CNN  -- Lawmakers in Uganda are preparing to vote on a new anti-homosexuality bill that proposes tough jail sentences for consensual same-sex behavior . Homosexual acts are already illegal in the east African nation , where most gays and lesbians face physical attacks and are treated as social outcasts , but the new bill proposes harsher penalties . Uganda 's maximum penalty would be life in prison . Amnesty International said it was "  extremely concerned " about the bill and called on the Ugandan parliament not to pass it . "  The bill would have lasting , harmful effects on Ugandans who are thought to breach its far-reaching provisions and it would significantly hamper the work of human rights defenders and public health professionals , " the rights group said . "  Although Amnesty International has been informed that some provisions of the bill have been amended , the content of these amendments have not been made publicly available . "  This bill violates the principle of nondiscrimination as guaranteed under international and regional treaties to which Uganda is a party . " "  We are outraged , " said Noel Kututwa , the rights group 's director for southern Africa . "  This goes beyond the principle of nondiscrimination . It goes against the principle of privacy of individuals . And sexual orientation is really a question of the right of an individual to choose how they want to live their lives . " Uganda 's parliamentary speaker has reportedly said she wants the legislation to pass before Christmas . World leaders condemned the anti-gay legislation when it was first proposed in 2009 . Some nations have also threatened to withhold aid to Uganda over its record on same-sex rights . Prominent gay rights activist David Kato was beaten to death in the country in 2011 , a slaying that rights activists believe was motivated by homophobia . A British producer was also briefly jailed in Uganda in September this year for staging without permission a play about the challenges facing homosexuals in the African nation . If convicted , David Cecil could be imprisoned for two years , his lawyer said . Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in Africa , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . The death penalty can be imposed in a handful of nations worldwide for consensual same-sex relations , including Nigeria , Sudan , Mauritania , Saudi Arabia and Iran , according to the International Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Trans and Intersex Association . Rebel leader in Uganda for Congo crisis talks CNN 's Victoria Eastwood contributed to this report .	Homosexual acts are already illegal in Uganda , but the bill proposes harsher penalties Amnesty International says the legislation would have "  lasting , harmful effects " Uganda 's parliamentary speaker has reportedly said she wants the bill to pass before Christmas
North Korea appears to be ready to carry out a nuclear test whenever leaders of the reclusive state give the green light , a spokesman for the South Korean Defense Ministry said Thursday . The comment follows an analysis of recent commercial satellite images by the defense publication IHS Janes , which suggested activity was being ramped up at North Korea 's nuclear test site . Mining carts and excavation equipment at the tunneling area of the North 's Punggye-ri site can be seen in satellite images taken by Digital Globe and GeoEye in the past month . Earth and debris are being removed from the tunnel in the largest quantities seen so far , according to the Janes assessment . "  Based on the sand piles from the commercial satellites , we are assuming that they have put necessary devices for a nuclear test inside the shaft , " Kim Min-seok , spokesperson for South Korea 's defense ministry said in a regular briefing Thursday . "  This means they can conduct a nuclear test any time . " He said North Korea was "  awaiting a political decision " on whether or not to go ahead with the test , the prospect of which has strained relations between Pyongyang and other countries . Many analysts assume an atomic test by North Korea is just a matter of time following the failure of a controversial rocket launch last month . Two previous rocket launches in 2006 and 2009 were followed weeks or months later by nuclear tests . A satellite image from mid-April cited by Janes shows a full mining train , including an engine and several carts , outside of the tunnel at the nuclear site . And a more recent shot on May 9 reveals new road networks at the site along with carts and a vehicle at the facility . Opinion : A nuclear clash could starve the world North Korea said Tuesday that it would press on with its nuclear program as a response to what it described as hostility from the United States . The top U.S. envoy for North Korea , Glyn Davies , had warned Pyongyang on Monday that a possible third nuclear test would be "  a serious miscalculation and mistake . " An unidentified North Korean Foreign Ministry official suggested that a nuclear test had not originally been part of the regime 's plans . "  We did not envisage such a military measure as a nuclear test as we planned to launch a scientific and technical satellite for peaceful purposes , " he said in a report Tuesday by the state-run Korean Central News Agency . But the statement concluded with a vague threat : "  If the U.S. persists in its moves to ratchet up sanctions and pressure upon us despite our peace-loving efforts , we will be left with no option but to take counter-measures for self-defense . " North Korea launched a rocket on April 13 , which failed less than two minutes into the flight . It said the launch was to put a satellite into orbit , but much of the international community saw it as a cover up for testing its ballistic missile technology . The move torpedoed a deal reached in February under which Pyongyang agreed to suspend its nuclear activities in exchange for food aid shipments from the United States . The rocket launch in April was timed to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder and longtime leader of North Korea . It also came a few months after the death in December of Kim Jong Il , who had headed the secretive regime since 1994 . His son and chosen successor , Kim Jong Un , has taken over as "  supreme leader " of the nation , but the level of his influence on policy decisions remains unclear .	An analysis of satellite images shows increased activity at North Korea 's nuclear site South Korea says the images suggest the North is ready to conduct the test at any time North Korea is "  awaiting a political decision " on the test , Seoul says The U.S. has warned Pyongyang that such a test would be "  a serious miscalculation "
Washington  CNN  -- Only one-quarter of Americans think the federal stimulus plan has helped the middle class , while a majority say it has helped bankers and investors , according to a new national poll . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday morning indicates that 25 percent of the public thinks the stimulus has benefited the middle class . One-third of the people questioned think the stimulus has helped low-income Americans , with just over four in 10 saying the plan has benefited business executives . A majority , 54 percent , think the stimulus has helped bankers and investors . "  Opinions on the economic stimulus bill are colored by the perception that it has helped fat cats , but not ordinary Americans , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  It 's possible that the belief that the stimulus bill helped bankers and CEOs is due to the public confusing the stimulus bill with the various bailout bills that were passed at roughly the same time last year . " The survey also indicates that one-quarter think the stimulus has helped people in their own community , with three in 10 saying it has hurt people in their community and 45 percent saying the plan has had no effect . According to a CNN poll released Sunday , 56 percent of the public opposes the stimulus , with 42 percent supportive of the plan . Last March , just weeks after President Obama signed the stimulus bill into law , a CNN survey indicated that 54 percent supported the program , with 44 percent opposed . The program , formally known as the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , attempts to stimulate the country 's economy by increasing federal spending and cutting taxes , at a total cost to the government of $ 862 billion . No Republicans in the House of Representatives and only three in the Senate voted for the bill . The stimulus was initially thought to have a price tag of $ 787 billion , but the Congressional Budget Office on Tuesday increased its forecast for how much the stimulus will add to the nation 's deficit , raising its estimate by $ 75 billion . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted January 8-10 , with 1,021 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN Deputy Political Director Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Poll : 25 percent of the public thinks stimulus has benefited the middle class Poll : 54 percent say stimulus has helped bankers , investors Congressional Budget Office : Stimulus will cost $ 75 billion more than expected
CNN  -- After three days of horrifying images from Kiev , February 21 brought tentative good news from the Ukrainian capital . President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders Vitali Klitschko , Oleh Tyahnybok and Arseniy Yatsenyuk concluded an agreement on a political settlement . If it holds , it offers Ukrainians a peaceful path out of the crisis that has gripped their country for the past three months . But the agreement is fragile . It will encounter opposition from within Ukraine . Indeed , protestors on the Maidan are already calling for Yanukovych 's immediate removal . The Russians may try to undermine it . But the United States and European Union must work to make it succeed ; it is the best bet that Ukraine now has . It comes at a moment when the crisis had reached the brink of chaos . There had been three days of violent clashes between demonstrators and police , the threat by Security Services of a nationwide "  anti-terrorist operation , " and images , splashed across the media , of Berkut riot police firing on demonstrators . At least 75 died and hundreds were injured in the capital . The Polish , German and French foreign ministers arrived on February 20 . Their mission was bolstered by reports that the European Union later that day would impose visa and financial sanctions against Ukrainian officials responsible for the use of force  this came a day after Washington announced that it was banning visas for 20 regime officials  . The EU foreign ministers met with the opposition leaders , then with Yanukovych . All came together for discussions that ran through the night . They were joined by Vladimir Lukin , the former Russian human rights ombudsman , hastily dispatched to Kiev by Russian President Vladimir Putin . Yanukovych and the opposition leaders reached and initialed a tentative agreement the morning of February 21 . After the opposition leaders consulted with a council representing the protesters , the agreement was signed . Among the key points : -- Adoption of a law to restore the 2004 constitution , which will provide for more of a balance of power between the Rada  Ukraine 's parliament  and prime minister on the one hand , and the president on the other . The current constitution favors the president . -- Formation of a national unity government within 10 days . -- Further constitutional reform to be completed by September . -- Early presidential elections , to be held once the constitutional reform is completed , but no later than December . The agreement provides a road map for Ukraine to move forward to normalize the country 's political life . The result would be a greater balance in power between the legislative and executive branches of government , and between the prime minister -- who presumably will come from the opposition ranks or will be someone acceptable to the opposition -- and the president . It likely means that Yanukovych will be a one-term president . His poll numbers already were severely sagging last year . The events of the past three months will make it all but impossible for him to win reelection in a free and fair process . The settlement also may mean that Ukraine will move to sign an association agreement with the European Union . It was Yanukovych 's decision in November not to sign that triggered the initial protests ; they morphed into an expression of broader public discontent with the government corruption and authoritarian trends that have characterized Yanukovych 's four years as President . The Rada wasted little time in acting on the settlement . Members cast 386 votes in favor of a proposal to return to the 2004 constitution  a constitutional majority requires only 300  . But the deal remains vulnerable . Some in Yanukovych 's inner circle will see it as a threat to their personal political and economic interests ; they may seek to undo it . Many demonstrators will question why Yanukovych , whom they hold responsible for those killed , should remain in office another day , let alone perhaps until the end of the year . And a particularly ominous note came from Russia . Lukin joined the Polish , German and French foreign ministers in initialing the draft agreement as a witness . However , after reportedly consulting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , he did not attend the signing ceremony and did not sign the final agreement . What that says about Moscow 's view of the agreement remains to be seen , but it is hardly a positive sign . Should the agreement put Kiev back on course to deepen its relationship with the European Union , expect the Kremlin to look for ways to undermine it . The European Union , whose engagement on Ukraine has often appeared frustratingly cautious , deserves considerable credit for its role . Having foreign ministers from three major EU member states in Kiev -- backed by a threat of EU sanctions -- undoubtedly helped bring the Ukrainian sides to agreement . The European Union and Washington must now do all they can to bolster the agreement and to work with Ukrainians to pursue its implementation . The alternative -- a return to the violence of earlier this week -- in unthinkable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steven Pifer .	Ukraine 's president and opposition have reached a deal to end violence It 's fragile , says Steven Pifer , but it is the best deal available to Ukraine right now The deal restores the 2004 constitution and calls for a new unity government Pifer : Russia may undermine the deal , but the U.S. and EU must work to bolster it
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Madeleine Peyroux has carved out a successful career as an interpreter of songs from greats such as Billie Holiday , Patsy Cline and Leonard Cohen . But on her fourth album , the smoky-voiced singer holds the mirror up to herself . Madeleine Peyroux takes a clear-eyed look at her life and relationships on "  Bare Bones . " "  Bare Bones " is Peyroux 's first album for which she wrote or co-wrote all the tracks . And she does n't shy away from touchy subjects . "  River of Tears " was inspired by her difficult relationship with her late alcoholic father . "  I think it 's the kind of feeling that you can get any time of your life when you just have to face some things , " she says about getting personal . "  You have to let it all hang out , let go of the ideas that were more comfortable and embrace some of the sadness in your life . And then perhaps let it float . " Watch Peyroux get personal " Born in Athens , Georgia , Peyroux  pronounced "  Peru "  spent some time in a domestic violence shelter as a child . After her parents ' divorce , she moved to Paris with her mother which is where , as a teenager , she tested her mettle as a performer by busking on the streets . Critics responded favorably to Peyroux 's 1996 debut album , "  Dreamland , " and international recognition followed with 2004 's million-selling "  Careless Love . " While Peyroux prefers to keep a fairly low profile , she took the time to talk to CNN about stripping down to the bare bones on her newest album . CNN : This is the first album where you 've written or co-written all the material . What was that like ? Madeleine Peyroux : I was just excited about it . Every day was another opportunity to keep writing for this record , so I spent a year and a half co-writing with a lot of other people as well so that I could go through different processes and get the songs written . Now I 'm singing these songs and I feel that looking back ... it was time really well spent . CNN : Was there apprehension about revealing too much about yourself ? Peyroux : No . I think of the things that I wrote on this record as stories of being a young woman walking the streets of Paris late at night in "  Our Lady of Pigalle , " or trying to touch on the Southern culture of drinking and surviving on the basic sayings that we have in order to understand what life is all about . ... But the question was ... would anybody want me to actually tell the full story from beginning to end and make sense of it ? Because in the end , I 'd like these songs to make sense to everyone and not just be my story . CNN : Tell us about the song "  River of Tears . " Peyroux : My producer , Larry Klein , had the idea . He wrote the lyrics at the beginning of the song because he had been working with me during the time my father passed away and he knew the story . ... He wrote , "  Stop all this talk , turn off the telephone . Open up another bottle . I 'm gon na float down this river of tears . " We kept writing it together . CNN : What was your relationship like with your dad ? Peyroux : Complex . ... He was a complex character . He 's definitely a big part of the material on this record . CNN : The album ends on a very uplifting note with the song "  Something Grand " and the line "  all 's forgiven . " Is it true that song was inspired by President Obama ? Peyroux : It was . ... I live in Brooklyn , New York , and I was up at 4 a.m. , the quietest hour , where the highway just slows down for about five minutes so you do n't hear any trucks banging over the potholes . I had the windows open . The debates -LSB- had been -RSB- on television . It was an exciting feeling , and we knew that there was a change coming . And I needed to know that in my bones , and I wanted to feel it . Luck would have it that Obama was elected the day that I recorded the vocals on that song . CNN : What is it about early female blues singers that captivate you ? Peyroux : I think I was probably an early teenager when I discovered Bessie Smith , Ma Rainey and a bunch of people that are on a long list of artists . They were important to me , especially as an early adolescent . ... To have a female role model that first of all touches me personally and deeply . ... They were very strong women . Bessie Smith , for example , created her own life . She ran the show , she owned a railway train . CNN : You 've had a tough life so far , have n't you ? Peyroux : Tumultuous . I think eventful ... with traveling and going through a lot of changes in my household , my family , moving around quite a bit . But -LSB- I 've had -RSB- a lot of luck , you know . So not as tough as just a little crazy . ... Music was a big part of -LSB- my luck -RSB- . And it has the power to change a lot of people from being jaded and take them back into something soothing and healing .	Madeleine Peyroux 's new album , "  Bare Bones , " is unflinching Peyroux had alcoholic father , spent time in domestic violence shelter Singer with smoky voice wants songs to be universal
CNN  -- New Zealand turned on the style to beat England 26-7 in Sunday 's final of the Hong Kong Sevens as they ran in four tries in a comprehensive victory . The New Zealand triumph -- their fifth since 2000 in the prestigious event -- took them back to the top of the HSBC Sevens World Series -- with two rounds of the nine remaining . England , who beat two-time holders Fiji in the semifinal , were always on the back foot in the finale of the three-day tournament and scored a lone try through Tom Powell . Blog : Olympic fever grips HK Rugby Sevens But New Zealand breached their defense regularly as Ben Lam , Tim Mikkelson , captain DJ Forbes and Sam Dickson crossed in a dominant display . "  It is a great feeling , " coach Gordon Tietjen told the official tournament website . "  My captain leads so well from the front , he was simply amazing . And also the other players linked in with him , we played a good final . "  This will certainly help in going towards winning that title . " In the earlier playoff for third place , Fiji gained some consolation for their semifinal setback by beating Australia 21-12 . South Africa beat Wales 19-14 in the Plate Final and are the nearest challengers to New Zealand in the battle for overall honors , trailing by seven points in the standings , with Fiji in third . Tournaments in Scotland and England in May will complete the world series .	New Zealand win Hong Kong Rugby Sevens title Beat England 26-7 in Sunday 's final New Zealand back to top of HSBC Sevens World series Fiji beat Australia for third place
CNN  -- Manchester United winger Antonio Valencia could return to action in February , manager Alex Ferguson told the English Premier League club 's official website . Valencia dislocated and fractured his left ankle after tangling with Rangers defender Kirk Broadfoot in a UEFA Champions League match on Tuesday , and it was feared he may miss the remainder of the season . However , Ferguson allayed these concerns , saying the injury was not as bad as first thought . "  Antonio had his operation and it was successful . The break was clean and we were delighted to announce that . It was a major concern for us at the time . " The 68-year-old Scot is hopeful Valencia may still be able to play a part in the Premier League season , and has praised the attitude of the former Wigan player . "  There is ligament damage but we are looking at the end of February , which is better than we thought on Tuesday night . He is a strong boy and he is very positive about it -- being positive helps in these situations . "	Manchester United 's Antonio Valencia is expected to be out of action until February Valencia suffered a broken ankle in Tuesday 's Champions Leagu game against Rangers Manager Alex Ferguson said : "  He 's a strong boy and he is very positive about it . "
Watts , California  CNN  -- One savings account at a time , "  Sweet " Alice Harris is trying to save youths from the temptations of crime and violence in Los Angeles ' notoriously troubled neighborhood of Watts . Harris , 76 , is a humanitarian with a big mission on the most modest of budgets . Twice a year , she tries to instill the importance of saving money for college by offering any youth $ 5 -- if and only if the youngsters place that money in a savings account . While some may doubt whether such a notion could succeed , Harris can count 40 youngsters who took up her offer over the past three years -- and are now going to junior college . "  The majority of the people who 've opened an account have stayed in school , " said Harris at her community center called Parents of Watts  POW  , a nonprofit youth outreach group she began in 1979 to keep kids off the streets and in school . On Saturday , Harris held her latest "  back-to-school community event , " in which 96 kids applied for a savings account that holds $ 5 , donated by Harris ' organization . In exchange for accepting the $ 5 , the youngsters have to pledge that the money will be used for their college education and that the youths will contribute to their own savings over time , Harris said . Harris , who has been living in Watts at least since its 1960s riots , said the savings account program teaches youths discipline and the importance of savings -- as well as letting them know she and her group are there to support their college dreams . Harris operates her micro-giving program through Kinecta Federal Credit Union and Nix Financial . Ariel Flowers , 16 , was one of the many to open an account Saturday . She hopes to save the money for college , because she says , "  Pepperdine costs a lot of money . " Through summer jobs and babysitting in the next few years , she hopes to make her dream possible and wishes to open up her own business one day . Danielle Sandoval , 13 , of Downey , California , signed up for one of the $ 5 accounts two years ago and now she has saved $ 700 , through an allowance from her mother and cash gifts to her during her birthdays and Christmas . She dreams of attending California State University at Long Beach -- and wants to become a veterinarian . "  The other kids , maybe , they want to be spoiled . I want to be independent , buy my own car and buy my own house , " Danielle said at the community center , near a booth set up by the banks . Harris said Danielle is a model saver : the West Middle School student has saved the most in the program over a two-year period . In addition to being on her school 's honor role , the girl was given another honor Saturday ; Kinecta and Nix Financial awarded her an additional $ 250 to put in her savings account . "  We want to keep encouraging her to save , " said Mel Calloway , the executive vice president of Kinecta and Nix Financial . "  We were very proud of her , she had a lot of discipline in her savings . " Harris said she gives out the money for the savings accounts through the donations she receives through her community group . She feels strongly about the programs she runs because of the inspiration she personally received : it was her own mentor who opened up Harris 's savings account for her decades ago . "  It helped me go to beauty college . What she did for me , I do for these kids . I know what it 's like to feel like nothing , " Harris said . Harris hopes the kids will finish college . "  I envision that they wo n't go to jail , they wo n't gang bang , " she said . For Harris , the Watts riots are n't forgotten : 46 years after the violence , the neighborhood still faces deep problems . Capt. Phil Tingirides of the Los Angeles police 's southeast station said that Watts "  is a very hard community and influenced by violent street gangs . " The four housing projects in Watts have traditionally been violent , with large amounts of drug dealing , he said . But he applauds how "  Sweet " Alice is pushing the youth in the community to be financially independent . Regarding the $ 5 that Harris donates , Tingirides stated : "  It 's very symbolic on one hand and on the other hand , probably more money than anyone 's legitimately ever given many of them . "	"  Sweet " Alice Harris of Watts , California , gives $ 5 to any kid who wants a saving account The kids must pledge to stay in school -- and seek to go to college Nearly 100 kids apply for the savings accounts Saturday 40 youths who opened the savings accounts in the past three years are now going to junior college
CNN  -- If you 're traveling abroad , your laptop could be attacked . That much , is certain , according to the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation , which warned this week that hackers are "  targeting travelers abroad through pop-up windows while establishing an internet connection in their hotel rooms . " The warning comes from the FBI 's Internet Crime Complaint Center , or the IC3 . But it lacks so many key details that security experts wonder if it 's of any use . It does n't say where these attacks have occurred , how prevalent they are , or how exactly they work . Graham Cluely , a blogger with antivirus vendor Sophos , found the lack of details peculiar . "  What 's fascinating about the advisory is what it does n't say , " he wrote on his blog Thursday . "  And without more information it 's hard to know how computer users are supposed to take meaningful action to protect themselves . " Bloomberg reported late last year of a widespread hacking effort that hit ISPs , including at least one hotel network service provider . Networks were hit in "  more than a dozen countries , including Canada , Switzerland , Bangladesh , Venezuela and Russia , " Bloomberg said . The IC3 report comes months after the Bloomberg story , but then the FBI is n't exactly known for being ahead of the curve when it comes to security warnings . Here 's the key passage : Recently , there have been instances of travelers ' laptops being infected with malicious software while using hotel internet connections . In these instances , the traveler was attempting to setup the hotel room internet connection and was presented with a pop-up window notifying the user to update a widely-used software product . If the user clicked to accept and install the update , malicious software was installed on the laptop . The pop-up window appeared to be offering a routine update to a legitimate software product for which updates are frequently available . But pop-up windows that instruct users to do bad things -- installing adware or fake antivirus products or malicious Trojan horse programs , for example -- have been around for years . They happen everywhere in the internet , not just in untrustworthy hotel and public Wi-Fi networks . "  Nobody has cited evidence specifically tying this to hotel rooms , " says Robert Graham , CEO of security consultancy Errata Security . "  My advice for travelers is that there is nothing you need to do for traveling that you should n't already be doing anyway . " Reached Thursday , FBI spokeswoman Jenny Shearer could n't cite any public reports detailing these attacks . "  We do n't ' have much more guidance to offer the public beyond what was shared in the alert , " she said . Security experts generally acknowledge that hotel networks â $ " especially open Wi-Fi networks â $ " are untrustworthy minefields . Jonathan Kine , a technology consultant based in Jakarta , says he 's seen this type of attack described in the IC3 report in hotel and public Wi-Fi networks in China , Malaysia , and Indonesia . "  The user gets a pop up or a browser window that states in order to login please allow us to update your browser , then they download the payload and are infected , " he says . In some cases , the update looks like it 's from Adobe Systems , Kine says . It is n't . For corporate users , or those who are technically savvy , a virtual private network is often the best way to boost security . Another option : use your mobile carrier 's network . That 's what Searl Tate did recently on a trip to Las Vegas . Instead of paying for a hotel network , he simply grabbed his iPad and connected to his carrier 's 4G network . "  There are other performance reasons too , " he says , "  but security drives a portion of my concern . " For Graham , that means full disk encryption , to make your laptop unreadable in case it gets stolen . He also says that travelers should be up-to-date with their software patches and use secure SSL connections whenever they 're on the Web . "  And stop clicking on Trojans , " he adds "  If you do n't do this already , then there 's really no hope for you anyway . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	FBI says overseas travelers at risk to attacks through pop-up windows Security analysts note warning is short on details Attack is a pop-up asking users to update a popular piece of software It has happened on hotel Wi-Fi systems , FBI says
Mexico City  CNN  -- A clandestine mass grave found near Mexico City may hold the answer to what befell 12 youths who were kidnapped from a bar in the capital back in May . Federal investigators swarmed a ranch east of Mexico City on Thursday , where they confirmed that at least seven bodies had been found , and that two arrests were made near the location . A lawyer representing the families of five of the missing , however , told CNNMexico that he received a call from a source who said the bodies of the youths may be found there . The lawyer did not reveal his source . The apparent kidnapping of the 12 youths from an after-hours club called Heavens shocked residents of Mexico City , who for the most part have been spared from the violence seen in other areas . The lawyer , Ricardo Martinez , said his source told him there were 13 bodies found at the ranch , possibly in two mass graves , one that held the remains of the males , and the other , the females . Mexico City 's attorney general on Thursday said there was one grave so far that was being investigated . Officials have not confirmed the identities of the bodies , and CNN could not independently confirm the claims of the attorney . Martinez said that a suspect in the disappearance of the youths led authorities to the ranch . Families of missing haunted by mystery Mexico City Attorney General Rodolfo Rios said investigators were taking DNA samples to identify the remains , which could take several days . The site where the bodies are found is the town of Tlalmanalco , in the state of Mexico , about 30 miles east of Mexico City , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . Local , state and federal police were all at the scene . A gang was involved in the mass disappearance , officials have said . The May 26 incident at the after-hours bar jolted the capital city , given it took place in daylight on a Sunday morning . Video footage shows a gang of about 17 people arriving in eight vehicles at the fashionable Zona Rosa district , according to authorities . The owner of the bar , a co-owner and two bar employees have been arrested in the case . CNNMexico 's Veronica Diaz and Juan Pablo Mayorga contributed to this report .	Authorities have found a clandestine mass grave near Mexico City A lawyer believes the bodies could be linked to a bar disappearance 12 youths were disappeared from a Mexico City bar in May Officials say it could take days to identify the bodies
CNN  -- Nearly 13 years after the 9/11 attacks , many Americans were likely surprised to learn that one of their fellow citizens had committed suicide on behalf of al Qaeda in a massive bombing attack last week in northern Syria . The American al Qaeda recruit 's name was Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha , according to the U.S. State Department , and he grew up in Vero Beach , Florida , where he played high school football . Abu-Salha , who was 22 , is the first American suicide bomber in Syria , but he is not the first U.S. citizen to die in a suicide attack on behalf of an al Qaeda-affiliated group . In the past six years , at least three Americans have conducted suicide attacks in Somalia for Al-Shabaab , al Qaeda 's Somali affiliate . It is cases like that of Abu-Salha that explain why senior U.S. counterterrorism officials tell me that they are "  all Syria , all the time . " Insurgencies such as the one going on in Syria against the Bashar al-Assad regime can go on for many years . Indeed , since World War II , the average insurgency has lasted at least a decade , according to an authoritative study by RAND . The Syrian conflict is now only in its fourth year , so Syria could well prove an important training ground for foreign fighters for many years in the future . Also , al Qaeda-affiliated groups now control territory stretching from Aleppo in western Syria to Falluja in Iraq , 400 miles to the east . This is a large safe haven for al Qaeda in the heart of the Middle East . The fact that the Syrian conflict will likely go on for a long time , and that it is already providing a large safe haven to al Qaeda and like-minded groups , deeply worries U.S. administration officials . And Syria , after all , is an issue that has entirely happened on the Obama administration 's watch , unlike Iraq or Afghanistan . According to a senior U.S. intelligence official , Abu-Salha is one of around 100 Americans who have traveled to Syria or have tried to do so as the civil war there grinds on . Not all of these Americans have joined al Qaeda -- there are many factions fighting in Syria -- but a number have done so . Four other Americans have been publicly identified as having tried to join al Qaeda in Syria or have fought alongside the group , according to a count by the New America Foundation , Sinh Vinh Ngo Nguyen of Southern California pleaded guilty last year to a charge of attempting to provide weapons training to al Qaeda . Nguyen had traveled to Syria in 2012 where he fought alongside the Syrian al Qaeda affiliate , which is known as the al-Nusra Front . Basit Sheikh , a legal permanent U.S. resident from Pakistan , was arrested by the FBI at Raleigh-Durham airport in North Carolina last year while trying to fly to Lebanon , allegedly in order to join the al-Nusra Front . Sheikh 's father has said the allegations against his son are false . Similarly , Abdella Tounisi , an 18-year-old American citizen from Aurora , Illinois , was arrested at Chicago 's O'Hare airport on April 19 , 2013 , and was charged with attempting to join the al-Nusra Front . Tounisi 's father also denied the charges . And two months ago , Nicholas Teausant , a 20-year-old from California , was arrested near the Canadian border while allegedly traveling to join an al Qaeda splinter group in Syria . He has pleaded not guilty to the charge . It is not just the Americans who have fought in Syria or have attempted to do so who worry Obama administration officials . There are now "  foreign fighters " from around the world who are pouring into Syria . At a conference in Washington on Friday to discuss how al Qaeda and its affiliates have transformed in recent years , Jen Easterly , the senior director for counterterrorism at the National Security Council , noted that the administration is worried about "  the unprecedented number of fighters flowing into Syria . " A particular concern is the many hundreds of Europeans who have fought in Syria , who may use training acquired there to carry out attacks in the West . Many are from "  visa waiver " countries that do not need visas to travel to the United States . Underlining the seriousness of this threat : On Sunday , French authorities arrested a suspect in the May 24 shooting at the Jewish Museum in Brussels , where three people were killed with an AK-47 . The chief prosecutor of Paris , Francois Molins , said that the suspect , Mehdi Nemmouche , traveled to Syria last year , one of 700 French citizens reported to have gone there . According to British officials , 450 British citizens or residents have traveled to Syria to fight over the past three years , and about 80 % of those have returned to the UK . And the war in Syria is attracting -- just as it is in the United States -- fighters from all kinds of ethnic backgrounds , not just those of Syrian descent . A British official says the vast majority of British fighters going to Syria do not have any real links to the country other than a desire to fight in a holy war against the al-Assad regime . The problem in Syria is compounded by the fact that , according to both British counterterrorism officials and U.S. intelligence officials , senior al Qaeda members based in Pakistan have traveled to Syria to direct operations . According to a senior U.S. intelligence official , these include veteran members of al Qaeda "  with strong resumes and full Rolodexes . " As FBI Director James Comey explained in an interview with The Washington Post a month ago , officials are determined to prevent the kind of "  blowback " from Syria that occurred previously from foreign fighters who had trained in Afghanistan in the years before 9/11 . "  We see Syria as that , but an order of magnitude worse in a couple of respects . Far more people going there . Far easier to travel to and back from . So there 's going to be a diaspora out of Syria at some point , and we are determined not to let lines be drawn from Syria today to a future 9/11 . " Interestingly , an American cleric , Ahmad Musa Jibril , who was born in Dearborn , Michigan , in 1972 , is an important spiritual influence on the foreign fighters who have joined al Qaeda-affiliated groups in Syria , although there is no suggestion that Jibril is involved himself in recruitment efforts for these militant groups . This finding was reported in a paper released in April by the London-based International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation and Violence , which has done authoritative work tracking the foreign fighters traveling to Syria and which arrived at its conclusions by tracking the social media accounts of foreign fighters in Syria . Many of the foreign fighters in Syria are avid posters on YouTube , Facebook and Twitter . Indeed , the suicide attack by the Floridian Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha last week was documented by al Qaeda 's propaganda arm in Syria and posted on YouTube . If Vietnam was the first war covered by television , and the Gulf War was the first war carried live by cable news , in many ways Syria is the first social media war -- where the conflict is largely documented on YouTube , Facebook and Twitter . All of these innovative tools were , of course , invented in the United States . The irony that al Qaeda members in Syria use these tools routinely is no doubt lost on most of them . Al Qaeda does n't really do irony . Thanks to David Sterman for his research assistance .	U.S. citizen Moner Abu-Salha commits suicide on behalf of al Qaeda in a Syria bombing attack Peter Bergen says other Americans and Europeans have sought to join civil war in Syria U.S. officials fear Syria is breeding new group of terrorists who might turn against the West Bergen : Suspect in Brussels museum killings traveled to Syria last year , prosecutor says
Atlanta  CNN  -- One of the countries hard hit by the Ebola outbreak in West Africa is not able to cope , a health worker said , calling on the international community to step up support . Anja Wolz , emergency coordinator for Doctors Without Borders , spoke to CNN on Tuesday from an Ebola facility in Kailahun , Sierra Leone . "  I think that the government and the ministry of health here in Sierra Leone is not able to deal with this outbreak . We need much more help from international organizations -- as WHO , as CDC , as other organizations -- to come to support the government , " Wolz said . "  Still we have unsafe burials ; people who are doing the burial without disinfection of the body ; still we have patients who are hiding themselves ; still we have patients or contacts of patients who are running away because they are afraid . " Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia are at the center of an Ebola outbreak that has already killed more than 800 people . The global concern over the spread of the virus has reached Saudi Arabia , where a man is in critical condition after recently returning from Sierra Leone . The 40-year-old man has symptoms of a viral hemorrhagic fever , the Saudi Health Ministry said Tuesday . The source of his infection is unknown , but Ebola can not be ruled out , the ministry said . "  This is the biggest and most complex Ebola outbreak in history , " Dr. Tom Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said in a statement . "  It will take many months , and it wo n't be easy , but Ebola can be stopped , " he said . "  We know what needs to be done . " The virus has already been confirmed outside of the three main countries . A Nigerian doctor has been diagnosed with Ebola nearly three weeks after a Liberian-American man with Ebola died after traveling to Lagos , Nigerian officials said Monday . Nigerian Minister of Health Onyebuchi Chukwu told reporters that the infected physician had been treating Patrick Sawyer , a top government official in the Liberian Ministry of Finance who died of Ebola in a Nigerian hospital July 20 . Eight other people are being quarantined and three are awaiting Ebola test results , the health minister said . Read more about Patrick Sawyer 's death Meanwhile , the World Health Organization reports an outbreak of the virus in Liberia , Sierra Leone , Guinea and Nigeria is believed to have infected 1,603 people and killed more than 887 this year , as of Friday . The United States is planning to send 50 health experts to West Africa to help contain the outbreak , which President Barack Obama addressed in remarks Tuesday , saying the citizens of the affected countries are in Americans ' thoughts and prayers . Frieden said the 50 experts from the CDC will work to combat the outbreak and help implement stronger systems to fight the disease . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which affects multiple organ systems in the body and is often accompanied by bleeding . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . An Ebola patient had not been treated within U.S. borders until last week , but the CDC has spearheaded efforts to prepare for the deadly virus . 5 reasons not to panic about Ebola in the U.S. . It helped create an isolation unit at Emory University Hospital , which is being used to treat American doctor Kent Brantly , who contracted Ebola in Liberia and was evacuated to the facility in Atlanta over the weekend . A second American patient , Nancy Writebol , arrived from Liberia on Tuesday . She will undergo treatment at the same unit . Emory is one of four U.S. institutions capable of providing such treatment . But in the nations hardest-hit and not as prepared , the reality is grim . Even in the best-case scenario , it could take three to six months to stem the epidemic in West Africa , Frieden said . Ebola spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . It has no cure . The most common treatment requires supporting organ functions and maintaining bodily fluids such as blood and water long enough for the body to fight off the infection . Ebola also claimed the life of a medical director at a hospital in Liberia 's capital , Monrovia . Dr. Patrick Nshamdze tested positive Tuesday after being sick for two weeks . He died Saturday . In Sierra Leone , where government officials have asked citizens to stay away from work , the military has deployed at least 750 medical officials to 13 locations , military spokesman Col. Michael Samura said . Health officials are screening incoming and outgoing passengers at the country 's main international airport with a device that takes people 's temperature from their eyes at a distance . People showing signs of fever are quarantined and their blood is tested . On Tuesday , Liberia responded to British Airways ' decision to suspend service to Monrovia because of the outbreak . "  The government of Liberia regrets that British Airways has suspended flights to and from Liberia until the end of August . However , we fully understand that international airlines must keep the safety of customers and crew as their highest priority , " it said . "  We will continue to work around the clock with our international partners to ensure all our key international ports of entry are secure from any transfer of Ebola , both incoming or outgoing . " What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? Experts : U.S. health care system well-prepared for Ebola Ebola 's frontline : Battling fear and deadly virus CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report from Freetown , Sierra Leone . Journalist Heather Murdock reported from Nigeria . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen , Faith Karimi , Nana Karikari-apau and Christabelle Fombu also contributed to this report .	Sierra Leone , Guinea and Liberia are at the center of an Ebola outbreak A man hospitalized in Saudi Arabia has symptoms of a viral hemorrhagic fever A Nigerian doctor was diagnosed with Ebola after treating a Ebola patient there That diagnosis comes three weeks after a Liberian-American man died from virus
CNN  -- When Yamaha announced that Valentino Rossi would return to the champion motorcycling team this season , many wondered if he would be able to repair his previously fractious relationship with teammate Jorge Lorenzo . However , the threat to Lorenzo 's status as world champion is coming from an unexpected source -- Honda 's rookie MotoGP rider Marc Marquez . The 20-year-old has won his last two battles with Lorenzo , becoming the youngest winner of a top-level race in Austin , Texas last month and then on Sunday edging his fellow Spaniard into third place after an audacious final-corner overtake which saw the two bikes make contact . What made it harder for Lorenzo to bear was that it came at the part of the Jerez track which had been named in his honor ahead of this weekend 's Spanish Grand Prix . "  If somebody did that to me ... for sure , I would be angry , " Marquez told the MotoGP website . "  Not because of the moment but because I would have lost a place on the podium . I can understand that but , anyway , I have said sorry . "  I thought he would close the corner off a little bit more than he did , but I noticed that he had opened the door so I tried to pass him . When I saw in those last meters that I might touch him , I released the brakes a bit to make sure the touch was going to be a bit softer . "  The most important thing is that we both finished and I just hope that our relationship will get a bit better after a few days . " The result left Marquez on his own at the top of the championship standings , while Lorenzo dropped to third behind race winner Dani Pedrosa . "  I was second all race and lost it at the last corner , " Lorenzo said . "  Anyway , our bike was not very competitive compared to the Hondas . "  I had a very consistent race , just making two mistakes : I started very badly and did n't close the door enough at the last corner . " Pedrosa celebrated his first win this season and his first at his home race since 2008 . "  It was a beautiful race , " the Honda rider said . "  I was able to ride the bike well , even though it was difficult because the tires were really on the limit . I could n't push too hard because of that , so I had to ride carefully . " Seven-time world champion Rossi finished fourth ahead of Britain 's Cal Crutchlow on a Monster Yamaha Tech 3 . "  Unfortunately , I did n't have enough pace at the beginning because we did not find the right balance , " said Rossi , who is also fourth overall -- 18 points behind Marquez ahead of the next race at Le Mans . "  We have to work very hard -- especially because Lorenzo is faster than us -- so we have to find the right balance and work together with Yamaha because in this race we expected to be stronger than the Hondas but in the end we have finished behind them , so we have a lot of work to do . "	Dani Pedrosa wins Spanish Grand Prix while title rivals tussle behind him Rookie Marc Marquez aggressively overtakes Jorge Lorenzo at the final corner The 20-year-old goes top of standings while world champion drops to third Lorenzo 's Yamaha teammate Valentino Rossi finishes back in fourth
"  For every Southern boy fourteen years old , not once but whenever he wants it , there is the instant when it 's still not yet two o'clock on that July afternoon in 1863 . " So starts a powerful passage by William Faulkner in "  Intruder in the Dust . " The Mississippi novelist and poet poignantly painted the scene of dry-mouthed young men anticipating battle . But the Confederate attack , known in the annals of history as Pickett 's Charge , ended about a mile away in failure , gray-clad troops blunted by determined Union troops at Gettysburg , Pennsylvania . Those young boys recalled by Faulkner were stopped at the Angle , a stone wall considered the high-water mark of the Confederacy -- perhaps the last chance for victory in the U.S. Civil War . Instead , the Union prevailed at Gettysburg , a turning point in the four-year war that claimed at least 620,000 lives . This weekend and through July 7 , between 200,000 and 300,000 visitors -- more than the number of combatants -- will flock to the town and fields of Gettysburg National Military Park to mark the 150th anniversary of the three-day clash , which cost an incredible 51,000 casualties . Pickett 's Charge will be the climactic event of a large re-enactment this weekend outside of park boundaries . On July 3 , the actual anniversary of the attack , National Park Service rangers will guide thousands of visitors in loose formation across a gently rolling field . Others will stand where Federal regiments poured rifle and artillery fire into the arc of Confederates . The event ends with the playing of Taps by multiple musicians , a solemn remembrance of selfless sacrifice by the warriors at Gettysburg . Times have changed since previous anniversary observances , including the 1938 reunion , at which grizzled veterans of the battle met at Gettysburg one last time in an event known for reconciliation . They shook hands across that famous wall at the Angle . Some let out the haunting Rebel Yell . The 150th commemoration of the battle will tell a wider story than previous observances , officials told CNN . "  For decades , people came here for military and black powder , " said Carl Whitehill , media relations manager for the Gettysburg Convention & Visitors Bureau . "  Now they want to know about the civilians and what they endured during and after the battle . " Mike Litterst of the National Park Service said interpretations at federal Civil War battlefields have evolved in the past 25 years . Besides telling the story of the battles and the homefront , exhibits increasingly stress the importance of the conflict to civil rights and the role of African-Americans , thousands of whom served in the Union Army . About 400 events are planned over 10 days , including a second battle re-enactment next weekend . Gettysburg National Military Park on Sunday will hold one of its 150th anniversary signature events , an evening program entitled "  Gettysburg : A New Birth of Freedom . " The keynote speaker is historian Doris Kearns Goodwin . Country music singer Trace Adkins and a military band will perform the national anthem . The ceremony concludes with a procession to the Soldiers ' National Cemetery , where luminaries will mark each of 3,500 graves of soldiers who died at Gettysburg . "  I think it is an opportunity for people to have a deeper understanding of what happened here and how it is still relevant in 21st century America , " said Litterst . 12 fascinating Civil War sites Small town made way into history books Gettysburg , then a bucolic town of 2,400 souls , found itself directly drawn into the Civil War during the first days of July 1863 . Southern troops took the war to the North after a resounding victory at the Battle of Chancellorsville two months before . Gen. Robert E. Lee 's soldiers on the first day of battle pushed Union troops through the town and onto hills and ridges that eventually played a large part in the battle 's outcome . "  There was street fighting in the inside  of Gettysburg  , " said Whitehill . "  Throughout the town , a lot of people were shooting muskets out of windows . " Jennie Wade , while kneading dough , was fatally shot in the back on July 3 , the only civilian casualty at Gettysburg , Gettysburg , now with a population of about 7,800 , and surrounding Adams County anticipate a $ 100 million economic impact from 150th anniversary observances . Whitehill has spent much of his time assisting nearly 700 journalists from across the United States and abroad . Among international media are German , UK , Australian and Swiss companies . "  One of the things that amazes international visitors and media is why we re-enact this war . It is such a pivotal and painful time for this country but every year we bring it to life and re-enact it . " The area 's 2,600 rooms and 1,800 campsites are largely filled , although a few are left . "  A lot of people move to this area for the history , " said Whitehill . "  A lot of people just love being close to it . " First aid tents all over town will assist any visitors and event participants who run into problems from the muggy and warm temperatures . Visitors can take free shuttles into downtown and re-enactments . The National Park Service also offers shuttles and satellite parking . Traffic flow on Friday , the first full day of 150th events , went well . ` Living history ' on Civil War battlefields Thousands of re-enactors go back in time Don Ernsberger led the building of a replica Pickett 's Charge stone wall for this weekend 's re-enactment at Bushey Farm . Seventy volunteeers shaped 88 tons of stone to re-create the focal point of the march . "  The Confederates captured that angle for about five to eight minutes and the Union reinforcements came in and pushed them out . " Ernsberger , who authored a book about the wall and the attack , will portray a Union lieutenant on Sunday . "  I wrote this book three years ago and I hope to see it happen before my eyes , " he said . An estimatetd 10,000 re-enactors are on hand at Bushey Farm this weekend , said Kris Shelton , media and marketing coordinator for the Blue Gray Alliance , which is sponsoring the event . The first mock battle went well Friday , said Shelton , who said organizers have detailed logistics plans for the maneuvering of troops at the site . There 's a chance of rain for the next several days . "  We are historically accurate , but we do n't control the weather , " Shelton said . Organizers expect tens of thousands of spectators on Saturday and Sunday . Besides portrayals of the fighting , the re-enactment will include about 200 individuals representing the town of Gettysburg in 1863 . "  The civilians living there have done careful research of the residents of the town and they have taken on their identities , including their trade and craft , " said Shelton . Safety of participants and guests comes first , but authenticity also is a priority . "  People are here to recognize and honor and commemorate what these people went through , the sacrifices of both soldiers and civilians , " said Shelton . The battles draw re-enactors devoted to donning the proper uniforms and equipment . They can get caught up in the heat of the battle and emotional or significant moments . "  That intensity is something that really sparks re-enactors , " she said . "  That combined with leaving electronics and the modern world behind . " Visitors and participants alike understand that real people died in battle -- that freedom had a cost . Making the battlefield historically accurate While battle re-enactments are not permitted on National Park Service sites -- the commemorative clashes will be on privately owned land -- such events and the visitor experience at Gettysburg National Military Park are "  not mutually exclusive , " said Litterst . "  We want that excitement to spill over to the sites and grounds where the events actually took place , " he said . The National Park Service does not provide crowd estimates or projections , but it 's clear the park will be busy over the next week , given ranger-led hikes and special programs . "  We will probably see crowds we probably have n't seen before , or since the centennial , " said Litterst . "  For the next couple weeks , there wo n't be many places to get some alone time here . " But for those who want to get away from at least some of the hustle and bustle , he recommends a visit to the East Cavalry Battlefield Site east of town and the park 's Big Round Top , which has a great walking trail . The battlefield looks much different from even 20 years ago as the NPS worked to make it look much closer to its 1863 appearance . Trees have been removed in some places and orchards planted . Thousands may make the July 3 Pickett 's Charge commemorative march , timed to the actual assault . Those with younger legs may be in front . And , like battles of old , there will be stragglers . "  There will be not be a shortage of people with stories and pictures of great-great grandfathers who made that march , " said Litterst . "  That is a neat part of the story . "	Gettysburg expects between 200,000 and 300,000 visitors They will watch re-enactments , visit national military park It 's the 150th anniversary of the momentous Civil War battle Much has changed since previous commemorations
CNN Student News  -- April 25 , 2014 From the U.S. to Brazil , this Friday 's edition of CNN Student News covers headlines that have people talking . Leaping across the pond , we tell you how an iconic theater is paying homage to its most famous playwright . And modern robots might look nothing like R2-D2 , but they 're still helping fight crime and save lives . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What credible sources would you consult for information to be included in a news report about a historical site ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What mountain was the site of an avalanche that recently killed 13 people , including some Sherpas who work as guides ? 2 . What is the term for the cost of attending classes at a college ? 3 . What is the only planet in our solar system not named for a Greek or Roman god ? 4 . What is the capital of Ukraine ? 5 . What government body issued a ruling upholding a Michigan ban on affirmative action in the state 's public colleges ? 6 . What natural disaster struck Oso , Washington , one month ago ? 7 . What country was the first stop on President Obama 's current trip to Asia ? 8 . What is the term for the process by which the Catholic Church declares a person to be a saint ? 9 . What Major League Baseball team plays its home games at 100-year-old Wrigley Field ? 10 . What country 's military is patrolling certain slums in advance of this year 's World Cup ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Abandoned workshops and empty warehouses are getting a new lease of life in Cape Town . Spaces that once housed production lines are now becoming creative hotspots for artists , designers and musicians living in a city that holds the title of World Design Capital for 2014 . This urban regeneration might be most true in one of Cape Town 's oldest suburbs : Woodstock . Visitors to the area can see the busy harbor to the north and the majestic Table Mountain to the south . But most people wandering around the area are n't here for the views -- with its craft stores , art markets , theaters and award-winning restaurants , this is a hot address for young urbanites . Based here is also the Old Biscuit Mill , a converted building that has now become a hive of retail activity . "  When we started we knew we had made the best decision to be based in Woodstock specifically , " says Zizi Poswa , a founding partner of Imiso Ceramics , a well-known local pottery collective located at the Old Biscuit Mill . "  After two or three years we realized we 've got to maximize on whatever we do and we 've had a lot of customers coming from overseas to see our work . It 's been good . " Woodstock is also home to an old brewery that has now been turned into an office hub , mostly catering for small advertising and film production firms . "  Buildings in the area really lend themselves to being converted , " says Willem Otten , one of the architects involved in the redesign of the Old Castle Brewery . "  Woodstock used to have a lot of clothing workshops and factories , so the high ceilings and generous spaces really work for the artistic community . " Economic benefits This sector is an important component of South Africa 's economy . The visual arts contribute nearly $ 90 million to the country 's GDP and provide employment to almost 18,000 people , according to the Department of Arts and Culture . But the craft sector is even more significant when it comes to generating income . The sector contributes about $ 985 million annually to GDP and employs approximately 38,000 people . South Africa 's government is trying to build on these areas with its Public Art Program . Minister of Arts and Culture Paul Mashatile has announced a number of partnerships with local community leaders and artists in a bid to stimulate creativity in communities and help beautify areas . Overall , the program is projected to create 5,000 short-term jobs between 2013 and 2015 . One person who is well-aware of the economic potential South African design has to offer is Trevyn McGowan . The company she started with her husband , "  Source , " is all about finding local designers and getting them started in the global market . "  Our design industry is ready , " says McGowan , who 's also the founder of the Southern Guild -- a stable of local talent creating design art and investment pieces . "  A cool market , but in a commercial environment . " Design legacy Her goal is to stimulate the industry and the majority of the work is happening in Woodstock . The regeneration of the area is one of the reasons that the International Council of Societies of Industrial Design has crowed Cape Town the World Design Capital -- a title the city will hold until the end of the year . Past title holders that have received recognition for driving urban development through design include Finland 's capital city Helsinki and Seoul in South Korea . Cape Town is the first city on the African continent to have been given the title , which was first bestowed on Torino in Italy in 2008 . But has the title led to real benefits for the city ? "  There has been a fantastic response , " says Otten . "  There has been an uplifting of the city as people are really making public spaces better . " But there is a sense that the real benefits wo n't be immediately obvious . "  I think this is far more intrinsic and deeper than anybody anticipates and it 's only going to be in years to come that we really see the critical impact that world design capital has had on Cape Town , " says McGowan . "  It 's all very well to want the proof right here and right now but for a young industry , we 're really are doing the best we can and the legacy that 's going to be left behind after the year is over . " This longer-term perspective is also on the mind of Alayne Reesberg , CEO of World Design Capital Cape Town -- the body which implements the requirements of the World Design Capital organization . "  There has been added impetus in 2014 for South African policy-makers to talk about design , " she says . "  City , provincial and national government agencies are convening on design issues and the WDC title has really accelerated those conversations . " As the end of 2014 comes into sight , and with it the close of Cape Town 's reign as World Design Capital , citizens will hope the year in the spotlight will have a lasting impact on the city 's public spaces . Read this : From crime hotspot to hipster hangout Read this : In the driving seat of S. Africa 's economy More from Marketplace Africa	Cape Town is the World Design Capital 2014 Old factories in the Woodstock suburb are being transformed into creative spaces The visual arts contributes nearly $ 90 million to the South African economy
CNN  -- Ash clouds from a Chilean volcano continued to cause numerous flight cancellations in Australia and New Zealand Tuesday for at least one airliner . Australia 's national carrier Qantas said it had canceled flights to and from Adelaide and Tasmania but lifted its ban on flights to and from Melbourne . The airliner has also canceled flights to and from New Zealand Tuesday because of the ash cloud . The company said it would resume flights to and from Adelaide on Wednesday and that all mainland Australian flights would run as scheduled on Wednesday , as well . Virgin Australia announced on its website that flights to those same areas were expected to run on schedule Tuesday . Is Chilean volcanic ash cloud hazardous ? Air New Zealand had no announced cancellations on its website Tuesday . The disturbance was caused after Chile 's Puyehue-Cordon Caulle volcano erupted earlier this month . In 1982 , a British Airways 747 Jumbo suffered severe damage and had all four engines fail when it encountered ash from an Indonesian volcano . The plane was able to restart some engines before making an emergency landing in Jakarta . The U.S. Geological Survey says more than 80 commercial aircraft have unexpectedly encountered volcanic ash in flight and at airports in the past 15 years . Ash ingested by jet engines may lead to the deterioration in performance and engine failure , the U.S. agency says .	NEW : Qantas to resume flights to and from Adelaide on Wednesday Numerous flights canceled in Australia and New Zealand because of ash cloud Chile 's Puyehue-Cordon Caulle volcano erupted last week
NEW YORK  CNN  -- City officials in New York have denied Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's request to visit the site of the destroyed World Trade Center next week , a police spokesman said Wednesday . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad asked to visit ground zero , but New York city officials said no . The controversial , outspoken president wanted to "  pay his respects " and lay a wreath at the site of the 2001 al Qaeda attacks during his visit to the U.N. General Assembly , Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said , citing Iranian officials . But workers are rebuilding the foundations of the site , "  and it would not be possible for him to go where other people do n't go , " Kelly told CNN . Iranian officials have not put in any additional requests to visit the public platforms at ground zero , police spokesman Paul Browne told CNN . But , he said , "  If there were a further request , we 'd reject it " because of security fears . Watch why New York said no to Iranian leader " The Iranian mission to the U.N. said it had not been told of the decision , but in a statement issued Wednesday evening , it called the rejection "  unfortunate . " Iran is ruled by a Shiite Muslim government hostile to the fundamentalist Sunni al Qaeda . Ahmadinejad 's predecessor at the time of the September 11 attacks , Mohammed Khatami , condemned them , and Tehran cooperated with the U.S.-led campaign to topple al Qaeda 's Taliban allies in Afghanistan that followed . The United States and Iran have not had formal diplomatic relations since 1980 after Iranian militants stormed the United States Embassy in Tehran and held Americans hostage for 444 days . The United States considers Iran a state sponsor of terrorism and has accused the country of meddling in Iraq and in Afghanistan where U.S. troops are battling Taliban and al Qaeda remnants more than six years after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . More than 2,700 people died in the attack on the World Trade Center , when al Qaeda terrorists flew hijacked passenger jets into the twin towers . A third jet hit the Pentagon , and a fourth crashed in a Pennsylvania field after passengers resisted their hijackers . "  It is appalling that President Ahmadinejad , one of the world 's leading sponsors of terror , would find it appropriate to visit this hallowed ground , " State Department spokesman Tom Casey said . Several presidential candidates also condemned the requested visit . Hillary Clinton , the New York senator and Democratic front-runner , called the request "  unacceptable . " Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , a leading Republican , called it "  shockingly audacious . " And former Mayor Rudy Giuliani -- whose leadership after the attacks is the cornerstone of his GOP presidential bid -- said that "  under no circumstances " should Ahmadinejad be allowed to visit the World Trade Center site . Zalmay Khalilzad , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said the site should not be "  used as a photo op . " Numerous critics have attacked Ahmadinejad 's hard-line anti-Israel stance and his insistence that Iran will defy U.N. demands that it halt its production of enriched uranium . Iran insists it is producing nuclear fuel for civilian power plants , but Washington accuses Tehran of trying to produce a nuclear bomb . E-mail to a friend CNN Correspondent Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad wanted to visit ground zero New York City officials said no because site is under construction The United States considers Iran a state sponsor of terrorism Leaders call request "  audacious , " "  unacceptable "
"  Culture is not the main reason why most Chinese people leave . This is a romantic view . Most people leave China because of practical reasons like education , food and wealth security and air quality . " This is the view of Li Chen , who moved to Hong Kong from the mainland two years ago . A combination of pragmatism and aspiration led the 32-year-old Masters of Journalism student to leave . He said when his wife was offered the chance to relocate to Hong Kong , the timing for the couple was just right . The move allowed Li to pursue his passion for photography and will earn him his Masters degree from University of Hong Kong . Millions of Chinese share Li 's relocation bug . In 2013 , 8.5 million mainly middle-class Chinese were living abroad , while only 848,000 people had moved to China , according to report by an influential Beijing-based think tank , the Center for China & Globalization  CCG  . The Communist-backed People 's Daily last year called it , "  the world 's worst brain drain . " Waves of Chinese deserting the mainland is nothing new , but this time they 're taking their money and talent with them -- making the new phenomenon a wealth , as well as brain drain . But what 's fueling the exodus and does the Chinese government care enough to reverse the trend ? Wealth preservation Many wealthy Chinese -- business people , investors and even Communist Party officials -- are cutting loose to protect their assets . President Xi Jinping 's vigorous anti-corruption drive is a siren call for the new China , in which cash and connections are no longer a barrier to immunity and prosecution . Guilty or not , some are wondering if they could be the campaign 's next targets -- and rather than linger to find out , they 're transporting themselves , their families and their gains out of China . Among this group are the so-called "  naked officials , " civil servants whose family members live abroad . President Xi recently banned their promotion to prevent them from absconding with public funds . Others choose to quit China because they do n't feel its financial system is sufficiently regulated enough to protect their fortunes . Every year , more want to make the break . Of the rich Chinese surveyed in the 2014 China-based Hurun Report , 64 % said they were emigrating , or planning to do so this year -- 4 % more than last year . Their ticket out of China is chiefly via foreign investor visas offered by developed countries like the United States , Britain and Australia . But the programs are not without controversy . The Canadian immigration department recently ditched its flagship scheme , which offered permanent residency in return for a $ 719,000 interest-free loan to the government , thanks to a massive backlog of applications and domestic opposition . Jean-Christian Brillant , consul and spokesperson from the Canadian Consulate General in Hong Kong and Macau , told CNN that the demographic was n't a good fit for Canada . "  Research shows that immigrant investors pay less in taxes than other economic immigrants and are less likely to stay in Canada over the medium - to long-term . "  They often lack the skills , including official language proficiency , to integrate as well as other immigrants from the same countries . " Li , a businesswoman from Beijing , submitted her application for the investor visa scheme two years ago in the hope it would help her firm and support her child 's education . "  The news was a blow , " she told the state-run Xinhua news agency . "  This does not change my decision . Canada remains my top choice . The United States and Australia are also good options . " Education and jobs Other than wealth preservation , "  people also go  abroad  for opportunities , quality of life , and where their skills are better valued , " said David Zweig , a professor and specialist in China 's human resources at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . As the Chinese saying goes , "  painting on a little gold , " or obtaining a foreign education , is a highly prized maneuver . Given the chance , many postgraduate Chinese students -- and in particular Ph.D students -- choose to stay put overseas , at least in the mid-term . Li , a journalism masters student , said "  I like the culture in Hong Kong , it 's open and free . It 's unlikely this type of atmosphere will take root in China anytime soon . " The system of guanxi , or connections required to procure a decent job , also puts people off returning . Pan Xiao , a part-time student and publishing company employee , said , "  In Hong Kong , I can find a job by myself , not through my father , my mother , or my uncle . " Health is wealth Meanwhile , unbridled economic growth has brought a string of food and environmental scares in its wake . Smog from pollution has reached levels hazardous to human health and blanketed the capital Beijing and much of northeast China in recent months , prompting Premier Li Keqiang to declare a "  war on pollution . " Those who can afford to exit are considering their options very seriously . "  High net earners cite wealth preservation , education for their children , food and environmental security as the main reasons for considering investment immigration , " said Jennifer Zeng , a private wealth expert from management consulting firm Bain & Company . Waging a talent war How damaging for China is this wealth and brain drain ? Wang Huiyao , the director of The Center for China & Globalization , said the phenomenon threatens China 's long-term economic transformation . He 's urging the Chinese government to set up an immigration bureau and encourage more skilled foreigners to immigrate into China . "  The U.S. is selecting talent from 7.9 billion people , but we are from only 1.3 billion , " he said . Zweig , a specialist in China 's human resources said that China 's leaders are acutely conscious of the brain deficit , particularly at the upper end of the academic pyramid . "  China is waging a talent war -- it 's the most active state in the world in terms of reversing migration , " he said . Hoping to lure back the brightest heads , the government 's "  Thousand Talent Program , " targets top tier academics , scientists and entrepreneurs . But the program , which was launched in 2009 , has had limited success . Zweig says that although entrepreneurs are returning to a newly vibrant culture of venture capital , China has not been successful in getting others back . Yet , the Center for China & Globalization contends the takeoff overseas has its upside . Migration establishes a pool of Chinese expertise and connections abroad . From there the Chinese can understand and learn from more developed nations and put this knowledge and expertise to good use when they return . For now , Li , a student , said he can not be cast as a "  sea-turtle , " the Chinese term for returnees . "  The hardest thing was to leave friends and family , but I have no plans to return to the mainland . "	China sees 8.5 million mainly middle-class living abroad with less than 10 % moving in Paper in China calls exodus "  the world 's worst brain drain "
A prominent Saudi cleric has created a storm of controversy by appearing on a popular television show alongside his wife , whose face was uncovered , challenging a fundamental religious tradition in the conservative kingdom . Sheikh Ahmed al-Ghamdi once headed the religious police in the Muslim holy city of Mecca , but now says the full-face veil imposed on all women in the country is not imperative in Islam . "  No one is saying that it is not allowed for a woman to cover her face , but I am saying that it is not obligatory and I have evidence in jurisprudence of this , " al-Ghamdi told Badria al-Bishr , the female host of the television program . He explained that people became confused about ancient texts that mentioned the head scarf and the robe that women were commanded to wear . "  Later , people confused the hijab , which was imposed only on the wives of the Prophet Mohammed , with what Allah imposed on Muslim women in general , " al-Ghamdi said . The bold statements contest Saudi Arabia 's image as a nation of women clad in loose black garb known as abayas and peering through a face veil , or niqab , from behind the required male guardian . "  My message to Sheikh al-Ghamdi is to fear God , " Saudi Arabia 's Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al Sheikh told the Saudi news site Sabq . "  You should ask repentance from God , and to back away from this mistake before you meet God with these sins . " Although the country 's laws do not require the niqab , women who appear in public with uncovered faces may face harassment from religious police or even bystanders for ignoring the custom . "  Happy now ? Every mobile phone now has a picture of your wife , you pimp , " one outraged post on Twitter read . On the show , Al-Ghamdi 's wife was dressed in a traditional black abaya , but also wore makeup , sported stylish sunglasses and carried a Michael Kors purse as she spoke about the struggles her family faced . "  This definitely affects us both positively and negatively , " said Jawaher bint Al-Sheikh Ali . "  Our children sometimes complain that fellow students and even teachers challenge them and start arguing with them . Sometimes this affects them psychologically . " In the past , the controversial cleric -- who is despised by more conservative religious figures -- has said that women may go out in public without a male guardian , wear makeup and even mingle with the opposite sex in appropriate environments , all violations of custom in Saudi Arabia . "  When Sheikh Al-Ghamdi and I put this episode on air , our aim was not to clash with social beliefs and established norms which were not discussed before but to create a balance in opinions within our society , " al-Bishr , the host of the program , told sister network Al Arabiya on Monday . A photograph of al-Ghamdi sitting between his wife , who wore colored clothing , and a blonde woman in a sleeveless dress -- which was allegedly snapped during a visit to Euorpe -- spread on social media as critics tried to discredit the sheikh . The longstanding debate plays out beyond the Gulf state and across the Islamic world , where most mainstream religious leaders argue that the face veil stems from tribal tradition rather than Sharia law . That 's also the view of Cairo 's al-Azhar University , the highest seat of Sunni Islam scholarship . "  Some foolish people need to stop their accusations to senior Salafi scholars and describing them with ignorance , " Sheikh Adel al-Kalbani , a former senior imam of the Grand Mosque in Mecca , said in a tweet defending the couple 's television appearance . "  Choose what you want and hold your tongue . " After online users shared the weekend interview widely , racking up over a million views on YouTube , al-Ghamdi told the newspaper al-Watan he has received death threats for his wife 's public appearance . "  For those who accuse me of wanting celebrity or fame , accuse me of worse than that , this is not the issue , " al-Ghamdi said to critics in the Saturday interview . "  Keep your opinions , but do not judge me on them . Instead , debate me on my argument . "	Sheikh Ahmed al-Ghamdi was formerly the head of religious police in Mecca He 's no stranger to controversy : He 's said previously that women can wear makeup Since his wife appeared with no veil , al-Ghamdi said he 's gotten death threats
Santa Barbara , California  CNN  -- I first heard of Dream Foundation in 1997 when the charity requested a visit to Graceland for a dream recipient . After the visit , I received a thank-you note and photo of the dreamer in front of the Graceland gates . I was moved by her experience and decided I wanted to get more involved , so I picked up the phone to find out more about the foundation . I was absolutely mesmerized and instantly attached to their unique mission of granting wishes to adults with terminal illnesses . When I was asked to be an ambassador and spokeswoman for the charity , I could n't say yes fast enough . How could I turn down such a great cause ? I 've been honored to travel and represent the organization across the country at special events and corporate meetings , as well as in public service announcements , television and print interviews . But the best part of my "  job " is seeing the hands-on attention and care we give to the people we serve . There 's a common misperception that all the dreams we fulfill are for grand vacations . But many requests are profoundly basic : Pay a utility bill , or provide mobility with a scooter . No matter the scale of the dream -- whether it 's a peaceful escape to the beach , a long-delayed family reunion or an appliance that works -- every one is touching and heartwarming because it unites people . Dreams provide comfort and closure , not only to the recipients , but to their family members as well . Ill parents often want nothing more than to see their kids smiling and having fun again . In turn , these dreams also give children an opportunity to see their parents happy , carefree and outside of the hospital 's sterile environment . One dreamer really stands out in my mind : Helena , a young girl of 23 with cancer . She had a beautiful voice and wanted to be a singer . The Dream Foundation contacted Grammy award-winning songwriter Diane Warren and got permission for Helena to record a song in Diane 's studio . When Helena played the recording back , it was heartwarming to see her smile and be so full of joy . The song not only made Helena happy , but her family happy as well , knowing her dream had been fulfilled . How can you beat that ? After Helena passed , her husband was left with that precious recording to help remember her by . To this day , he still calls and thanks the Dream Foundation for granting his wife 's wish . I 've been blessed to work with Dream Foundation . The organization has impacted me in so many ways . I think when you see and experience someone 's dream with them , it lives on within you . It 's life-changing . We all have problems , but we have to stop thinking of ourselves and focus on the bigger picture . There are people suffering all over the world , and we can make life a little bit better -- even if only for a moment -- one dream at a time .	Dream Foundation grants wishes to terminally ill people 18 years and older Most dreams are simple and involve spending quality time with family You can support the charity by donating time , cash or even airline miles
CNN  -- Mourners packed into a church in Illinois Monday to remember a woman whose death made headlines worldwide . At the St. Rita of Cascia Shrine Chapel in Chicago , a funeral was held for Dawn Brancheau , a SeaWorld trainer who died last week after a killer whale dragged her underwater at Shamu Stadium in Orlando , Florida . A memorial service for the 40-year-old will take place in Orlando , Florida , at a future date , according to the Blake Lamb Funeral Home . Brancheau had wanted to be an animal trainer from the time she visited SeaWorld as a 9-year-old , her sister Diane Gross said last week . "  It was her dream job , " Gross said . "  She loved the animals like they were her own children . ... She loved what she did . " Brancheau was pulled underwater Wednesday at SeaWorld Orlando , when a 6-ton killer whale named Tilikum grabbed her ponytail . A source at SeaWorld said the whale dove deep underwater after seizing Brancheau . Trainers had to wrangle the animal into a smaller pool before they could retrieve her body about 40 minutes later . The same whale was linked previously to two other human deaths . Tilikum and two other whales were involved in the 1991 drowning of a trainer at a marine park in Victoria , British Columbia . The trainer fell into the whale tank at Sealand of the Pacific and was dragged underwater as park visitors watched . In 1999 , Tilikum was blamed for the death of a 27-year-old man whose body was found floating in a tank at SeaWorld , the apparent victim of the whale 's "  horseplay , " authorities said then . Labor Department spokesman Mike Wald said the safety and health agency is looking into whether Occupational Safety and Health Administration workplace standards were violated in Brancheau 's death . The agency will complete a report within six months , he said . If workplace infractions are found , OSHA will propose financial penalties , Wald said . If that happens , the company could accept the penalties and make needed workplace changes or appeal the penalties before an OSHA review commission . Inspectors also are looking into the incident from an animal-welfare perspective , said David Sacks , an Agriculture Department spokesman . The Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service wants to know whether federal standards were violated in the exhibiting of warm-blooded mammals . SeaWorld shows with killer whales resumed on Saturday .	NEW : Mourners pack Dawn Brancheau 's funeral at church in Chicago , Illinois The animal trainer died last week after whale dragged her underwater at SeaWorld Memorial services to be held later in Orlando , Florida
CNN  -- The financial crisis has driven a wedge through Europe , with two economies emerging and -- more dangerously -- a psychological split between the north and the south , European leaders have told CNN . Jean-Claude Trichet , former president of the European Central Bank , Mario Monti , former prime minister of Italy , and Joaquin Almunia , EU competition commissioner , joined CNN 's Richard Quest to debate if the crisis had fractured the region , both economically and socially . Trichet , who headed France 's Banque de France before joining the ECB , said a two-speed economy was emerging , but that could be seen as a "  major rebalancing . " When he began at the ECB in 2003 , Germany was the sick man of Europe due to its lack of competitiveness , Trichet said . The country has since emerged as the eurozone 's power player , and a lead negotiator in the four-year old financial crisis . According to Trichet , Europe has been adjusting after "  countries that went too far too rapidly , had bubbles and so forth ... now those countries that were growing extremely fast , abnormally fast , -LSB- and -RSB- a lot of them are correcting . " However , member countries are not always going at the "  same time , at the same speed , " Trichet said . Monti who stepped up as Italy 's "  technocrat " prime minister after the country 's economic instability forced the resignation of Silvio Berlusconi , told Quest his greater concern was the prospect of a two class Europe . READ MORE : Could euroskeptics spoil Angela Merkel 's party ? "  The crisis has been managed very , very poorly in my view as regards the psychology , and the eurozone crisis has generated a backlash against integration , " Monti said . This "  psychological conflict of north versus south and vice versa , this needs to be tackled . " Trichet echoed the concerns , telling Quest such a split was "  absolutely unacceptable . " "  If we had , in the past , fully implemented the rules including the stability and growth pact , and what was badly needed -- control and monitoring of competitiveness -- we would n't have two class Europe , " he said . Almunia , meanwhile , said his fear was that "  after the crisis those who were , at the beginning of this crisis , at the bottom , would continue to be at the bottom . " However , he added , that would not happen if the countries in recession "  do what they have started to do and ... continue to do -LSB- it -RSB- . " Germany 's emergence as power player Germany emerged as an economic force after labor reforms were implemented under its then-chancellor Gerhard Schroder . Now , its export-led economy drives the 17-nation eurozone , with Chancellor Angela Merkel -- battling for third term in this weekend 's federal elections -- a central figure during Europe 's crisis . Merkel 's popularity remains high in Germany , and her party , the Christian Democratic Union , is expected to gain the most votes . Merkel 's leadership during the crisis saw her named as the world 's most powerful woman by Forbes three years in a row . Efforts to combat the crisis included the implementation of bailout funds , closer fiscal cooperation and austerity measures . READ MORE : It 's the economy , Dummkopf When asked if Germany is taking over Europe , Monti replied that the continent 's largest economy would have more dominance if it had retained the deutsche mark "  because they would then become the only relevant monetary policy power in Europe . " As it is , Germany remains shackled to the weaker countries in the euro , many of which continue to struggle with spiralling unemployment , high national debts and growing political instability . Greece , Portugal , Cyprus and Ireland have received over 400 billion euros  $ 534 billion  in bailout packages from the euro-area 's rescue funds . Last year European finance ministers approved a 39.5 billion euro  $ 51.6 billion  lifeline for Spain 's banks , struggling after the property bubble went bust . Yet Spain and Greece still have unemployment above 27 % . Portugal and Ireland are also struggling with chronic unemployment . Anti-austerity protesters in the worst-hit nations have held demonstrations against government cuts and the lack of jobs , with many turning violent . And Eurostat 's 2013 growth forecasts for eurozone nations show a growing chasm between the region 's prosperous north and its struggling south . READ MORE : German Finance Minister , on the campaign trail Germany is expected to post 0.4 % growth this year while all the Mediterranean countries ' economies are likely to contract . The imbalance had created a system "  where the creditor nations rule and impose their conditions and the others are subservient to that , " Paul de Grauwe , a professor at the London School of Economics , told CNN . "  At some point , these countries will not continue to accept this recipe . " The common currency 's future Public opinion continues to support the political push to integrate the eurozone , Almunia said . Discontent shown by the region 's constituents is "  with the way the European institutions tried to solve the problems , " he said . Indeed , despite efforts to tie the bloc closer , debate continues around the potential for worst affected countries to exit the common currency . Such an outcome has been decried in the past but could , according to European School of Management and Technology faculty member Jan Hagen , be of benefit . Hagen said the bloc needed to "  go for strong political integration , to basically create a single market or a strong fiscal policy , or get rid of the euro . " Otherwise , Hagen said , "  my fear is ... . people in these countries that have problems will turn violently against Europe . " Meanwhile , according to Monti , the region 's leaders must work more closely together . Leaders who applaud decisions made in Brussels only to criticize them from home turf are playing a dangerous game , he said . "  This Europe bashing is , of course , very dangerous ... because it 's simply a dishonest game of shifting the responsibility where it does not belong , " Monti told Quest . And , as Trichet noted during the debate : "  This is no time for complacency for Europe ... it 's absolutely clear we have very hard work to do , very , very hard work , and things will remain difficult for a while . " Richard Quest , Oliver Joy and Irene Chapple contributed to this report	The crisis has driven a wedge through Europe , with two economies emerging and a psychological split , leaders say Jean-Claude Trichet , Mario Monti and Joaquin Almunia joined Richard Quest to debate the region 's future They feared a two class Europe more than a two economy Europe They say there is still long hard road ahead of Europe before it recovers
CNN  -- Police are examining grainy hotel surveillance video and following up on new leads , including a reported sighting , in the case of a 17-year-old girl who traveled to Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , for spring break last week and then disappeared . Brittanee Marie Drexel 's mother says she thought her daughter was at a beach in New York , not South Carolina . The possible sighting of Brittanee Drexel was on a bus Wednesday morning in the Myrtle Beach area , according to police , who later showed photos of her to passengers . As investigators try to build a timeline of the events leading to Brittanee 's disappearance Saturday night , they are also scrutinizing hotel security video for signs of a young woman in distress , or other clues . Brittanee 's mother , Dawn Drexel , told HLN 's Nancy Grace that she had forbidden the Rochester , New York , high school junior from going to Myrtle Beach , a popular destination for high school and college students on spring break . Although they stayed in touch by phone and spoke on Saturday , Drexel said she believed the girl was in Rochester when she actually was in Myrtle Beach . "  I did n't have any idea that she was going to do this , " Drexel said . "  I do trust my daughter , and she needed to cool down a little bit because she was upset that I was n't going to let her go . " Drexel said her daughter rode there in a car with several friends . She thinks Brittanee used money she had earned and borrowed to finance her trip .	Police show girl 's photo to bus passengers after reported sighting Brittanee Drexel , 17 , went to Myrtle Beach , S.C. , without mother 's permission Rochester , N.Y. , high school junior last seen on Saturday night
Washington  CNN  -- Gaby Pacheco calls herself an aspiring U.S. citizen who is compiling the paperwork and trying to get the $ 465 needed to apply for a two-year reprieve from getting deported . James D. Doebler says his superiors at U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement are threatening to suspend him for putting an arrested illegal immigrant into the hearing process that could lead to deportation . The two are on opposite sides of a lawsuit filed this week by Doebler and nine other ICE agents that challenges a new Obama administration policy intended to remove the threat of deportation faced by young illegal immigrants who arrived in America as children and have good student or military records . Doebler and his fellow complainants argue the new policy on immigration law enforcement exceeds the administration 's authority and puts ICE agents in the position of facing disciplinary action for doing their jobs . "  They 're in a position now that 's just untenable , " argued Roy Beck of NumbersUSA , an advocacy group for more restrictive immigration that is bankrolling the lawsuit . The goal of the lawsuit is to force a court ruling on whether the new administration policy is legal , Beck told CNN on Friday . If so , then the ICE agents are protected ; and if not , the case would halt what the former journalist called a harmful influx of illegal workers at a time when young Americans are struggling to find jobs . "  Obviously , we would not be pleased if they say this is a legal order , " Beck said , adding : "  We do believe strongly that the president does n't have the right to do this . " Pacheco and others reject the premise of the lawsuit , calling it a politically motivated effort to undermine the "  deferred action " directive by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano that went into full effect last week . "  I think they 're using this as a political plan to rally the voters in election season , " said Pacheco , the political director of United We Dream , an advocacy group for young illegal immigrants like herself . A statement by AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said the lawsuit lacked a sound legal basis , noting that "  over 100 of the nation 's top constitutional and immigration law scholars signed on to a letter " attesting to the constitutionality of the new administration policy . Trumka 's statement added that the suing agents "  are working with some of the most anti-immigrant forces in the country ; forces that have long sowed division and destruction . " The agents are represented by Kris Kobach , the Republican Kansas secretary of state who worked on Arizona 's controversial immigration law and is an informal adviser to presumed Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , according to NumbersUSA . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Friday that the lawsuit lacked legal merit . "  I ca n't imagine any judge would even give them standing to file the case , much less decide it on the merits , " Toobin said . "  I am unaware of any law that allows federal employees to challenge the legality of the actions of their superiors . " Filed Thursday in federal court in Dallas , the lawsuit challenges the two-year deferred action policy of the Obama administration , as well the policy of "  prosecutorial discretion , " in which ICE agents are supposed to focus their attention on dangerous criminals who are illegal immigrants . In a nutshell , the agents involved do not want to obey the new policies and do not want to face any disciplinary actions or lawsuits if they continue to arrest any type of immigrant who is in the United States illegally . "  We are federal law enforcement officers who are being ordered to break the law , " said Chris Crane , one of the agents filing suit and the president of the ICE agents and officers union . "  This directive puts ICE agents and officers in a horrible position . " According to the lawsuit , Doebler "  arrested an alien who was unlawfully present in the United States and issued the alien an NTA  notice to appear  , contrary to the general directions of his supervisors that he should decline to issue NTAs to certain illegal aliens . " "  Plaintiff Doebler was issued a Notice of Proposed Suspension , " the lawsuit says . "  Plaintiff Doebler is facing a three-day suspension for arresting and processing the alien for a hearing rather than exercising the ` prosecutorial discretion ' commanded by his supervisors . Plaintiff Doebler requested a written directive ordering him not to issue the NTA . His supervisors have refused to give him a written directive and would not sign any paperwork authorizing the use of ` prosecutorial discretion . ' " Now , the lawsuit says , Doebler "  reasonably fears , based on his past experience , that if he follows the requirements of federal law , contrary to the ` Directive , ' and arrests an alien or issues the alien an NTA , he will be disciplined again . He reasonably fears that a second disciplinary action will result in the loss of his job . " Matt Chandler , a spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security , responded Thursday that the department "  uses prosecutorial discretion to assist in focusing vigorously on the removal of individuals who are convicted criminals , repeat immigration law violators , and recent border-crossers . " In fiscal year 2011 , ICE removed 216,000 criminal illegal immigrants , Chandler said , adding that it was the largest annual figure in history and an 89 % increase over the administration of President George W. Bush . The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals decision is a temporary measure until Congress takes action on reforming immigration policies , Chandler continued , adding that it "  ensures that responsible young people , who are Americans in every way but on paper , have an opportunity to remain in the country and make their fullest contribution . " Pacheco , who came to America with her parents from Ecuador at the age of 8 , described herself in similar terms . She graduated from Miami Dade College and now wants to get a master 's degree , she said . "  We speak the language . We are part of the fabric of this nation , " she said . "  This is my home . They are telling me that I do not belong , that I am not American . " President Barack Obama made a similar point in announcing the policy change in June , calling the decision to halt deportations of people like Pacheco "  the right thing to do . " Under the new policy , the Obama administration will give a two-year deferral from deportation to illegal immigrants who entered the United States as children if they are younger than 30 , arrived in the country before the age of 16 , pose no criminal or security threat , and were successful students or served in the military . Supporters stress the plan does not grant immunity or provide a shortcut to citizenship , but instead affords undocumented immigrant children a chance to be productive workers while removing the threat of deportation for two years . Opponents say the policy amounts to granting backdoor amnesty to people who came to America illegally and tightening an already poor job market for young Americans . As many as 1.7 million youths may qualify for the program , according to the Pew Hispanic Center , a project of the Pew Research Center . The deferred deportation policy includes some of the provisions of a Democratic proposal called the DREAM Act that failed to win enough Republican support to become law . Obama made clear that the new policy was intended to be a temporary step until Congress passes a more comprehensive immigration law that addresses the situation of young illegal immigrants who have essentially grown up as Americans . Beck called such an approach misguided . "  We 're going to do something that 's not allowed by law in order to get Congress to pass something which they have defeated repeatedly , " he said . "  It 's just such an abuse of power . " His group raised $ 100,000 for the lawsuit Thursday , Beck said , adding that he expected the case to cost "  a few hundred thousand dollars . " "  If it goes to the Supreme Court , who knows ? " he added . CNN 's Carol Cratty and William Mears contributed to this report .	Ten immigration agents challenge the administration over halting some deportations Legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin : The lawsuit has no legal standing At issue is a move to allow children of illegal immigrants to study and work in America Opponents of the policy call it backdoor amnesty
CNN  -- Another child has been infected with a rare , brain-eating parasite , less than a month after an Arkansas girl ended up in a hospital , fighting for her life . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed another case of this amoeba , called Naegleria fowleri , in Florida , a spokesman told CNN Tuesday . The patient is 12-year-old Zachary Reyna , his family told CNN affiliate WBBH . Reyna 's family told WBBH that Reyna was kneeboarding with friends in a water-filled ditch by his house on August 3 . He slept the entire next day . Reyna is an active seventh grader , his family said , so sleeping that much was unusual . His mother took him to the hospital immediately . He had brain surgery , and doctors diagnosed him with primary amoebic meningoencephalitis , according to WBBH . The family said he is currently in the intensive care unit at the Miami Children 's Hospital . The CDC says it has been in touch with the patient 's doctors and has released the same experimental anti-amoeba drug used to treat 12-year-old Kali Hardig in Arkansas . Reyna 's family told WBBH he is also being treated with an antifungal medicine and antibiotics . Getting this parasite is extremely rare ; between 2001 and 2010 there were only 32 reported cases in the United States , according to the CDC . Most of the cases are in the Southeast . The cases are nearly always deadly , but Hardig 's case is giving the Reyna family some hope . The Arkansas girl was infected with the same rare , brain-eating parasite a couple of weeks ago and was in the intensive care unit at Arkansas Children 's Hospital . She is now in rehab , which is "  really a great sign for her , " hospital spokesman Tom Bonner said Tuesday . She is listed in fair condition . Hardig has shown so much progress that she can now sign her own name , her mother , Traci Hardig , told Bonner . Kali ca n't talk yet because of a sore throat from the breathing tube and the general grogginess she feels from medication , Bonner said . Hardig 's doctors are in largely uncharted territory . Of 128 known cases in the past half-century , just two patients have survived an infection caused by this microscopic organism , according to the CDC . Naegleria fowleri is found in hot springs and warm , fresh water , most often in the southeastern United States . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . There is no danger of infection from drinking contaminated water , the CDC says . "  This infection is one of the most severe infections that we know of , " Dr. Dirk Haselow of the Arkansas Department of Health told CNN affiliate WMC about Hardig 's case . "  Ninety-nine percent of people who get it die . " Why ` nightmare bacteria ' on the rise Dr. Sanjiv Pasala , one of Hardig 's attending physicians , says doctors immediately started treating Hardig with a new experimental anti-amoeba drug they received directly from the CDC . They also reduced the girl 's feverish body temperature to 93 degrees . Doctors have used that technique in some brain injury cases as a way to preserve undamaged brain tissue . Several weeks ago , doctors checked the girl 's cerebral spinal fluid and could not find any presence of the amoeba . Willow Springs Water Park in Little Rock is the most likely source of Hardig 's infection , the Arkansas Department of Health says . Another case of the same parasite was reported in 2010 and was possibly linked to Willow Springs , a three-acre sand-bottom , spring-fed lake . "  Based on the occurrence of two cases of this rare infection in association with the same body of water and the unique features of the park , the ADH has asked the owner of Willow Springs to voluntarily close the water park to ensure the health and safety of the public , " the health department said . Willow Springs ' website says its water is pH-balanced , chemically treated , chlorinated and routinely monitored by the health department . What 's in your pool water ? The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the CDC . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the government agency 's website states . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " Here are some tips from the CDC to help lower the risk of infection : • Avoid swimming in fresh water when the water temperature is high and the water level is low . • Hold your nose shut or use nose clips . • Avoid stirring up the sediment while wading in shallow , warm freshwater areas . • If you are irrigating , flushing or rinsing your sinuses  for example , by using a neti pot  , use water that has been distilled or sterilized . CNN 's John Bonifield and Caleb Hellerman contributed to this story .	NEW : Family says Zachary Reyna is receiving same drugs as Kali Hardig Arkansas girl is now in rehab in fair condition , the hospital says Both Reyna and Hardig contracted a rare , brain-eating parasite called Naegleria fowleri
CNN  -- When Cristina Behrens travels to Santa Barbara , CA , to see clients , she likes to stay somewhere that 's convenient for meetings and -- almost more important -- convenient to a morning jog on the beach . After trying just about every top-notch hotel in the city , the L.A.-based investment manager was surprised that her favorite -- the Hotel Oceana -- cost as little as $ 139 a night . "  My assistant booked me there for the first time about five years ago , " Behrens says . "  I have not stayed anywhere else since . " In most beach destinations , hotel rates rise exponentially the closer you get to the shore . But it 's a mistake to assume that any place on the water will carry four-star prices -- or high-end accommodations . With that in mind , we collected a group of hotel gems scattered along both coasts that met two criteria : value and thoughtful charm . Read on for a list of seaside hotels across the U.S. under $ 200 . SeaCrest OceanFront Hotel , Pismo Beach , CA When the SeaCrest Motel first opened in the early 1960s , it was the only beachfront hotel in this dune-buggy-loving town . After various additions and ownership changes over the years , the 158-room SeaCrest reemerged in 2007 with a bright , retro-mod décor as well as a free breakfast , pool , fire pits , patio couches , and a staircase down to a quiet stretch of sand . Located on the Pacific 101 , it also makes an easy launching pad for exploring the wine country or visiting Hearst Castle , 50 miles away . Even in the high-season summer , rates start as low as $ 219 . Doubles from $ 119 ; seacrestpismo.com . Hotel Oceana , Santa Barbara , CA You do n't really find hotels right on the sand in Santa Barbara , but this bougainvillea-covered boutique property is about as close as it gets : the beach is right across the street . Spread over six small buildings , the Spanish-style hotel has a shabby-chic vibe with rooms decorated in garden-like pinks , oranges , and greens and easy-open windows that let in the steady breeze . There are also lush courtyards , two outdoor pools , and complimentary beach-cruiser bicycles , and it 's an easy walk or ride to the heart of downtown and the train station . Even though the lobby has a free breakfast , dinner fans may be tempted by the original  and last remaining  Sambo 's -- an old coffee-shop chain from the 1960s -- right next door . Season does matter here : at the height of summer , rates start at $ 289 . Doubles from $ 139 ; hoteloceanasantabarbara.com . Travel + Leisure : America 's best little beach towns La Casa del Camino , Laguna Beach , CA In a neighborhood with resorts that have starting rates of $ 600-plus a night , this little hotel is unique in more ways than one . The 36-room , Mediterranean-style property opened in 1929 as a Hollywood star magnet and today has sumptuous , Spanish-style rooms as well as a collection of 10 eye-popping , surf-inspired suites , such as the Billabong and the Roxy . Low-season rates for the Surf Suites inch a little over $ 200 , and you can still get standard rooms at right around $ 200 even during peak summer months . Doubles from $ 139 . lacasadelcamino.com . The Palms Hotel & Spa , Miami Beach , FL Low season in South Beach means easier access to this sleek , 251-room hotel with a sand-and-surf-inspired décor : a dark brown , cream , and orange palette , along with mosaic tiles and , in the bathrooms , rain-shower heads . The chic ambience extends to the cabanas by the pool and beach service that includes lounge chairs , umbrellas , towels , and fabulous cocktails  from raspberry mojitos to the popular Pain Killer , a mix of rum , pineapple juice , OJ , cream of coconut , and nutmeg  . During peak season , starting rates run as low as $ 198 . Doubles from $ 153 . thepalmshotel.com . Azul del Mar , Key Largo , FL This six-suite , Art Deco villa exudes enough timeless elegance for Bogie-and-Bacall types , but it also has an earthy splendor . Lawns are covered with key lime bushes and frangipani , rooms come with their own granite-counter-topped kitchenettes , and you 're just a few steps from the John Pennekamp Coral Reef State Park . Look to the innkeepers to hook you up with scuba , fishing , and kayaking trips ; if you happen to catch a nice mahimahi , they 'll let you cook it up on the house grill . During high season , rates still start at a reasonable $ 229 . Doubles from $ 139 . azulkeylargo.com . Travel + Leisure : World 's most amazing restaurants with a view B Ocean , Fort Lauderdale , FL Ocean views are par for the course at this spare but pretty 240-room hotel -- proving that hotels with hip one-letter names need not cost multiple dollar signs . Rooms have crisp , white-on-white furnishings with aqua-hued accents , and the hotel has an on-site gym , sushi bar , and free Wi-Fi . It also offers a fun twist on wine tasting : the B'stro on the Beach has an Enomatic wine machine , where a prepaid card  typically ranging from $ 5 to $ 20  entitles you to up to three self-serve pours , ranging from tastes to full glasses . Snowbirds , beware of seasonal sticker shock : winter-spring rates start at $ 299 a night . Doubles from $ 149 ; bhotelsandresorts.com . Postcard Inn , St. Pete Beach , FL This motel from the 1950s sits on a six-mile island off the Gulf Coast about a half hour southwest of Tampa International Airport . When the 196-room property was renovated into a boutique hotel in 2009 , it took on a distinct hipster sensibility : rooms are decorated with vintage longboards , locally snapped surf photos , and groovy lamps . You can book packages that include kite-flying or stand-up paddleboarding ; the hotel also has a pool , shuffleboard , and the PCI Bar and Grill , a gourmet comfort-food restaurant . Order the signature Sticky Ribs or the bacon flavor of the day , such as garlic herb or cherry whiskey . In spring , rates start at $ 229 . Doubles from $ 129 . postcardinn.com . Travel + Leisure : 25 things you did n't know about Disney parks The Georgianne Inn , Tybee Island , GA This barrier island , a half hour from Savannah , has plenty of old-school activities , from bicycling along the sand dunes or the causeway , with osprey or herons overhead , to watching for dolphins from a sailboat or kayak . The charming seven-room inn dates back to 1910 as a home -- a father built the beach house for his daughter -- and started life as an inn in 1921 . It 's just three houses away from the beach , and stays include beach chairs , boogie boards , and bikes for guests ' use . Five of the rooms are actually suites with full kitchens -- perfect for extended-stay folks who like B&B charm but want breakfast-table autonomy . Even in the high season , rates start at a reasonable $ 125 a night . Doubles from $ 75 ; georgianneinn.com . The Ocean Lodge , Cannon Beach , OR Even though this hotel on Oregon 's rocky northern coast was built in 2002 , its 1940s style -- a stone-and-timber exterior and big verandas -- evokes an old-school resort feeling . Its beach location is within steps of a 235-foot basalt monolith , Haystack Rock , and it 's an easy walk into town . Rooms have fireplaces , balconies , and two distinctive bits of Portlandia-esque charm : you can bring your dog  designated pet rooms have direct beach access  , and rooms are stocked with locally roasted Sleepy Monk coffee . Summer rates start at $ 249 . Doubles from $ 199 . theoceanlodge.com . Dunes on the Waterfront , Ogunquit , ME Thanks to a slew of homey white cottages , wide green lawns , and huge blue-sky views , this low-key escape has loads of repeat guests . Located in southern Maine on the Ogunquit River , the 12-acre Dunes has 17 rooms , each with a pair of Adirondack chairs , as well as 19 cottages that up the ante with their own screened-in porches . The beach is just across the river , which , depending on the tide , is either a short walk or rowboat ride away . The inn also has direct access to trails , fishing from the docks , and a trolley that will take you into town . Doubles from $ 175 ; dunesonthewaterfront.com . See all of the U.S. beachfront hotels under $ 200 Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	California offers a crop of beachfront hotels under $ 200 Pismo Beach 's first oceanfront hotel sports a retro-mod interior Affordable rooms can even be found in South Beach in peak season
State College , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Penn State students and alumni held a candlelight vigil late Sunday to honor and remember Joe Paterno , the iconic former football coach . Paterno , 85 , died Sunday at a State College , Pennsylvania , hospital , according to his family . He had been suffering from lung cancer and had recently broken his pelvis . "  It is with great sadness that we announce that Joe Paterno passed away earlier today , " said the statement . "  His loss leaves a void in our lives that will never be filled . " Students braved freezing temperatures to attend the vigil on the lawn of the Old Main building on Penn State 's campus . They held candles , locked arms , and sung the school 's alma mater to say goodbye . Later , they walked over to a statue of Paterno outside Beaver Stadium , which has become a sort of makeshift memorial . "  He 's more than a coach ; his family 's more than a family , " said Bethanna Edmiston , a local resident and alumna who met her husband at Penn State . "  It 's extremely difficult for the whole Nittany nation , " she said . "  Unless you 're part of Penn State , you just do n't understand what it means . " Share your thoughts on Paterno 's death Earlier on Sunday , many fans were seen crying as they stood at the statue . It features Paterno with his index finger outstretched in the "  No. 1 " gesture . A quote from Paterno , who spent 61 years at Penn State , is on the wall behind the statue . "  They ask me what I 'd like written about me when I 'm gone , " the quote says . "  I hope they write I made Penn State a better place , not just that I was a good football coach . " Edmiston said she moved to State College at age 8 , as Paterno took the reins at Penn State . "  Our family thanks Penn Staters , students & all people for prayers & support for my Dad , " Paterno 's son , Jay Paterno , tweeted Sunday , "  He felt your support in his fight . " Family statement : "  He fought hard until the end " The gathering at the statue has been ongoing since Saturday night , after a family spokesman said Paterno 's condition had worsened . Some shoveled snow so others could walk up and touch Paterno 's outstretched hand on his statue . Signs , flowers and candles surrounded the statue , along with photographs of Paterno . "  You 're our hero , " one said . Another one , flanked by candles , simply said : "  Coach . " Jay Paterno tweeted Saturday night that he drove by the statue , and that the love and support inspired his father . "  He died as he lived , " the family statement said . "  He fought hard until the end , stayed positive , thought only of others and constantly reminded everyone of how blessed his life had been . " Media falsely report Paterno 's death Several websites that reported Saturday night that Paterno had died later apologized for the error , including the Penn State student news website Onward State , the first to report the erroneous information . Paterno was fired in November amid outrage over the handling of accusations against former defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky , who faces more than 50 counts involving sexual acts with 10 boys since 1994 . Sandusky has pleaded not guilty . But several of those gathered at the statue Sunday remembered Paterno as a unifying presence both at the university and in State College . "  I want everyone in our whole country to know that Joe united us , " said Diane Farley , a Penn State alumna and current university employee . "  And I do n't want anyone to point fingers at anyone anymore , and I want them to know that State College is a place that cares , because Joe cared , and there 's just been a lot of confusion in the past six weeks ... We 're all on this Earth together . We 're all going to go out eventually , like Joe , and we need to be a little bit more loving and caring with each other . " "  They 're just ordinary people , " Edmiston said of the Paterno family . "  They lived in the same house since they moved there , not a fancy house , just everyday people . They gave everything they had to Penn State -- not only money , but their time , their efforts . It 's just an amazing legacy that he 's left behind . " Another man said he does n't believe the scandal will tarnish Paterno 's memory . "  It wo n't define him , " said the man , who did not give his name . "  It was n't who he was . " The family previously said Paterno had a treatable form of cancer . In December , he was admitted to a hospital after fracturing his pelvis when he slipped and fell at his home in State College . Under Paterno 's 46-year leadership , the Nittany Lions won two national championships , went undefeated five times and finished in the top 25 national rankings 35 times , according to his official Penn State biography . Sports Illustrated : Paterno 's legacy was more than the final chapter At the time of Paterno 's dismissal , Vice Chairman of Trustees John P. Surma said he hoped the school 's 95,000 students and hundreds of thousands of alumni would believe the decision "  is in the best long-term interest of the university , which is much larger than athletic programs . " Paterno told the Washington Post this month he felt inadequate to deal with the initial allegation of abuse against Sandusky . "  I did n't know exactly how to handle it and I was afraid to do something that might jeopardize what the university procedure was , " Paterno told the Post . "  So I backed away and turned it over to some other people , people I thought would have a little more expertise than I did . It did n't work out that way . " The former coach spoke with a raspy voice during the interview -- Paterno 's first extensive comments since being fired . A Penn State graduate assistant , Mike McQueary , told the grand jury late last year that he had seen Sandusky "  with a boy in the shower and that it was severe sexual acts going on and that it was wrong and over the line . " He said he had gone to Paterno with what he saw . Paterno said he 'd never been told the graphic details revealed in a grand jury report , but that he nevertheless reported the allegations to his boss , then-Athletic Director Tim Curley . Curley and Gary Schultz , a former university vice president , have been charged with perjury and failure to report the abuse allegations , which law enforcement did not learn about for several years . They have pleaded not guilty . "  You know , he did n't want to get specific , " Paterno said about McQueary . "  And to be frank with you I do n't know that it would have done any good , because I never heard of , of , rape and a man . So I just did what I thought was best . I talked to people that I thought would be , if there was a problem , that would be following up on it , " he told The Washington Post . "  I called my superiors and I said , ` Hey , we got a problem , I think . Would you guys look into it ? ' Because I did n't know , you know ... I had never had to deal with something like that . And I did n't feel adequate , " Paterno said . "  Joe was Penn State , " Edmiston said . "  He made Penn State . And it 's really a very sad , sad day for all of us . " CNN 's Sarah Hoye and CNN contributor Sara Ganim contributed to this report .	NEW : Student , alumni hold a candlelight vigil Paterno 's son to fans : "  He felt your support in his fight " The iconic coach died Sunday at age 85 Paterno was fired over the handling of sex abuse claims against a former assistant
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate signaled its support on Monday for a bipartisan measure strengthening border security in the comprehensive "  Gang of Eight " immigration reform bill , a sweeping blueprint that promises to overhaul America 's immigration policies for the first time since 1986 . The 67-to-27 vote was considered a key test of support for the bill as a whole , as the measure also includes language echoing most other parts of the legislation . The Senate kept the vote open for a significant amount of time for lawmakers who experienced travel delays due to bad weather in Washington . Some senators did not make it in time . Supporters needed at least 60 votes to move forward with the revised border security provisions , which were drafted partly to boost GOP support for the overall package . Backers of the bill were hoping to win about 70 votes to demonstrate growing bipartisan momentum for the larger proposal as it nears final passage in the Democratic-controlled Senate and heads to the GOP-controlled House of Representatives . Senate leaders are currently on track to hold a final vote on the bill itself before Congress breaks for its July 4 recess at the end of the week . If enacted , the bill would create a path to citizenship for roughly 11 million undocumented immigrants . "  When the immigration bill passes ,  GOP Speaker John Boehner  should bring it up for a vote in the House of Representatives quickly , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada . "  Mr. Speaker , rather than twisting the arms of tea party extremists , just work with moderates from both parties to pass bipartisan legislation . " Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz , a strong opponent of the bill , condemned "  Republicans eager to go along with the Democrats in a mad rush to pass this bill . " "  What is the rush ? " he asked , noting that the legislative language for the changes was released last Friday . "  Why are we proceeding gangbusters ? " The White House welcomed the vote . "  We are pleased the Senate continues to work together on commonsense immigration reform , " White House spokesman Bobby Whithorne said . "  As the president said today , this is a strong bipartisan bill that meets his principles , and now is the time to get it done . " Among other things , the border security amendment would require 20,000 more border agents , complete 700 miles of fence along the boundary with Mexico , and deploy $ 3.2 billion in technology upgrades similar to equipment used by U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan . The proposal also includes stronger worker eligibility verification standards and border entry-exit controls . Most undocumented immigrants would be eligible for permanent residency only after the five conditions have been met and verified by the Department of Homeland Security . GOP Sens. John Hoeven of North Dakota and Bob Corker of Tennessee introduced the compromise amendment last week , saying it incorporated proposals from other senators to try to fix a broken immigration system . The staunchest critics of the plan produced by the bipartisan "  Gang of Eight " senators , however , have remained skeptical . Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , said last week that the compromise means "  amnesty will occur , " and argued that the Hoeven-Corker amendment was only drafted in reaction to revelations about shortcomings in the original bill . Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , announced Monday that he would oppose the Hoeven-Corker changes , declaring that he "  can not support an amendment cobbled together at the eleventh hour that doubles the border patrol without knowing how much it will cost or whether it is even the right strategy . " "  Unfortunately this measure still omits a real trigger or objective measure to see if the proposed strategy is working , " he added . "  At a time when the trust deficit with the federal government is so huge , we do not need more promises from the government - we need measurable results . " Last week , the Senate rejected a measure drafted by Cornyn that would have required much stricter border security standards . Democrats warned that his proposal was a "  poison pill " that would have ensured defeat for the entire plan . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , the most prominent Republican in the "  Gang of Eight , " told CNN 's Dana Bash last week that he understands "  why conservatives are upset . " "  They 've seen all these promises in the past that have n't been delivered , " Rubio said . But the status quo on immigration "  is hurting America , " he added . "  And if nothing passes , then this disaster that we have now , that 's what 's going to stay in place . " CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash , and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	Senate votes to move forward with border security proposal , which is key to larger effort 60 votes were needed to cut off debate on the amendment ; supporters got 67 votes Amendment requires 20,000 more border agents and 700 miles of fence Senate expected to hold final vote on "  Gang of Eight " bill before breaking for July 4 recess
Hong Kong  CNN  -- He 's the 20-something blogger who created the iconic Steve Jobs action figure . He 's also the Hong Kong-based gadget fan who worked his supplier contacts in China to leak authentic components of the latest iPad before the official launch . And yet , despite his devotion to all things Apple , MIC Gadget 's Chris Chang says if it came down to just one device -- he would choose a Chinese-branded smartphone over the iPhone . "  I like spending less money to get a similar performance from the iPhone 5 or Samsung Galaxy series , " says Chang . "  The China-branded smartphone is my choice . " Chang shows me his preferred smartphone -- the roughly $ 400 OPPO Finder . The Android-powered phone is just 6.65 millimeters thin -- thinner than the iPhone 5 . That said , it 's not a 4G handset . But it 's enough for Chang and a growing number of discerning Chinese smartphone users . China is forecast to overtake the U.S. in smartphone shipments and become the world 's leading smartphone market this year , according to research group IDC . Break it down by marketshare and , according to IHS iSuppli Research , in the first half of 2012 , three of the top five smartphones sold in China are local Chinese brands : Lenovo , Coolpad and Huawei . All three individually outsell Apple 's iPhone in China . The mainland China smartphone market has been partly fueled by the demand for lower-cost handsets . In China , a 16GB iPhone 4S sells for RMB4 ,488  $ 712  . Traditionally , Huawei and Coolpad have been selling to the lower-end of the market , below RMB1000  $ 160  . But China 's Meizu , Xiaomi and OPPO are climbing up the value chain -- not so high as to angle for the top tier of the market with Apple and Samsung , but right in the middle . "  Meizu , OPPO and Xiaomi are poised to differentiate themselves as strong mid-range smartphones , like a sedan , " says Josh Ong , China Editor of The Next Web . "  At RMB 1,999  $ 317  , the  Xiaomi  Mi-Two will be ` good enough ' for millions of consumers who are n't willing to spring for the more expensive devices . " Meizu was formerly the coveted smartphone brand in China , but that mantle has passed on to Xiaomi which -- like Apple -- masterfully markets its technology like a lifestyle . Xiaomi is the smartphone cult hero in China with its intensely loyal fans who adore the company 's charismatic founder , Lei Jun , and the brand 's distinctive style . Bottom line -- in China today , it 's cool to have a Xiaomi phone . "  Watching a thousand Xiaomi fans give Lei and the new phone a standing ovation last month really drove home the company 's success at connecting with its customers , " says Ong . So how can the rest of the world get their hands on a cult Chinese smartphone ? Well , you ca n't . They 're only available in China . Xiaomi may have an English language Twitter feed , but it did n't want to lend its Mi-Two phone for review to international audiences on CNN 's News Stream .  We had to borrow the phone from Chris Chang . Meizu has an English language Website , but there 's no option provided to buy the phone . There is , however , a retail store outside the mainland ... in the Chinese territory of Hong Kong . The fan base for China 's sleekest smartphones will remain in China for now .	Analyst : China is set to surpass the U.S. this year as the top smartphone market Three of the top five selling smartphone brands are local Chinese makers Lenovo , Coolpad and Huawei smartphones all outsell Apple 's iPhone in China Xiaomi brand smartphone has become a cult favorite among Chinese tech geeks
Kanye 's "  Fantasy " conquered reality ; the Black Keys locked into a groove ; Arcade Fire burned down the suburbs . Rolling Stone  -- 5 . Jamey Johnson , "  The Guitar Song " 1 : What does Jamey Johnson keep under all of that hair ? Songs . Nashville 's gruffest and grittiest star turns out to be its most reliable traditionalist , a Music Row pro who can write a song for every emotional season . Johnson pulled out a whole slew of them -- 25 , clocking in north of 105 minutes -- for his double-disc fourth album : acoustic confessions and rugged boogie blues , big weepers and grim reapers , cover tunes and novelty ditties , not to mention "  California Riots " and "  Playing the Part , " a pair of fiercely funny , unrepentantly redneck swipes at the frou-frou blue states . 4 . Arcade Fire , "  The Suburbs " Arcade Fire do n't do anything small -- so leave it to the Montreal collective to make an album of vast , orchestral rock that locates the battle for the human soul amid big houses and manicured lawns . "  The Suburbs " is the band 's most adventurous album yet : See the psychotic speed strings on "  Empty Room , " the Crazy Horse rush of "  Month of May , " the synth-pop disco of "  Sprawl II  Mountains Beyond Mountains  . " Win Butler and his wife , Régine Chassagne , sing about suburban boredom , fear of change and wanting to have a kid of their own -- always scaling their intimate confessions to arena-rock levels and finding beauty wherever they look . 3 . Elton John and Leon Russell , "  The Union " Two rock giants , one largely forgotten , rekindle a friendship and make music that ranks with their best . Producer T Bone Burnett delivers his most spectacular production in memory , filled with shining steel guitar , chortling brass and gospel-time choirs . Ultimately , it 's Russell 's voice that shines brightest , drawing on the entire history of American popular music in its canny , vulnerable , knowing croon . Rolling Stone 's top five singles of 2010 2 . The Black Keys , "  Brothers " The duo boil it down on their best record yet : vivid tunes stripped bare and rubbed raw , with hot splashes of color and hooks popping through like compound fractures . "  Howlin ' for You " smears gnarly blues over a glam beat cribbed from Gary Glitter 's "  Rock and Roll Part 2 , " while a cover of Jerry Butler 's broken-hearted hit "  Never Give You Up " takes Dan Auerbach 's falsetto-flashing soulman persona to the next level . It 's rock minimalism pushed to the max . 1 . Kanye West , "  My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy " With "  My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy " , Kanye West made music as sprawlingly messy as his life . When he was n't feuding with Matt Lauer or bugging out on Twitter , Kanye was building hip-hop epics , songs full of the kind of grandiose gestures that only the foolish attempt and only the wildly talented pull off . The more he piled on -- string sections , Elton John piano solos , vocoder freakouts , Bon Iver cameos , King Crimson and Rick James samples -- the better the music got . Never has Kanye rhymed so hilariously  "  Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh ? I put the -LSB- expletive -RSB- in a sarcophagus "  or been so insightful about his relationship-torpedoing faults . From the bracing prog-rock of "  Power " to the spooky grandeur of "  Runaway " to the shape-shifting "  Hell of a Life , " he made all other music seem dimmer and duller . Is the album dark ? Sure . Twisted ? Of course . But above all , it 's beautiful . See the entire list at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Jamey Johnson 's "  Mercury " has 25 songs and clocks in north of 105 minutes Elton John and Leon Russell 's "  The Union " was produced by T Bone Burnett The Black Keys covered Jerry Butler 's broken-hearted hit "  Never Give You Up "
CNN  -- The separatist New Black Panther Party , described as a hate group by a civil rights organization , is standing by its $ 10,000 bounty offer for the capture of the man who shot Trayvon Martin , despite vehement opposition from , among others , Martin 's family . "  We 're here to make them do their job , " organizer Mikhail Muhammad said on Monday . "  We will support Trayvon 's family , but we are military . " Martin was shot February 26 by George Zimmerman , a 28-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer , while walking back from a Sanford , Florida , convenience store . Zimmerman , according to friends and his attorney , Craig Sonner , said he killed Martin , 17 , in self-defense . The fact he has n't been charged in Martin 's killing has outraged many in the United States , including people who believe Martin was considered "  suspicious " because he was black . Zimmerman is a white Hispanic . Yet no one has gone as far as the New Black Panther Party , which on its website advocates a revolution for African-Americans . The group -- which is distinct from the better known Black Panther Party , founded in the late 1960s -- is described by the Southern Poverty Law Center as a hate group and a "  virulently racist and anti-Semitic organization . " On Saturday , the party put out a wanted poster offering money in return for a "  legal citizen 's arrest " of Zimmerman . Muhammad said that same day that his group believed in "  a life for a life , " an assertion that he reiterated on Monday . Martin family attorney Daryl Parks echoed comments by others associated with the family , including the Rev. Jesse Jackson , condemning the apparent bounty offer . "  We do n't condone those people whatsoever , " Parks said . Speaking earlier Monday to city officials in a packed Sanford Civic Center , Trayvon 's father , Tracy Martin , said his family wanted to work through the legal system and spur changes in Sanford 's police department and Florida law . "  We 're not asking for an eye for an eye , " Tracy Martin said . "  We 're asking for justice , justice , justice . " Mohammad said the U.S. Constitution grants people the right to make a citizen 's arrest , although he also said , a short time later , that he does n't "  obey the white man 's law , I do n't follow the American law . " "  According to the street people 's law ,  George Zimmerman  has been charged with murder -- according to street law , according to God 's law , " Muhammad said . The city of Sanford earlier responded to the bounty offer , and the New Black Panther Party 's push to have 5,000 men work together to go after Zimmerman , by calling for "  calm heads and no vigilante justice . " "  Attempts by civilians to take any person into custody may result in criminal charges or unnecessary violence , " the department said . Joe Oliver , a friend of Zimmerman 's , said such threats are weighing heavily on his friend , even if authorities and the Martin family are denouncing them . Zimmerman has n't been seen or heard from in public since the shooting , "  That 's why no one knows where he 's at , " Oliver said . "  He should be concerned for his safety . " Oliver , a CNN anchor in the 1990s , said he 's worried himself because he has spoken on several media outlets about the case . "  I now have to be concerned for my safety , not just for myself but for my friends and family as well , " he said . "  Yet I was n't there , I did n't pull the trigger . All I 'm doing is standing up for a friend . "	New Black Panther Party offers $ 10,000 for "  citizen 's arrest " of George Zimmerman Zimmerman shot Trayvon Martin , 17 , last month ; he has not been charged with a crime A party official says "  we are military " and does n't trust the U.S. government The Southern Poverty Law Center describes the party as "  virulently racist "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Civilians continued to flee Pakistan 's northwest in droves Monday as government troops prepared to engage Taliban militants in the crisis-hit Swat Valley . Thousands of displaced Pakistani civilians have flooded refugee camps . More than 360,000 Pakistanis have fled their homes since May 2 , the United Nations has reported . "  Obviously more people are on the move , " said Ariane Rummery , a spokeswoman for the U.N. human rights commissioner . "  Not everyone is registered . " Thousands of vehicles fled Swat Valley on Sunday , where up to 15,000 Pakistani troops are preparing to move against approximately 5,000 Taliban militants , a regional official said . In neighboring areas , Pakistan 's military is continuing an offensive against the Taliban along its western border with Afghanistan , a military statement released Sunday said . Watch the latest on the conflict " The military has been releasing regular reports saying it has killed Taliban militants in the region , but it has produced little evidence of the successes it claims . Journalists have not been permitted to observe the offensive and the army has not shown bodies of the militants it says it has killed . Curfews have been imposed in the conflict zone , but are relaxed periodically to allow civilians to travel . It is not unusual now to see rickshaws and cargo trucks filled with fleeing civilians , rolling down Pakistan 's main east-west highway . Vehicles are not allowed back into the region , which has led to a shortage for those trying to leave . Meanwhile , at least 25 boys stranded at the Khpal Kor Foundation orphanage in Swat Valley had to flee the district capital , Mingora , on foot Sunday , according to director Mohammed Ali . He said local government officials told him there were no vehicles to evacuate the children . The 175-kilometer  110-mile  journey from Mingora to the western city of Peshawar normally takes about three hours by car . The boys walked for several hours , but had to spend the night in a madrassa -- a religious school -- outside of Mingora , because authorities had re-established the curfew . Camps for the displaced have sprouted up throughout the country 's northwest , with hospitals and humanitarian groups struggling to keep pace . In other developments , a suicide car bomber attacked a Pakistani paramilitary checkpoint outside Peshawar on Monday , killing a Frontier Corps soldier and three civilians , said Ali Sher Khan , a Corps spokesman . Troops fired on the suspicious vehicle as it approached , according to Khan .	U.N. : More than 360,000 Pakistanis have fled their homes since May 2 15,000 Pakistani troops preparing to move against militants in Swat Valley Tens of thousands of civilians have fled as the military campaign intensifies Pakistan continuing offensive against Taliban along border with Afghanistan
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has a remarkable opportunity Wednesday night . The American people have been awakened by the videotaped beheading of two U.S. journalists . Many Americans have also been deeply angered by the killing of Christians and other minorities by the Islamist radicals . Americans increasingly realize that the entire movement of radical Islamism , from Boko Haram in Nigeria through Hamas in Gaza to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is dangerous to Americans and to our civilization . Americans know that 13 years of effort under two presidents have failed to defeat the forces of radical Islamism . In fact , those forces are more powerful , more widespread and more dangerous than they were 13 years ago . Past strategies have failed . As The Washington Post 's Richard Cohen described the threat of the group calling itself the Islamic State , "  The Nazis are back -- differently dressed , speaking a different language and murdering ostensibly for different reasons but actually for the same : intolerance , hatred , excitement and just because they can . " He concluded , "  The decapitation of Foley and the depredations of the Islamic State are evil returned , evil that can be understood only as beyond understanding . It needs to be eliminated . " Top questions for Obama Because these are issues of life and death , and of mortal threat from openly avowed enemies , the American people will listen to the Wednesday night speech with intense interest . This speech has the potential to transcend partisanship and to bring together the American people in the face of a common enemy . For the President 's policies to succeed will require more than one speech . The first step , however , has to be a successful , nonpartisan , national speech by the commander in chief . A successful , nonpartisan , national security speech will be new ground for Obama . On the eve of the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks , it 's a unique moment for the President to provide real leadership and bring Americans together in the face of a common enemy . Here are some key questions citizens might ask themselves as they listen to the speech : 1 . How does the President define the nature of the enemy ? Is it geographic or ideological ? Do the key aims have to do with territory in Iraq and Syria or with a poisonous belief system with no borders ? Any narrow focus on Iraq and Syria is doomed to fail . 2 . Can Obama bring himself to describe the religious intensity of our enemies ? ISIS and its allies are deeply motivated by religion . Refusing to admit that weakens any strategy to defeat them . 3 . What would the President consider victory ? If it is not the complete defeat of radical Islamism , it will not be a successful strategy . Talking about "  managing the problem " or "  containing the problem " is a concession of defeat . Every day the Islamic State , Hamas , Boko Haram , al Qaeda and their allies survive , they recruit new people , develop new techniques and become more dangerous . 4 . How does he intend to defeat the more than 10,000 terrorists from more than 50 countries that are fighting with ISIS , and how does he account for the fact that the threat is in 50 countries , not two ? 5 . What is his strategy for defeating the terrorists and recruiters we now know are coming from the United States ? British Prime Minister David Cameron is proposing significant restrictions on travel and activity by radical Islamists in the UK . How does Obama propose to counter potential American terrorists ? 6 . Is he prepared to ask for more resources for the military , which he is using in more and more places while continuing to cut the budget ? It is impossible to have a serious strategy of defeating radical Islamism without an increase in funding for the military unless he plans to transform the Pentagon dramatically . Will he submit such a funding request to the Congress ? 7 . Is his strategy designed to achieve rapid , decisive victory ? There are rumors of a three-year campaign . That would be an absurdity . In three years , the radical Islamists will have recruited more people in more countries . It took three years and eight months from the attack on Pearl Harbor for the United States to defeat fascist Italy , Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan . Taking that long to defeat the Islamic State would be an exercise in self-defeating timidity . 8 . Does the President plan to lead the fight against radical Islamism or merely to support others who he asserts have to lead ? If radical Islamism and the Islamic State are mortal threats to Americans and to the United States , then we have to defeat them , even if Iraq is incompetent , Syria is a dictatorship , and the Europeans are timid . This has to be a coalition that is led by America , not a coalition that leads America . Which is Obama describing ? 9 . What are his plans for an extended conversation with the American people to build enough support that the strategy can be sustained with popular approval until victory is achieved ? One speech , one time is a beginning , not a program for victory . 10 . Will he seek congressional authorization for the plan he outlines ? This is crucial because the conflict must be the country 's war , not Obama 's war , and a vote in Congress will legitimate his action . Cruz : How U.S. can stop ISIS If the President succeeds in these 10 areas , he will have given a historic speech . If he misses more than one or two , then he is proposing another formula for defeat . You can analyze and decide for yourself .	Newt Gingrich : ISIS has awakened Americans to threat of radical Islamists He says President Obama can rally nation in his speech if he answers key questions How will he define victory ? Will military be given funds to carry out the fight properly ? Gingrich says the U.S. needs to lead coalition vs. ISIS , and Congress should vote on it
EW.com  -- Lifetime has canceled long-running , crime-busting show "  America 's Most Wanted , " EW has confirmed . Though there 's another show on the horizon for host John Walsh , who is developing a pilot with Lifetime .  TV Guide exclusively reported the news . EW : The 100 greatest moments in television "  Most Wanted " premiered on Fox in 1988 and since has helped lead to the capture of over 1,100 fugitives both in the United States and 30 additional countries . Lifetime picked up the series in 2011 after Fox canceled the program , citing a lack of profitability . EW : President Barack Obama to appear on 1,000 th episode of ` America 's Most Wanted ' As to the possibility that Walsh 's production company or 20th Television will shop the show around to other networks , reps for AMW had not responded to EW 's request for comment at time of publication . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Most Wanted " premiered on Fox in 1988 That network canceled the show in 2011 and Lifetime picked it up The show may be shopped around to other networks
CNN  It 's December 23 , 2022 . It 's the last Friday before Christmas and it 's carnage on the streets of London . This is "  Black Friday " and then some . Thanks to the huge numbers of office Christmas parties , paramedics , bouncers and doctors are struggling to scrape binge drinking Britons off the pavement . Tuesday saw a commission set up by FIFA , world soccer 's governing body , recommend what was already the worst held secret in sport : that the 2022 World Cup finals in Qatar should be moved from the oppressive heat in the summer to the cooler winter months . Some initial reports suggest that December 23 could be the day of the World Cup final . If the right-leaning British tabloid Daily Mail thought Black Friday 2014 was bad , it might find December 23 , 2022 really will signal the end of days . At least that 's the impression you get from the reaction to a possible winter World Cup . Discounting the fact that "  winter " is a relative term  there have already been six World Cup finals hosted during winter months in the southern hemisphere ,  the reaction has been almost universally negative ; a sign not just of Qatar 's perceived ability to change the rules of the game , but also of FIFA 's mendacity . Ever since Qatar was announced as host in December 2010 , questions have been raised about its ability to host the finals in June and July when the temperature can reach 50 degrees Celsius . Other dates were mooted such as February/March 2022 , but that drew a strong reaction from the International Olympic Committee as it clashed with the Winter Olympics . Broadcaster Fox , which had paid an inordinate sum to secure World Cup broadcast rights , must be angry with that possibility too , as it coincided with one of the biggest advertising paydays in world sport : the Super Bowl . And UEFA , Europe 's governing body , was also against that date as it clashed with the Champions League , the richest competition in world football . May was suggested , when the temperatures were lower , but not low enough . So , the battle was set for November and December , a date that UEFA appears to have begrudgingly accepted as the best of a bad bunch . Most European leagues have a winter break that could be moved forward a month to accommodate the finals . The main loser appears to be the English Premier League who will have to find a month long hole in its schedule , plus recovery time . Richard Scudamore , the league 's CEO who has just signed a record # 5.1 billion TV deal , is livid . He 's a man that 's not accustomed to being dictated to . "  FIFA keep their international dates , they keep their World Cup intact , even UEFA , who , I think , let us down a little bit , clearly pushed , " he said after the meeting . The 2022 dates means English football 's traditional Christmas football period -- where a quick succession of matches would be played starting the day after Christmas Day -- would go out of the window . But would a winter World Cup really be the disaster it is being painted as ? Surely , as the European nights draw in and in the run up to Christmas , a schedule of international matches on free to air television would be a huge draw to viewers in Europe ? Given the public 's affinity with football TV ratings records would be smashed . A World Cup in November and December might arguably also provide the impetus for English football to reform itself . The lack of a winter break has meant that the national team rarely performs well at big international tournaments after a long grueling season . Germany who won last World Cup , took a six week winter break December to January . Over that time , English Premier League teams played seven league matches , plus cup games . It would be an opportune time to introduce one . One other issue is the global aspect of the game . Insisting on June-July for every World Cup finals excludes much of the world from ever hosting the tournament , including the Middle East . A Qatar World Cup in December would be a unique experience for those who travel there , if a little cold . In reality , this is n't an argument about the timing of the finals as much as represents deep anger at FIFA and by extension Qatar . There are still huge , unanswered questions surrounding the corruption allegations that have surrounded the successful bid . And why exactly did the likes of UEFA president Michel Platini vote for a summer World Cup when the issue of temperature were well known , including in FIFA 's own technical report which deemed a Qatari World Cup high risk ? And then there 's an issue of migrant worker rights . Qatar has promised changes to the Kafala system and rightly so . No World Cup should ever be built by workers with such a tenuous grasp over their own destinies . But Qatar winning the bid to host the 2022 World Cup has , by accident and under pressure from the intense media glare that followed it , enhanced visibility of this exploitation , not diminished it . The World Cup has made reform of the system more likely , not less . Until Qatar won the bid in 2010 , reporting on the issue was negligible . Previously the Kafala system would be routinely dismissed as a necessary step towards global development , like migrants arriving in the U.S. to build the American dream . That view is now not heard . Take Qatar out of the equation and you are left with one question : what would actually be wrong with a winter World Cup ? We talk big about football being a global game , why not make it truly global ? Worry less about the cash-rich English Premier League having to make alterations to their schedule , and worry more about the paramedics , bouncers and doctors on 23 , December 2022 . And brace yourself for the blackest of Black Fridays .	A winter World Cup has some positives , argues football writer James Montague It will bring huge TV audiences in Europe and open the game to the rest of the world Questions still remain over conduct of bid vote
Washington  CNN  -- He was known only as A.J.A. -- a little boy at the center of a international custody fight that went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court . The near decade-long dispute has now come to an end , not because of any judicial action , but simply because of time . Alex Abbott turned 16 recently and has officially "  aged out " of coverage under The Hague Convention dealing with child abduction across borders . A U.S. federal judge this week signed an order dismissing the case between the boy 's parents . Mother and son now live in Texas . She says the youngster seeks no further contact with his father . Jacquelyn Vaye Abbott said she was shocked when she heard the news Monday , never quite sure her case would ever be resolved . "  Alex is safe and his own country , that 's the most important thing , " she told CNN from her office in Austin . "  We 're whole , we 're here , we 're safe . Everything else is inconsequential . " The Supreme Court in 2010 ruled the British father could continue his federal appeals in his effort to regain custody of his son , who was taken by his mother from Chile to Texas despite a Chilean court 's decree prohibiting either parent from taking the child out of the country without consent from the other . The judicial appeal tested the power of federal courts to intervene when fights over children go global , and tackled the issue of the scope of international treaty , and whether one country 's court order preventing a child from being taken overseas by a parent represented a "  right of custody " enforceable in the United States . The justices , by a 6-3 vote , said Timothy Abbott had such a right of custody and could force the boy 's return to Chile , even though courts in that South American nation had said that despite the earlier decree , the father enjoyed only limited power as a non-custodial parent . The case was tossed back to the lower federal courts . During one recent hearing , the boy told a federal judge why he did not want to live with or see his father . There was no immediate reaction from Timothy Abbott 's Washington attorney to the judge 's final order of dismissal . This custody fight involved a broad mix of nations and nationalities . The father is a British citizen and his estranged wife is an American . They married in England and their son , born in Hawaii in 1995 , is a U.S. citizen . The family subsequently moved to Chile , and the couple separated in March 2003 . The mother was later awarded custody of the boy , while the father was granted visitation rights . It was at that point that the Chilean courts issued a decree prohibiting either party from removing the child from the country without mutual consent . But Jacquelyn Abbott did just that , taking the then-10-year-old boy amid a fight over visitation by the father . She claimed that due to visa restrictions in Chile , she could not find work or rent an apartment . Timothy Abbott then hired a private investigator who eventually located the child in San Antonio , Texas . Abbott next went to federal court , asking that his son -- known in court papers as "  A.J.A. " -- be returned to Chile under provisions enforceable by international law . The Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction grants parents in general a "  right of custody " and a separate "  right of access , " ensuring the laws of one country are respected in the others . More than 80 countries are a party to the treaty , including the United States and Chile . A federal appeals court in New Orleans concluded the father had only visitation rights , not formal "  custody , care and control . " It said he could not claim a "  right of custody " under The Hague Convention . The judges noted , however , that he had a "  right of access , " allowing him to see the child in the United States . But the U.S. Supreme Court later voided that ruling . "  To interpret the convention to permit an abducting parent to avoid a return remedy , even when the other parent holds a ne exeat  custodial  right , would run counter to the convention 's purpose of deterring child abductions by parents who attempt to find a friendlier forum for deciding custodial disputes , " Justice Anthony Kennedy said . In dissent , Justice John Paul Stevens said the father 's rights were necessarily limited , and he lacked the ultimate power to say where the boy should live . Under the justice 's reading of the convention , the father had authority only "  to seek assistance from this country in carrying out the Chilean family court 's visitation order . " But the now-retired Stevens accurately predicted the Abbott child could , under Texas law , eventually have a vital role in deciding where he would live . "  So no matter what we do , the child may actually provide the answer to this case , " he said when the case was argued two years ago . The Abbott case has been cited in other similar custody disputes involving the United States , Italy , and Mexico . Jacquelyn Abbott expressed frustration that her estranged husband used an international treaty and the federal courts to try to thwart earlier Chilean court decisions . "  My husband had threatened that he would do anything to leave me with nothing , including my child , despite the fact the  Chilean  courts had granted me full custody . So he tried to drag this out for as long as he could . And my son has been waiting for years for strangers to decide his future . The  Hague  treaty leaves too much room for abuse by a vengeful parent . " Jacquelyn Abbott has tried without success to get a divorce from her husband , who has long objected . She said her son has adjusted surprisingly well to all the personal turmoil in his young life . "  He 's very relieved when I told him last night about the court order , " she said . "  He just smiled and said , ` That 's very good news , indeed . ' " The Supreme Court case was Abbott v. Abbott  08-645  .	A case involving an international treaty and parental custody rights is closed Courts in Chile and the United States had issued different rulings in the case The question is left unresolved when the boy at the center of the case turns 16
CNN  -- A roadside bomb attack Thursday in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , injured the nation 's interior minister and killed one of his secretaries , according to a source close to the minister . The Bakaraha market in Somalia 's capital is one of the most dangerous areas of the city . The mid-day attack on Abdukadir Ali Omar , a member of the transitional government , left him with shrapnel wounds to his leg . The extent of his injuries was unclear , said the source , who requested anonymity because he is not allowed to speak to the media . The explosion occurred about noon at the Bakaraha market , in one of the most dangerous areas of the city . The interior minister is a popular moderate who led assaults against Ethiopian forces during their invasion of Somalia . Ethiopian troops invaded the country at its request in December 2006 . The Ethiopian invasion ousted the Islamic Courts Union , an Islamic movement that had claimed control of Mogadishu earlier that year . Thursday 's attack on Ali Omar fueled concerns that moderate Islamists would strike out against the hardline Al-Shabab , which is suspected in the explosion . Al-Shabab -- which the United States has designated a terror organization -- warmly welcomed a recent call for the overthrow of Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , Somalia 's new president . The call , delivered via an audio recording , purportedly came from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . -- Journalist Mohamed Amin Adow contributed to this report .	Attack on Abdukadir Ali Omar left him with shrapnel wounds to his leg Explosion occurred about noon at the Bakaraha market in Mogadishu Interior minister is a popular moderate in Somalia Fueled concerns moderate Islamists would strike against hardline Al-Shabab
The ship captain accused of causing the deaths of 32 people in last year 's Costa Concordia cruise disaster asked for a plea bargain Wednesday as his trial got under way in Italy . Francesco Schettino faces three criminal charges : involuntary manslaughter for the deaths ; causing a maritime disaster ; and causing personal injury to 150 people who were badly hurt in the accident . The trial , being held in Grosseto , begins a year and a half after the luxury cruise liner ran aground off the west coast of Italy . If convicted on all charges , Schettino could face a sentence of about 25 years in total . But his lawyers may argue that he serve his sentence under a form of house arrest , since there 's virtually no danger of him repeating the offense . His lawyers asked for a plea bargain in exchange for a sentence of three years and five months in prison . But the prosecutor voiced his opposition to the request , which means it is almost certain to be turned down . The tribunal is expected to rule on it within a few days . A similar request was made by Schettino in May but was rejected . Four crew members and an officer for Costa Cruises who were originally co-defendants with Schettino have already asked for a plea bargain trial . Their requests will be decided Saturday . Read more : Cruise passengers get bill of rights Schettino 's trial was due to start last week but was postponed because lawyers involved in the case were taking part in a nationwide strike to protest measures aimed at streamlining civil trials . Night of chaos Schettino was in court with his lawyers for Wednesday 's hearing , the start of a process that will be closely watched in Italy and elsewhere . The Costa Concordia , carrying 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members , made global headlines when it turned on its side after striking rocks off the Italian island of Giglio on January 13 , 2012 . Read more : What cruise lines do n't want you to know According to passengers ' accounts , chaos ensued that night , as guests rushed to fill lifeboats and escape the shipwreck . Some crew members helped passengers and then jumped overboard , passengers said ; remaining crew members seemed helpless to handle the melee . The case centers on several questions , including why it allegedly took Schettino more than an hour to issue an order to abandon ship and why he allegedly left the vessel before all passengers had abandoned it . Given the complicated nature of the case , the trial could drag on for a year or more . The prosecutor presented the court with a list of 357 witnesses Wednesday . Read more : Costa Concordia reveals its darkest secrets Running in tandem with the criminal prosecution are numerous civil suits against Schettino , which can be heard at the same time . This means more than 250 civil parties are also represented in court . The first hearing , devoted to preliminary questions , was held in a theater to accommodate the dozen of lawyers involved . ' I want justice ' Among the civil plaintiffs is Gianluca Gabrielli , who came to Grosseto for the opening hearing of the trial . "  I 'm still so angry and I want justice , this is why I 'm here , " he told CNN outside court . "  It was all going well , it was the nicest holiday we ever had with the family , " he said , remembering the hours before the 114,000-ton ship hit the rocks just before 10 p.m. on a winter 's night . Gabrielli recalls getting into a lifeboat with his wife and the two girls , then ages 3 and 4 . But the lifeboat was stuck , so the family had to climb out and struggle to the opposite site of the sliding vessel . There , they had to slip into the sea using a rope ladder , with no life jackets and holding the children in their arms . "  I thought ` we 'll all die , ' it was all dark and cold , " he said . "  I still have unjustified panic moments , even this morning during the hearing , I suddenly thought that an earthquake was coming . " Massimiliano Gabrieli , one of the lawyers in a pool representing about 100 passengers , said they are seeking up to 1 million euros  $ 1.3 million  in compensation for each survivor of the fateful cruise . "  We want this sentence to be an example , to serve as monitor so that similar accident never happen again , " he said . The civil plaintiffs also include the Costa cruise line , which is suing Schettino for causing the accident and destroying its ship . However , many of the civil parties and Schettino 's own lawyers argue that Costa and its parent company , Carnival , should be considered as criminal defendants in the trial . Cruise safety after the Concordia ` This is not a car accident ' They suggest that responsibility for the handling of the situation after the shipwreck , including any delay in the order to abandon ship , should extend beyond the captain . But the court decided Wednesday that Costa Cruises should remain a civil party because it had suffered damage . "  This is not a car accident . I 'm very disappointed that Schettino is the only defendant , " Domnica Cemortan , a Moldavian dancer who was on the bridge the night of the shipwreck and is a civil plaintiff in the case , told CNN outside the court . Evidence presented to the court is likely to include conversations between Schettino and cruise line emergency officials on the night of the accident . The 32 deaths occurred during the abandonment of the ship rather than in its impact with the rocks . Meanwhile , the Costa Concordia lies half-submerged on its side on the shore of Giglio Island , rusting and rotting in the waters off Tuscany 's coast . Nearly 500 workers are involved in an operation led by Titan Salvage to remove the wreck while protecting the marine environment . Titan and Costa Cruises said last week they hope to be able to rotate the vessel to a vertical position in September . They will then be able to assess whether it can be refloated and towed away . 1 year on , survivors to mark the disaster	The court will likely rule soon on a plea bargain request by the accused cruise ship captain Five other defendants have already asked for a separate plea bargain trial "  I 'm still so angry and I want justice , " says a civil plaintiff who was on the ship Capt. Francesco Schettino is accused in the deaths of 32 people on the Costa Concordia
CNN  -- Jewish organizations called for a Romanian official to resign and face a criminal investigation after he wore a Nazi uniform during a fashion show over the weekend . Radu Mazare , the mayor of the town of Constanta , wore a Nazi uniform during a fashion show over the weekend . Radu Mazare , the mayor of the town of Constanta , and his 15-year-old son "  entered the stage marching the clearly identifiable Nazi ` goose step , ' " the Center for Monitoring and Combating anti-Semitism in Romania said in a letter to the country 's prosecutor general . The organization 's director , Marco Katz , said Mazare had broken Romanian law and encouraged his son to do the same , "  educating him to treat the law with contempt . " Katz said Mazare was sending a message "  that to wear Nazi uniforms and to march the Nazi steps is legal and ` in vogue ' in Romania . " He urged the authorities and the head of Mazare 's Social Democrat party to show that message "  will be strongly countermanded . " Mazare , 41 , said he had not noticed the Nazi swastika symbol on the uniform before he wore it , according to the Romanian Times newspaper . "  I checked it before I put it on but the swastika was very small and I did n't see it , " he said . "  I really liked the look of the uniform after seeing it in the Tom Cruise film ` Valkyrie . ' I bought it from a costume hire shop in Germany . " A top Nazi hunter said Mazare should quit . "  The proper thing for you to do is to admit your mistake , apologize for it and resign your position , " Efraim Zuroff of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Jerusalem wrote to Mazare . Zuroff sent CNN a copy of the letter . He said it was no defense that the uniform was that of the Wehrmacht -- the army -- rather than the SS , the elite Nazi guard which took the lead in killing Jews during the Holocaust . "  The Wehrmacht played an active role in the mass murder of European Jewry and many other innocent victims . By dressing in a Wehrmacht uniform , you are expressing totally unwarranted support and nostalgia for an army which committed the most terrible war crimes and acts of genocide , " the letter said . "  It would hard to adequately describe the depth of the pain that your appearance caused , not only to Jews and other victims of Nazism , but to any person of moral integrity who knows the history of World War II , " Zuroff wrote . Zuroff told CNN he did not expect Mazare to resign , or even to respond to the letter . But he said he hoped the mayor might act on Zuroff 's suggestion that Mazare create a Romanian-language edition of an acclaimed exhibition on the crimes of the Wehrmacht . The Nazi uniform incident , which took place Sunday , was the first time Zuroff heard of Mazare , he said . "  He has a history of being outrageous , but his antics have never included something that I would deal with , " Zuroff said . "  He 's a real character , apparently . He 's also very popular , which makes this much more difficult . " CNN attempts to contact Mazare were unsuccessful . Romania was a Nazi ally from 1940 to 1944 , under the leadership of a right-wing military government led by General Ion Antonescu . At least 270,000 Romanian Jews were killed or died from mistreatment during the Holocaust , according to the Holocaust Encyclopedia . The 1930 Romanian census recorded 728,115 people who identified themselves as Jewish , comprising approximately 4 percent of the population , the reference work says . Antonescu was deposed in 1944 and Romania switched sides in World War II .	Jewish organizations call for a Romanian official to resign Mayor wore a Nazi uniform during a fashion show Radu Mazare said he did not notice Nazi swastika symbol on the uniform
CNN  -- The first time I viewed an al Qaeda recruitment video , I squinted at a scratchy black blob shimmying across the screen . It took a moment to recognize this was an amateur effort to obliterate the image of a woman from a clip of a politician 's visit to Saudi Arabia . The blob was evidently his wife . I wondered at the time it must have taken to erase her from every frame . Of all the rapid-fire images of death and destruction in the video , I found this one the most chilling . That same feeling surfaced in the days after Seal Team Six killed Osama bin Laden two years ago . I watched talking heads on every network hold forth on the takedown . Almost without exception , they were men . I felt like my female colleagues had been erased from the picture . In the 1990s it was largely women who tracked the threat from bin Laden , who pieced together slivers of data to form a surprisingly accurate picture of an international terror network that had yet to announce its existence to the world . When Greg Barker interviewed me for the documentary "  Manhunt , " he asked what it was that made women so good at tracking terrorists . I felt a moment of panic at being led into the minefield of gender stereotypes . I worried about discounting the efforts of some excellent male counterterrorism analysts I had known . Then I thought to myself , "  Yes , women do have a special genius for the job . " To step firmly into the stereotype minefield , is it because terrorism is all about relationships ? Perhaps . Using the Boston bombing as an example , let 's look at the mother and how she may have influenced the older son who in turn could have influenced the younger one . At this moment analysts are following that circle of relationships outward , looking at other friends and family members . Analysts are trying to suppress their own egos and put themselves into the minds of the suspected terrorists . What do I need to carry out this attack and to whom do I turn for help ? Suppressing one 's ego is an important part of being a good counterterrorism analyst . First , you have to be willing to admit up front what you do n't know . The amount of data is so large that no one individual can look at all of it . A good analyst acknowledges her blind spots and networks with other analysts to fill them . Bergen : Bin Laden dead , bin Ladenism lives When it comes to ego suppression , women are just better at it than men . They 've had more practice . I ran across one man who never admitted to any gaps in knowledge . Whenever someone would try to tell him something , he would blithely say , "  I knew that . " He did n't last long as a counterterrorism analyst . Another characteristic of the women who tracked bin Laden is that they did n't have their egos so caught up in their "  careers " that they let it affect their jobs . For an analyst , the path to career advancement lies through a "  hot account , " which means a subject that attracts policymaker interest . Al Qaeda was not a hot account in the 1990s . Some managers resented the amount of time the women spent on it . On career appraisals , one report written for the policymaker often counted for more than months spent sifting through data and working with counterparts on the clandestine side of the house . Their careers suffered because the women were so focused on the job of tracking al Qaeda . These women had the intellectual discipline and honesty to allow their conclusions to arise from the data , rather than taking the shortcut of cherry-picking the data to fit preconceived notions . For whatever reason , women are particularly good at perceiving patterns in a nonstop stream of seemingly random data . Terrorism analysis requires persistence , tenacity , patience and dedication . The women who tracked bin Laden had those characteristics in spades . In the days after 911 , one analyst was working 18-hour days despite severe back pain . When she finally took the time to go to a doctor , she found out she had a broken vertebra . Then she went back to the office and continued to work the long hours . These women broke down in tears , struggled with guilt , depression and the physical impact of stress . They juggled the job with the demands of motherhood , eldercare and other personal issues that do n't disappear after a terrorist attack . Through it all they continued to do their jobs , because , by God , they were n't going to let that bastard bin Laden win . I have one urgent request for the CIA , FBI and other relevant agencies . After the next attack , could you please send a woman to talk to the press ? You have lots of them and , trust me , they know what they 're talking about . Please do it to improve the morale of your female officers and give their daughters a better understanding of their options in life . The women are tired of being invisible . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Susan Hasler .	Susan Hasler : Too often role of women in counterterrorism is de-emphasized She says women were instrumental in early days of search for bin Laden The analysts proved better at understanding relationships and at suppressing ego , she says Hasler : Agencies should put female analysts in spotlight when attacks happen
The news that a large number of Westerners , including several Americans , had become hostages in North Africa shook the U.S. once again out of the delusion that it is possible to turn away from the world 's problems . Many Americans would like nothing better than to forget about the rest of the planet and focus on all the challenges crying for attention at home . After more than a decade of fighting costly and painful wars in faraway lands , people have grown weary , tired of worrying about complicated conflicts that seem to have no connection to their own lives . But then bad things happen . Read more : Power struggle : The North African gas industry targeted by militants On Wednesday , in a dramatic operation in Algeria 's portion of the Sahara , Islamist militants in the desert attacked a convoy of oil workers -- the people who work to satisfy the world 's need for fuel . The jihadists claimed to have captured more than 40 hostages , including Americans , British , French and others . The U.S. called the incident a "  terrorist " attack , and what followed has been the typical flurry of confusion -- possible escapes , killings . Without a doubt , the families of the hostages are suffering unbearable anxiety . Meanwhile , there is a war raging in Mali , neighbor to Algeria . Until recently a democratic state , landlocked Mali is becoming home to terrorism , as Islamist militants affiliated with al Qaeda and its allies have been conquering the country and brutally subjugating the population in the process . France has just sent military forces to the country after a desperate plea from its president . Fortified with weapons seized from the Libyan war and emboldened by their unstoppable march across Mali , these militant groups have been growing stronger . Zakaria : Prepare for refugee crisis in Mali The hostage emergency is only the most recent in a dramatic series of events occurring in North Africa over many months . In this chaotic and fluid crisis , we hope the hostages will return safely to their families . But that will not end the bigger crisis in the region . While it unfolds , the rest of the world has to pay attention , whether it likes it or not . Islamist militants , including al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  , have operated in Algeria and other parts of North Africa for years , massacring civilians indiscriminately , taking countless Western hostages , collecting ransom , and more importantly , seeking to overthrow existing governments and imposing their rule . In Algeria , the government has the upper hand . But Mali has gone into free fall despite having served as a shining example of democracy in West Africa , for decades a place of tolerance , art and culture . After separatist Tuareg rebels joined forces with al Qaeda-linked militants , the country 's political system began to unravel . A military coup weakened government forces , and the insurgency pushed ahead , conquering the northern half of the country . People living in areas under Islamist rule have endured floggings , amputations and public executions , according to human rights groups and witnesses . Killings , rapes , torture and other crimes have prompted calls for the International Criminal Court to become involved . Residents say the rebels have been buying children to use as soldiers . And they have engaged in the wholesale destruction of the ancient treasures of the city of Timbuktu , a world heritage site , much as the Taliban did when they conquered Afghanistan and blew up the ancient Buddha statues in Bamiyan . The United Nations warns that hundreds of thousands have been forced to flee their homes and millions more are at risk of running out of food in the Sahel , the area bordering the Sahara , which is experiencing a severe drought . As the rebels entrench their position , they build a stronghold in a part of the world where institutions are fragile and people are vulnerable . The conflict may be local , but the rebels ' ideology considers the West the enemy , and non-Muslims as well as moderate Muslims fair game for their brutality . It 's been almost a year since the U.N. , the U.S. , NATO and Africa 's leaders agreed that the international community urgently need to lend a hand to the embattled government and people of Mali . World leaders met , argued , discussed and did essentially nothing . Until this week . That 's when the rebels launched an advance toward the capital , Bamako , and Mali 's president sent out an SOS to Paris and the U.N. France , a former colonial power , mobilized its military and launched bombing raids and sent in troops . France has deep connections with Mali , Algeria and other former colonies . Thousands of French citizens live there , and personal and business connections run deep . The military operation , launched by France 's Socialist President Francois Hollande , has strong support at home , at least so far . The hostage-takers in Algeria claim their attack on the foreign oil workers was retaliation for France 's intervention and for Algeria 's granting permission for military overflights . But experts say the militants ' attack was too sophisticated , probably planned well before Paris became involved with Mali . More likely , the Algerian hostage crisis signals that Islamist extremists and dangerous gangs are gaining ascendancy in that part of the world , a region that is remote but crucial . It is a part of Africa at the intersection of the Arab world -- of enormous strategic importance to the West -- and the West African heartland , a region only now becoming more stable after years of unspeakable human tragedy . We may want to avert out eyes , worry about the problems at home , and think this one , too , can be "  kicked down the road , " to use the term fashionable for explaining inaction on domestic matters . But some problems become much worse if ignored . The hostage crisis is a warning that militants must be pushed back . Without sending American troops into combat , the U.S. should provide greater support to the French and other African governments in helping Mali to defeat the Islamist militants and return democracy to Mali . The last thing the people of Mali and the West want is a gang of al Qaeda-affiliated Islamist militants in charge of an entire country . We 've already seen that once before , and it did n't end well for anyone .	Americans , others have been taken hostage by Islamist militants in Algeria Frida Ghitis : The hostage crisis is a warning that militants must be pushed back She says war has been raging in neighboring Mali , with extremists gaining ascendency Ghitis : The U.S. should aid the Mali government and help stabilize that part of the world
London  CNN  -- An inquest jury considering the death of Mark Duggan , whose shooting by police sparked widespread riots in England two years ago , said Wednesday he was lawfully killed . The 29-year-old father of four was shot by police officers who stopped the taxi in which he was traveling in the northern London neighborhood of Tottenham in August 2011 . His death sparked protests that exploded into riots and looting in London and spread to other cities in the worst disturbances in the country in decades . The jury at the Royal Courts of Justice in London concluded that the killing was lawful in an 8-to-2 decision , even though Duggan did not have a gun in his hand at the moment he was shot . They also said it was more likely than not that just before he was killed , Duggan had thrown a gun from the taxi onto a grassy area near the scene . There were emotional outbursts at the court when the conclusion was reached , Britain 's Press Association reported . It quoted Duggan 's brother Shaun Hall as saying : "  We still fight for justice . " The inquest began in September , and the jurors had been told to decide whether Duggan was either shot lawfully or unlawfully , or return an open verdict . "  No officer sets out at the start of the day to run an operation that results in someone dying , " Assistant Police Commissioner Mark Rowley said outside the court . "  So our sympathy today is with Mark Duggan 's family . They have lost a loved one . But the task our officers face in making split-second decisions when confronting armed criminals means there is a risk -- a very small risk -- that this will happen . "	Police shot and killed Mark Duggan in August 2011 The death sparked riots in London and other parts of England The verdict was delivered in an 8-to-2 decision Britain 's Press Association : "  We still fight for justice , " says Shaun Hall , Duggan 's brother
CNN  -- Tropical cyclones in the Pacific do not worry some Hawaii residents because direct hits historically have been so rare on the islands . Hawaii is a small target in a large ocean . But the state finds itself prepping ahead of what could be a pair of back-to-back smacks from Hurricane Iselle and Tropical Storm Julio . Even if these two storms weaken or do n't make landfall -- as is usually the case around Hawaii -- they can still cause damage , including flooding and debris , experts warn . Try telling that to Scott Murray , who has lived in Hilo , on Hawaii 's Big island , for more than 60 years . "  People are not really nervous , but honestly just hoping for some good surf , " said Murray , who owns the Hilo Surfboard Company . "  Surfers get excited when hurricane season starts . The people here are really nonchalant and are used to rain , which is the main thing we are expecting . " There are no lines at the supermarket or stocking of supplies , even though Iselle is on a forecast track to hit the islands on Thursday . "  I 'm not worried about this storm , " Murray said . History appears to back him up . A 2002 report by the U.S. Geological Survey states that "  actual hurricane strikes on the Hawaiian Islands are relatively rare in the modern record . " "  More commonly , near-misses that generate large swell and moderately high winds causing varying degrees of damage are the hallmark of hurricanes passing close to the islands , " according to the report . A primer on Hurricane in Hawaii by the University of Hawaii says just as much : "  Hurricanes are relatively rare events in the Hawaiian islands . " However , even if Iselle and Julio change course and miss the islands , it does not mean that dangers are averted . Flying debris poses a risk , and back-to-back storms over an area that is already saturated makes for a flooding risk . Officials at the state and local level are not taking the risks that Iselle and Julio pose lightly . "  We are actually monitoring very closely . We 've had several tropical systems since June 1 , " said Darryl Oliver of the Hawaii County Civil Defense . "  The ground is very saturated . We are very hopeful it will weaken . However , it still is likely to present tropical storm force winds at 74 mph , high surf at 10 to 15 feet , and heavy rain . " As of Tuesday , Iselle was a Category 3 hurricane but was expected to weaken as it neared Hawaii , according to the National Hurricane Center . Tropical Storm Julio , on the other hand , could strengthen to hurricane force by the time it reaches the islands . "  We are very concerned with the flooding that will be possible from having two major storms so close together , " Coast Guard spokesman Chief Petty Officer Kurt Fredrickson said . The Coast Guard 's priority is keeping the Port of Honolulu open , where 90 % of the state 's goods and services pass through , he said . The agency is asking residents to stock up on supplies for at least seven days , as power outages are expected . Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell has issued a similar warning . "  Yes , it is a concern if both storms hit back to back because the ground will be saturated with water , increasing the odds of flooding , " he said . Many Hawaii residents spread the news of the coming storms via social media , but not all were worried about what they could bring . "  Ca n't wait for the storm to hit , I 'm ready for some rain , " one Twitter user in Hawaii wrote . Another wrote : "  Is it bad that my family is doing literally NOTHING to prepare for the hurricane ? " Hawaii 's primary elections are slated for Saturday . Local media reported that many turned up for early voting in anticipation of severe weather on election day . Others are concerned that voting turnout could be affected . Some shelters will be set up in the same buildings where voting is to be held , the governor 's office said .	Hurricanes rarely make landfall in Hawaii But one hurricane and one tropical storm are heading that way Hurricane Iselle could weaken and Tropical Storm Julio could strengthen Officials being cautious , but some residents less so
The Supreme Court on narrow grounds struck down a Massachusetts law Thursday creating no-protest "  buffer zones " on public property surrounding health clinics that perform abortions . In what is a free speech dispute that touched on the larger political and social controversy over abortion , the court ruled unanimously . It did not strike down all such laws , but the ruling gives room for the state to go back and craft new , less restrictive protest zones . "  Here the commonwealth has pursued those interests by the extreme step of closing a substantial portion of a traditional public forum to all speakers , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . "  It has done so without seriously addressing the problem through alternatives that leave the forum open for its time-honored purposes . " Massachusetts officials said the issue was more about public safety and pedestrian access on local sidewalks . Anti-abortion supporters countered that their First Amendment rights were violated . The decision could affect a broader range of free speech areas -- over issues such as war , taxes , corporate bailouts and elections -- where the location of the message is often key to its effectiveness . Eleven women 's health clinics across Massachusetts are covered by the fixed buffer zones . The current state law strengthened earlier restrictions that had created a floating 6-foot protective bubble around clinic patrons approaching the facility . Abortion rights supporters said it was ineffective , since they claimed it led to blocked entrances and a gauntlet of protesters surrounding patients and staff . Some past anti-abortion protests have turned violent in the United States . The state 's 2007 revised "  selective exclusion law " makes it a crime for speakers other than clinic "  employees or agents ... acting within the scope of their employment " to "  enter or remain on a public way or sidewalk " within 35 feet of "  a reproductive health care facility . " Anti-abortion activists say the law has kept them from effectively talking with patients approaching the clinic entrances . Demonstrators have appeared regularly at clinics in Boston , Springfield , and Worcester and say they are unfairly singled out for exclusion on public property . Four more conservative justices would have taken the ruling further , saying the law was discriminatory , and that state should not be given the opportunity to go back and adopt new rules at selected facilities . "  The obvious purpose of the challenged portion of the Massachusetts Reproductive Health Care Facilities Act is to ` protect ' prospective clients of abortion clinics from having to hear abortion-opposing speech on public streets and sidewalks , " said Justice Antonin Scalia . "  The provision is thus unconstitutional root and branch and can not be saved , as the majority suggests , by limiting its application to the single facility that has experienced the safety and access problems to which it is quite obviously not addressed . " The last time the high court took a close look at the issue was in 2000 , upholding Colorado 's broad "  no approach zone " regulations . Municipalities in Montana , Florida , California and elsewhere have since enacted similar "  fixed " and "  floating " buffer zone laws for clinics . Those laws will now have to be revisited in light of Thursday 's opinion . The sidewalk outside the Supreme Court itself is the scene of daily anti-abortion protests sponsored by Bound4Life , where mostly young Christian adults stand silent wearing red tape across their mouths with the handwritten word "  LIFE . "	Law created no-protest zones on public property surrounding clinics that perform abortions The ruling gives room for the state to go back and craft new , less restrictive protest zones Massachusetts officials : Issue was more about public safety , pedestrian access to sidewalks Anti-abortion supporters : First Amendment rights were being violated
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- The changes that we are seeing in public attitudes about homosexuality are just the tip of the political iceberg . As Bob Dylan once sang , performing to the Baby Boom generation when it was challenging the prevailing political orthodoxies , "  something is happening here . But you do n't know what it is . Do you , Mr. Jones ? " America 's political parties would do well to listen to Dylan 's song . There are two new generations of Americans who have entered into their adulthood , now in their late 20s , 30s and 40s , who are starting to become more influential in the electorate . Generation X consists of the Americans born in the late 1960s through the late 1970s . Though they were originally thought to have little cohesive identity , their contributions to the computing revolution that transformed the world were immense . They lived through historic moments such as the presidency of Ronald Reagan and the end of the Cold War . The Millennial generation  Generation Y  followed Generation X . This cohort was born between the late 1970s and early 1990s . They have reinvented the way we communicate and have been at the forefront of some of the most dynamic sectors of the economy . Now we have entered a period when these two generations are having a major impact on politics . This is a moment , comparable to the one when the Greatest Generation  New Deal and World War II  came of age or the Baby Boom generation  1960s and 1970s  reached maturity and forced the parties to adjust and change the way they did business . The maturation of X and Y will have implications on the process , substance and relative importance of politics compared with other sectors of society . The impact on the process has already been evident in the last two presidential cycles . These generations consume everything via the Internet and all forms of social media . One of the reasons President Obama did so well was that he brought figures into his campaign , such as Facebook co-founder Christopher Hughes  a Millennial  , to reach younger constituencies through new media . Hughes understood that younger Americans do n't read print newspapers or magazines , they do n't follow the nightly news or look for the most objective reporters , and they expect their information to come to them in short , dynamic and concise data that are filtered and sent via multiple social networks . Television spots , billboards , posters and local volunteers distributing information in person will go only so far in the coming years . Generations X and Y expect to receive and process their information in ways that the parties will have to master . The substance of politics will also change . This has been evident with the recent debates over gay rights . Americans in their 30s and 40s have grown up much more comfortable with homosexuality than their predecessors . Many of them lived through the horrors of the AIDS epidemic , when it became unacceptable to continue adhering to old taboos that prevented serious discussions about public health concerns . They had more friends and family who were openly gay , considering this to be an acceptable and fully normal part of America life . They watched popular culture that was filled with gay characters , such as the two male leads in "  Will and Grace . " When Jerry Seinfeld joked in his show , after being mischaracterized as a homosexual , "  not that there 's anything wrong with that , " these generations laughed and understood . According to Pew Research Center , 70 % of Millennials support gay marriage . Their values will impact other big issues in coming years . X and Y , for instance , grew up in a world that was profoundly shaped by the waves of immigration since 1965 . Its effects are felt in everything from the food they ate to the people they met to the popular entertainers who came from and blended all sorts of cultural traditions . They are also two generations who are deeply attuned to the problems facing the environment and the need for the government to make smart choices about education and technology that will help them and their children survive in a new economic world that provides less stability and requires more adaptability than the one of their parents . While Generation X saw the economic highs of the 1990s suddenly collapse with the dot-com bust , Generation Y , as New York Times reporter Annie Lowery recently wrote , suffered through the financial crisis "  that battered career prospects , drove hundreds of thousands into the shelter of schools or parents basements and left hundreds of thousands of others in continual underemployment . " Many members of X and Y also do n't trust the formal political system to get much done . This is not because the political system betrayed them , the sentiment felt by the Baby Boomers , but because it literally does n't seem to work . The kind of intense partisan polarization that so many older Americans lament as being different from what they experienced in their youth is the only kind of politics that these generations have ever seen . In the 1990s and early 2000s , they have watched as the parties failed to reach agreement on almost every issue , and the nation 's leaders have constantly engaged in a vicious style of combat that leaves all sides injured . The result is that many of them look to other forms of activity to solve public problems , whether through startups or nonprofits . The nation 's political leaders will not only have to reach these generations but will have to win back their trust that politics can work at all . The generations have clearly arrived . Politicians have been extremely slow to respond . But they have no choice . This is no longer the electorate of their father 's and mother 's America . The politicians who want to succeed will have to keep up with expectations , concerns and basic values of Generations X and Y if they want to succeed in the coming decades . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	America 's political climate is changing due to maturity of two generations , says Julian Zelizer Gen X and Y have different attitudes and experiences than baby boomers Zelizer : Politicians are seeing the result on issues such as gay rights , immigration He quotes Dylan : "  Something is happening here . But you do n't know what it is . "
Fort Meade , Maryland  CNN  -- A military prosecutor said Bradley Manning acted as a "  determined insider " in leaking classified information about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and should be locked up for 60 years at least , but the Army private 's lawyer contended he can be rehabilitated and should not "  rot in jail . " The two sides delivered their final sentencing arguments to Col. Denise Lind , the judge who convicted Manning at trial and will now determine his punishment . He faces up to 90 years behind bars for the largest leak of classified information in U.S. history . "  There may not be a soldier in the history of the Army who displayed such an extreme disregard " for his mission as a soldier , Capt. Joe Morrow , the prosecutor , said . His arrogance , according Morrow , meant he "  felt he alone was knowledgeable and intelligent enough to determine what information was to be classified . " Morrow asked that Manning , 25 , serve a minimum sentence of six decades behind bars , saying his actions created grave risk , disrupted diplomatic missions and endangered lives . Defense attorney David Coombs did not ask for a specific sentence , but said his client was an excellent candidate for rehabilitation , and that he should not be left to "  rot in jail . " "  Perhaps his biggest crime was that he cared about the loss of life that he was seeing and could n't ignore it . " Coombs said of Manning 's decision to turn over the explosive information to WikiLeaks . "  This is a young man capable of being redeemed , " Coombs said in final remarks . "  The defense requests , after the court considers all the facts , a sentence that allows him to have a life . " Lind recessed the proceedings until Tuesday morning but it is not clear when she will render a decision . Manning was convicted of numerous counts in July , including espionage-related charges . He avoided a potential life sentence when Lind rejected charges that his actions aided the enemy . In addition to prison , prosecutors also want Manning to forfeit pay and benefits and pay a $ 100,000 fine . Officials indicated a single sentence would cover all of the guilty counts .	Prosecution calls Manning a "  determined insider " in largest leak of classified information Asks judge to send a message to other would-be leakers with prolonged prison sentence Defense says Manning is an excellent case for rehabilitation ; He faces up to 90 years behind bars
A spokesman for eBay said Sunday that the company has removed items described as Holocaust memorabilia from its online auction site . The removal comes after an investigation by Britain 's Mail on Sunday newspaper , which reported that a uniform and a pair of shoes purportedly belonging to concentration camp victims and yellow Star of David armbands were among items offered on the site . "  We are very sorry that these items have been listed on eBay and we are removing them , " eBay spokesman Steve Heywood said . "  We do n't allow listings of this nature , and dedicate thousands of staff to policing our site and use the latest technology to detect items that should n't be for sale . We very much regret that we did n't live up to our own standards . We have made a donation to charity to reflect our concern . " Recounting the nightmares of the Holocaust The Mail reported later Sunday that 30 items had been removed from eBay , and that the company had pledged to give 25,000 pounds  $ 40,000  to charity . The newspaper said its investigation had uncovered a number of Holcaust-related items for sale on the site , including a uniform that purportedly belonged to a Polish baker who died in Auschwitz , on sale for 11,200 pounds  $ 17,900  . Seller Viktor Kempf described himself to The Mail as a historian . "  I have had criticism in the past and I find it upsetting , " he said , according to the newspaper . "  I do n't want people to think I 'm just doing it for the money . These periods in history are horrific , nobody should ever forget them . " EBay 's offensive material policy lists a series of restrictions and guidelines tied to Nazi-related items , but the policy allows some "  historical items " to be sold , such as currency and stamps showing Nazi postmarks . The site generally makes 10 % of the final sale price of item , in addition to possible listing fees . "  It is outrageous , disgusting and disrespectful that eBay sought to profit from the sale of artifacts related to the Nazis ' murder of 6 million Jews , " Robert Singer , CEO of the World Jewish Congress , said in a written statement . "  The company did the right thing by removing the items and apologizing . " Opinion : Holocaust artifacts bear witness 3 plead guilty in scheme to defraud Holocaust reparations fund	World Jewish Congress CEO : "  It is outrageous , disgusting and disrespectful " Report : EBay removes 30 items after a newspaper 's investigation Mail on Sunday : Concentration camp uniform , Star of David armbands were for sale Spokesman : "  We are very sorry that these items have been listed on eBay "
CNN  -- This is no way to run a party . The details of the scandal sweeping the New York Republican Party are tawdry , sad and infuriating -- and a wake-up call to a national party that is urgently seeking to make inroads among black , Latino , and young voters . Barely two weeks after RNC Chairman Reince Priebus and New York state Republican Chairman Ed Cox held a press conference at a black church in Brooklyn to launch the party 's ambitious , $ 10 million diversity campaign , FBI agents arrested Malcolm Smith , a longtime black state legislator . According to federal prosecutors , Smith spent months organizing cash bribes to two top city Republican officials in exchange for a slot on the ballot in this fall 's Republican primary for mayor . Unfortunately for Smith , a real estate tycoon he enlisted to make cash payments was , in fact , an undercover FBI agent , according to federal prosecutors . The criminal complaint against Smith and five others -- including a Republican City Council member and the chairman and vice chairman of two Republican county organizations -- details mind-boggling details of recorded conversations and alleged handovers of envelopes stuffed with money . All the scheming , say prosecutors , was done in the hope that Smith might secure the Republican nomination and somehow win the race for mayor in a city where Democrats outnumber Republicans 6-to-1 . Smith will get his day in court , along with the five other men and women named -- but the damage to the party is incalculable . In a 100-page plan of action , Priebus and the RNC laid out a pilot project to build support among black urban voters , and specifically declared that "  big-city mayoral races provide our best 2013 opportunities for these projects . " New York can probably be crossed off that list , and the fallout will be felt in other cities as the case unfolds . And that 's a shame . Republican leaders are right to make their case to young , urban , black and Latino voters , and should be grooming candidates from all communities . America 's two-party system ca n't function properly if the parties are racially divided . The flirtation with the Republican Party by Smith , a lifelong Democrat -- if done honestly -- might have started a new conversation within black circles about the cost and wisdom of always supporting Democratic candidates and policies . It has long been noticed that black communities contain their share of church-going social conservatives ; the GOP theory is that intelligent outreach to those voters could tilt close contests to Republicans . That 's not likely to happen now . Smith 's troubles -- and the arrest of Republican leaders accused of taking money to advance Smith 's cross-party ambitions -- will supply ammunition to conservative party leaders who are skeptical about the new diversity strategy . The scandal also weakens the argument , popular among national Republicans , that big-city Democratic political machines are corrupt and wasteful . In New York , at least , the shoe is on the other foot , with GOP party leaders in the nation 's biggest city hauled from their homes in handcuffs and facing up to 40 years in prison or more . It now falls to New York 's Republican chairman , Ed Cox , to straighten out this mess . Cox knows his way around a scandal : As the son-in-law of the late President Richard Nixon , he had a ringside seat as the Watergate debacle unfolded . Cox must do whatever it takes to chase any crooked characters out of his party -- and try , against the odds , to continue Priebus ' outreach strategy . Doing so will be a challenge , because the next black or Latino Republican candidate will face the question : Are you another Malcolm Smith ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	State lawmaker accused of bribing GOP officials to put him on ballot for New York mayor Errol Louis : For a party trying to woo blacks and Latinos , the damage is incalculable Louis : It could have started discussions about blacks always supporting Democrats As it is , he says , scandal will hamstring next black or Latino GOP candidate
Jerusalem  CNN  -- As the United Nations was preparing Friday to debate a resolution branding Israeli settlement activity in the West Bank as illegal , Palestinian officials called Obama administration efforts to head off the vote as evidence that American policy is "  biased " and "  seriously wrong . " "  This is a moment of truth because very clearly the Americans so far have placed their strategic alliance with Israel and the legal cover for Israeli violations above their own interests , " said veteran Palestinian legislator and PLO executive committee member Hanan Ashrawi . "  The Americans have very clearly demonstrated to Palestinians , to Arab public opinion , and to world public opinion that they are biased to the point of destruction , " Ashrawi told CNN , echoing an argument made by many Palestinian officials . The resolution being brought to the Security Council by the Palestinians and other Arab states presents a political dilemma for the White House as it tries to navigate policy in a quickly evolving Middle East region . The Obama administration has been critical of Israeli settlement construction in the past , but has not gone as far as to call it "  illegal " and anything short of an American veto of the resolution is bound to deepen tensions with Israel and stir up considerable congressional opposition . On Friday , the U.S. vetoed Friday the resolution . The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Susan Rice , said the United States agrees about "  the folly " of continued Israeli settlement activity , but "  we think it unwise for this council to attempt to resolve the core issues that divide " Israelis and Palestinians . Obama 's first U.N. veto The previous day , White House spokesman Jay Carney said the U.S. does "  not accept the legitimacy of continued settlement activity " and that it is "  corrosive not only to peace efforts and a two-state solution , but to Israel 's future itself . " President Barack Obama on Thursday called Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to discuss the resolution and speak about alternatives to a Security Council vote . Among the options that have been floated , American and Palestinian officials said , was a Security Council presidential statement which is weaker than an actual resolution . Other ideas included stronger future statements from the international peace group known as the Quartet , and the possibility of a Security Council fact finding mission to the region . After the call , Abbas called an emergency Friday meeting of the PLO executive committee to discuss the issue but early indications suggest that the Palestinians will not agree to shelf the resolution . "  If they keep trying to manipulate and water down a resolution to become a statement , and they start selling us used goods again it 's not going to work , " Ashrawi said . "  The legitimacy and strength of any leadership comes from the people not from American approval or disapproval and the Americans Since the breakdown of American-brokered talks with Israel in September over the issue of settlements , the Palestinian Authority has been pursuing a policy aimed at unilaterally declaring a Palestinian state by September based on borders from 1967 and in recent months has won recognition from a number of South American countries . Both United States and Israel oppose the unilateral efforts insisting that all issues in the conflict must be dealt with through direct negotiations . Sabri Saidam , a senior official in Abbas ' Fatah party , said Palestinians were determined to press ahead with the resolution and said the administration needed to adapt to changing regional circumstances . "  Obviously the Untied States has to weigh its options , now amidst all the revolutions that are made and engineered by the people I think the voice of sense should prevail . ... Unless the international community pressures Israel to abide by its will by the will of the international community , it will be hard to see how the entire middle East could come to a rest . "	NEW : U.S. vetoes proposed Security Council resolutuion declaring Israel settlements illegal "  Americans so far have placed their strategic alliance with Israel , " Palestinian legislator said before veto Resolution presented a political dilemma for the White House The Obama administration has been critical of Israeli settlement construction but has not gone as far declaring it illegal
DORCHESTER , Massachusetts  CNN  -- A bell tolled atop Boston 's Faneuil Hall on Thursday as the body of Sen. Edward Kennedy passed through the streets , while mourners lined up outside his late brother 's presidential library for a chance to say goodbye . Members of the public file past Sen. Edward Kennedy 's coffin at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library . Kennedy lay in repose Thursday evening after his flag-draped casket arrived at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library from the family 's Hyannis Port compound on Cape Cod , Massachusetts . An estimated 1,600 people had lined up to view the casket as of 5 p.m. , an hour before friends , family and constituents began to file past . Kennedy died Tuesday night in Hyannis Port after a 15-month battle with brain cancer . He was 77 , and had represented Massachusetts in the Senate since 1962 . As his cortege passed through Boston , a bell at Faneuil Hall was rung 47 times -- once for each of Kennedy 's 47 years in office . Watch well wishers say goodbye to Kennedy " Faneuil Hall was where Kennedy launched his ill-fated 1980 presidential campaign , and it was one of several stops the procession made along the way . It crossed the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway , a park named for the senator 's mother and one-time family matriarch , and passed the Massachusetts State House and the home that John Kennedy lived in when he first ran for Congress in 1946 . Learn more about Kennedy 's funeral arrangements " Kennedy 's body will lie in repose through Friday at the library , with a memorial service to be held there Friday evening . Vice President Joe Biden , Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry and Arizona Sen. John McCain will be among the speakers at the memorial . View reaction from public figures At least 40 of Kennedy 's fellow senators and former presidents Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush are expected to attend Saturday 's funeral at Our Lady of Perpetual Help Basilica in Boston 's Mission Hill section , a short distance from the library . President Obama , who called Kennedy an "  extraordinary leader " Wednesday , will deliver a eulogy at the funeral , according to several sources . Prime Minister Brian Cowen of Ireland , the famous clan 's ancestral homeland , and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown are also expected to attend , a family spokesman told CNN . Watch a profile of Kennedy 's wives " Kennedy will be buried Saturday evening at Arlington National Cemetery , outside Washington . Kennedy is eligible for burial at Arlington due to his congressional service and his tenure in the Army from 1951 to 1953 . The proposed gravesite is 95 feet south of the grave of Sen. Robert Kennedy , which is in turn just steps away from John Kennedy 's burial site . Bad weather could affect Saturday 's ceremonies . Tropical Storm Danny , now churning east of the Bahamas , is expected to brush the East Coast and be near Cape Cod by Saturday evening . CNN 's John King , Alec Miran and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Body will lie in repose Thursday and Friday at library in Boston , Massachusetts President Obama , three former presidents to attend funeral Sen. Ted Kennedy 's funeral will be Saturday at Boston 's Mission Church Massachusetts service will precede burial in Arlington National Cemetery
CNN  -- Tim Cahill scored twice as Australia opened their Asian Cup campaign with a convincing 4-0 win over India in their Group C match in Doha Monday . South Korea , like Australia one of the favorites to win the tournament , later beat Bahrain 2-1 to join the Socceroos at the head of the standings . Everton star Cahill opened the scoring in the 11th minute as he netted at the near post after a fine cross from Brett Emerton . Galatasaray 's Harry Kewell doubled the advantage with a fine long-range strike midway through the half , his 14th goal for the Socceroos . Emerton laid on the third just before halftime with another cross from the right which was met by the head of Brett Holman . In-depth guide to the Asian Cup India battled hard to limit their losses , but Cahill added the fourth after the break as he rose well to head home his second from a pinpoint cross by Luke Wilkshire . It was a convincing start for Holger Osieck 's men , who fluffed their opening lines with a goalless draw in their first appearance in the Asia Cup four years ago against Oman . They also lost to eventual winners Iraq before going out to Japan on penalties in the quarterfinals . "  It was very important to get a good start , to find our rhythm , to get a performance together , " Osieck told AFP . Rank outsiders India , coached by Englishman Bob Houghton , are making their first appearance in the Asian Cup for 27 years and looked out of their depth against an Australia team with several English Premier League regulars . South Korea were given a stiffer challenge by a battling Bahrain side but a double from Koo Ja-Cheol either side of halftime gave them a comfortable advantage they could have increased . However , there was a tense finish to the contest as Korea had Kwak Tae-Hwi sent off after bringing down Abdulla Al-Dakeel inside the penalty area . Faouzi Aaish netted from the spot and the match ended with the 10-man Koreans under pressure before securing three points and revenge for a defeat to Bahrain in the 2007 competition .	NEW : 10-man South Korea beat Bahrain 2-1 in their Asian Cup opener Tim Cahill scores twice in opening in earlier victory for Australia 's Socceroos Harry Kewell and Brett Holman also on target in 4-0 win over India Australia and South Korea among the favorites to win the tournament
CNN  -- J.J. Abrams cast a meaty hook into the Web waters on Aug. 19 , a teaser for a new entertainment project that we may or may not know anything about . The mystery box angler loves using this kind of bait : "  Stranger " is reminiscent of his puzzling promo stuff for Super-8 or the crypto-content that the "  Lost " brain trust used to feed fans during hiatus .  Remember "  The Last Supper " ads prior to season 6 ?  Decoding this kind of stuff is n't for everyone . And for some , it annoys as much as it amuses . Regardless : We 're biting . Because we are easily amused , and because we ran out of " Breaking Bad " analysis to read , and because no one knows how to bait a hook quite like J.J. Abrams . We love how he turns marketing hype into storytelling fun . What 's "  Stranger " about ? Five theories -- none of which involve "  Star Wars Episode VII "  we assume it 's still wayyy too early for that  . Star Wars Galaxy : See Full Coverage 1 . It 's a tease for NBC 's "  Believe , " a new show from J.J. Abrams and director Alfonso Cuaron coming early next year . A sci-fi/fantasy series with elements reminiscent of "  Firestarter , " "  Harry Potter " and Kung Fu , "  Believe " concerns a girl named Bo  the spectacularly named Johnny Sequoyah  with emerging supernatural abilities , raised and protected by a group known as "  True Believers " for a righteous purpose . Evil forces threaten to exploit , corrupt or destroy her , so the Believers bust a death row inmate out of the clink to serve as her bodyguard . The "  Stranger " teaser shows a man with stringy hair crawling out of the ocean in the dead of night . This could be Bo 's protector , Tate  Jack McLaughlin  , who also has stringy hair , and we could be witnessing the dénouement of his prison escape . The seemingly sinister watcher with the stitched lips could be an evil agent . Or maybe the righteous , shadowy Believers prefer fearsome visages . Does this video presage a viral video series that will flesh out character backstory or mythology for "  Believe " ? Because that would be a cool idea . 2 . It 's a tease for a new novel written by Doug Dorst in collaboration with J.J. Abrams , scheduled for publication on October 29 . The book is entitled "  S. " and Mulholland Books summarizes the opus hazily and thusly : "  At the core of this multilayered literary puzzle of love and adventure is a book of mysterious provenance . In the margins , another tale unfolds -- through the hand-scribbled notes , questions , and confrontations of two readers . Between the pages , online , and in the real world , you 'll find evidence of their interaction , ephemera that bring this tale vividly to life . " In other words : "  S. " is more than a novel . It 's a transmedia entertainment experience , with viral elements that apparently include this postcard from a seaside town in Brazil . Sounds like "  House of Leaves " meets "  Griffin and Sabine : An Extraordinary Correspondence " meets "  The 39 Clues " meets the cult classic UPN TV series "  Nowhere Man . " Is the  amnesiac ?  "  Stranger " who washes up on the beach in the video the "  S " of the book 's title ? A telling clue ? Dorst 's previous novels include "  Alive In Necropolis "  sewn lips guy in video = living dead guy  and "  The Surf Guru "  guy crawling out of surf = well , surf  . 3 . It 's a tease for a new TV series produced by J.J. Abrams for Warner Bros. . Television based on the DC Comics superhero the Phantom Stranger . I really , really , really want this to be true . 4 . It 's a tease for a "  Lost " spin-off series , to be told through viral videos and other alt media . All new mysterious castaways ! All new mysterious Others ! All new mysterious mysteries to mystify and mystery mystery yadda yadda yadda mystery OH LIKE YOU DO N'T WANT THIS . 5 . It 's a tease for a "  Star Wars " movie about a runaway Boba Fett clone who escapes the hatchery on Kamino and teams up with a rogue Jedi with sewn lips to open a fish taco stand on Tatooine . We could n't resist . But again , as utterly and totally plausible as this theory sounds : Too soon . Your theories ? See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	J.J. Abrams posted a teaser video for a new project The nature of the project is still under wraps Abrams is known to bait fans with mysterious promos
CNN  -- A militant attack on a government vehicle in Yemen 's business capital , Aden , Wednesday , killed a political security officer and injured seven others , three senior security officials said . The incident happened as the intelligence officers were heading to work . The injured were taken to a government hospital . Eyewitnesses told CNN that heavy artillery was used in the attack . Security officials blamed al Qaeda . "  This is not the first time intelligence officers were attacked in Aden , " said a senior security official who is not authorized to talk to media . "  At least 34 have been killed or injured since last September . " A dozen such attacks have taken place in Aden over the last six months , he said . "  We believe that at least four militants were involved in the attack , " the official said . "  The government will not give additional details before the investigation is complete . " Large explosions were heard in Aden earlier in the day , however no casualties were reported . Political experts have long doubted that al Qaeda is behind the attacks despite the government claims , and instead believe that members of the old regime are to blame . "  The government has been practicing a dangerous tactic by weakening the political security because its loyalty is not to the ruling family , " said Abdul Salam Mohammed , Chairman of Abaad Strategic Center . "  These attacks were expected and many others will follow . " Ansaar al-Sharia , an extremist militant group in neighboring Abyan province , has been clashing with government troops for nine months . It controls large areas of the province after security forces evacuated from a number of its military bases there last year . Ansaar al-Sharia has threatened to take over Aden and announce a crescent shaped Islamic emirate in south Yemen .	Officials say dozens have been killed in recent months in Aden The government blames al Qaeda for the attacks Some analysts say members of the old regime may be involved
CNN  -- Four people died after a small plane crashed into a building near Wichita 's Mid-Continent Airport in southern Kansas on Thursday morning , city Fire Marshal Brad Crisp said . While five people were initially transported to the hospital , three of those patients were reportedly treated and released . "  Firefighters engaged in a horrific fight for several minutes . We have the fire under control . We are in the process of trying to determine if all the employees and visitors who may have been in the building are accounted for , " Fire Chief Ron Blackwell told CNN affiliate KSNW . About 50 to 60 firefighters responded and were evacuated after the structure was deemed unstable , Wichita police said . Two of those killed were inside the building when the plane crashed , police said . The pilot was killed , CNN affiliates reported . One of the injured was in serious condition and another in fair condition , an official with Via Christi Health , a local hospital , told KSNW . The other three , who were in good condition earlier in the day , were released , the station reported . FAA and National Transportation Safety Board investigators are on the scene . "  There is a small aircraft that went into the FlightSafety building " near Mid-Continent Airport , said Steve Phillips , a FlightSafety International spokesman . The plane was a Hawker Beechcraft B200 Super King Air , Phillips said . It was en route to Mena , Arkansas , CNN affiliate KWCH reported . The FAA said the twin-engine plane lost an engine on takeoff and crashed into a two-story building , KSNW reported . The roof on the building 's eastern side has collapsed , the station reported . No information has yet been released on the identities of those in the plane or in the building . According to one aviation website , the aircraft can carry as many as 13 passengers . It "  crashed into the roof of our training center . I have no information on how many on board , " Phillips said . "  We have the manager of the training center on site , and he 's making sure everyone is OK , but I do n't have an answer for that . " The building is across the street from the airport , he said . There were about 100 people inside the building at the time , Blackwell told KWCH . Video from KSNW showed thick smoke rising from the building at 10:20 a.m.  11:20 a.m. ET  . Flights were operating normally , though some roads around the airport were blocked off , the airport said in a tweet . "  The building has sustained serious damage , including the collapse of walls and ceilings , " read another airport tweet . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Pilot was among victims ; two of the dead were on the ground Official : A Hawker Beechcraft King Air crashed into a building near Wichita 's airport Part of building 's roof collapses
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Anna Nicole Smith 's former bodyguard , who accused Howard K. Stern of injecting her with drugs , acknowledged he went public with the charge only after Stern called him a thief on CNN . Maurice "  Mo " Brighthaupt , who testified Friday for the prosecution , was cross-examined Monday by defense lawyers for Stern and Drs. Khristine Eroshevich and Sandeep Kapoor . The three are on trial in Los Angeles County Superior Court on charges of conspiring to provide drugs to an addict and using false names on Smith 's drug prescriptions . While Brighthaupt was harsh when speaking about Smith 's lawyer/boyfriend , he had praise for Eroshevich , a psychologist who was also Smith 's Studio City , California , neighbor . She flew to the Bahamas to be with Smith after her 20-year-old son , Daniel , died in Smith 's hospital room just days after she gave birth to a daughter . Eroshevich was "  very soothing " and "  talked to her like a mother , " counseling Smith about how to deal with the grief , Brighthaupt said . The prosecution alleged both doctors gave the former Playboy model and reality-TV star a steady flow of dangerous painkillers and anti-anxiety drugs while knowing she was a drug addict . The charges cover the last three years of Smith 's life , which ended in a Florida hotel room with her death caused by "  acute combined drug intoxication " on February 8 , 2007 . The defense countered Smith was not an addict under the legal definition because her demand for drugs was fueled by chronic pain , anxiety and depression , especially after her son 's death . "  She was a hurt woman , " Brighthaupt said of Smith in the months after her son died . Although she was "  unbearably depressed , " she would feel better for a while after taking the medications given to her by Eroshevich , he said . Eroshevich worked to keep Smith on a schedule with her medicines , resisting the actress ' demands to take pills early . It was something Smith demanded "  all the time , " he said . The doctor kept Smith on a regular eating and sleeping schedule , he said . Chloral Hydrate , a sleep medication prescribed by Eroshevich , "  appeared to be one medication that helped her sleep , " he said . Eroshevich also helped Smith financially , he said , helping to pay some expenses when Smith had "  cash flow issues . " Smith would get upset when Eroshevich mentioned she would have to leave the Bahamas to attend to her practice in California , he said . "  She would do a lot of whining , " which he said was one way Smith manipulated people to get her way . Brighthaupt said he never saw Smith abusing prescription drugs before her son 's death . The times he saw her intoxicated was when someone would slip her Ecstasy or alcohol , he said . Stern 's defense lawyer , Steve Sadow , grilled Brighthaupt for more than an hour Monday morning about his direct testimony in which he said he saw Stern inject Smith with drugs . Brighthaupt reluctantly acknowledged that the first time he related that story in public was just days after he saw Stern 's interview with CNN 's Larry King on October 10 , 2007 . Stern told King , "  I was a thief , " he said . He denied Sadow 's suggestion that Stern 's interview angered him , insisting that he was only "  a little disappointed . " It was a week later , however , that Brighthaupt accepted $ 10,000 from entertainment news show "  Access Hollywood " to license the use of some Smith photos and for an interview . He acknowledged that the interview was the first time he publicly said Stern injected Smith with drugs . Brighthaupt also related the story days later to a California drug investigator . The trial , which began last week , is expected to last up to three months .	Her bodyguard calls Anna Nicole 's doctor "  very soothing " Smith was "  unbearably obsessed " after her son 's death , Maurice Brighthaupt testifies Howard K. Stern 's defense lawyer questions key prosecution witness 's motives Stern and two doctors are charged in a drug conspiracy in Smith 's 2007 death
CIMA , California -- Driving along a pockmarked road amid rocks and Joshua trees in a lonely southern California desert , religious controversy might be the last thing you 'd expect to encounter . A judge ruled the Mojave Cross must be covered until a First Amendment issue can be resolved . And if you do n't look too closely , you 're likely to zip right past the focus of a hotly contested Supreme Court battle . A federal judge has ordered the Mojave Cross , a war memorial erected by a veterans group 75 years ago , to be covered . It 's boxed in plywood . The issue is less about what the cross symbolizes and more about where it sits : In the middle of the Mojave National Preserve , which is government land . The high court on Wednesday will consider whether the display violates the First Amendment 's provision for a separation of church and state . Watch details of the cross case " More specifically , does an individual who protests the cross have legal standing to take the case to court ? Do congressional efforts to minimize the appearance of a constitutional violation carry any weight ? View details on other cases awaiting the Supreme Court " "  Religion is always very hard fought in the Supreme Court , and this is no exception , " said Thomas Goldstein , a Washington appellate attorney and co-founder of scotusblog.com . "  A single cross on a single plot of land has given rise to this huge constitutional controversy . The court will look at whether Congress , with a kind of wink and a nod ,  can  say that this governmental cross is now on private land or are we  going to  say , no this is a governmental war monument and it has a religious symbol on it . " Riley Bembry , who served as a medic in World War I , helped erect the cross in 1934 . It sits on a 4,000-foot plateau and was a place of reflection for many vets who retreated to the desert in part to recover from severe lung diseases caused by mustard gas attacks during the Great War . An annual Easter service is held there , but until recently only locals knew about it . The site is not on any maps . Watch a video about the Mojave monument " Bembry never got permission from the government to erect the cross , but for decades nobody seemed to care . He was the caretaker of the memorial for five decades until he died in 1984 . In 1994 , 1.6 million acres of desert -- including the land with the cross on it -- was transferred to the National Park Service . A few years later , a resident wanted to put up a Buddhist shrine near the cross . The request was denied . Frank Buono , a former deputy superintendent of the preserve , filed a lawsuit with the help of the ACLU , claiming federal officials were acting unfairly . "  He thinks that the government is in effect misappropriating this sacred symbol and trying to give it just a secular meaning , " said Peter Eliasberg , managing attorney of the ACLU of Southern California . "  It strikes me as sort of odd that it just happens to be in that shape , " Eliasberg said . "  If what they really wanted to do was have a war memorial , there are hundreds of other shapes that it could be in . ... Mr. Buono does not have an objection to the government having a war memorial there that 's in the shape of a soldier , or that 's in the shape of the Vietnam memorial . " A federal court ordered the cross removed earlier this decade . A judge ruled that until the dispute is settled the cross had to be covered . In 2001 Congress got involved . Lawmakers prohibited the Park Service from spending federal dollars to remove the display . A year later , they designated the site a national memorial similar to the Washington Monument and Mount Rushmore . More importantly , the Republican-led Congress agreed to transfer one acre of land around the cross in exchange for five private acres inside the preserve . A San Francisco , California-based appeals court turned that offer down , saying it failed to satisfy Constitutional concerns . The land swap "  would leave a little donut hole of land with a cross in the midst of a vast federal preserve " the court said . The Supreme Court has traditionally taken a case-by-case approach to similar First Amendment cases . Among other things , it has upheld tax exemptions for churches and the mention of "  God " on U.S. currency . Test your Supreme Court knowledge " At the same time , it has banned government-sponsored school prayer and imposed limits on public aid to parochial schools . In 2005 , a Ten Commandments monument on the Texas Statehouse grounds was allowed to stand because it was surrounded by historical markers . But the same day , the placement of Ten Commandment parchments in two Kentucky county courthouses was ruled unconstitutional . The high court called them "  a governmental effort substantially to promote religion . " Earlier this year , the justices ruled that a small religious group could not erect a granite monument in a Utah park next to an existing Ten Commandments display . This time , the Obama administration will argue in favor of keeping the cross and allowing the land transfer . The implications of the case could extend beyond the Mojave Cross . Individual gravestones are not at issue , but war memorials have long featured religious imagery . "  There are 5 million veterans that we represent ... would be quite shocked and horrified to know that those memorials and the symbols chosen by vets 75 years or 100 years ago would suddenly have to be torn down by a bulldozer , " said Hiram Sasser , attorney for the Liberty Legal Institute . Wanda and Henry Sandoz have been taking care of the memorial since Bembry passed away . They shake their heads over the legal fight that will take them to Washington . "  I hope it wo n't be too long before we can look at the cross again without that stupid box , " Wanda Sandoz said . "  Yep , really . We 'll repaint it , " Henry Sandoz said . "  I already bought some white paint , " Wanda Sandoz said . CNN national correspondent Kate Bolduan contributed to this report	A war memorial erected in the shape of a cross was covered by plywood The cross is located on government property Justices will decide whether the display violates the First Amendment It 's "  sort of odd that it just happens to be in that shape , " said an ACLU attorney
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- With polls closed for a Zimbabwe runoff that opposition politicians and international observers call a sham , alleged torture victims who support former candidate Morgan Tsvangirai said Friday that they back his decision to pull out of the race . Many of the injured being treated at a private hospital in Harare , Zimbabwe , asked not to be identified . "  It 's a good move by my president , Morgan Tsvangirai , " said a 26-year-old Movement for Democratic Change activist who said he was forced to stand on hot coals and had boiling water poured on him about a week ago . "  There 's no use going for an election . " The man , who displayed a large , pale , blistered patch on his back , asked not to be identified -- as did others being treated at a private hospital in Harare -- for fear of further attacks by gangs supportive of President Robert Mugabe . All of the victims said they were taken to "  torture bases " by the gangs , made up of young men and soldiers . In the March 29 election , MDC officials said their polling showed Tsvangirai clearly defeating Mugabe , who at 84 is the only president Zimbabwe has had since it gained independence from Britain in 1980 . But after delaying the release of results for more than a week , the country 's electoral commission -- which is made up of Mugabe appointees -- said that although Tsvangirai got more votes , he did n't top the 50 percent needed to avoid a runoff . MDC supporters had already reported violence against them by police , military members and other supporters of Mugabe 's Zanu-PF party . But in the weeks leading up to the runoff , the reports increased in frequency and intensity . More than 70 people were killed in attacks since the election , according to the MDC . Mugabe 's supporters have claimed that those attacks were against his party members , a claim international observers , including the United Nations , have disputed . Watch victims say they were taken to torture camps " Tsvangirai and other party leaders were repeatedly arrested by police or detained on their way to political rallies . And reports of beatings and other intimidation tactics were common in areas where the MDC had made strong showings in the election . "  Mostly for the rural people -- the police would come in for the Zanu-PF , so the area was very tense , " said a municipal worker at the hospital , who said he was kicked and had burning plastic poured on his skin about three or four days ago . "  Everyone was beaten . Whether Zanu-PF or MDC . There was chaos in the country . " George Charamba , a spokesman for Mugabe , insisted that the vote was "  free and fair . " Charamba denied that any pressure was being used . Asked about images from Zimbabwe showing what is reported to be violence against members of the opposition , he responded , "  I thought we are long past the age where we could consider pictures as not lying . It 's very , very easy for anyone to stage-manage a demonstration , and a violent one at that . " Last weekend , Tsvangirai withdrew from the runoff , saying there was no way the result would be legitimate . He has spent much of the time since living in the Dutch Embassy in Harare in fear for his safety . Early Friday , the municipal worker said he was considering whether to heed Tsvangirai 's call for his supporters to not vote in the election , but the question may be moot . The gangs took his identification card and threw it into a fire , he said . Another man and a woman treated for broken hands at the hospital said they were tortured and had boiling water poured on their genitals for being MDC supporters . The man said he was forced to drink sewage . Meanwhile , Mugabe laughed and mugged for reporters from Zimbabwe 's state-run media as he cast his ballot at a high school . "  Very optimistic , upbeat ... and hungry , " he said when asked how he was feeling .	Morgan Tsvangirai 's supporters back his withdrawal from runoff Some say they were taken to "  torture bases " by supporters of Mugabe A man and a woman being treated for broken hands said they were tortured Mugabe laughed and mugged for reporters as he cast his ballot at a high school
Washington  CNN  -- A 28-year-old Virginia man was held late Wednesday on a charge of assault with a deadly weapon after a security guard was wounded in the lobby of the Family Research Council , a conservative policy organization , authorities said . Police and federal agents were investigating what prompted the suspect , identified by the FBI as Floyd Lee Corkins II , to walk into the group 's headquarters about 10:45 a.m. and open fire . Corkins , is from Herndon , a suburb of Washington , the FBI said in a statement about the charge . The guard helped wrestle the gunman to the ground . Called a hero by police , the security officer was in stable condition after being shot in the arm . A law enforcement official said the gunman made some remarks opposing the Family Research Council 's policies before opening fire . A source working with the DC Center for the LGBT Community told CNN that Corkins had worked as a volunteer at the center . David Mariner , executive director of that center , released a statement Wednesday night saying he was "  shocked to hear that someone who has volunteered with the DC Center could be the cause of such a tragic act of violence . "  No matter the circumstances , we condemn such violence in the strongest terms possible . We hope for a full and speedy recovery for the victim and our thoughts are with him and his family , " Mariner said in the statement . Warning signs of violence : What to do A backpack and a vehicle believed to belong to the suspect were recovered , the law enforcement official told CNN . The suspect 's weapon was a legally obtained 9mm handgun , according to another law enforcement official . The suspect had obtained the weapon "  fairly recently " from a gun shop in Virginia . The council is a Christian group that has pushed family and anti-abortion issues and religious liberties . It has been a leading opponent of same-sex marriage . The Family Research Council recently backed restaurant chain Chick-fil-A after the company 's president , Dan Cathy , said the company supports traditional marriage . Investigators said that it was too early to say whether the organization was targeted for its political views , but made clear that would be part of the investigation . "  We do n't know enough yet about him or his circumstances to be able to determine his connection to this group or to the business or to what , you know , mentally what he 's doing or thinking . So we 're going to try to sort it all out , and pull the evidence together , do as many interviews as we can , and get it all together , " said FBI Assistant Director James McJunkin . 3 killed in shootings near Texas A&M University DC Police Chief Cathy Lanier said the man entered the building in downtown Washington and was "  confronted by a security guard . " The suspect opened fire , striking the guard . "  The security officer here is a hero as far as I 'm concerned . He did his job . The person never made it past , farther then the front door , " Lanier said . Steve Biondi , a tourist from New York , said he witnessed the first two police officers arrive at the scene . They ordered the suspect to put the gun down . The man got on the ground , and did not appear to put up a fight , according to Biondi . By the numbers : Guns in America He described the suspect as about 6 feet tall and weighing about 240 pounds . The FBI 's Jacqueline Maguire said the case is being worked jointly by the FBI and the Metropolitan Police Department "  to determine motive/intent and whether a hate crime/terrorism nexus exists . " Family Research Council President Tony Perkins said "  our first concern is with our colleague who was shot today . Our concern is for him and his family . " Launched in 1983 , the Family Research Council says it promotes "  faith , family and freedom in public policy and public opinion . " Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney said he was appalled by the incident . "  There is no place for such violence in our society , " he said in a statement . "  My prayers go out to the wounded security guard and his family , as well as all the people at the Family Research Council whose sense of security has been shattered by today 's horrific events . " The National Organization for Marriage , which has actively campaigned against same-sex marriage efforts , also condemned what it termed an attack on the Family Research Council . After shootings , opinions on gun control have n't changed Opinion : Politicians hammered by the NRA 5 things gun owners want you to know CNN 's Greg Seaby , Javi Morgado , Paul Courson , Sandra Endo , Mike M. Ahlers and Dan Gilgoff contributed to this report .	Suspect , 28 , held on assault with a deadly weapon charge , FBI says Suspect allegedly made comments about organization , official says No motive for the shooting has been established , authorities say The Family Research Council promotes conservative social policies
CNN  -- A Dutch court Friday ruled against letting a 14-year-old girl sail solo around the world , saying she is not experienced enough to make the trip on her own . Laura Dekker would be allowed to travel from July 1 of next year if she fulfills certain requirements the court established for her to sail . In August , Dutch authorities placed Dekker under state care for two months , following her parents ' refusal to prevent her from undertaking the potentially dangerous voyage . Dekker is seeking to become the youngest person to sail solo around the world . The current record holder is 17-year-old British teenager Mike Perham who completed his nine-month voyage in August .	Dutch court rules 14-year-old Laura Dekker can not embark upon solo sailing trip Plans to ensure Dekker 's safety during planned trip insufficient Judge said Dutch authorities placed Dekker under state care in August
CNN  -- Deposed Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya will not be reinstated as head of state , an overwhelming majority of the Honduran congress voted Wednesday . In an hours-long process , 111 lawmakers voted in favor of a motion not to return Zelaya to office . A majority of 65 votes in the 128-member body was required to reject his reinstatement . Zelaya was removed from office in a military-led coup on June 28 and replaced by congressional leader Roberto Micheletti . On Wednesday , lawmakers voted one by one and addressed the chamber as they cast their vote , making for a slow process . The vote was a key part of a U.S.-brokered pact that representatives for Zelaya and Micheletti signed October 29 , giving Congress the power to decide Zelaya 's fate . The United States expressed disappointment Thursday over the latest rebuff to its diplomatic efforts to end the political crisis in Honduras . U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Arturo Valenzuela continued to call on the Honduran government to allow Zelaya 's return and to create a unity government in the interim period before the new president takes office next month . "  We are disappointed by this decision since the United States had hoped the -LSB- Honduran -RSB- Congress would have approved his return , " Valenzuela said in a conference call with journalists in Washington . "  Our policy since June 28 has been consistently principled . It has condemned the coup d'etat and continued to accept President Zelaya as the democratically elected and legitimate leader of Honduras throughout this political crisis . " The United States continues to call for Honduras to engage in national reconciliation and creation of a truth commission to investigate the crisis , in addition to the unity government . "  The absence of democratic , constitutional order is the unacceptable status quo , " a senior U.S. administration official said on the conference call , remaining anonymous under the ground rules of the call and because of the sensitivity of the situation . "  The election is a step toward a day where Honduras will have an electorally legitimate government in place . " Zelaya , who says he does not recognize the election , also has said he would not accept the post even if Congress voted him back in . Accepting the job , he said , would legitimize the coup . Many nations said before the Sunday 's election they would withhold recognition if Zelaya were not returned to power . Some countries , such as the United States , Colombia and Costa Rica , have said they will recognize Lobo . Others , such as Argentina , Brazil and Spain , have said they will not . Despite the diplomatic pressure from abroad , lawmakers were voting the will of the people , Congressman Juan Angel Rivera Tabora said . "  History will judge us , and I 'm certain it will judge us positively , " he said . "  Congress did n't make this problem . The problem came to us . " Those voting against Zelaya echoed those sentiments . After the coup , the same body voted to install Micheletti as interim president . Wednesday vote only happened because the agreement between the two sides called for it , many lawmakers repeated . Zelaya 's supporters argued that the coup was an illegal act that only restitution could heal . Congress sought opinions from the nation 's Supreme Court and other bodies before holding the vote . The court ruled last week that Zelaya can not return to office without facing trial on charges that he acted unconstitutionally when he tried to hold a vote that could have led to the removal of presidential term limits . The Supreme Court ruled before the coup that the vote was illegal and Congress had forbidden it . The coup came on the day the term-limits vote was to have been held . Micheletti and his supporters have insisted that Zelaya 's removal was a constitutional transfer of power , not a coup . But the United Nations , the Organization of American States , the European Union and most nations -- including the United States -- condemned the coup and demanded that Zelaya be reinstated immediately . He was n't . Zelaya , who was flown out of the country while still in his pajamas on the day of the coup , has been staying at the Brazilian Embassy in Honduras ' capital since secretly returning to the country September 21 .	111 of 128 lawmakers vote against reinstating ousted leader Jose Manuel Zelaya Vote part of U.S.-brokered pact between Zelaya , de facto President Roberto Micheletti Zelaya was removed as president in June 28 military-backed coup Hondurans elected a new president , Porfirio Lobo Sosa , on Sunday
Mental Floss  -- President Barack Obama turns 48 on Tuesday . While the first family encourages you to send contributions to your favorite charity in lieu of the White House , if you insist on doing some last-minute birthday shopping for 44 , you might consider a pair of jeans or a case of Bud Light . For some historical precedent , here 's a look back at some of the more interesting presidential gifts . Future president Barack Obama and his family blow out the candles on his birthday cake in 2004 . George W. Bush : Raw lamb President Bush and his family received about 1,000 gifts per month during his two terms in office . Bush 's haul included an iPod from U2 lead singer , Bono , "  The Worst-Case Scenario Survival Handbook " and vocabulary-building game from the Sultan of Brunei , and an electric harp with a speakerphone from Vietnam . The most unusual gift Bush received may have been the 300 pounds of raw lamb meat from the president of Argentina in 2003 . The lamb , like all gifts from overseas , was accepted by the Office of the President on behalf of the nation , and passed along to the General Services Administration . Most non-perishable gifts of state end up in presidential libraries or the National Archives . Bill Clinton : Portraits -- on a carpet We 'll say this for President Heydar Aliyev 's gift to President Clinton : It was unique . The president of Azerbaijan wanted his gift to be representative of Azerbaijani craftsmanship , so he called upon Kamil Aliyev , a renowned carpet portrait artist . Kamil Aliyev 's design featured the first couple inside a heart-shaped medallion , the first double portrait he ever attempted . "  I wanted to convey their lives as one beating heart , " he said . While Aliyev designed the carpet and dyed the yarn , 12 young women were employed to help complete the portrait in 10 weeks . Heydar Aliyev presented the carpet to the Clintons in August 1997 . George H.W. Bush : Komodo dragon In 1990 , the president of Indonesia presented a Komodo dragon to President Bush . Perhaps worried that the venomous , flesh-eating lizard would n't play nice with Millie , the first dog , Bush donated the dragon , named Naga , to the Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden . Naga , who sired 32 offspring , died of an abdominal infection at the age of 24 in 2007 . During his stay in Cincinnati , Naga was a star attraction , drawing about one million visits each year . Mental Floss : The bizarre history of White House pets Ronald Reagan : Embroidered saddle President Reagan , who was gifted 372 belt buckles while in office , also received enough tacking equipment during his time in Washington to outfit an entire stable . Jimmy Carter : Metamorphic portrait Mexican President Jose Lopez Portillo commissioned Octavio Ocampo to paint a portrait of President Carter in Ocampo 's trademark metamorphic style , which juxtaposes various images within a larger image to create an optical illusion . Carter 's image in the portrait is created out of national symbols , including buildings , flags , sailing ships , and truck convoys . Portillo presented the portrait to Carter in 1979 . Richard Nixon : Edible portraits A Pakistani man 's gift to President Nixon required an unusual accessory to fully appreciate . S. Nabi Ahmed Rizvi provided a magnifying glass inside a plush blue velvet box , along with two snapshots of himself and two grains of rice . One grain of rice featured a portrait of Nixon as president ; the other featured a portrait of a young Nixon in the Navy . The gift was displayed as part of the National Portrait Gallery 's "  To the President : Folk Portraits by the People " exhibit . John F. Kennedy : Carved peach pit What better way to show your president you admire him than by carving his likeness into a peach pit ? R.J. McErlean 's remarkable ode to JFK features a portrait of Kennedy and the inscription "  President John F. Kennedy of the United States . " An eagle on a shield is carved on the left side of the pit , above a depiction of Saint Christopher . Harry S. Truman : Bowling alley A two-lane bowling alley was installed in the White House in 1947 as a birthday gift to President Truman . No matter that he had n't bowled since he was 19 , Truman knocked down seven pins on the first roll at the alley , which was paid for by donors from Truman 's home state of Missouri and moved to the Old Executive Office Building in 1955 . Truman did n't use the alley much himself - he was more of a poker player -- but the addition was a big hit with Truman 's staff , some of whom formed a bowling league . Mental Floss : The White House lanes and other famous bowling alleys Franklin D. Roosevelt : A giant cake The birthday cake presented to FDR on the occasion of his 59th birthday was 5 feet high and weighed 300 pounds . The cake was a gift of the Bakery and Confectionary Workers International Union of America . Along with the cake , the union donated $ 500 to FDR 's "  Fight Infantile-Paralysis " campaign . Rutherford B. Hayes : Carved lemon When life gives you lemons , make pigs . A lemon carved to look like a pig was presented to President Hayes and later featured in an exhibit at the Herbert Hoover presidential library titled , "  Weird and Wonderful : Gifts Fit For a President . " Museum director Richard N. Smith said at the time , "  It looks a little like you 'd expect a 110-year-old lemon to look . " While she may or may not have been the inspiration for the bizarre gift , Hayes ' wife , Lucy , was nicknamed "  Lemonade Lucy " because she banned alcoholic beverages at state functions . Abraham Lincoln : Clothes While he donated most of the wine and liquor he received to military hospitals , President Lincoln made good use of many of the other gifts showered upon him throughout his presidency . He was inaugurated in a suit donated by Titsworth and Brothers of Chicago , and , according to Lincoln scholar Harold Holzer , is reported to have told his wife , "  There is one thing to come out of this scrape anyhow . We are going to have some new clothes ! " Thomas Jefferson : Cheese One of the earliest recorded gifts of state was the mammoth cheese presented to President Jefferson by the Republican Baptists in Cheshire , Massachusetts , in 1802 . To celebrate Jefferson 's election , town elder John Leland inspired his Baptist congregation to manufacture a 1,235-pound cheese to give to the president . When it was finished , the cheese was filled with milk from the town 's cows , save for those owned by the hated Federalists . The cheese was inscribed with the phrase "  Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God " and presented to Jefferson after a month-long journey to Washington on New Year 's Day 1802 . Jefferson , who had a policy not to accept free gifts , insisted that he pay $ 200 for the cheese . Mental Floss : The maggot cheese of the Mediterranean George Washington : A federal holiday In 1880 , Congress created "  Washington 's Birthday , " the first federal holiday to honor an American-born citizen . The holiday was celebrated on February 22 until 1968 , when Congress moved it from its fixed day to the third Monday in February as part of the Uniform Monday Holidays Act . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	The president of Argentina gave George W. Bush 300 pounds of lamb meat JFK received a carved peach pit in his likeness A bowling alley was installed in the White House as a birthday gift to Truman
A suspected serial bank robber wanted in incidents in three East Coast states has been arrested in Medford , New York , the FBI said Tuesday . Agents and New York police arrested Luis Alomar , 37 , around 2:30 a.m. Tuesday , the agency said in a statement . It did n't provide details of where he was arrested in the Long Island community or how he was located . The FBI had sought the public 's help Monday in finding Alomar , who is suspected of robbing 20 banks in New York , New Jersey and Delaware . Alomar allegedly flashed a gun at tellers in some of the robberies , sometimes threatening to shoot them if they said anything , the FBI said .	Suspected serial bank robber arrested in Medford , New York Luis Alomar is suspected in 20 robberies in three states The FBI had asked for public 's help in finding Alomar
CNN  -- A major winter storm walloped the Northeast on Friday , a day after heavy snow closed schools and roads and caused dangerous conditions . The storm knocked out power to nearly 240,000 homes and businesses in New York , New Jersey and Pennsylvania , slowed traffic and could prompt authorities to cancel up to 1,000 flights at airports serving New York and New Jersey . The storm also frustrated people such as Lulis Leal , a medical office manager who was working from her home in Cedar Grove , New Jersey . She was planning to help her son move into an apartment when she peered out the window Friday morning to see her car covered in snow . "  I ca n't even move it out of my driveway , " she said . "  The snow is up over my knee . " She ventured out amid the snow Thursday , saw several wrecks and added a half-hour to her trip by avoiding a snow-covered hill . "  It 's very pretty to look at , but it 's like , come on , enough already , " she said . "  I 'm very much looking forward to spring . " The rough weather prompted officials to suspend bus service in northern New Jersey . About 225,000 homes and businesses were without power Friday in New York , said Jim Denn of the New York State Public Service Commission . The storm left 10,638 homes and businesses without power in New Jersey and knocked out electrical services to about 3,000 homes and businesses in Pennsylvania , officials in those states said . A snow-covered tree limb fell Thursday in New York 's Central Park and killed a 46-year-old man . The New York City Department of Parks and Recreation warned residents to stay out of city parks after the death . Forecasters said parts of New York state could get up to a foot of snow , and public schools were closed Friday in New York City . "  The heavy , wet snow will be sufficient to bring down trees and power lines and could also cause roof collapses , " the National Weather Service said . The storm is the third to hit the region this month . Early Friday , American Airlines had canceled 42 flights out of New York , a spokeswoman said . Delta Air Lines canceled 300 flights from airports in New York and Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . U.S. Airways had canceled 80 flights from airports in and around New York , a spokesman said . Steve Coleman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said authorities expect roughly 1,000 flights to be canceled from the three major airports serving New York and parts of New Jersey . More cancellations were expected for other airlines Friday , according to airport officials . The storm prompted the cancellation of more than 1,000 flights at New York-area airports Thursday , said Port Authority spokesman John Kelly . Buried in snow ? Send pictures , video Parts of New York had received from 22 to 30 inches of snow by Thursday evening , the weather service said . Massachusetts was averaging 22 inches across the state . Parts of Pennsylvania had as much as 12 inches . Areas in Vermont received as much as 38 inches of snow . For some , any more snow was just too much . "  I 've just been shoveling , " a weary man told CNN affiliate WBRE-TV in Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania . "  And it looks like I 'll be doing some more shoveling . " CNN 's Emily Anderson and Mark Bixler contributed to this report .	NEW : Nearly 240,000 homes and businesses without power in three states , officials say "  It 's very pretty to look at , but it 's like , come on , enough already , " woman says Dozens of flights canceled early Friday , with more likely Parts of New York could get as much as a foot of snow ; storm is third to hit Northeast in month
CNN  -- Penn State University reached settlements over the past few months with what it calls 26 victims of former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky -- settlements that will cost the university a total of $ 59.7 million , the school announced Monday . Of the 26 settlements , 23 are signed and three are agreed in principle , with final documentation expected within the next few weeks , the school said . The school also indicated a few other settlements still could come . "  There was no happiness , " said Tom Kline , the attorney for a man known as Victim 5 from Sandusky 's criminal trial . "  For my client , there was relief . " Sandusky was convicted in June 2012 of 45 counts relating to the sexual abuse of young boys . He 's serving a 30 - to 60-year prison sentence . He has always maintained his innocence and has plans to appeal , his attorney has said . In all , 32 men have come forward to Penn State with claims of abuse . Some of those were rejected for lack of merit , Penn State said . "  We hope this is another step forward in the healing process for those hurt by Mr. Sandusky , and another step forward for Penn State , " university President Rodney Erickson said in a statement . "  We can not undo what has been done , but we can and must do everything possible to learn from this and ensure it never happens again at Penn State . " As part of the agreement , this settlement ends the civil litigation for these 26 men . Kline said these victims will not be able to sue anyone else , including Sandusky 's charity , The Second Mile , where prosecutors say he selected most of his victims . However , Penn State can go after the charity to recoup some of its losses , Kline said . Although the criminal trial involved only 10 victims , more allegations surfaced in the months that followed Sandusky 's November 2011 arrest . Abuse as far back as the 1970s has been reported to authorities . Kline praised Penn State lawyers in regard to the settlement process , saying they worked methodically through each claim , making it possible to settle in just about 13 months . Not all the settlements are equal of amounts , Kline said , but were evaluated separately based on when the abuse allegedly happened . Prosecutors have said that Penn State officials -- former President Graham Spanier , former Vice President Gary Schultz , and former Athletic Director Tim Curley -- all knew about two allegations against Sandusky in 1998 and in 2001 . The 1998 incident was investigated and dismissed by prosecutors at the time , but the 2001 incident was never reported to police by university officials . Victim 5 was abused six months after that 2001 incident , and so his settlement and others who say they were abused after 2001 had more negotiating power , Kline said . Curley , Schultz , and Spanier are all facing trial this Spring on charges including perjury , conspiracy , obstruction , failure to report suspected abuse and endangering the welfare of children . They also maintain their innocence . The scandal has so far cost Penn State university tens of millions of dollars , including a $ 60 million NCAA fine , and millions more in crisis management .	$ 59.7 million divided among 26 "  victims of ... Jerry Sandusky , " Penn State says "  No happiness , " only "  relief " for Victim 5 , says attorney Sandusky convicted in June 2012 of 45 counts related to sexual abuse of young boys
CNN  -- Syrian military airstrikes hit parts of the country 's largest city Thursday , killing at least 33 people and injuring several others , the UK-based opposition group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The airstrikes were the latest in a string of attacks reported in Aleppo , the northwest Syrian city that has been a hotly contested area in Syria 's civil war . A day earlier , Syrian forces dropped barrel bombs on an opposition-held area of Aleppo , killing 25 children , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . The unrest comes amid Syria 's three-year civil war pitting government forces against rebels trying to end the rule of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The government intends to hold elections June 3 . Al-Assad , whose family has had a tight grip on power for 43 years , is running for another term . The United Nations is asking the government to reconsider the election because of the war . More than 100,000 people , including many civilians , have been killed , according to the United Nations . Al-Assad succeeded his father in 2000 and won a second term in 2007 , unopposed .	Attacks come day after barrel bombs killed 25 children in Aleppo , according to opposition Syria 's largest city is a hotly contested area in civil war
CNN  -- Much like the expressive era that her music defined , Donna Summer danced her way through the 1970s with extraordinary success , posting successive hits that electrified dance floors and prompted her coronation as America 's queen of disco . But her own life was marked by the highs and lows of the ballads that she energetically sang , and even at the height of her popularity , she once took steps toward suicide -- only to be stopped by the interruption of hotel maids . She overcame the negative dimensions of relentless public attention , and her legacy as a genre-leading vocalist endures decades later among music enthusiasts , even resulting in an appearance a few years ago on "  American Idol . " Summer died Thursday morning from cancer , her publicist , Brian Edwards , said . She was surrounded by her family in Florida , he said . Said her family in a statement : "  Early this morning , we lost Donna Summer Sudano , a woman of many gifts , the greatest being her faith . While we grieve her passing , we are at peace celebrating her extraordinary life and her continued legacy . " Summer , who was born in Boston and whose father was a butcher and mother a schoolteacher , sang from the moment she learned to talk , and her debut performance came in church at age 10 when the scheduled singer did n't show and the pastor asked Donna to step in . Summer later recalled that the church performance left worshipers in tears . In her singing career , she won five Grammys , and while she is iconic in the disco genre , her Grammy wins were also in the R&B , rock , inspirational and dance categories . This wo n't be our ` Last Dance ' to Donna Summer : A playlist "  Her talent was a true gift to the music industry , " said Neil Portnow , president and CEO of the Recording Academy . At the height of her career , she and Casablanca Records created a sex symbol persona for her , and in an October 1977 cover story for Ebony , she remarked about her other nicknames : Queen of Love and Symbol of Eros . "  Well , you have to get people 's attention some kind of way , " Summer told the magazine , "  but I 'm not just sex , sex , sex . I would never want to be a one-dimensional person like that . Share your images or memories of Donna Summer "  I can sing songs like ` Love to Love You , Baby , ' but I can also sing ballads , light opera , things from musical comedies , church hymns -- all kinds of things . Plus I can write , act and think . " Summer added that she did n't "  want to be known for just one thing . " In a 2003 interview with CNN , she said the initial absence of a manager led her to do provocative photo shoots . Her public image as a sex symbol and diva conflicted with her religious upbringing , she said . Her grandfather was a minister and her father a church deacon . "  Yes , it was a big complex and the image was sort of created around me , " Summer said . "  I was sort of there , but not consciously there . And I did n't have anybody sort of on my side at that point , fighting for me , except for me , being in the middle . And then people would say , you know , ` Lay down here and do this . ' And you know , whatever , " Summer said . Her big break came when she was a teenager and auditioned in New York for a European version of "  Hair . " She landed a role and went to Europe . When she achieved success by her mid-20s , she was n't able to handle it well . "  It was tough , " Summer said . "  I think success is always a surprise , you know . " She eventually suffered depression and found herself in an abusive relationship . "  If people are in abusive relationships , I think they need to get out of them or at least get help , " Summer said . She lived in fear during that relationship , she said . "  Thank God this person was from Europe , so they were deported . And then I was able to sort of be free , but I was afraid for years , " she said . Her hits included "  Hot Stuff , " "  Bad Girls , " and "  She Works Hard for the Money . " Summer first rose to fame the mid-1970s , thanks to "  Love to Love You Baby . " The song , with Summer 's whispered vocals and orgasmic groans supported by heavily synthesized backing tracks , fueled the decade 's disco mania and hit No. 2 in 1976 . Summer followed the song with such hits as "  I Feel Love , " "  Last Dance " and a disco version of the Richard Harris hit "  MacArthur Park , " which outdid Harris ' version by hitting No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot 100 singles chart . It was Summer 's first of four chart-toppers . But with her 1979 album "  Bad Girls , " Summer broke out of the disco mold as the genre , stimulated by the success of the Bee Gees ' "  Saturday Night Fever " soundtrack , was feeling a backlash . "  Bad Girls " demonstrated Summer 's vocal and stylistic range and produced two No. 1 hits , "  Hot Stuff " and "  Bad Girls , " as well as a Top 10 ballad , "  Dim All the Lights . " Fans , friends react to Summer 's death However , Summer had some trouble adjusting to the changing times . Her next album , "  The Wanderer , " went for more of a rock feel . It produced a Top 10 hit in the title track but fared relatively poorly on the charts -- especially disappointing after the success of "  Bad Girls , " a double album that spent five weeks at No. 1 . It was n't until 1983 's "  She Works Hard for the Money , " which became a ubiquitous video as well as a big radio hit , that Summer 's fame approached its late '70s zenith . In 2003 , she wrote of the demands of being superstar in a memoir , "  Ordinary Girl : The Journey . " She disclosed the pressures associated with being a superstar and revealed that at the peak of her popularity , the disco queen even contemplated suicide . In an interview with CNN that year , she was asked about sticking her foot out of a hotel window to get a feel of whether to jump . "  No , I was n't getting a feel . I was jumping over . I was attempting to go . I did n't plan it . I just decided , I 'm out of here , " Summer told CNN . Then the maids walked in . She stopped herself . "  Then I sought help . I got help . I realized that I had a serious problem with depression , and I went to a doctor and he gave me some medication , " Summer said . More recently , she appeared on the finale of the popular show "  American Idol " in 2008 and performed some of her greatest hits with the show 's leading female singers . That year , she released her album "  Crayons , " and in an interview with CNN , she spoke of her musical "  mission . " "  I do n't like to be categorized because I think that I am an instrument , and if you play me , I 'll make whatever particular sound is supposed to come out for that color , " Summer said . "  And so , in the overall spectrum of things , I 'm just trying to be true to my , what I feel my mission is . " CNN 's Todd Leopold and Joshua Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Success by her mid-20s was tough and "  always a surprise , " Summer said in 2003 Donna Summer helped defined the disco genre of the 1970s Later , she broke out of the disco mold , showing her vocal and stylistic range In 2003 , she wrote a memoir about her highs and lows , including suicidal thoughts
CNN  -- They battled on and off court last year and now Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova are locking horns at the earliest opportunity in 2014 . The world no. 1 will play Sharapova on Friday for a place in the final of the Brisbane International tournament after both women won through in their quarterfinal matches on Thursday . The American was a 6-3 6-3 winner over Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova while the world no. 4 beat Kaia Kanepi of Estonia in three sets . Williams won both the French and U.S. Open titles last year , but also made headlines for an interview with Rolling Stone magazine in June where she made some unflattering remarks about an unnamed player widely assumed to be Sharapova , calling her "  boring " and criticizing her choice of boyfriend  Grigor Dimitrov  . Sharapova responded saying Williams should concentrate on tennis rather than taking sideswipes at the personal lives of her opponents . Williams has won 14 of her 16 encounters against Sharapova and has n't lost to the Russian in almost a decade . On Thursday , Williams recalled the moment the tide turned at the semifinals of the Australian Open in 2005 -- a match she won 8-6 in the third set after saving three match points . "  I remember a forehand inside out , " Williams said . "  I was down match point and I hit this winner and I did n't even blink . "  I hit the a winner and walked right to the other side and was ready for the next return as if it was just a 30-15 point . " Sharapova said her memory of the point was a little more sketchy and stressed the importance of looking forward . "  2005 ? Oh , my God , I ca n't go back that far , " Sharapova said . "  I do n't have too much time to look back at ' 04 . I have a lot of things going on in my life , " Sharapova said . "  Some of the matches were a bit closer than others . When you go out on the court in a new time , you ca n't really rely on everything that happened in the past . You 've got to start from scratch from the first point . "  Of course I know I 've tried and I did n't succeed in the last many times that I 've played her , but I 'm setting up an opportunity to go out there and try to change that , and I 'm going to try to do that . " Whatever the outcome of Friday 's match , both women will be looking to improve their recent form at the upcoming Australian Open which gets underway on January 13 . Williams , a five-time champion , last triumphed in Melbourne in 2010 while Sharapova 's solitary success came in 2008 . Read more : Federer breezes through in Brisbane Read more : Sleepy Serena skips New Year celebrations	Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova set to clash in Brisbane International semis Williams holds 14-2 head-to-head advantage over the Russian World no. 1 recalls moment in 2005 when 13-match unbroken winning sequence began Sharapova and Williams traded verbal blows off court in 2013
CNN  -- The summit of the Hahnenkamm looms large over the Austrian ski resort of Kitzbuhel , more than 1,700 meters above sea level . A myriad of ski slopes meander down the mountain in winter , the most famous of which is the notorious "  Streif . " Translated as "  streak , " it is the ultimate in downhill courses , and the World Cup race it hosts every January is often run in ludicrously treacherous conditions . Watched by celebrities , such as Arnold Schwarzenegger and Europe 's jet set , it is often referred to as "  the Super Bowl of skiing . " The winner each year attains virtually legendary status within the skiing community , while its famous sections such as the Mausefalle and Steilhang -- taken at speeds of about 90 mph -- have become bywords in the Austrian lexicon . At the start gate , insignias bearing the names of its most illustrious sons and daughters take pride of place : Franz Klammer , who won the prestigious downhill four times ; Fritz Strobl , a three-time winner ; and , most recently , Urban Zemmer , a 42-year-old Italian farmer with a Germanic name . Zemmer 's wins on the Streif , though , have come in very different fashion -- and indeed a month after the main event -- as he switches skis for spikes and tackles the course uphill rather than down . As maverick events go , Vertical Up is right up there . The night race , now in its fourth year , features multinational competitors from across Europe -- some choosing cross-country skis and poles -- testing their mettle in subzero temperatures . From the chalets in the valley below , it looks like an eerie blur of lights as the runners in their head torches disappear up the slopes at varying degrees of speed . The goal is simple -- the first one to the top wins . That has tended to be Zemmer , who holds the course record of 32 minutes . The climb , parts of which are virtually vertical , is 3,312 meters in distance with an uphill in total of 860m . By day , Zemmer gets up at 6 a.m. to deal with the cattle on his farm . By night it appears he likes nothing more than careering up a mountainside ... at speed . But why exactly ? "  Everyone thinks of the Streif in the sense of downhill racing -- the Vertical Up offers an absolutely new possibility of becoming a Streif conqueror with the bottom-up method , " he tells CNN . "  Plus I 'm now honored by an insignia at the top of the next to the great names like Franz Klammer . " So determined is he to exercise when his working day is done -- Zemmer competes in summer mountain races , likes to cycle and run with his dog , and even his holidays are spent traveling to races -- that he admits : "  I have no idea of boredom . " The first event came into being by word of mouth and , continuing in that same vein , it has become more and more popular . A relatively modest crowd gathers at the bottom but , the whole way up it , crowds hug the advertising hoardings . "  You can feel the enthusiasm and that 's very motivating to push myself forward and give the best in order to reach the finish in a good time , " Zemmer says . "  In every race , you get yourself to the limit , sometimes even further . And in the race I am totally by myself . After the start , I ca n't see or hear anything . I am just totally focused on my aims . "  The victory is just the reward for all the struggle and the acknowledgment for all the deprivation , which you have to accomplish in sport . " The motto for the Streif downhill is that the best form of defense is attack , and it is something Zemmer adheres to , although the rest of the competitors , who vary massively in their standard , are not always so gung-ho . Among them is former cyclist Gerrit Glomser , an ex-Tour de France competitor and a two-time Tour of Austria winner in his heyday . In the Vertical Up , he does not aspire to victory , although he boasts a top-10 finish in his three outings to date . His inspiration to tackle the slopes came from seeing Austrian skiing great Hermann Maier enter the prologue of the 2003 Tour de France , a race in which Glomser also took part . He had thought of being one of the skiers who help prepare the Streif for the World Cup event but , perhaps rightly , he decided it was too dangerous so opted for uphill instead . "  This is a challenge but more than that it 's fun with friends , " says Glomser . "  It 's not a goal to win but I want to do my best . It 's not like I 'll be disappointed in 17th or 39th or whatever . "  This is about good times on a route which downhillers have come down a few weeks before ... fast . " But it is not all fun for the competitors . "  When you get to the end , it 's just a relief , " Glomser admits . "  There 's a 100-meter vertical climb at one point during which it feels like your chest is up at your throat . It 's hard but then you finish , you get a warm drink and it 's joy . " For an athlete who has tackled the Tour 's toughest cycling ascents , Glomser is more naturally prepared than other entrants . "  Running up hills is quite normal for me , " adds the 38-year-old . "  It 's hard to compare pushing in the pedal with running uphill but it 's something that suits me . "  But it 's totally different to the Tour . It 's not like anything else , running up ice in spikes . It 's -10 degrees but a short-sleeve T-shirt could be fine as you get warm really fast . " British competitor Paul Doyle , a 26-year-old with a best Vertical Up time of 46 minutes , has been a resident in Kitzbuhel since 2005 , working as a skiing instructor and also to become a fitness trainer . At last year 's race , he said his heart rate was an average 190 beats per minute -- the normal resting rate is 60-100 . Like Zemmer and Glomser , he has competed in every Vertical Up to date , and admits to slight nerves beforehand . "  It gets steep immediately and there 's only a tiny bit of respite the whole way , " Doyle says . "  At the end , it 's like you 're trying to run but you just ca n't , and there 's a horrible burning in your legs . It feels like at any second you 're going to turn to jelly but then the finish comes . "  Some collapse , some are sick , some are relieved and some are joyous , you feel like you have nothing left . "  I watched Urban 's winning race and that 's just insane . We all think the downhill guys are nuts , and I guess we 're nuts in a different way . This is simply not comparable to anything in the world . It 's like a crazy gathering . " A crazy gathering where the only way is up .	Vertical Up held on World Cup downhill in Kitzbuhel with athletes going up not down Three years since its inception , it has been dominated by a 42-year-old Italian farmer Athletes can boast an average heart rate of 190 bpm during the course of the event Line-up of competitors for Saturday 's race includes a former Tour de France cyclist
The atrocious murder of David Haines puts the United Kingdom and in particular Prime Minister David Cameron front and center in the evolving battle against ISIS . It 's not as though he is short of work , with a referendum in Scotland this week and a problematic relationship with the European Union among current elections next year dominating a crowded schedule . But the PM must now mobilize the British public for another campaign in Iraq , mindful that the last one was widely opposed . Revulsion at the beheading of three hostages will likely provide a bedrock of support . There are a wide variety of options including : surveillance and support operations , limited airstrikes against ISIS positions in Iraq , extending those airstrikes to ISIS targets in Syria or even inserting Special Forces in support of the Syrian resistance , Iraqi Kurds or the Iraqi military . Cameron has been forthright about his government 's determination to take down ISIS , saying at the weekend : "  Step by step we will drive back , dismantle and ultimately destroy ISIL -LSB- also used as an acronym for the group -RSB- and what it stands for . We will do so in a calm , deliberate way but with an iron determination . " He added : "  We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice , however long it takes . " "  Ultimately " and "  However long it takes " imply an indefinite campaign . Implying the UK would join in air strikes , British Defense Minister Michael Fallon has told Royal Air Force personnel involved in surveillance flights : "  There may well now be in the next few weeks and months other ways that we may need to help save life and protect people . " And that 's just one element of this strategy . Cameron has been expansive about prodding the Iraqi government toward being more inclusive , saying it "  badly needs to get itself together so it can represent all of the country . " He is in favor of arming the Kurds , which in itself may be at odds with the aim of a unified Iraq , about mobilizing Arab states as part of a broad coalition to squeeze ISIS and about revitalizing moderate rebel groups in Syria . The means and the goals of this multi-faceted campaign are yet to be fleshed out . In the words of his spokesman last week , "  In terms of specific decisions about participation in further action , we are not at the stage of taking those decisions . " For example , Cameron has been cautious about whether air strikes might be extended to Syria . Cameron maintains that "  President -LSB- Bashar al - -RSB- Assad has committed war crimes on his own people and is therefore illegitimate . " But other parties in Britain are wary of air strikes in Syria , regarding them as dubious in international law . And many commentators believe some sort of understanding or accommodation with the Assad regime is an essential condition of effective action against ISIS strongholds in Raqqa and Idlib provinces . Even Britain 's Foreign Secretary , Philip Hammond , was out of step with Downing Street last week . "  Let me be clear , Britain will not be taking part in air strikes in Syria , " he told a news conference in Berlin . Hours later the PM 's office said nothing had been ruled out . One Conservative MP , John Baron , who is a member of the House of Commons Foreign Affairs committee , cautioned : "  Air strikes into Syria are fraught with risks . The legal , technical and military differences between strikes in Iraq and Syria are marked . The UK should be advising caution . " But on Sunday came the first hint that the U.S. would be looking to allies for the Syrian part of the campaign . Secretary of State John Kerry told CBS Face The Nation : "  We are going to do what they -LSB- the Syrians -RSB- have n't done , what they had plenty of opportunity to do , which is to take on ISIL and to degrade it and eliminate it as a threat . " "  We will do that with allies , " he added . But Britain 's military is already stretched . Units are still deployed in Afghanistan and the armed forces are hurting from a squeeze on defense spending . The Royal United Services Institute , a think-tank on military issues , concluded in a report this month that "  on current spending plans and growth projections ... UK defense spending is set to fall below the NATO 2 per cent target for the first time next financial year , to an estimated 1.88 per cent of GDP in 2015/16 . " British planes would probably have to operate from Cyprus , flying a long circuitous route over Turkey to targets in northern Iraq . NATO flew 14,000 sorties in Libya to degrade the Gadhafi regime . Destroying ISIS may not be such a protracted effort , but it would be more than a commitment of a few weeks . And over Syria , planes would face the risk of encountering the Syrian air force and air defenses . A British pilot falling into the hands of ISIS or the Syrian regime is the stuff of nightmares . There is the additional dilemma that any military action may hasten more beheadings of hostages , with another British citizen possibly the next victim . And the coalition being mobilized is -- at best -- disparate , including 10 members of NATO and Middle Eastern states , including Jordan and Saudi Arabia . The division of labor among these states is yet to be worked out , though American officials are suggesting Arab states may provide air power and Kerry pronounced himself "  extremely encouraged " by the response from governments on his latest tour of the region . Some British politicians are more skeptical . The veteran Liberal Democrat MP , Menzies Campbell , warned last month that "  a unified approach will be essential with no room for dissent or compromise between countries . The jihadists of IS -LSB- the Islamic State , as it calls itself -RSB- will most certainly test political resolve as well as security challenges . " Public support Even before the murder of David Haines , opinion in Britain was moving toward air strikes . A ComRes poll for the Independent newspaper at the end of August found that 35 % backing , with 50 % opposed . A week later that support had nearly doubled , according to a poll by Opinium Research for the Daily Telegraph . And 27 % said they would support Special Forces on the ground . Cameron enjoys broad support for the domestic part of his anti-ISIS platform , which may include legislation to prevent suspected British extremists from traveling to Iraq and Syria and stopping those already there from coming home . Polls suggest public support higher than 80 % for such moves . But identifying and tracking such people is a tall order -- and British military action could incite some of the several hundred British citizens thought to be fighting in Syria and Iraq to bring terror home . A successful campaign over several months that squeezed ISIS into insignificance could bring political rewards at home . Cameron may be able to claim his decisive leadership was instrumental in facing down the world 's most dangerous terror group , incidentally deflecting attention from thorny issues like immigration and Europe , where his Conservative Party is under pressure from the insurgent UK Independence Party . But with a general election due by May next year , taking on ISIS is fraught with peril for the British PM .	PM mobilizing British public for new campaign in Iraq , mindful last one was widely opposed David Cameron has been cautious about whether air strikes might be extended to Syria UK military is stretched . Units still deployed in Afghanistan , defense spending is squeezed Dilemma is that any military action may hasten more beheadings of hostages , says Tim Lister
New York  CNN  -- Police are investigating the death of a New York City college student after he was injured during a fraternity ritual on a trip to the Poconos , authorities said Wednesday . Chun "  Michael " Deng , 19 , a freshman at Baruch College , was brought to a Pennsylvania hospital by his friends early Sunday morning , authorities said . Deng was unresponsive and in critical condition upon arrival at the hospital . Physicians determined Deng had suffered major brain trauma and was placed on life support , according to a news release from the Monroe County , Pennsylvania , District Attorney 's Office . The prosecutor 's office identified the victim as Chen ; the college gave his first name as Chun . Authorities learned that more than 30 members of the fraternity Pi Delta Psi had traveled to the Pocono Mountains , roughly 90 miles away from New York City , for the weekend . In the early morning hours , Deng , one of four pledges to the fraternity , was injured "  while partaking in a ritual " in the yard of the residence where they were staying , according to the release . Authorities did not say what the fraternity ritual entailed . In a statement Wednesday , Baruch College said preliminary reports indicate Deng died while participating in an unsanctioned fraternity pledging event that the college had no knowledge of . Baruch College has a "  zero tolerance policy regarding hazing , " according to the statement . Deng 's death is a "  deeply painful reminder that no individual should ever be put into a position where his or her personal safety is in jeopardy , " the statement said . Along with its own internal review , Baruch is cooperating with law enforcement , the statement said . After Deng suffered the traumatic head injury , he was brought inside the residence and was unresponsive . Members of the fraternity later drove him to the emergency room , according to the district attorney 's office . Deng died of his injuries Monday morning . An investigation is continuing , according to authorities . CNN 's calls to Pi Delta Psi Fraternity , Inc. , for comment were not immediately returned .	Baruch College freshman arrived at hospital after suffering major brain trauma Victim among fraternity members who traveled to the Poconos from New York City for weekend Authorities say student was injured while participating in fraternity ritual
Washington  CNN  -- Mitt Romney 's campaign can now point to at least one thing it has in common with Ronald Reagan 's -- a musical act is asking it to stop using its music at campaign stops . The rock band Silversun Pickups this week served Romney 's campaign with a cease-and-desist order after it says Romney 's campaign used its song "  Panic Switch " at an event earlier this month . "  Seems as if the GOP is once again whimsically ignoring our great nation 's laws to do whatever it wants to do , and shooting itself in the foot in the process , " band representative Ken Weinstein said in a statement . Ryan Rages Against the Machine The band 's lead singer and guitarist Brian Aubert could n't resist making a political point : "  We were very close to just letting this go , because the irony was too good . While he is inadvertently playing a song that describes his whole campaign , we doubt that ` Panic Switch ' really sends the message he intends . " A Romney spokeswoman , Amanda Henneberg , responded to the request , saying , "  The song was inadvertently played during event setup before Gov. Romney arrived at the location . " "  As anyone who attends Gov. Romney 's events knows , this is not a song we would have played intentionally . That said , it was covered under the campaign 's regular blanket license , but we will not play it again , " said Henneberg . Squabbles between artists and campaigns over artistic sensibilities , political compatibility , and rights issues have become as much a political tradition as campaign buttons . Among the most famous of these is the clash between Reagan and Bruce Springsteen . During the 1984 campaign , Reagan told a New Jersey crowd , "  America 's future rests in a thousand dreams inside our hearts . It rests in the message of hope in the songs of a man so many young Americans admire : New Jersey 's own Bruce Springsteen . " But Reagan apparently had n't heard the lyrics . "  Born in the U.S.A. , " the song he referred to , was n't a message of hope and pride but of "  how this country is going to pot , essentially , and do something about it , " said Lorraine Ali , pop music editor at the Los Angeles Times . Springsteen was n't amused . Springsteen later told Rolling Stone magazine , "  I think people have a need to feel good about the country they live in . But what 's happening , I think , is that that need -- which is a good thing -- is getting manipulated and exploited . You see in the Reagan election ads on TV , you know , ` It 's morning in America , ' and you say , ` Well , it 's not morning in Pittsburgh . ' " ICP on FBI lawsuit Springsteen so much wanted to convey the actual message of his song that he "  took to playing ` Born in the U.S.A. ' on an acoustic guitar so it would n't sound so rousing anymore , " said Joe Levy , editor of Billboard Magazine Sen. John McCain 's presidential campaign also came under fire for using music from artists who did not support it . In 2008 , the band Heart asked the campaign to stop playing its song "  Barracuda " in honor of vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin 's nickname on her high school basketball team , "  Sarah Barracuda . " The band even went on national television to express its outrage . "  Sarah Palin 's views and values in no way represent us as American women , " Ann and Nancy Wilson told Entertainment Weekly . "  We ask that our song ` Barracuda ' no longer be used to promote her image . " McCain also settled out of court with Jackson Browne for using his 1977 hit "  Running on Empty " in a campaign ad without the artist 's permission . Foo Fighters , John Mellencamp and Boston asked McCain and other candidates to stop using their music . And Tom Petty did n't find Michele Bachmann his type of "  American Girl . " The rocker 's manager asked the Bachmann campaign to stop using his 1977 hit "  American Girl " after it was played during the kickoff event for the Minnesota representative 's presidential bid . Petty also asked President George W. Bush not to use his music during his campaign , The Washington Post reported . But those artists were alive to protect their music . Ludwig von Beethoven 's Ninth Symphony has been co-opted by everyone from dictators to revolutionaries . Esteban Buch 's book "  Beethoven 's Ninth : A Political History " chronicles the symphony 's use in clashing political contexts from Hitler 's birthday , to the deadly protests in China 's Tiananmen Square , to the fall of the Berlin Wall . YouTube most popular way teens get music	Rock band Silversun Pickups asks Romney 's campaign to stop using its song at events Band says its song , "  Panic Switch , " describes Romney 's campaign Reagan , Bush , McCain came under fire for using music of artists who disagreed with them Even Beethoven could n't avoid his music being co-opted for a variety of political purposes
Just in case you thought you had time to catch your breath from the culture wars , the issue of marriage for gay couples is back at the ballot box this year . On Tuesday , North Carolinians voted 61 % to 39 % to ban all forms of relationship recognition for same-sex couples . That 's right , this amendment does n't just prohibit gay marriage , it prevents the existence of civil unions and domestic partnerships under North Carolina 's Constitution . Shockingly , the state 's Republican House speaker , Thom Tillis , who was largely responsible for putting the measure on the ballot , called the anti-gay marriage initiative a generational issue and predicted that while the initiative would probably pass , it would also be repealed within 20 years . Even for most of the GOP 's old-school legislators , there is dawning understanding that opposition to freedom to marry is on the wrong side of history and damaging to the long-term , and increasingly the short-term , prospects of the GOP , especially among independent-minded younger voters . Indeed , according to Gallup , 70 % of people between the ages of 18 and 34 believe that same-sex marriage should be legal . Vote means uncertainty for North Carolina 's same sex couples In November , residents of four more states -- Maine , Maryland , Minnesota and Washington -- will voice their views on same-sex marriage at the ballot box . Voters in Minnesota will consider a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage , and in Maryland and Washington , they will probably face measures to undo new laws legalizing same-sex marriage passed by state legislatures . Maine will , for the first time in history , have the chance to vote "  yes " for a freedom to marry law . Unlike in previous years , polling shows that advocates of the freedom to marry stand a good chance to win some of these battles -- and the potential losses they would face are by much smaller margins than Americans witnessed even five years ago . While the reigning stereotype is that Republicans are opposed to gay rights , growing Republican support in state-by-state fights belies this perception . Indeed , in New Hampshire and New York , Republicans were critical to recent marriage freedom victories . And Republicans will play key supportive roles in November at the ballot box . There are tectonic shifts happening just beneath the surface within the Republican Party that have n't percolated to the national dialogue on gay rights . Efforts to support gay rights by GOP state legislators in several states are real and indicative of an increasing realization that expanding equal opportunity and freedom to gay Americans should n't be a partisan issue . Most recently , a stunning victory occurred in New Hampshire , where anti-gay forces sought to roll back the freedom to marry . After Republicans gained three-quarters supermajorities in both chambers in the 2010 elections , the National Organization for Marriage , the chief organization opposing same-sex marriage , proclaimed it was "  confident of victory " and would show "  that history is not unidirectional " on the issue . Unfortunately for them , New Hampshire Republicans who believed in the state 's "  live free or die " motto were quick to build a powerful campaign and harness the two-thirds of the public who opposed taking freedoms away and downgrading people 's families . They mobilized hundreds of civic and business leaders and thousands of citizens to make their voices heard . Not only did the Republican-controlled New Hampshire House defeat the repeal bill , it did so by a lopsided 211-116 margin . The most overlooked fact : A substantial group of Republican legislators , 109 to be exact , voted to preserve the freedom to marry in the Granite State . Despite the best efforts of the National Organization for Marriage , history is unidirectional on the issue , and the freedom to marry is a settled issue in New Hampshire . The trend toward greater acceptance is clear , irrefutable and happening on both sides of the aisle . To date , 197 Republican state legislators across the nation have stood up for the freedom to marry -- and have lived to tell the tale . Republicans put the bill on the New York state Senate floor and provided the votes needed to make same-sex marriage a reality , making it the first GOP-controlled legislative chamber in America to do so . The state senators who courageously voted for marriage risked primary opposition from anti-marriage forces but are now garnering wide support . They are well-positioned to fight single-issue attacks while running campaigns and building records of public service that respond to the core priorities of their constituents : less government , lower taxes , individual autonomy and personal responsibility .  In the interest of full disclosure , as a New York resident , I personally advocated for the passage of freedom to marry in Albany last summer . A few years ago profiles in courage like these seemed to come in ones and twos . Today , they are occurring frequently . A growing number of Republican legislators are choosing to stand on the side of freedom because they have gay and lesbian people in their lives who they care about . They 've done so because the politics has shifted dramatically , taking the peril out of following one 's conscience . They 've done so because they believe , like so many of us , that marriage is the most powerful social institution on Earth , integral to strengthening our society because it is rooted in the traditional values that strengthen our families and communities : the values of love , commitment and sacrifice . To be sure , there 's a long way to go before the Republican Party fully embraces these values and is consistent about being the party of individual freedom , but I 'm glad to see more and more of my fellow Republicans on the right side of history .	North Carolina approved measure banning same-sex marriage , domestic unions Margaret Hoover says there 's significant and growing GOP support for gay marriage Voters in other states will confront the issue this fall Hoover : Many Republicans helped preserve same-sex marriage law in New Hampshire
CNN  -- Sriram Hathwar and Ansun Sujoe correctly spelled so many words Thursday that the Scripps National Spelling Bee had to declare them both winners . Why ? Because there were n't enough words left on the competition 's list for them to keep facing off until only one was left standing . In the bee 's final round , Hathwar , 14 , an eighth-grader from Painted Post , New York , correctly spelled the word "  stichomythia " -- dialogue especially of altercation delivered by two actors . Sujoe , 13 , a seventh-grader from Fort Worth , Texas , correctly spelled the word "  feuilleton " -- part of a European newspaper . It 's the first time the bee has ended in a tie in more than 50 years . The last time there were co-champions was in 1962 , organizers said . Ties also ended the bees in 1950 and 1957 . "  It feels pretty good because not only do I get the victory , but I get to share it with someone else , so it means a lot to me , " Sujoe told CNN 's "  New Day " on Friday . Hathwar called the English language "  brutal " because it incorporates words from other cultures and languages . "  So it was really a competition against the dictionary , and not against Ansun or any of the other competitors , " he told CNN . The two quickly garnered praise from high office , with President Barack Obama tweeting his kudos : "  Congrats to Ansun and Sriram , the incredible co-champs of the #ScrippsNationalSpellingBee . You make us all proud ! - bo " In this year 's national championship , 281 spellers from eight countries competed for the title . The contest started Tuesday and finished Thursday night with the finals broadcast live on ESPN . Sujoe told ESPN that he got hooked on the bee by watching it on television . In addition to spelling , he has perfect pitch and plays piano , bassoon and guitar . "  I was pretty happy when I made the finals , and now I 'm even happier that I 'm a co-champion , " Sujoe said . Hathwar , who placed third in last year 's competition and first made it to the National Spelling Bee as a second-grader in 2008 , was a favorite to win this year 's contest . The youngest competitor this year was 8 . And the oldest was 15 , organizers said . Even students who did n't walk away with a trophy seemed excited about their next steps . Tejas Muthusamy , 11 , said he 'd return home ready to change his studying routine for future competitions . "  Now I 'll prepare more for the finals , and try to go through more esoteric words , " Muthusamy said , minutes after misspelling "  hallenkirche " got him kicked out of the competition . Eighth-grader Kate Miller , who struck out in the finals when she misspelled the world "  exochorion , " said there 's a lot she 'll be bringing back to Abilene , Texas . "  I will take home with me a suitcase full of happy memories , great friends and a true feeling of acceptance , " she told ESPN . And she did n't hesitate when asked what her next move would be . "  I do n't need to study spelling anymore , and I do n't really need to sleep anymore , " she said . "  So I 'm going to go home and watch every horror movie on which I can get my hands . "	President Barack Obama tweeted praise to the "  incredible co-champs " "  The competition was against the dictionary , not against each other , " one winner says It 's the first time two champions have been declared in more than 50 years The last time the spelling bee ended in a tie was 1962 , organizers said
Athens  CNN  -- The leader of Greece 's extreme-right Golden Dawn party , Nikos Michaloliakos , is being held in custody after appearing in court Wednesday , the state-run Athens News Agency reported . Michaloliakos is being held at Athens Police headquarters until it 's decided which jail will house him , the agency reported . He gave a deposition to a Greek court on Wednesday that lasted until the early hours of Thursday morning in Athens , it said . He faces charges of running a criminal organization following the slaying of an anti-fascist musician last month . There was a heavy police presence outside the court in Athens ahead of Michaloliakos ' appearance . Three other Golden Dawn lawmakers who have already appeared in court -- Elias Kassidiaris , Elias Panagiotaros and Nikos Mihos -- were released Wednesday pending trial . A fourth , Ioannis Lagos , remains in custody . The arrests of the lawmakers , along with those of a number of party supporters , were part of a weekend police crackdown that followed a controversial stabbing death . It is the first time since the restoration of democracy in 1974 , after a seven-year junta , that a party leader and members of Parliament have been arrested . Pavlos Fyssas , a popular anti-fascist figure and well-known hip-hop artist with the stage name Killah P , was the victim of a knife attack that was allegedly committed by a Golden Dawn supporter . Kassidiaris denied his party 's involvement in Fyssas ' death , calling it a "  heinous crime . " The singer 's death has nevertheless led to renewed calls to ban Golden Dawn , which holds 18 of Parliament 's 300 seats . The Greek constitution does not allow for political parties to be banned , however , and the arrested lawmakers will retain their parliamentary seats unless they are convicted of a crime . In 2012 , Golden Dawn rode a wave of dissatisfaction among some Greeks -- spurred by internationally imposed austerity measures amid the country 's deep financial crisis -- to win 7 % of the vote and gain seats in Parliament for the first time . The ultranationalist , anti-immigration party has been linked by critics to street violence and neo-Nazism . CNN 's Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	NEW : Police hold Nikos Michaloliakos after court appearance Michaloliakos , the Golden Dawn party leader , is accused of forming a criminal gang Three other Golden Dawn lawmakers are free pending trial ; one remains in custody They were arrested in a police crackdown after the killing of an anti-fascist musician
CNN  -- The presidents of Sudan and Chad signed a non-aggression agreement late Thursday , aiming to halt cross-border hostilities between the two African nations . Chad President Idriss Deby , right , and Sudan 's President Omar al-Beshir , left , shake hands after signing the pact . The signing came after nearly two full days of talks in Dakar , Senegal , between Sudan President Omar al-Beshir and Idriss Deby , the president of Chad . Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade facilitated the talks , and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon met with officials from both nations and witnessed the signing of the agreement at about 10 p.m. "  The idea is to get the governments of Sudan and Chad to normalize their relations with each other and to halt any action that would allow for the cross-border movement of rebel factions or armed factions of either side that could hurt the other country , " said United Nations spokesman Farhan Haq . Each country accuses the other of supporting armed rebel groups that cross the border to attempt to destabilize the government . The rival nations ' armies have skirmished several times . The United Nations says refugees and armed groups have been regularly crossing the border between the troubled Darfur region of Sudan and Chad . They allegedly include many of the rebels that attacked N'Djamena , the capital of Chad , in early February . As recently as Thursday , just hours before the agreement was signed , Chad issued a communique saying rebels from Sudan had crossed the border . Chad is still recovering from a failed attempt last month by rebels to overthrow Deby 's regime . The United Nations says the swelling number of Darfur refugees and other displaced people living in eastern Chad is causing serious strain on the region . Kingsley Amaning , the U.N. 's humanitarian coordinator for Chad , said more than 10,000 people from Darfur , in Sudan , have fled into 12 official refugee camps in eastern Chad . They join some 240,000 Darfurians who have lived in Chad since 2004 because of fighting in their homeland and an estimated 180,000 displaced Chadians also living there . The number of displaced Chadians is growing because of the recent fighting there , Kingsley said . Haq said the United Nations , which has peacekeeping troops in the Darfur region , will work to assure Sudan and Chad carry out the terms of Thursday 's deal . The countries have signed several peace agreements in the past , only to see renewed violence flare up . E-mail to a friend	Sudan , Chad presidents sign agreement aiming to halt cross-border hostilities Signing came after nearly two days of talks between presidents of Sudan and Chad Each accuses other of supporting rebels that attempt to destabilize the government Just hours before agreement , Chad claimed rebels from Sudan had crossed border
CNN  -- U.S. star Mikaela Shiffrin produced a stunning slalom run to claim her first ever World Cup race victory at Are , Sweden on Thursday . The 17-year-old clocked the fastest aggregate time over two legs to see off home favorite Frida Hansdotter and championship leader Tina Maze of Slovenia . The teenager , racing in the absence of leading American Lindsey Vonn , finished with a combined time of one minute 45.36 seconds to stun her opponents . Shiffrin , who came home 00.29 seconds ahead of Hansdotter , had trailed after the first leg before roaring back to claim top spot . "  I 'll need for some time to be able to take this in , " Shiffrin , who did not finish Wednesday 's giant slalom , told reporters . "  I really enjoyed myself out there . I just tried to fly and sometimes it is easier like that . I will need to calm myself down before the next race at Semmering . " Shiffrin became the second youngest American to win a World Cup race , after Judy Nagel . "  My mom is my biggest help . She keeps me focused and grounded . I 'm sure she 'll talk to me in the next couple of days to make sure my head does n't get too big , " she said . "  Right now I want to hug her a lot . She 'll be here for Christmas with my dad . Right now I just need to calm down and regroup . " Maze , who was forced to settle for third place , was more than happy with her performance as she continued to dominate the overall standings . She said : "  The second leg was very fast and I am happy with that performance before Christmas and a little break that I feel I need . I gave everything I had today and it worked out well . " Maze sits top of the overall table on 919 points with Germany 's Maria Hofl-Riesch second with 532 points and Kathrin Zettel of Austria third on 466 points . Shiffrin , who last year became the youngest American to win a national alpine skiing championship , heads the slalom standings by 22 points from Hofl-Riesch -- the overall World Cup champion in 2011 and a double Olympic gold medalist .	Mikaela Shiffrin won her first ever World Cup race after finishing first in Sweden Teenager becomes second youngest American to win a World Cup event Home favorite Frida Hansdotter came second with Tina Maze of Slovenia in third
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- A dozen more people have died during ongoing sectarian violence in Myanmar 's western state of Rakhine , bringing the death toll from the unrest to 62 , a local official said Wednesday . "  The town has returned to normalcy , but the martial law and curfew are still in place , " said Win Myaing , a spokesman for state affairs . "  Residents ca n't leave their compounds from 6 p.m. until 6 a.m. and gatherings of more than five people are not allowed in order to prevent unrest . " Violence between Buddhists and Muslims erupted after the police detained three Muslim men in relation to the rape and killing of a Buddhist woman late last month . Two of the men were sentenced to death this week , the government-run newspaper New Light of Myanmar reported on its website . A third man hanged himself while in detention on June 9 . News of the crime appears to have motivated several hundred people to attack a bus in Rakhine in early June , killing 10 Muslims who were on board . Violence between Buddhists and Muslims then spread across the northern part of the state , resulting in the destruction of thousands of homes and the deaths of about 50 people , according to the government . The national government declared a state of emergency in Rakhine , bringing in the military to help restore order . Rakhine is home to the Rohingya , an ethnic Muslim minority who say they have been persecuted the Myanmar military during its decades of authoritarian rule . Hundreds of Rohingyas tried last week to cross the border into neighboring Bangladesh to flee the sectarian violence . But the Bangladeshi authorities have turned them back , saying they already have too many Rohingya refugees . Bangladeshi officials estimate 300,000 Rohingyas live in the country , with about a 10th of them in two official refugee camps . The unrest in Rakhine appears to have subsided notably from its peak earlier this month . The challenge for the authorities and international aid groups is supporting the thousands of people driven from their homes by the violence . U.N. World Food Programme estimated this week that "  there are about 90,000 displaced people in need of assistance as a result of the recent clashes . " "  The situation in northern Rakhine State remains very tense , " the human rights group Amnesty International said in a statement Tuesday . The organization called on the authorities to "  ensure full and unfettered humanitarian access to displaced people , and conduct an independent and impartial investigation into recent communal violence . " Vijay Nambiar , a U.N. envoy who visited the affected area , said last week that repairing relations between the different communities in Rakhine would be "  a long haul . " The unrest has tested the efforts of President Thein Sein 's administration to seek reconciliation with Myanmar 's different ethnic groups and move the country toward more democratic governance . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	The World Food Programme estimbates 90,000 people are displaced and need help The attack that appears to have set off the unrest involved the rape and killing of a woman Two Muslim men receive the death penalty ; a third already hanged himself in jail Amnesty International calls for an independent investigation into the violence
CNN  -- At least four people were killed and dozens more were injured on Saturday when security forces in the restive Syrian city of Homs Saturday greeted anguished mourners with brute force , an activist told CNN . The latest confrontation rattled a country on edge after at least 44 people died in Homs and other cities Friday when Syrian security personnel fired at demonstrators , according to the National Organization for Human Rights in Syria . The violence erupted after as tens of thousands of people marched in a funeral procession and went to a graveyard to bury some of the Friday 's victims , the activist said . The assault began after mourners were filing out of the cemetery , the activist said . "  We were chanting and praying for the martyrs and they just sprayed us with their bullets . I saw seven to eight people on the ground bleeding and moaning . I ran as fast as I could as bullets flew past us towards the fields and hid among the olive trees until another mourner saw me and helped me walk to the main road , " the activist said . "  From there I ran to my apartment to see my wife and children . We live very close to the graveyard and I can still hear the sound of heavy gunfire coming from the area . " Security forces earlier used force against 300 demonstrators in Homs who were demanding the right of mourners to march through the city center . But security forces forcefully put down the turnout in about 30 minutes , and many of the demonstrators were arrested . Later Saturday , tens of thousands of people gathered for the funeral procession on the outskirts of the city to bury eight victims of the Friday demonstrations , and it appeared the event would remain peaceful . The miles-long funeral procession defiantly passed by army stations and several tanks , but the marchers were greeted kindly by soldiers to which the crowd responded by chanting , "  The people and the army are one hand . " However , violence erupted as security forces stepped in , the activist said . Mourners quickly dispersed some into the graveyards and surrounding fields , and gunfire could be heard . CNN has not been granted access into Syria and is unable to independently verify witness accounts . The deaths occurred after demonstrations broke out after Friday prayers in Syrian cities , as they have for weeks . Every week , the demonstrations have particular themes . May 20 was Azadi Friday in honor of the Syrian Kurdish protesters . Azadi means "  freedom " in Kurdish . A military source quoted by the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said at least 17 civilians and security personnel were killed on Friday by the unidentified "  armed groups " the government has been blaming for the discord . For two months , Syria has been torn by street protests against political repression and a fierce security crackdown against demonstrators . The government 's fierce actions toward marchers and its thousands of mass arrests have drawn widespread criticism . Around 830 people have been killed in protests , according to the Syrian Human Rights Information Link . That number does not include security personnel , many of whom have been killed in attacks by "  armed groups , " according to the Syrian government . The United States has imposed sanctions on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials . On Thursday , President Barack Obama singled out Syria for criticism during his speech on the Middle East . The clashes have spurred people to flee to other countries , such as Turkey and Lebanon . Seven injured Syrians and four others people crossed the border into Turkey and were brought to Antakya state hospital Friday night , according to a doctor and the Hatay province governor quoted by Turkey 's state-run Anatolian Agency . The doctor at the Antakya State Hospital said the patients were between the ages of 25 and 40 and the injuries stemmed from gunshots . One patient was in intensive care and some of them had injuries on their feet . Another patient who was shot on the eye , was transferred to the university hospital in Hatay . About 250 Syrians fled to Turkey end of April , mostly from Latakia , on the western coast of Syria . They have been living in a tent camp set up by the Turkish Red Crescent for them in the border town of Yayladagi since then . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and al-Assad developed close ties between Turkey and Syria in recent years . Turkey lifted visa restrictions on Syrian visitors last year . But escalating violence in Syria is increasing worries of the Turkish government which has been advocating a "  zero problems " foreign policy with its neighbors . The U.N. refugee agency on Friday said it is helping serve the thousands of Syrians who "  escaped to the border areas of Wadi Khaled and Tall Bire in northern Lebanon . " "  Local leaders say some 1,400 people have crossed into these two regions over the past week from Tall Kalakh in Syria . "  This is in addition to those that have crossed since late April . Local authorities estimate that around 4,000 Syrians have crossed to Lebanon recently , " the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . The agency said many have found refuge with host families or relatives and some have taken shelter in a school . The Human Rights Watch on Friday said locally elected officials are estimating that 3,500 Syrians "  are currently present " in the Wadi Khaled area . But it criticized Lebanon 's security forces for detaining Syrian refugees in some instances . It said nine Syrian men and a child have been detained since Sunday . The relatives and friends of these people said they fled to Lebanon because they were afraid Syrian forces would arrest or shoot them . "  Lebanese authorities should instead provide them with at least temporary asylum , and above all refrain from deporting them back to Syria , " Human Rights Watch said . "  Syria welcomed many Lebanese fleeing war back in 2006 , " said Nadim Houry , Beirut director at Human Rights Watch . "  Now it 's time to return the favor . Lebanon should be offering immediate refuge to Syrians fleeing death or torture in their country . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Yesim Comert , Hamdi Alkhshali , Salma Abdelaziz and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	NEW : Casualties reported at the end of a massive funeral procession NEW : A human rights group says at least 44 people died on Azadi Friday 11 people , seven of whom were injured , crossed the border to Turkey
CNN  -- While "  Scandal " fans were recovering from April 's Season 3 finale , star Kerry Washington quietly welcomed a baby . According to TMZ , the 37-year-old actress welcomed a girl with husband Nnamdi Asomugha on April 21 . The pair , who just as secretly wed last summer , named their new arrival Isabelle Amarachi . While Washington has n't sent out a public birth announcement , the word has spread through her "  Scandal " family . At the White House Correspondents Dinner on May 3 , Washington 's TV dad Joe Morton said he was happy and excited for his co-star . "  I have n't spoken to her ; I just found out about last night , " Morton said . A number of Washington 's "  Scandal " castmates were in attendance at Saturday 's event , and while the new mom did spy some photos -- "  The @ScandalABC family is looking AMAZING , " she tweeted -- she was absent from the festivities . Obviously , she has plenty to keep her occupied . A source told People magazine , "  Kerry is at home busy with the baby . " CNN 's Nischelle Turner contributed to this report .	Kerry Washington has welcomed her first child The 37-year-old has n't made an official announcement Her "  Scandal " co-star Joe Morton congratulated her at the White House Correspondents Dinner
CNN  -- In an age where planes travel at record speeds and Google Earth gives visuals of every nook and cranny in the Grand Canyon , it may seem like the spirit of adventure and exploration that characterized the Wild West has gone the way of the T-Rex . But along the Apache Trail outside of Phoenix , that spirit remains afire , accessible to anyone with a car and the heart of a cowboy . The Apache Trail is a 40-mile circular road winding through the Superstition Mountains . Originally used as a migration route by the Apache Indians , it eventually became a stagecoach route and now a scenic drive . Although scenic may be too tame a description . Known for being one of the most treacherous routes in the United States , the road curves through steep mountainous terrain , surrounded by bush and cacti and a limited number of gas stations . Adding to the treachery , a segment of the trail remains unpaved between Tortilla Flat and Roosevelt Dam . This patch of narrow road slithers through some of the most spectacular scenery on the trail , but can be dangerous and is not recommended for large vehicles , including RVs , caravans , and some SUVs .  If renting a vehicle , check that the company allows your particular car to travel down this portion of the trail . Paved or unpaved , a trip along the trail is a worthwhile expedition for anyone wanting a Wild West adventure in the 21st century . Check out these must-see stops : Lost Dutchman State Park Visitors at the first stop along the Apache Trail might expect to meet Annie Oakley or Jesse James ambling with guns in their hip holsters through cacti and inhaling the Arizona dry air . But it 's Jacob Waltz whose name is famous here . Known as the Lost Dutchman -- though historical records indicate he hailed from Germany -- Waltz claimed to find a gold mine hidden in the Superstition Mountains , but he refused to reveal its location and no one has located it since his death in 1891 . Today , those in search of a fortune continue to traverse Lost Dutchman State Park in search of the mine . A handful have died in their quest . But for many others , the hiking trails provide an opportunity to explore the unique natural wonders of the Arizona desert . The park maintains hiking trails of varying difficulties as well as camping and RV sites for those wanting to spend the night . Goldfield Ghost Town Goldfield is a restored ghost town settled by miners a century ago . Tourists can take a tour of the old mine , sift for gold , dine at the saloon -- surrounded by antler and buffalo heads -- or amble down Main Street to LuLu 's "  family friendly " Bordello Museum and Gift Shop . Be sure to sample some of the root beer fudge and prickly pear cactus fudge at the General Store for a soda-shop-meets-Wild-West kind of treat . Gunfights occur hourly on weekends between noon and 4 p.m. , and weddings can be held at the town church . Canyon Lake It 's a curious sight to round a bend on the Apache Trail and find a 950-acre lake nestled in the desert valley . That 's because Canyon Lake was formed as a result of the Mormon Flat Dam , which was completed in 1925 . Today , the lake is a welcome oasis from the oppressive hot and dry air that characterizes the Southwest . Visitors to Canyon Lake may swim , sunbathe on the beach or rent a boat at the Marina . Canyon Lake also has campgrounds , a restaurant , and for a short romantic getaway , the Dolly Steamboat offers both daytime and dinner cruises . Tortilla Flat This outpost in the Superstition Mountains is home to six fearless residents and the tourists who pass through to see sites like Dutchman 's Inn , founded by Jacob Waltz himself when he did n't like the town 's restaurants . "  Pardners , you 're lookin ' at the result , " a sign outside the site says , "  Jacob even made sure spirits were included since he could not resist a nip or two occasionally . "  Sadly , there 's no dining or nipping at the Dutchman 's Inn now  . It is well worth a visit to the Superstition Saloon , where the wallpaper is composed of paper currency from a variety of countries , sarsaparillas flow freely , and the bar stools are made of horse saddles . A post office is also present so intrepid tourists can drop a postcard purchased from the general store into the mail .  The general store also stocks some particularly colorful and sparkly cowboy hats . Apache Lake Like Canyon Lake , Apache Lake was formed by a dam erected along the Salt River . Today , the site offers intimate coves , hiking trails , fishing , boating and water skiing opportunities . Those walking around the 17-mile lake should n't be surprised to see wildlife including javelinas , deer and eagles . The site also offers a motel , restaurant and gas station . RV and camper hookups are available . Roosevelt Dam and Lake Like the Hoover Dam , Roosevelt Dam is a concrete arc designed to conserve water in the desert and provide electricity . Approximately 300 feet high , the Dam contains Roosevelt Lake , where tourists can swim , camp , boat , ride personal watercraft and shop at the general store . Tonto National Monument Visitors who reach the farthest point along the Apache Trail loop from the entrance at Lost Dutchman State Park will be rewarded with the sight of Tonto National Monument . This monument preserves cave dwellings used over 700 years ago by ancient residents in what used to be a bustling community . Spectacular views of Roosevelt Lake are available from the monument . Tonto National Monument also has an 18-minute orientation video in the museum , which can be a welcome retreat if the weather is oppressive . Special activities including moon hikes , and off-site hikes are scheduled at various times of year , so be sure to check the website in advance of visiting . The entire Apache Trail takes about six hours to drive through . For travelers wanting a shorter journey , it takes approximately 90 minutes to drive the loop from Lost Dutchman State Park to Tortilla Flat and back .  The sites are more condensed on this part of the trail and all roads are paved . But whether taking the long or short route , be sure to start off on the trail with a full tank of gas , refilling whenever possible to avoid running empty on the narrow road . And keep an eye out for the Dutchman 's lost mine -- anyone who finds it would surely prove that the age of expedition and adventure on the Apache Trail is far from over .	Arizona 's 40-mile Apache Trail captures the flavor of the Old West Goldfield Ghost Town , Tortilla Flat offer proof of hardy living past and present Canyon and Apache lakes provide welcome relief from the dry climate
CNN  -- Twenty-five years ago last September , on the occasion of John Paul II 's first visit to the U.S. , two young priests appeared on the cover of US News and World Report with the title emblazoned across their chests , "  The Pope 's Foot Soldiers . " I was one of those priests . Twelve years later , I left the priesthood and the Augustinian order to begin a doctoral program in clinical psychology . Today , I 've exchanged my Roman collar for a white collar job consulting leaders and executives in global organizations , helping them to meet the challenges they face in the trenches of corporate life . As the College of Cardinals gathers in Rome this month to elect a new leader , there 's no shortage of talk about the church 's current troubles . Some have suggested that the corporate world might provide the new pope with valuable advice on how to navigate the Church through rough and uncertain waters . But perhaps the most relevant contribution that corporations can offer the papal conclave is how to avoid the mistakes of the recent past in choosing a successor -- specifically , the potential pitfalls of moving a No. 2 senior leader into the No. 1 role . Throughout the papacy of John Paul II , Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger  who is now the former Pope Benedict XVI  served effectively as a tough minded "  COO " reviewing church operations globally , checking the orthodoxy of seminaries and ensuring that his boss ' vision of realigning the church around a deeply conservative agenda was effectively executed . By most accounts , he performed this job reasonably well . His success in managing church operations enabled John Paul II to become the "  people 's pope , " traveling the world and conferring with heads of state . When John Paul died , many saw Cardinal Ratzinger as the perfect successor . He seemed to be familiar with the Church 's challenges , was well known and generally well thought of by his peers and his doctrinal orthodoxy seemingly ensured a smooth and stable transition . That , at least , was the hope . How the pope is selected In fact , very early on in his papacy it became evident that Benedict lacked the vitality required to lead a scandal ridden church . He also did not have the necessary distance from the church 's mismanagement to be a credible voice for change . In our CEO succession work , we find that organizations often assume that the COO or even the CFO , by virtue of their knowledge of the business and their familiarity to the board , are best positioned to take on the top role . In making this judgment , they may not be including in their calculus some essential qualities that can make all of the difference between a smooth and successful transition and a short-lived , rocky tenure that leaves the organization drifting and directionless . Either way , there is no mistaking the critical importance of the leader at the helm . A case in point is Jeff Bezos of Amazon . A few years ago , Amazon was struggling with a business model that was n't working and a clientele that was flocking to new websites and product lines . His leadership , vision and commitment to innovation has energized his company and brought new life to the brand . The Church is at the brink of its own transition at the top that could have an enormous impact on its future vitality and direction . It represents a moment filled with opportunity and fraught with challenge . In that light , here are some of the questions that the last conclave should have considered and must be on their agenda this time around : • What kind of strategic thinking ability has this leader demonstrated that suggest he will be able to pull together and communicate a compelling and unifying vision for the Church 's future ? • Has this leader demonstrated an ability to effectively govern a large and complex bureaucracy ? Is he a good judge of talent and willing to delegate critical management roles to the right people ? • Is this leader an extraordinary communicator , willing and able to utilize the electronic and social media to reach out to people across cultures and generations ? • Has this leader developed strong relationships outside of the Church with other leaders , both religious and secular , that can be leveraged to break down barriers and forge new and dynamic partnerships ? • How courageous and forceful will this leader be to push for changes that will cultivate broader ownership and participation in decision making among all members ? • Is this person seen as a leader of unfailing integrity who has not in the past and will not in the future succumb to the temptation to compromise core values ? These are the kinds of questions that the current College of Cardinals will hopefully be considering as they gather in Rome this month . They 're similar to questions many corporations , confronted with compelling challenges and a need for new direction , have faced as they sought to consider who should fill their top role . The papal conclave represents a great opportunity for the Church to demonstrate that it 's learned some important lessons from the recent past . They can draw from the experiences of other global corporations around them to see that avoiding faulty assumptions and asking the right questions can prevent their having to schedule another conclave in the near future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Brian Frawley .	Brian Frawley : Cardinals choosing new pope could learn from business world He says organizations sometimes elevate people in No. 2 positions to top spot Frawley : Choosing Benedict , who served his predecessor well , turned out to be a mistake Frawley : A leader must master strategy , communications , administration , other skills
New York  CNN  -- After losing a lengthy legal battle to avoid extradition to the United States , Egyptian-born cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri confronted a host of terror charges Saturday when he was presented before a federal judge in Manhattan . The one-eyed radical preacher faces 11 terrorism-related charges and is one of five men who departed England late Friday , hours after the High Court in London ruled the men could be extradited "  immediately . " Amid high security , authorities temporarily removed al-Masri 's prosthetic limbs , devices he uses after apparently sustaining injuries in Afghanistan . Two planes carrying the men left the British Air Force base Mildenhall so they could face trial in the United States , Home Secretary Theresa May said in a statement . Al-Masri will be arraigned Tuesday morning , officials said . Separately , Khaled al-Fawwaz and Adel Abdul Bary pleaded not guilty before a judge Saturday . The trio are being held at New York 's Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan , a federal law enforcement source told CNN . Two others , Babar Ahmad and Talha Ahsan , clad in green and yellow prison jumpsuits , also pleaded not guilty Saturday before a judge in New Haven , Connecticut , according to the U.S. Attorney 's office there . "  The extraditions of Abu Hamza , Bary and al-Fawwaz are a major milestone in our effort to see these alleged high-level terrorists face American justice , " said FBI New York acting assistant director-in-charge Mary Galligan . "  When an indictment alleges the murderous intent of international terrorists , the government will not waver in its determination to achieve justice , no matter how long it takes . " BBC apologizes to Queen Elizabeth over Abu Hamza revelation The charges against al-Masri include conspiracy in connection with a 1998 kidnapping of 16 Westerners in Yemen , and conspiring with others to establish an Islamic jihad training camp in rural Oregon in 1999 . He could be sentenced to life in prison if convicted . The cases of Ahmad and Ahsan are both linked to a website called azzam.com , which U.S. prosecutors say was run by the two men to support terrorism around the world . Meanwhile , al-Fawwaz and Bary are accused of being al Qaeda associates of Osama bin Laden in London during the 1990s . Al-Masri is one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britain , where he was already sentenced to seven years for inciting racial hatred at his north London mosque and other terrorism-related charges . Born in Egypt in 1958 , he traveled to Britain to study before gaining citizenship through marriage in the 1980s . A one-time nightclub bouncer in London 's Soho district , al-Masri -- also known as Mustafa Kamal Mustafa -- has said he lost both hands and one eye while fighting against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan . He often wears a hook in place of one hand . In 1997 , al-Masri became the imam of a north London mosque , where his hate-filled speeches attacking the West began to attract national attention and followers , including Richard Reid , the so-called "  shoe bomber " who attempted to blow up a Miami-bound passenger airplane three months after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Al-Masri has called the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center "  a towering day in history " and described bin Laden as "  a good guy and a hero . " He also described the Columbia space shuttle disaster in 2003 as "  punishment from Allah " because the astronauts were Christian , Hindu and Jewish . Lawyers for al-Masri told the British court their client suffers from deteriorating mental health and was unfit to plead . CNN 's Raelyn Johnson , Jonathan Wald , Andrew Carey and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Abu Hamza al-Masri confronts a host of terror charges Saturday in federal court Al-Masri is among five men extradited to the U.S. after losing a legal battle in London He is one of the highest-profile radical Islamic figures in Britain
CNN  -- If it seems like nearly everyone you see these days , from kids to seniors , has some kind of tech gadget handy , it 's not just your imagination . According to a new report from the Pew Internet and American Life project , nearly 90 % of Americans now own a cell phone , computer , MP3 player , game console , e-book reader or tablet computer . In Generations and Their Gadgets , Pew explores how age groups in the U.S. tend to use their tech devices . It defines six generations ranging from age 18 to 75-plus . A few highlights about how Americans of different ages use mobile devices : Cell phones Eighty-five percent of Americans currently own cell phones , making it the single most popular type of tech gadget . Slightly more Americans use their cell phones to take pictures  76 %  than to send or receive text messages  72 %  -- but across all age groups , those two non-voice call activities are the most popular . Among the 15 % of Americans who do not own a cell phone , one-third live in a household with at least one working cell phone . So , overall , "  90 % of all adults  including 62 % of those age 75 and older  live in a household with at least one working cell phone , " the survey finds . Also , Pew notes that as of June , about a quarter of all U.S. households had gone mobile-only , ditching their traditional "  landline " phone connections . This includes more than half of all adults ages 25 to 29 , and it indicates how crucial it is to update the U.S. 911 emergency calling system to be more friendly to cell phones , as well as to accommodate more types of communication than voice calls . Even though more people are getting smartphones  30 percent of U.S. cell phone owners , by most estimates  , only Americans ages 18 to 34 are especially likely to use their phones for several purposes : internet access , e-mail , games , getting or playing music , sending or receiving photos , recording video , etc. . The only widely popular activities across all age groups are taking pictures and text messaging , which may explain why 70 % of Americans still rely on non-smart "  feature phones , " which have fewer bells and whistles . MP3 players As tech gadgets go , MP3 players are relatively limited devices . So it 's a bit surprising that the youngest and most tech-savvy age group Pew studied is by far the most likely to own an MP3 player . Three-quarters of Americans ages 18 to 34 own an MP3 player , but only 56 % of the next oldest group  35 to 46  do . Tablets As of September , 5 % of U.S. adults owned tablet computers such as the iPad or Galaxy Tab , up from 3 % in May .  Apple 's popular iPad hit U.S. stores in April . With the launch of several Android-based iPad competitors , expect this kind of device to become much more popular in the next year . It 'll be interesting to see whether tablet ownership starts to displace some ownership of laptop computers . E-readers Currently , 5 % of Americans own e-reader devices such as the Kindle or Nook , but this vastly underestimates the total number of people who read e-books . Many people read e-books on their smartphones , tablets , and desktop or laptop computers . E-reader devices are most popular among Americans ages 47 to 56 . I suspect that in the next year , tablets will shake up all kinds of patterns of mobile device ownership and use in the U.S. . If tablet prices start to drop and more options for size and connectivity emerge  especially likely for Android models  , it 's possible that that many people who rely primarily on feature phones might choose to invest in a Wi-Fi-enabled tablet  a one-time expense  rather than upgrading to a full smartphone  with higher monthly bills and often unexpected charges  . The opinions expressed in this story are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Eighty-five percent of Americans currently own cell phones About a quarter of all U.S. households have gone mobile phone-only Five percent of Americans own e-reader devices such as the Kindle or Nook
London  CNN  -- The chief executive of British airport operator BAA , which is responsible for London 's Heathrow , says he will not be taking his bonus for 2010 following the travel chaos caused by heavy snow . Colin Matthews told CNN : "  I am focusing 100 % on passengers , we have n't got everyone home yet , there is still a backlog . " He refused to comment on the size of the bonus he has declined . "  I do not want to talk about my remuneration . I will be foregoing my bonus for the calendar year 2010 , " he said . When questioned about a rumored "  secret bonus " based on profits , Matthews said : "  There is no secret bonus . " BAA would not discuss its bonus schemes but last year Matthews ' salary and bonuses totalled # 944,000  $ 1.45 million  , according to the British Press Association . Asked how Heathrow will respond to the crisis , he said : "  It is clear that we will need to buy new equipment ... and purchase that as quickly as possible . What has caught us out is the intensity of the snow . " His comments came as tens of thousands of stranded passengers across Europe were finally starting their Christmas holidays Wednesday after airport and rail operators made the most of a clear weather spell and began addressing a huge backlog . Heathrow , the busiest airport in Europe and one of the hubs most affected by winter weather , opened its second runway Tuesday evening and said it was operating at between 70 % and 80 % of capacity Wednesday . However , around 400 flights have been canceled . Travelers were advised to check with their airlines before traveling to the airport . Malcolm Robertson , head of communications at BAA , told CNN : "  We 're making progress ... 100 % of our infrastructure is clear and we 're in a good position to increase the number of people we move . " Robertson said that he expected Heathrow to be fully open on Thursday and that the airport was "  as prepared as we can be " for further predicted snow later this week . On Wednesday British Airways said that it would operate a "  full longhaul departure schedule " on Thursday and Friday from Heathrow . Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris , the second busiest airport in Europe , was also slowly returning to normal . However , forecasted snow on Wednesday forced an expected 15 % reduction in flight schedules between 18:00 GMT and 23:00 GMT . Airlines were expected to cancel one-quarter of scheduled flights on Thursday at Charles de Gaulle , said the Directorate General of Civil Aviation . At Frankfurt , another major European hub , 1,400 flights were expected to operate Wednesday , according to Juergen Harrer , an airport spokesman . All three runways were open , although there were 70 flight cancellations due to other airports not being operational , he said . Harrer told CNN , "  There are still many passengers in the terminals but we are doing our best to get them to their destinations . " An official at Gatwick Airport , London , also warned of "  some knock-on delays and cancellations Wednesday , " due to the ongoing impact of snow . Meanwhile , the long queues that had been winding down the street outside Eurostar 's London rail terminal , St. Pancras International , had largely cleared on Wednesday . A Eurostar spokesman estimated around 500 people were queuing for check-in early Wednesday , far fewer than the thousands seen Tuesday . "  People seem to be respecting our advice not to come to the terminal unless they have a valid ticket for today , and not to arrive more than one hour before their train 's departure . This is helping the terminal to get back to normal , " Eurostar spokesman Leigh Calder said . Eurostar has stopped selling new tickets for travel before December 26 in an effort to get pre-booked passengers on trains in time for Christmas . "  We are confident we will get everyone with a valid ticket to their destination before Christmas Eve , " Calder said . Eurostar was running at 80 % of normal capacity , taking passengers across the Channel Tunnel to Paris and Brussels , Belgium . Nine trains have been canceled out of 52 scheduled services on Wednesday . Speed restrictions have been applied , so each journey is taking longer than usual and creating knock-on delays for other services . The UK 's Met Office has issued weather warnings for parts of central England Wednesday but said it was not expecting further snow in London Wednesday and that Heathrow and Gatwick airports "  should remain dry . " CNN 's Laura Perez-Maestro and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : Heathrow boss Colin Matthews will not take his bonus for 2010 NEW : Matthews ' salary and bonuses totalled $ 1.45 million in 2009 , according to PA. . Heathrow operating at 70 % capacity Wednesday , around 400 flights canceled Cancellations at Gatwick and Frankfurt airports due to "  knock-on " effect from other airports
CNN  -- The man suspected of shooting two students at a Littleton , Colorado , middle school was identified as 32-year-old Bruco Strongeagle Eastwood , authorities said Wednesday . Eastwood was arrested after the incident Tuesday at Deer Creek Middle School and is scheduled to appear in court Wednesday morning , according to the Jefferson County Sheriff 's Office . He is facing two counts of attempted first-degree murder , the sheriff 's office said . He is accused of shooting two students as classes were letting out at 3:15 p.m. Tuesday . David Benke , a 6-foot-5 former college basketball player who is a math teacher and track coach , tackled the suspected gunman as he was preparing to fire again , CNN affiliate KMGH reported . " -LSB- The shooter -RSB- was trying to rack another round , " Benke told the station . "  I knew he could n't get another round in before I got to him , so I grabbed him . " A parent who saw the incident told KMGH that the gunman kept mumbling , "  I 'm fighting for freedom . I 'm fighting for freedom , " as he was being subdued . The students , a boy and a girl , were taken to Littleton Hospital with non-life-threatening injuries , a sheriff 's office spokeswoman said . Tuesday 's shooting occurred in the same area as one of the deadliest school shootings in U.S. history , the 1999 killing of 12 students and a teacher at Columbine High School . The two gunmen in that incident , both Columbine students , then turned their guns on themselves . CNN 's Andy Rose contributed to this report .	Bruco Strongeagle Eastwood , 32 , arrested in shootings of two students Gunfire begins as middle school classes end for the day Math teacher/coach tackles suspect , confiscates gun before police arrive Incident was in same area of Colorado as 1999 Columbine rampage
CNN  -- For generations , hundreds of millions of sports fans have seen the iconic Goodyear blimp hanging out above stadiums across the nation . Ever wonder how the thing actually flies ? This 192-foot-long aircraft is a machine with its own set of rules . It 's very different from an airplane . For one , obviously , it has no wings . Two , it typically flies about 1,500 feet above the ground . Compare that with New York 's Chrysler building , which towers about 1,050 feet high . And another thing : Goodyear 's blimps move ... very ... slowly . They max out at about 53 mph but usually they cruise at a conservative 35 mph . Here are three basic things to know about blimps : -- Blimps belong to a family of aircraft called "  airships , " defined as aircraft that do n't use wings to fly . Instead they are lifted by helium . -- What 's a blimp , exactly ? A blimp is an airship that has no internal framework to keep its helium gas bag rigid . That giant gas bag is what pilots call the "  envelope . " -- Pilots power and steer blimps with two propeller engines and a moveable tail and rudder system . We 'll have more on exactly how it all works later this week after CNN flies above Atlanta 's Chick-fil-A Bowl Tuesday night with Goodyear blimp pilot Matt Lussier and camera operator Tom O'Keefe . Lussier 's flying background is rooted in airplanes . But to learn to fly a blimp , he says , "  you have to throw a lot of that away . This is a real seat-of-your-pants flyer . I mean , you feel it . You wear it . " Compared with blimps , airplanes respond very quickly . But flying a blimp is an exercise in anticipation . You have to anticipate what the ship 's going to do before it does it . Then , almost as soon as a shift starts happening , you have to reverse it because otherwise it will keep happening long after you want it to stop . Belle of the bowls During this college football bowl season , blimps will be all over the map . In addition to the Chick-fil-A Bowl , Goodyear 's three airships are set to hover over Florida 's Orange Bowl , California 's Rose Bowl , Arizona 's Fiesta Bowl , Louisiana 's Sugar Bowl and the National Championship January 6 in Pasadena , California . Ever wonder what it 's like up there in the gondola ? Ever ponder the "  rules of the road " when it comes to flying a huge aircraft close to skyscrapers and towering antennas ? During the game broadcasts , how do the TV director , the pilot and the blimp camera operator coordinate to get those beautiful aerial skyline shots of the stadiums ? Got a question for the crew ? Share it in the comments section below and we 'll try to get it answered . If the weather cooperates , the blimp will provide live beauty shots for ESPN 's coverage of Duke University versus Texas A&M . On the field , 2012 Heisman winner Johnny Manziel -- aka Johnny Football -- will quarterback the Texas Aggies , while in the sky over the Georgia Dome , we 'll go behind-the-scenes to reveal more details about what it takes to fly a true American icon . Meantime , here are a few pieces of blimp trivia : 1 . ` Everyone 's looking up ' How did Goodyear get into the airship business ? In a word : rubber . Pretty much everybody knows Goodyear makes tires and other rubber products . In 1917 , when the U.S. Navy needed airships that included rubberized fabrics and coatings , Goodyear came calling . The first Goodyear airships for the Navy were based along the East Coast and were used for training , patrols and search and rescue operations . Goodyear started operating its own airships in 1919 . Little did Goodyear know its blimps would become one of the best-known corporate symbols in the United States . The company now estimates some 60 million Americans get a first-hand look at its three U.S. blimps every year . "  Sometimes you 'll go over a high school or middle school that 's having football practice and when we fly over , practice stops , " says Lussier , captain of "  Spirit of Innovation , " Goodyear 's youngest airship . "  Everyone 's looking up . It 's kinda cool . " 2 . Eyes in the sky Goodyear kicked off its first blimp event coverage in 1955 at the Rose Bowl and parade in Pasadena , California , according to the tire maker . Nearly 60 years later , Goodyear performed another first : aerial TV coverage by two blimps simultaneously . It happened at a football game in November between Virginia Tech and the University of Miami at SunLife Stadium . "  In some ways , the Goodyear blimp is as much a part of football as tailgating or as hotdogs are to baseball , " said 20-year veteran airship historian Dan Grossman . "  You can imagine football without it , but it would be kind of sad . It has become part of our national consciousness . " 3 . Dude , Zeppelins ROCK ! Beginning in 2014 , Goodyear plans to start phasing out its blimps to make room for a new generation of airships : the Zeppelin NTs . The envelopes of the NTs have semi-rigid internal frames made of lightweight carbon fiber . So , technically , these new Goodyear airships wo n't be blimps . Hmmmm ... will folks start calling them "  Goodyear semi-rigid airships ? " Doubtful . In fact , Goodyear calls them NTs , which stands for "  new technology . " The company is building them in partnership with German manufacturer ZLT Zeppelin Luftschifftechnik . That 's the forerunner of the firm that built the infamous airship the Hindenburg , which blew up during a New Jersey landing in 1937 . Unlike that Zeppelin , NTs fly with helium , not the dangerously flammable hydrogen that destroyed the Hindenburg . The NTs will be more than 50 feet longer , 20 mph faster and more maneuverable than Goodyear 's blimps . "  It 'll carry more passengers , " says Lussier . "  And the two engines attached to a frame midway up the envelope will swivel , allowing it to take off and land more like a helicopter in tighter spots . And on top of that , the new airship 's going to be a lot faster . " As previously mentioned , the blimps max out at around 53 mph , while the Zeppelins are expected to top out at around 70 mph . "  Its abilities are just phenomenal , " Lussier says . 4 . Auto-deflate mechanism Even when they 're on the ground , the blimps are extremely vulnerable to high winds . A special latch on the nose of the blimps keeps it attached to a mast . Goodyear says failure of that latch is very unlikely , but if the blimp does break away from the mast , it 's designed to automatically deflate to prevent it from floating away . 5 . Razzle-dazzle Next time you see breathtaking video above a sports stadium from a Goodyear Blimp , think about this : video beams from the airship to the ground via microwaves are sent to a microwave dish and a receiver , which then feeds video to the TV network . Goodyear uses its own camera operators and specially designed TV equipment to shoot those beauty shots . Thousands of LED lights across the surface of the blimps create a bit of razzle-dazzle signage . The company calls it Eaglevision , describing it as a "  computer driven , electronic system which reads data and then sends out millions of commands to turn the lights on and off with different colors at the proper instant creating text and animations brilliant enough to be seen up to one mile away . "	Goodyear began making blimps in 1917 Wind is a blimp 's worst enemy ; pilots control blimps with an odd steering wheel Goodyear blimps have an auto-deflating system in case of emergencies Goodyear plans an upgrade to faster , longer Zeppelin NT airships in 2014
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso has targeted a "  very different 2012 " after his finish in the final grand prix of the Formula One season meant he ended 2011 in fourth place in the drivers ' standings . The Spaniard narrowly missed out on the title in 2010 and was expected to prove a major challenger to Sebastian Vettel 's crown but he only won one race all season -- at the British Grand Prix . Ferrari have toiled behind Red Bull and McLaren throughout the entire campaign , Alonso finishing 135 points behind Vettel while his team lagged 275 points behind Red Bull in the constructors ' race . And the two-time world champion says his team must improve next year . Webber claims first win of 2011 in Brazil "  In terms of team work we grew a lot in 2011 and we must absolutely make this the starting point for a very different 2012 , " Alonso told Ferrari 's official website . "  If I had to score our performance , I can but repeat what Ferrari president  Luca di  Montezemolo said , giving us something between a five and six , but all the same I am proud of what the team was able to do . "  We need a car that is about five or six tenths quicker : achieving that wo n't be a walk in the park , but I have every confidence in our engineers and in a team that dominated the last decade in Formula One and holds every possible record in this sport . "  Let us not forget that I managed to get on the podium ten times and to score more points than last year . "  Losing out on third in the drivers ' championship is definitely not a big problem : first place is the only one that really counts . " Final Formula One standings Alonso 's performance at the season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix mirrored his campaign as he trailed the Red Bull pair of Vettel -- who secured the 2011 title with four races remaining -- and Mark Webber , who won his first race of the season . Alonso held third for a time before Jenson Button 's McLaren proved too fast for him , and says he could n't extract any more from his car . He added : "  Yet another race in which we did everything to perfection , from the start to the strategy and the work of the team . The final result is more down to the performance of the others than our own , because we could not have done more . "  I was not fighting closely with other drivers , but it would certainly have helped me gain a few tenths while overtaking . "  This grand prix produced an accurate reflection of the season : we have almost always done our maximum , fighting for a podium finish in a car that was not as good as the top two . "	Fernando Alonso says his Formula One team Ferrari needs a ` very different ' 2012 Alonso had a disappointing year finishing fourth in the drivers ' championship Spaniard is a two-time winner of the title but was never in contention in 2011 Alonso says Ferrari 's performance across the season only rates as a ` five or six '
CNN  After enduring wounds from being struck 50 times , a Saudi blogger has been given a reprieve in receiving another 50 lashes this Friday , said Amnesty International . The case of Raif Badawi has garnered international headlines and global outrage . Badawi started a blog called "  Free Saudi Liberals " in 2008 to encourage discussion about Islam , particularly the intrusion of the nation 's religious police in Saudis ' personal lives . He was officially charged with "  adopting liberal thought , " "  founding a liberal website , " and "  insulting Islam . " A Jeddah court convicted him of "  insulting Islam " and handed down a 10-year prison term and ordered that be whipped 1,000 times . Badawi received his first 50 lashes in the second week in January and was taken back to prison . He was supposed to be beaten again the third week , but Saudi officials postponed that due to medical advice , the blogger 's wife said . On Wednesday , a medical committee of about eight doctors assessed Badawi at King Fahd Hospital in Jeddah and determined he was too injured to withstand the beatings this week , according to Amnesty . "  Instead of continuing to torment Raif Badawi by dragging out his ordeal with repeated assessments , the authorities should publicly announce an end to his flogging and release him immediately and unconditionally , " said Said Boumedouha , deputy director of Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa program . "  Raif Badawi is still at risk . There is no way of knowing whether the Saudi Arabian authorities will disregard the medical advice and allow the flogging to go ahead , " Boumedouha said . OpEd : Has Saudi Arabia bought the world 's silence on human rights abuses ? Lashings , beheadings , Saudi 's ` cherished ' justice system	Saudi blogger convicted of ` insulting Islam ' has second round of flogging postponed Raif Badawi was sentenced to 1,000 lashes Doctors said Badawi was too injured to withstand getting more lashes
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China 's move to abolish re-education through labor camps -- under which tens of thousands have been imprisoned without trial -- may be no more than a cosmetic change , a new report from Amnesty International warns . The human rights group says that while labor camps are being shut , research suggested that authorities are expanding the use of "  black jails , " enforced drug rehabilitation clinics and "  brainwashing centers " to take their place . "  There is a very real risk that the Chinese authorities will abolish one system of arbitrary detention only to expand the use of other types , " the report said . A spokesman from China 's Ministry of Justice declined to comment on the Amnesty report . Corinna-Barbara Francis , Amnesty International 's China researcher , said the abolishment may only be a "  cosmetic change just to avert the public outcry over the abusive re-education through labor system . " China said on November 15 that it would close its labor camps after earlier putting the policy under review , with the move hailed as the biggest change to China 's criminal justice system in decades . Detention without trial The system was set up in 1950s and allows police to detain petty offenders -- such as thieves , prostitutes and drug addicts -- for up to four years without a trial . According to China 's Ministry of Justice , the country had 351 labor camps at the end of 2012 , with more than 50,000 inmates . Other estimates have put the number of detainees much higher . The "  re-education process " has also been used to punish those detained for their political , religious or personal beliefs -- such as members of the banned Falun Gong spiritual movement or petitioners with complaints against local officials , Amnesty said . Torture is said to be rife at the camps . Detainees have told Amnesty International they were beaten , sometimes with electric batons , denied food , subjected to simulated drowning , injected with unknown drugs and subjected to the "  rack " torture . " Brainwashing centers The report said interviews with petitioners and Falun Gong practitioners revealed abuses were continuing despite the closure of the camps . Some labor camps were being re-labeled as drug rehabilitation centers and released detainees were being sent to black jails -- unofficial detention centers set up in places like hotels or abandoned buildings -- or "  brainwashing centers , " another form of arbitrary detention . Falun Gong practitioner Zhang Zhi told Amnesty International she was released from a labor camp in Harbin in June 2013 but on her release staff from a brainwashing center were waiting for her at the gate . Her family were able to intervene and prevented her from being taken away . She has since gone into hiding . "  The Chinese authorities must immediately end all forms of arbitrary detention and ensure that laws protecting detainees are brought into line with international human rights standards , " Francis said . "  This needs to be a fundamental change in the policies that are at the root of the repression and which strip detainees of their most basic rights . "	Amnesty says China 's move to abolish labor camps may be a cosmetic change Rights groups says Chinese authorities are expanding use of other types of arbitrary detention China said on November 15 that it would close its labor camp system NEW : Chinese government declines to comment on the report
Shanghai  CNN  -- So , they apparently did it again . For the second time in a decade , 15-year-olds in Shanghai have scored at the top of the PISA global education assessment , ranking number one in the world in reading , math and science . The Chinese city has a top performing system thanks in part to the strong drive and self-belief of its students , says OECD special advisor on education policy -- and PISA survey head -- Andreas Schleicher . "  In Shanghai , you have nine out of ten students telling you , ` It depends on me . If I invest the effort , my teachers are going to help me to be successful , ' " Schleicher tells me during a taping of CNN 's "  On China " on location in the city . The Shanghai exam results have come under fire for shutting out the city 's migrant children and not being representative of the city 's total student population -- something the OECD refutes . But one thing is for certain . The results are not representative of a nation . China as a whole does not take the PISA exam . Data on a number of Chinese cities and provinces is not yet published by PISA . China as a whole is expected to be included in the 2015 assessment . Data from the Rural Education Action Program  REAP  at Stanford University in the United States provides a stark picture of how Shanghai 's education success is not repeated in China 's less wealthy , rural interior . While 84 % of high school grads in Shanghai go to college , less than 5 % of China 's rural poor make it to university . High school attendance is just 40 % in poor , rural areas of China . And as they struggle with poverty and debate the opportunity cost of simply going to class , a significant number of rural students start dropping out in middle school . Why are students dropping out ? Across the world 's second biggest economy , the education system is vastly unequal . But incredibly , Schleicher tells me a child from a poor background in China has a better chance to be well educated than poor , rural students in other countries . "  The learning environment you would encounter there , the quality is a lot higher than what you 'd encounter in a similar context almost anywhere else in the world , " he says . Seated across from Schleicher during the "  On China " panel discussion in Shanghai is Andrea Pasinetti , the founder of Teach for China -- a non-profit that brings graduates from China and the U.S. to teach at some of China 's most under-resourced schools . Pasinetti reveals a particularly bullish view on rural education in China : "  A lot of these  rural  schools tend to be boarding schools . So the school provides not only a context for classroom instruction , it also provides a context for personal growth and exploration . " Pasinetti 's views are distinctly out of sync with that of educator Jiang Xueqin , currently the Deputy Principal of Tsinghua University High School . "  Kids in the rural regions are at a huge disadvantage . Teachers and school are under-resourced , " he says . "  The other issue is that in the rural regions , there 's a lot of movement so parents move to the cities leaving their kids behind in the schools . So there is n't that parental support and guidance that kids need to thrive . "  Rural schools are under a lot of cultural stigma . No one in China believes they will succeed . " Though Jiang 's assessment is in line with what has generally been reported about China 's rural education challenges , Pasinetti calls it an "  irresponsible perception . " "  It is a huge misconception that local communities are n't invested in the education of their children and grandchildren , " says the Teach for China founder . "  I speak to grandmothers who are illiterate , who live often on two or three dollars a day ... who would do anything and stop at nothing to make sure that the child they have in their home is able to achieve a great education . "  The big difficulty is that oftentimes , they do n't know where to start . " The Chinese government is attempting to tackle the challenge . In 2010 , China released a 10-year national education reform plan . Among other objectives , it plans to focus less on tests and get the best teachers into the rural communities that desperately need them . "  Every discussion you have with Chinese officials about education reform revolves around the question of equity , " says Pasinetti . But Jiang is not optimistic about the prospects for education equity in China . "  Over the years it will become worse and worse , " he says . "  The rich and powerful are choosing to detach themselves from the traditional school system . " Jiang sees a China where the wealthy will move education resources to a system of new private schools that cater only to them . And that is the dark future China must avoid . "  If you do n't change the school system now , you 'll get people buying themselves out of it , " says Schleicher . "  That 's basically the challenge that China has . "	15 year olds in Shanghai rank number one in the world in reading , math and science But critics argue exam results are not representative of the city 's total student population Debate about the quality of education available in China 's poorer , rural interior China released a 10-year national education reform plan in 2010 to tackle the problem
CNN  -- Russia Today , RT for short , is funded by its namesake government , even promoted as a top media source on the foreign ministry 's website . Its own site contains story after story defending and explaining Moscow 's take on world crises -- chief among them now , what 's unfolding in Ukraine . The Columbia Journalism Review notes it is best "  known as an extension of former President Vladimir Putin 's confrontational foreign policy . " In other words , it 's about the last place you 'd expect to hear these words : "  What Russia did is wrong . " Yet that is exactly what one of RT 's anchors , Abby Martin , said Monday night at the end of her "  Breaking the Set " program . Moscow was not her lone target -- she also expressed disappointment over coverage and "  disinformation " emanating "  from all sides of the media spectrum " -- but it was clearly the most noticeable . Apparently , her bosses took notice . The Telegraph reported -- and Martin herself acknowledged -- that the network told her to go to Crimea , the peninsula on the Black Sea where Russian troops reportedly played a part in besieging Ukrainian military bases in the days after that country 's Russian-leaning president was ousted . "  But I am not going to Crimea despite the statement RT has made , " Martin tweeted . Martin is still working for the network , even taking the air again Tuesday night . As RT noted in a statement , Martin called it "  kind of a sad commentary that " -- while she 's regularly spoken out against military intervention -- "  my only criticism of Russia 's actions was picked up " by the media . The network said that Martin "  has not been reprimanded " for voicing her opinion , something it said that all "  RT journalists and hosts are free to express . " The whole saga has offered an interesting glimpse into the volatile situation in Ukraine , Russian state media and RT , in particular . The Ukrainian crisis has been brewing since last November , when protesters were angry about then-President Viktor Yanukovych 's move away from a European Union trade pact and toward an apparently closer relationship with Moscow . Other issues -- including how much control a president should have and his government 's treatment of dissenters -- also came into play . Finally , after a few days of violent confrontations between demonstrators and security forces , Yanukovych fled to Russia , and a new pro-Western government took over . That 's when Russia reportedly stepped in . Yuriy Sergeyev , Ukraine 's U.N. ambassador , claimed Russia used planes , boats and helicopters to flood the peninsula with 16,000 troops . And Ukrainian officials say disguised Russian troops have laid siege to military installations around the Crimean peninsula . Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday denied sending any more of his country 's troops into the country , or that any of the up to 25,000 troops who are stationed there have played any part in the standoff , according to the state-run RIA Novosti news agency . Many do n't believe him , including various Western officials and NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen . And , apparently , Martin -- who touts her art on her website and has surmised the U.S. government was complicit in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks -- is among them . In her end-of-show commentary , Martin said she wanted "  to say something from my heart about the ongoing political crisis in Ukraine and Russia 's military occupation of Crimea . " "  I ca n't stress enough how strongly I am against any state intervention in a sovereign nation 's affairs . What Russia did is wrong . "  I admittedly do n't know as much as I should about Ukraine 's history or the cultural dynamics of the region , " she added . "  But what I do know is that military intervention is never the answer . And I will not sit here and apologize  for  and defend military aggression . " Martin -- a native Californian and San Diego State University graduate , according to the citizen journalism initiative Media Roots she founded -- prefaced her remarks by saying that , "  just because I work here for RT does n't mean I do n't have editorial independence . " That claim may have been belied by the network reportedly ordering Martin to go to Crimea to "  better her knowledge , " according to the Telegraph report . RT did retweet multiple messages about Martin 's rant from Glenn Greenwald -- the former Guardian reporter known most recently for his work revealing the U.S. National Security Agency 's spy policies through former government contractor Edward Snowden , who has since been granted asylum in Russia . Among them : "  Who was the @AbbyMartin of @RT in the US television media for Iraq ? Do we have one for today 's wars ? " And video of her statement was still up on RT 's website -- alongside stories about the swelling "  self-defense forces " in Crimea and Putin saying Russia reserves the "  right " to use military force -- well after she gave it . That includes her last words : "  Above all , my heart goes out to the Ukrainian people who are now wedged as pawns in the middle of a global power chess game . They are the real losers here . "  All we can do know is hope for a peaceful outcome to a terrible situation and prevent another full-blown Cold War between multiple superpowers . Until then , I 'll keep telling the truth as I see it . "	NEW : RT did n't reprimand Martin ; she says it 's "  sad " media only reported on this critique Washington-based Abby Martin is an anchor of a Russia Today program , "  Breaking the Set " Russia Today , or RT , is funded by and oft seen as in lockstep with Russia 's government Martin slams "  Russia 's military occupation of Crimea , " refuses to defend "  military aggression "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Justice Department on Thursday announced 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation that it says produced nearly 1,200 arrests and seizures totaling 11.7 tons of illegal drugs . Authorities look through seized property after a drug raid at a house near Atlanta , Georgia , on Wednesday . Attorney General Eric Holder announced the wrap-up of Project Coronado , which resulted in arrests in 15 states in the past two days . Holder said the operation targeted the distribution network of a major Mexican drug trafficking organization known as La Familia . About 3,000 federal agents participated in the investigation and raids , officials said . "  This unprecedented , coordinated U.S. law enforcement action -- the largest ever undertaken against a Mexican drug cartel -- has dealt a significant blow to La Familia 's supply chain of illegal drugs , weapons and cash flowing between Mexico and the United States , " Holder said in a news conference . Watch Holder announce the arrests " Michele Leonhart , acting chief of the Drug Enforcement Administration , said the cartel was known for specializing in the trafficking of methamphetamine and for its brutal violence , including beheadings . Authorities said the arrests made Wednesday and Thursday occurred in California , Colorado , Georgia , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , Nevada , New York , North Carolina , Oklahoma , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas and Washington . Dozens of arrests occurred in the Dallas , Texas , area where agents with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives filed charges against cartel members believed to have illegally purchased and shipped high-powered firearms to the cartel , which was based in the Mexican state of Michoacan . U.S. officials vowed to indict cartel leaders and extradite them to the United States . One leader , Servando Gomez-Martinez , was indicted in New York on Thursday . He remains at large , and is presumed to be in Mexico . A senior law enforcement official involved in the operation , who asked not to be identified , said he was certain the latest crackdown on La Familia would affect the methamphetamine market in the United States for months . "  It 'll make a difference not only because of how hard we hit 'em , but where we hit 'em , " the official said . Another official said during the course of the investigation that labs run by La Familia had been discovered in Atlanta , Georgia , and San Jose , California . To date , Project Coronado has led to 1,186 arrests in 44 months . During that time , agents seized $ 32.8 million in U.S. currency , and about 1,225 kilograms  2,700 pounds  of methamphetamine , 2,000 kilograms  4,409 pounds  of cocaine , 13 kilograms  29 pounds  of heroin and more than 8 tons  7,200 kilograms  of marijuana .	In past two days , Project Coronado resulted in arrests in 15 states Officials : 4-year operation produced nearly 1,200 arrests , 11.7 tons of drugs seized AG says operation targeted La Familia , a top Mexican drug trafficking group Law enforcement official : Crackdown will affect methamphetamine market in U.S.
He 's one of the fieriest political activists in Hong Kong -- he 's been called an "  extremist " by China 's state-run media -- and he 's not even old enough to drive . Meet 17-year-old Joshua Wong , a skinny , bespectacled teen whose meager physical frame belies the ferocity of his politics . Over the last two years , the student has built a pro-democracy youth movement in Hong Kong that one veteran Chinese dissident says is just as significant as the student protests at Tiananmen , 25 years ago . Echoing the young campaigners who flooded Beijing 's central square in 1989 , the teen activist wants to ignite a wave of civil disobedience among Hong Kong 's students . His goal ? To pressure China into giving Hong Kong full universal suffrage . Wong 's movement builds on years of pent-up frustration in Hong Kong . When the former colony of the United Kingdom was returned to Chinese rule in 1997 , the two countries struck an agreement promising Hong Kong a "  high degree of autonomy , " including the democratic election of its own leader . But 17 years later , little resembling genuine democracy has materialized . China 's latest proposal suggests Hong Kongers may vote for their next leader , but only if the candidates are approved by Beijing . Wong is bent on fighting the proposal -- and impatient to win . "  I do n't think our battle is going to be very long , " he tells CNN . "  If you have the mentality that striving for democracy is a long , drawn-out war and you take it slowly , you will never achieve it . "  You have to see every battle as possibly the final battle -- only then will you have the determination to fight . " Youth awakening Doubt him if you like , but the young activist already has a successful track record of opposition . In 2011 , Wong , then 15 , became disgusted with a proposal to introduce patriotic , pro-Communist "  National and Moral Education " into Hong Kong 's public schools . With the help of a few friends , Wong started a student protest group called Scholarism . The movement swelled beyond his wildest dreams : In September 2012 , Scholarism successfully rallied 120,000 protesters -- including 13 young hunger strikers -- to occupy the Hong Kong government headquarters , forcing the city 's beleaguered leaders to withdraw the proposed curriculum . That was when Wong realized that Hong Kong 's youth held significant power . "  Five years ago , it was inconceivable that Hong Kong students would care about politics at all , " he says . "  But there was an awakening when the national education issue happened . We all started to care about politics . " Asked what he considers to be the biggest threats to the city , he rattles them off : From declining press freedom as news outlets change their reporting to reflect a pro-Beijing slant , to "  nepotism " as Beijing-friendly politicians win top posts , the 17-year-old student says Hong Kong is quickly becoming "  no different than any other Chinese city under central administration . " That 's why Wong has set his eyes on achieving universal suffrage . His group , which now has around 300 student members , has become one of the city 's most vocal voices for democracy . And the kids are being taken seriously . In June , Scholarism drafted a plan to reform Hong Kong 's election system , which won the support of nearly one-third of voters in an unofficial citywide referendum . In July , the group staged a mass sit-in which drew a warning from China 's vice president not to disrupt the "  stability " of the city . In the end , 511 people were briefly arrested . This week , the group is mobilizing students to walk out of classes -- a significant move in a city that reveres education -- to send a pro-democracy message to Beijing . The student strike has received widespread support . College administrators and faculty have pledged leniency on students who skip classes , and Hong Kong 's largest teacher union has circulated a petition declaring "  Do n't let striking students stand alone . " China 's reaction has been the opposite : Scholarism has been named a group of "  extremists " in the mainland 's state-run media . Wong also says he is mentioned by name in China 's Blue Paper on National Security , which identifies internal threats to the stability of Communist Party rule . But the teenage activist wo n't back down . "  People should not be afraid of their government , " he says , quoting the movie "  V for Vendetta , " "  The government should be afraid of their people . " Hong Kong a "  seed of fire " for China Compared to activists in Hong Kong , activists in mainland China face a situation far more grim . Few understand this better than veteran human rights activist Hu Jia , 41 . A teenage participant in the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests , he remembers witnessing the carnage in the aftermath of Chinese government 's crackdown . "  At the age of 15 , it made me understand my responsibility and my mission in life , " he tells CNN in a phone call from Beijing . "  The crackdown made a clear cut between myself and the system . " Tiananmen protester : I was willing to die Inspired to fight for change , in 2000 he worked to expose "  AIDS villages " in central China , where unregulated blood trades were infecting entire rural towns with HIV . But he paid a price : authorities jailed him for three and a half years for "  inciting subversion of state authority , " then placed him under frequent house arrest , where he remains today . "  Fear has been deeply rooted in our genes through the past 65 years , " he says . "  The majority of China 's 1.3 billion people are not true citizens -- most of the people are simply submissive . " That 's why Hu thinks Hong Kong , with its relative freedom , is a perfect place for activists to spark a democracy movement that could sweep all of mainland China . "  You can form political parties in Hong Kong . You can publish books that are forbidden in mainland China . The media can criticize the central government and the chief executive of Hong Kong . "  Mainland China is a tinderbox that 's been physically suppressed by the authorities , and Hong Kong is a seed of fire . "  The Communist Party is very scared of this tiny bit of land , because if true universal suffrage can blossom in Hong Kong , it is very likely true universal suffrage will end up happening in the mainland . " It 's a dream that Wong acknowledges . "  I ca n't say we students striving for democracy now will directly lead to universal suffrage in China , " he says . "  But at least , universal suffrage in Hong Kong could be a pilot for the people in Guangzhou , Shanghai , Beijing , and even the whole of China -- it would let them know that a Chinese society under the rule of a Communist Party can still have a fair system . " Because of the high stakes involved with challenging China , Hu says Hong Kong 's activists should prepare for the worst . "  Maybe the Chinese government will one day send troops onto the streets , or even tanks , " Hu says , though adding the possibility of the military actually opening fire would be "  very small . " More likely , says the elder activist , the Party might go after individuals like Wong himself . "  Joshua Wong could be arrested , or jailed , " Hu tells CNN . "  I hope he understands this will be a battle of resilience . It is not a fight , nor a skirmish , it is a true war , in terms of the length of time it involves , its complexity , and the potential sacrifice it might involve . " READ MORE : Why Beijing is courting trouble in Hong Kong How CNN covered June 4 in Tiananmen Square	17-year-old Joshua Wong aims to incite youth civil disobedience in Hong Kong His goal is to pressure China into giving Hong Kong full universal suffrage Hu Jia , a Chinese dissident , says Wong could be arrested or jailed "  The Communist Party is very scared " of Hong Kong , says Hu
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A three-day mourning period began Friday in a southwestern Pakistani province where a series of bomb blasts killed nearly 100 people the previous day in the bustling city of Quetta . The deadliest explosions were two suicide bombings in a predominantly Shiite neighborhood known as Alamdar Road . One blast brought police , rescue workers and journalists rushing to the scene . It was swiftly followed by another explosion -- set off by a man sitting in a car with over 100 kilograms of explosives -- that caught many of those responding to the initial attack . The double bombing , described by police as one of the worst attacks on the Shiite minority , killed 85 people and wounded about 150 . Lashkar-e-Jhangvi , a banned Sunni militant group , claimed responsibility for the Alamdar Road attacks . Shiites , a minority sect in the mainly Sunni Muslim Pakistan , face persecution from extremists . Last month , more than 20 Shiite pilgrims were killed when a car bomb detonated near the buses they were traveling in . Mir Zubair Mehmood , a Quetta police official , said the Alamdar attacks were motivated by Sunni and Shiite sectarian differences . Read more : What 's working in Pakistan Another blast in Quetta on Thursday struck a security checkpoint in a busy market , authorities said . A bomb planted in a car detonated as security forces entered the area , killing 12 people and wounding 45 , according to Wazir Khan Nasir , a police spokesman . Nasir blamed the attack on Baloch insurgents . A fourth bomb went off by the side of the road leading to the city 's airport , wounding three . Quetta is the capital of Balochistan province . Watch : Pakistan : Give us the drone technology Balochistan Chief Minister Nawab Raisani announced the mourning period for the province late Thursday in the aftermath of the bombings . Over the next three days , commercial activity in Quetta , one of Pakistan 's largest cities , will be suspended . Balochistan is regularly plagued by violence from myriad causes . As well as the sectarian attacks on Shiites , the unrest in the province is believed to be fomented by several insurgent groups , including the separatist Balochistan Liberation Army and the Pakistani Taliban . Although Balochistan is the largest province in Pakistan geographically , analysts and some locals have criticized the federal government for neglecting it , leading to instability . More on Pakistan : India and Pakistan trade accusations over Kashmir violence Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf condemned the blasts in Quetta . "  The prime minister , while expressing his heartfelt condolences and sympathies with the bereaved families , reiterated the government 's resolve to stamp out the menace of militancy and terrorism from the country in its all shapes and manifestations , " said a statement released by his office . Read more : Malala , others on front lines in fight for women Elsewhere on Thursday , a bomb went off in a preaching center on the outskirts of the city of Mingora in the Swat Valley , police said . The blast killed 21 people and wounded 70 , according to Dr. Jamil Khan , a doctor at Mingora hospital . So far , no group has taken responsibility for the attack . Mingora is in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan 's northwest . The U.S. ambassador to Pakistan , Richard Olson , expressed condolences to the families of those killed in the attacks . "  The United States stands with the people of Pakistan in strongly condemning these senseless and inhumane acts , " he said in a statement released Friday . CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta and journalist Nasir Habib in Islamabad contributed to this report .	NEW : Baloch insurgents are blamed for one attack ; Sunni militants , for a double-bombing Police say the death toll from the bomb blasts in Quetta has risen to 97 A separate attack in the Swat Valley kills 21 people A three-day mourning period begins in the restive province of Balochistan
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The hot-button issue of illegal immigration erupted in the California race for governor Wednesday as a Mexican housekeeper once employed by GOP nominee Meg Whitman alleged that she had been "  exploited , disrespected , humiliated and emotionally and financially abused " by the former eBay CEO . Nicky Diaz Santillan , who worked for Whitman for nine years , was fired in June 2009 "  for what appeared to be political reasons involving Ms. Whitman 's decision to run for governor , " famed attorney Gloria Allred claimed in a news conference . The Whitman campaign immediately shot back , providing immigration and IRS forms it said Santillan signed stating she was a legal resident of the United States when she first applied for employment as a housekeeper in 2000 . The campaign included a copy of a Social Security card and California driver 's license it said Santillan had given Whitman . Whitman , in an interview Wednesday afternoon , said she relied on the employment agency that provided Santillan to verify she was a legal resident . "  As soon as we found that she was an illegal immigrant , we did what we had to do as an employer , which was to let her go , " Whitman said . "  But all of the documentation that we had said that she was legal . " Allred alleged that Whitman should have known Santillan was an undocumented worker , because several letters , dating back to 2002 , were sent to her about the maid 's "  mismatched " Social Security number . A copy of that letter will be released to the news media Thursday , Allred said . "  Nicky also alleges that for several more years , Ms. Whitman continued to receive the letters from the Social Security Administration Office regarding the mismatch in the Social Security numbers , " Allred said . "  She also alleges that she saw these letters after they were thrown into the trash . " Allred claimed that back in August 2000 , Santillan "  was sent by an employment agency to interview with Meg Whitman for a job as a housekeeper . ... Nicky alleges that Ms. Whitman never asked if -LSB- she -RSB- was here legally , " Allred said . "  The inconvenient truth of the hypocrisy of Meg Whitman as illustrated by her employment of an undocumented worker and her exploitation of her was going to be revealed , because Nicky wanted to be legalized , " Allred said . "  Nicky was terminated in a sudden , cruel and heartless way , " she added . Allred said Santillan intends to file a claim for unfairly denied wages . "  When I met with Meg Whitman on June 20 , 2009 , I asked her for assistance , " Santillan said . "  I explained to her why I came to the United States . I explained that I was married and our economic situation in Mexico was very bad . We had no job , no food , no place to live and for that reason we made the decision to come here . " "  Ms. Whitman just laughed , " Santillan said . Whitman , Santillan claimed , also blamed herself for failing to previously ask for any documentation . Whitman , according to Santillan , indicated four days later that she could n't help the former housekeeper . "  She said , ' I can not help you and do not say anything to my children . I will tell them you already have a new job and that you want to go to school and from now on , you do n't know me and I do not know you . You have never seen me and I have never seen you . Do you understand me ? ' " Allred also outlined what she said were abusive labor practices by Whitman , including not reimbursing the maid for mileage when she ran errands and not allowing her maternity leave . "  When Nicky indicated to Ms. Whitman in March 2005 , that she needed to take a medical leave of absence for pregnancy , she alleges that she was told that unless she herself obtained someone to replace her , that her job might not be there for her when she returned . " Whitman has previously beat back allegations she was involved in a 2007 shoving altercation with an employee at eBay 's California headquarters after the Silicon Valley chief felt unprepared for an upcoming media interview . The incident reportedly led to a $ 200,000 settlement . Responding to the press conference , Whitman campaign laywer Tom Hiltchak told reporters that , when hired in 2000 , Santillan gave Whitman false documentation , including IRS forms , a Social Security card , a California drivers license , and Department of Justice immigration forms in which the stated she was a lawful alien . When Santillan told Whitman in 2009 that the documents were false and she was illegal , Whitman "  immediately suspended and then terminated " Santillan 's employment , according to the campaign . Rob Stutzman , a senior advisor to the campaign , told reporters that Whitman "  is very sad and has deep sorrow " over the incident . "  She was , in many ways , a member of our extended family and I feel badly for her , " Whitman said . "  She 's being manipulated . " Whitman spokeswoman Andrea Jones Rivera ripped Allred , claiming the high-profile attorney is merely attempting to smear the California Republican . "  With the polls tied , it comes as no surprise that the morning after a successful debate for Meg that the sleaze machine of the political left is now focused on the politics of personal destruction . Gloria Allred is a shameful manipulator and the timing of today 's news conference so close to the election should serve as a warning to Californians that they are witnessing dirty political smears at their worst , " Rivera said in a statement . Stutzman said it was "  curious " that Santillan would bring forward allegations against Whitman a mere 35 days before the election . It 's even "  more curious , " he said , that the news conference featuring the former housekeeper was being orchestrated by Allred , who has a "  clear relationship " with Democratic gubernatorial nominee Jerry Brown . A CNN check of Allred 's political contributions showed she has donated extensively to Democratic candidates . The allegations are part of a "  post-debate smoke bomb " to try and obscure Brown 's "  bizarre behavior " after Tuesday night 's debate against Whitman , Stutzman claimed . It is part of the politics of "  personal destruction , " he said . With a sardonic laugh , Stutzman asked reporters , "  What 's a California governors race without Gloria Allred inserting herself into it ? " Whitman is currently neck and neck with Brown in the polls . The issue of immigration looms large in California , as in other states along the Mexican border . Whitman has come out against Arizona 's controversial new anti-illegal immigration law , as well as California 's controversial Proposition 187 . However , she supports tough crackdowns on employers who hire illegal immigrants , requiring employers "  pay a fine and have their business license suspended for 10 days " for first-time offenses , with steeper fines and penalties for repeat offenders .	NEW : Whitman says she relied on an employment agency to verify housekeeper 's status A letter warning Whitman of a SSN "  mismatch " will be released , lawyer says Whitman campaign releases documents it says show ex-housekeeper lied about status The Mexican ex-housekeeper claims emotional and financial abuse by GOP candidate
Turkey made a significant policy shift Monday when it announced it would allow Kurdish Peshmerga fighters from northern Iraq to travel through the Turkish territory to reinforce the besieged Kurdish town of Kobani in northern Syria . The announcement was all the more striking , because earlier this month Turkey 's President equated the Kurdish militants defending Kobani to the ISIS fighters who were laying siege to the town . Both the Kurdish and ISIS militants are , in the words of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , "  terrorists . " "  Turkey feels like it has fallen into the subway tracks and is surrounded by live rails , " said Hugh Pope , senior Turkey analyst with the International Crisis Group , a conflict mediation organization . "  It is very difficult for Turkey to make any choice . " Turkey to let Iraqi Kurds use its territory to reinforce Kobani Turkey 's historically troubled relations with its own ethnic Kurdish population is one reason Ankara balked at joining the U.S.-led coalition bombing the militants who call themselves the Islamic State . Fighting triggers violence within Turkey But Turkey 's noninterference policy came at a cost . The scenes of Kurdish and ISIS fighters locked in a death struggle on the border , as well as the images of more than 100,000 desperate Syrian Kurds fleeing to Turkish territory , triggered spasms of deadly violence between rival factions within Turkey . Kurdish politicians in Turkey accused the Turkish government of siding with ISIS by refusing to arm Kobani 's defenders . Kurds then took to the streets in protest . More than 30 people were killed in cities around Turkey this month as ethnic Kurds clashed with Islamist and nationalist groups as well as Turkish police . Violent protests over ISIS sweep Turkey "  All of these constituencies are getting fired up by the scenes on television that they 're seeing in the Middle East , " said Pope of the International Crisis Group . "  This has led for the first time in 20 years to gangs taking to the streets and killing each other . " Disruption on peaceful campus On Friday , the battle for Kobani was felt at one of Turkey 's most elite institutions , Bogazici University . On a leafy campus overlooking Istanbul 's Bosphorus Strait , friends , relatives and fellow academics gathered to remember a 30-year old sociologist named Suphi Nejat Agirnasli . Agirnasli , a member of Turkey 's Marxist-Leninist Communist Party , was reported killed this month in Kobani after he volunteered to join Kurdish militants defending the city . Mourners waved red communist flags and chanted "  ISIS killers " as they marched carrying Agirnasli 's portrait through the usually peaceful campus . Agirnasli 's death shocked some Turks , who have felt Turkey 's largest city was somehow insulated from the turmoil in the Middle East . "  I never thought that someone from our university would actually go there and get killed , " said Suveyda Cil , 19 , a Bogazici student . "  I never thought I was so close to these situations because it 's so far from Istanbul , but now it 's so close . " One of Agirnasli 's professors said he understood why his former student volunteered to fight alongside the Kurds , even though Agirnasli was n't a Kurd . "  What 's going on in Kobani today is basically kind of a struggle against barbarians ... against people who have no sense of humanity , " said Zafer Yenal , the head of Bogazici 's sociology department . "  Probably  Suphi  Nejat was very shocked . He basically saw this and wanted to be there in some capacity . " Battle for Kobani threatens peace talks An estimated 20 % of Turkey 's population is made up of ethnic Kurds . Historically , the Turkish government has persecuted and marginalized this community , referring to them for years as "  mountain Turks . " In 1984 , a group of Marxist-inspired guerrillas calling themselves the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , began fighting an insurgent war against the Turkish state . The conflict would ebb and flow for the next 30 years . The PKK initially fought to carve an independent Kurdistan out of Kurdish-populated regions of Turkey , Iraq , Syria and Iran . But the bulk of the bloodshed took place in southeastern Turkey , resulting in the deaths of more than 30,000 people over three decades . The PKK was accused of assassinating teachers , police officers and rival Kurdish activists . Meanwhile , the Turkish security forces demolished hundreds of Kurdish villages in an attempt to destroy support for the separatists . The United States and European Union joined their NATO ally Turkey in labeling the PKK a terrorist organization . Since coming to power in Turkey some 12 years ago , Erdogan pushed to open peace talks with the PKK . Meanwhile , the PKK has dropped its demands for an independent state , instead calling for greater autonomy and cultural and linguistic rights within Turkey . "  This peace process is one of the only good things happening in the Middle East today , " Pope said . But the Kobani-related violence inside Turkey has threatened to derail the peace process . ISIS finds some support within Turkey Complicating matters further is that ISIS has found some support within Turkey 's majority Muslim society . Hundreds of Turks are believed to have joined the movement . Some appeared in propaganda videos urging their countrymen to join ISIS ' ranks . "  We have come here to Syria for jihad to practice God 's religion , to practice jihad on God 's path , and to gain God 's sustenance to , God willing , go to his heaven , " one bearded man holding a machine gun told the camera in Turkish . Another unnamed Turkish militant explained in a video why he left his three children behind in Istanbul to join ISIS in Syria . "  When the children are dying here , my conscience did not let me stay and love my children . If you come here , there is dignity , honor , everything is here , " the man said . "  Instead of staying in Turkey and living in contempt , standing guard here for one night would be better for you . " ISIS supporters have emerged on at least one Istanbul university campus . On September 26 , students filmed more than 10 men wearing masks and carrying clubs yelling , "  Allahu Akbar "  "  God is great "  , in the literature department at Istanbul University . The video then showed these Islamist students attacking leftist students who had been protesting against ISIS . The International Crisis Group 's Pope said that when it comes to ISIS "  there 's a conflicted feeling in Turkey . There 's a condemnation of the methods . At the same time there 's a sympathy for the cause . " One Turk strongly sympathizing with ISIS is Ali Osman Zor , a self-described "  Islamic revolutionary " and enthusiastic member of the Great Eastern Islamic Raiders ' Front . Zor , who spent several years in prison on terrorism convictions , now edits a magazine published in Istanbul that endorses ISIS . In an interview with CNN , Zor said he supported ISIS ' violent methods , arguing they were a natural response to what he claimed were decades of Western imperialism in the Middle East as well as Kurdish and Shiite Muslim persecution of Sunni Muslims in Iraq . "  We saw one man killed , " Zor said , referring to the multiple beheadings and executions ISIS militants filmed on camera and distributed over social media . "  What about all the people killed by U.S. airstrikes ? We have n't forgotten about Abu Ghraib , " he added , referring to the notorious prison where Americans soldiers were photographed abusing Iraqi prisoners during the U.S. occupation of Iraq . Pope advises against Turkey being drawn further into the Syrian civil war . "  Turkey has all the fractures you have in the Middle East : the sectarian Sunni-non-Sunni divide , the ethnic divide between Kurds and Turks , the political divide between Islamists and non-Islamists , " he warned . "  All these fault lines can break open in a very bad way . " On Monday , a top adviser to the Turkish President defended Ankara 's decision not to attack ISIS . In an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal , deputy secretary-general of the presidency , Ibrahim Kalin , argued instead that the U.S.-led coalition should focus on overthrowing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . "  ISIS 's barbaric beheadings and summary executions , horrible and disgusting as they are , should not shadow the war crimes and crimes against humanity perpetrated by Mr. Assad , " Kalin wrote . "  Hitting ISIS while ignoring the Assad regime alone is a shortsighted strategy that will not end the bloodshed in Syria and Iraq . "	Turkey has balked at joining the U.S.-led coalition bombing of ISIS Battle on the Syrian border has become a divisive issue in Turkey In shift , Turkey announces it will let Iraqi Kurdish fighters enter its territory to fight in Kobani , Syria Kurdish-ISIS fighting has triggered violence between factions in Turkey
CNN  In the heart of Mumbai 's historic quarter , a luxury emporium stocked with the finest India-inspired fashion and furnishings is putting the country on the global design map . The Bungalow Eight concept store has built a cult following since its inception in 2003 , with its finely made kaftans and home décor attracting fans such as Madonna , Hilary Swank and Maggie Gyllenhaal , as well as Bollywood royalty . Behind this success stands Maithili Ahluwalia , a former strategy consultant-turned-fashion-entrepreneur , who after a stint in a New York firm decided to return to her native Mumbai and follow her passion for design . "  I was working in the corporate world for three years trying to impress my father ... but I soon realized that it was n't my calling , " says Ahluwalia . With support from her family , she set up shop in the back of her parents ' bungalow -- a fact that inspired the name of her business . Mixing global and local Ahluwalia , who was raised in Mumbai but went to school in Singapore and university in the U.S. , wanted to blend her international sensibility with the best of India 's design . "  I encourage my customers when they buy a piece from Bungalow Eight to actually buy a certain way of looking at the world , " she explains . "  A way that encourages you to stick your neck out to be different , and to wear a piece of India proudly , " she adds . Last year , the 37-year-old entrepreneur was included in the Business of Fashion 500 , a list people who are shaping the global fashion industry . She quotes her mother , a jewelery designer , as a major influence on her style and life . "  She taught me that fashion is n't just the clothes you wear , it 's about a world view , the kinds of books you read , the kind of food you want to eat , and about choosing a certain way of living , " she says . Ahluwalia does n't regret the years she spent fine tuning commercial sense , and says they served her well when she set up her own enterprise : "  I think it gave me critical business tools , and even though I do n't think that I realized the value of them back then , I think today I really appreciate it . "	Maithili Ahluwalia is the founder of Bungalow Eight , a Mumbai fashion and design concept store She had previously worked as a strategy consultant in New York Her store counts stars like Madonna and Hilary Swank as customers
CNN  -- Justin Ross Harris was indicted last week on eight counts in the hot-car death of his 22-month-old son , Cooper . Harris could face the death penalty if prosecutors decide to seek it and he 's convicted of the most serious charge . However , the felony murder charge predicated on second-degree child neglect -- which was the original charge at the probable cause hearing months ago -- still poses the biggest threat to Harris ' freedom . That , and , of course , the sexting charges , which will likely be the easiest to prove . But make no mistake : That felony murder charge will be how the prosecution can convict Harris of his son 's murder , even if the killing was unintentional , and , in Georgia , if the underlying felony was unintentional . Each of the eight counts plays a key strategic role in maximizing the state 's chances of a conviction against Harris . Following is a breakdown of these carefully calculated charges . The brilliance of the strategy is in the details . Murder in Georgia : Most states divide murder into degrees . Georgia does not . In Georgia , there 's only one degree of murder , but with very different kinds of killings qualifying as murder . In this case , two types of murder are alleged : 1  an intentional killing called "  malice " murder , and 2  "  felony murder , " an enigmatic unintentional killing , that is still classified as murder because it is the result of an enumerated felony . Even more complicated , in this case , two different subcategories of felony murder are alleged using child neglect crimes as the predicate felony . Any of these convictions carries a minimum life sentence , but only malice murder is eligible for the death penalty . Count 1 -- malice murder : This is the murder with which we are all familiar . It 's the kind committed in the Rue Morgue , or by Professor Plum with the candlestick in the billiard room ; or any of the "  Murders She Wrote . " Film , literature and even our board games reflect our cultural assumptions about murder -- that it 's an evil crime reserved for the most wicked intent . In Georgia , that 's called malice murder , which is defined as a killing with "  malice aforethought , " or intent to kill . There are two kinds of malice : express and implied . Express malice is that deliberate , manifested intention to end another 's life . The reality is , however , that direct evidence of deliberate intent is a rarity . Defendants do n't always volunteer : "  I shot the sheriff . " It 's quite the opposite . Nearly all defendants steadfastly maintain their innocence ; they 're more likely to deny shooting the deputy . That 's why the law allows for malice to also be implied from the circumstances , as long as the defendant 's behavior demonstrates an "  abandoned and malignant heart . " Whether express or implied , to convict here the prosecution has a heavy burden to prove this mental element . That 's why felony murder is a much more appealing and devastating weapon in the charging arsenal . Counts 2 and 3 -- felony murder  which are predicated on counts 4 and 5 , respectively  : Felony murder is more of a legal fiction than it is traditional "  murder . " It is an unintentional killing , but one that happens during the commission of another crime . The rationale is that if you commit an inherently dangerous felony , you accept the high possibility that a person will die during the act . An example would be that if you were robbing a bank and one of your co-conspirators went crazy and shot a teller and a cop ? Well , you 'd be charged with felony murder , even though you did n't pull the trigger . You committed a felony , and a death resulted . So , to prove felony murder , the prosecution need not prove intent to kill . It only need prove : 1  commission of the underlying felony and 2  a resulting death . Count 2 is felony murder based upon count 4 : intentional child neglect . So , if the defendant acted intending to cause his child cruel and excessive physical pain , and death resulted , he has committed felony "  murder " under count 2 . Still the most problematic for this defendant , however , is count 3 , which is the original charge from the preliminary/probable cause hearing . This is felony murder predicated on another felony , count 5 , second degree child cruelty . But , instead of having to prove the defendant intentionally caused excessive physical pain  first degree  , the prosecution here need only prove that he caused pain with criminal negligence  second degree  , even if it was unintentional . The traditional felonies eligible for felony murder were intentional crimes : burglary , arson , rape , robbery and kidnapping . To allow felony murder for an accident seems inconsistent , but Georgia courts hold that this crime of criminal negligence can be the predicate crime for felony murder . That 's right : In Georgia , you can be convicted of murder -- society 's most heinous crime -- for your unintentional negligence . Count 6 -- criminal attempt : As a society , we punish not only completed crimes but also attempts to commit crimes . It makes sense : suppose a bank robber trips and breaks his leg on his way into the bank with his Glock and his President Nixon mask . He is then arrested without even entering the bank to rob it . We all agree that he can not escape punishment simply because he 's unsuccessful at robbing banks . At the same time , if the would-be robber simply fills up his gas on the way to buy a Glock and a Nixon mask , so he can rob a bank in the future , has he "  attempted " a robbery yet ? Where 's the line ? To the courts , as long as whatever the defendant does is a "  substantial step , " then he 's guilty of attempt . Here , the attempt is connected not to the death of his child but rather to the alleged sexual exploitation of another minor -- the target of the text messaging . Counts 7 and 8 -- dissemination of harmful material to minors : To many , these charges seem like they are tacked on , but they are anything but . In fact , they are devastating to the defendant tactically . Here 's why : Harris is now additionally charged with knowingly disseminating and furnishing to a minor female sexually explicit printed matter and photographs -- or , as the detective testified at the preliminary hearing : sexting . The Cobb County detective testified that while Cooper was in the car , Harris sent a photo of his erect penis to an underage girl and was sexting with several women . At that hearing , the defendant had a strong argument that the sexting was improper character evidence  generally not admissible to prove criminality  , and more , that evidence that Harris was a creep was not admissible on the neglect or murder charges . But watch what happens now that he 's been indicted on these charges : evidence supporting the sexting charges is now relevant . That evidence will at a minimum cause a jury to dislike Harris . At worst , it will be viewed as motive to be rid of his child . Second , of all the charges , these are arguably the easiest to prove , thanks to technology . Did phone 1 send something to phone 2 ? Was that something considered "  harmful material " ? Was a recipient a minor ? Most of those elements can be established with phone records and a birth certificate . As for the "  harmful material , " so far , if the allegations are true , it sounds like it could fit . Ultimately , this is hardly a scatter-shot indictment . Each charge plays a vital role , but the most potentially damaging is still the same charge from the preliminary hearing : the felony murder based upon the second-degree criminal neglect . After all , whether you condemn this defendant or sympathize with him , there is a preliminary consensus that at minimum he did something tragically and massively careless . And under modern law , that is apparently what we call "  murder . "	Justin Harris was charged in eight-count indictment in hot car death case Cevallos : The counts are structured to maximize the chance of a conviction Cevallos : In Georgia , even an unintentional act can be grounds for murder conviction He says sexting charges will be easiest to prove and could influence entire case
CNN  -- My mother rarely talked with me about the birds and the bees when I was growing up , and I always knew that no matter what , when I became a parent , I 'd be more open with my children about sex . With my girls in the second and third grade , I figured in the not too distant future it would be time for the "  sex talk . " But now I 'm wondering if I need to have the conversation a lot sooner than I had originally thought and if the whole concept of having a "  sex talk " is as outdated as the BlackBerry I still wo n't give up . "  In some ways , I think the ` tech talk ' is replacing the ` sex talk ' because our kids are learning about sex from tech , " said Diana Graber , who teaches "  cyber civics " at a middle school in Aliso Viejo , California . Once children know how to Google , Graber says , they can easily stumble upon sexual images . "  Sex " and even "  porn " have also been found to be among the more popular words searched by 7-year-olds , she added , as shocking as that might sound . "  We 're giving children access to smartphones , tablets , and all sorts of digital devices so young , " said Graber , who is co-founder of CyberWise.org , a digital literacy site for parents , educators , and tweens and teens . "  There is a good chance they will be exposed to inappropriate content before they 're probably ready to have that ` sex talk ' that we used to have at 10 and 11 . That 's why I think having the ` tech talk ' first is so important . " Graber says it 's not one talk but "  a million small talks , " which begin the moment we put a connected device into our child 's hands . "  What I always tell parents is it 's not the technical stuff that they need to know . It 's the behavioral things , and it 's age old things like being nice online and being wise and not saying mean things , protecting privacy and do n't talk to strangers and all those ... golden rules , " said Graber . "  Like the golden rules , they were n't delivered to me all at once . They were delivered again and again and again throughout my lifetime . " An unprecedented summit Helping parents have the "  tech talk " with their children was a huge motivation behind a recent summit of parents , teachers , administrators and students in New Rochelle , a community about 30 minutes outside New York City . Christine Coleman , director of technology for the city school district of New Rochelle , said the event was designed to help parents teach children how to make good choices on social media and to really think about what they 're doing before they do it . "  I always say this to parents , ` Would you allow your child on the subway at two in the morning ? ' " said Coleman , who holds a doctorate in computer science and education . "  No . We teach our children to make good choices . So you need to teach them to make good choices with social media . " Coleman says one of the biggest challenges for parents is talking about a topic that they might not feel they know much about . "  I equate it to those conversations about sex , " she said . "  They 're very hard to have . They 're uncomfortable to have , and ... with social media , parents are uncomfortable because they 're not knowledgeable about it but if we use our children to teach us ... and explain it to us , it begins a different type of conversation . " ' I heard about this Twitter ' Coleman encourages parents to plunge right in by picking any social network  there are certainly plenty to choose from !  and starting a discussion with your child . "  Sit down with your child and say , ' I heard about this Twitter . Do n't laugh at me . Show me on your phone . You are not going to get in trouble . I 'm not looking at it . I just do n't understand what all this tweeting is ? ' " she said . "  And then you start the dialogue . ` OK , is that what it does ? ... Does it ever get mean ? ' " she said . "  Then end it with , ` That 's really kind of cool . Can you set me up with a Twitter ? Can you tweet me ? ' Once they start tweeting you , you are involved in their world now . " Graber said what she hears from the sixth graders she teaches is that despite what parents might think , children want them to take an interest in their online lives . "  One little girl said , ' I wish my mom was following me on Instagram , ' or ' I wish my mom had looked at what I posted but she just is n't interested or she does n't know , ' and they 're sad , " said Graber . "  It 's a small window where they feel like that and then it closes , largely when they become teenagers , and then we 're not part of that world . " ` This is n't about not reading their kids ' journal ' Brian Osborne is superintendent of the New Rochelle city school district and was a key force behind his district convening its first ever digital literacy summit . He says research shows that parents will interact with their children 's online lives , but mainly related to the expense of the smartphone , setting limits on data or online purchases . "  Parents are not having enough high quality conversations with their kids about what their online interactions actually entail , " said Osborne . "  Lots of time parents have a well-intended but not fully informed respect for their children 's privacy online and what we need parents to understand is this is n't about not reading their kids ' journal or diary out of a sense of respect and privacy . This is equivalent to knowing where your kid is . " Graber , the digital literacy teacher , says if you are talking to a child because there 's a problem and "  it 's the first conversation you 've had , then that 's the real problem . There should have been a lot of conversations . " Liz Gumbinner , publisher and editor-in-chief of the site Cool Mom Tech , which has been talking about the importance of the ` tech talk ' for years , said that as soon as your kids are old enough to tap on your smartphone screen , the conversations should begin . "  Use parental controls on your devices ; set limits on what they can and ca n't see -- and be really honest and open about it , " said Gumbinner , a mom of two girls , ages 7 and 9 . "  Let them know what you are doing and why . If you start talking to your kids early about tech , they 'll understand you 're making decisions in their best interests . " The "  tech talk " has to be an on-going conversation , in part , because technology itself is always changing , said Gumbinner . "  As soon as we think we 've mastered one thing , something totally new pops up . And the really hard thing is that kids are learning about social apps and networks way before we are , " she added . "  So keep an eye on your kids ' computer time and Internet usage , know who they 're communicating with and be honest about it . It 's not spying if you talk about it openly . " Do you think the "  tech talk " should replace the "  sex talk " ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Children often learn about sex from tech , says co-founder of the digital literacy site CyberWise "  Sex " and "  porn " are popular search terms for 7-year-olds , says CyberWise co-founder Start conversations early , as soon as a child spends time on a connected device , experts say New Rochelle , NY recently held its first ever digital literacy summit for children and parents
