CNN  -- Secretary of State John Kerry made an unannounced visit to Afghanistan on Thursday where he plans to encourage a resolution to the presidential election that the United States insists must include a thorough review of "  reasonable allegations " of fraud . Kerry plans to meet in Kabul with presidential candidates Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani as well as the man one of them will succeed , President Hamid Karzai , to discuss the political transition amid uncertainty over the vote earlier this month . "  While the United States does not support an individual candidate , we do support a credible , transparent and inclusive process that affirms the Afghan people 's commitment to democracy , and that produces a president who can bring Afghanistan together and govern effectively , " the State Department said in a statement detailing Kerry 's surprise visit . About 8 million votes were cast in June 14 balloting and provisional results showed Ghani ahead with roughly 56 % support to 43 % for Abdullah , according to Afghanistan 's Independent Elections Commission . Final results will be announced July 22 . Abdullah alleged massive fraud in an interview with CNN this week , while Ghani has said the results were "  legitimate and credible . " The Obama administration is looking for a credible outcome involving one candidate or the other , and U.N. officials say sorting out the situation could take a couple of weeks . The inauguration is set for the first week of August . The United States is withdrawing most of its troops by year 's end , reducing the primary leverage it has had in Afghanistan . But it still supports the country with billions in foreign aid . Although once an ally of Karzai , Abdullah has in recent years become an opponent and vocal critic of the Taliban . Ghani , also a former adviser to Karzai and finance minister , was once a U.S. citizen , but gave up his passport to run for president five years ago . CNN 's Jamie Crawford and Mick Kreve contributed to this report .	Kerry makes unannounced stop in Kabul He will meet with both candidates in election still not finalized The United States wants a thorough examination of legitimate fraud claims
CNN  -- All this excitement over recent Russian public diplomacy on Syria is a bit odd to those of us who have been following that diplomacy strategy for over a decade . That Vladimir Putin chose to write an op-ed in The New York Times this week is not at all shocking . It is part of a broader pattern of Russian outreach that began in 2001 . What confuses people about Russian public diplomacy is that it often veers from a closed fist approach to an open handshake depending on its narrow objective -- all the while testing America as it seeks to build its own popularity around the world . Since the end of the 1990s the Russians have been aware that America and other nations see a weakened former Soviet empire behaving badly in the world , and they have sought to correct that perception beginning with the hiring of an American public relations firm back in 2006 , which generated interest at the time . For years the Russians have worried about how they are portrayed in American media , about Hollywood 's depiction of Russians as mobsters and thugs , for example . Scholars of Russia have written often about Russia 's near-obsession with its place in the world , including a fixation on polls -- like Gallup 's -- about Russia 's popularity with the outside world . Over the years , Russian officials have looked for opportunities in the media to portray Russia as helpful and constructive -- even when it was not . They attempted to use Russian television , and later the Internet , to brandish a better image in the West -- creating a news agency , RIA  The Russian Agency for International Information  which operates 80 news bureaus around the world and Russia Today which boasts a following of 630 million people in over 100 countries . The Russians are also fans of inserting newspaper supplements of Russia Today in American newspapers just to remind readers of their relevance . Let 's face it . Russia remains relevant but its image in the world has suffered throughout the last decade , for good reason . Think of some of the recent events : the conflict Russia had in 2008 with its southern neighbor , Georgia , over the disputed territory of South Ossetia . Then there was the feud with Ukraine in 2009 which resulted in Russia cutting off gas to Ukraine . There was a series of international corruption scandals around a Russian oil firm , Gazprom , including accounting charges involving U.S. financial firms . One can not , of course , forget the Magnitsky case which emanated from the arrest , and subsequent death in custody of a Russian lawyer who became a whistle-blower about human rights . That case led to a feud with the United States , congressional sanctions , and the release of a list in April of Russian individuals not allowed into America . Add to that the Russian imprisonment of a feminist punk rock group -- Pussy Riot -- for daring to protest against the Russian government . Oh , and let 's not forget Russia 's hosting of NSA leaker Edward Snowden . Russia often finds itself in the odd situation of doing negative things and trying to get positive press . It cracks down on dissidents one day but then bids for the Olympics the next . It woos the United States and then bashes it . And then its leader writes an op-ed . Writing op-eds in American newspapers is not new for the Russians . A good example comes from three years ago . In March 2009 , on the eve of a G-20 meeting with President Obama , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post , telegraphing a new U.S.-Russian relationship based on the concept of mutual interests . He cleverly invoked the writing of the French philosopher , Alexis de Tocqueville , author of "  Democracy in America . " In the op-ed the Russian president predicted "  a great future for our two nations , " adding that "  So far , each country has tried to prove the truth of those words to itself and the world by acting on its own . I firmly believe that at this turn of history , we should work together . " What is worth remembering is that the Russians do n't mind twists and "  turns of history " -- and they do n't mind a bit of confusion about whether or not they are good guys or bad . This op-ed in The New York Times has generated both outrage and curiosity -- with some predictable criticism by the anti-Russia crowd on Capitol Hill , who believe America will be duped . For Americans , there is something emotional about Russia . It inevitably evokes fear and fascination in the United States and the West perhaps because of its long and complex history , its culture , and memories of Cold War days when so much time , effort and money was spent defending ourselves against the Soviet Union . Russia 's latest attempt to win hearts and minds is intriguing and is likely to be effective if the result is some kind of interim deal over chemical weapons . A positive step by Syria , at the urging of Moscow , to acknowledge its chemical stockpiles and surrender even a portion of them would be a good development -- and Russia will claim credit for saving the day . If the diplomacy fails , and the U.S. decides to strike Syria , Russia will lay the blame for any damage on America . So either way , the gamble makes sense from Putin 's view . As for the United States , we have no choice but to take Russia up on the offer to press the Syrians to relinquish control over the weapons . Americans like peaceful solutions and we certainly should test the proposition with Russia . But while we are diplomatically dueling with Russia , we must remain mindful of their public diplomacy strategies , watch closely as they maneuver and , in the end , do what is in our own national security interest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tara Sonenshine .	Tara Sonenshine : Putin op-ed not surprising : Russia has long tried to build its popularity Putin attentive to polls on views of Russia , tries to stem persistent negative portrayals , she says She says oddly , Russia keeps doing negative things and trying to get positive press Sonenshine : Op-ed has provoked many ; Russia does n't mind ; Putin enjoys tweaking U.S.
CNN  -- Nico Rosberg overcame accusations of gamesmanship to beat his Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton and win a tense and at times dramatic Monaco Grand Prix . The German driver led from the start with early championship pace setter Hamilton , nursing an eye injury later in the race , having to make do with second place . Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo finished third . But the race , much like the build up , was dominated by tensions between the two Mercedes drivers . With Rosberg and Hamilton -- who were separated by just three championship points going in to the race -- vying for pole position on the final lap of qualifying Saturday , Rosberg left the track after his front wheel locked . The stewards brought out caution flags , preventing Hamilton from completing his final qualifying lap and handing pole to Rosberg . Rosberg claimed it was a simple error and a steward 's inquiry agreed , concluding that there was "  no evidence of any offense . " But Hamilton was less convinced . "  I found the time at the end and was n't able to execute it so it was n't a true showing of my true pace , " the British driver told the BBC after qualifying . "  But I should have known that was going to happen and done it the lap before , " he added . Despite Mercedes non-executive chairman Niki Lauda voicing fears that the two drivers may collide at the first corner , the front row got away without incident and Rosberg built a strong lead on a course renowned for its difficulty in overtaking . A stalemate followed until lap 28 when Sauber 's Adrian Sutil crashed out , causing the safety car to come and provoking a flurry of tactical pit stops . Thereafter Hamilton caught up with Rosberg , and looked set to challenge for the lead , until he suddenly dropped back , complaining to his team that he could n't see out of his left eye . In the end Hamilton was lucky to clinch second after Ricciardo pulled close in the final laps . But Hamilton held on . The result saw Rosberg take the lead in the drivers championship , with Hamilton dropping back to second . But with many making comparisons between the famously bitter team rivalry between Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost , the battle , and the mind games , are likely to continue until the last race of the season .	Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg wins Monaco GP Held off teammate Lewis Hamilton in second place The two had clashed during qualifying Rosberg replaces Hamilton in drivers championship
CNN  -- It 's a sport made up of birdies and eagles , so perhaps it 's no surprise that a large South American flightless bird has found a home away from home at a rural English golf club . The rhea -- similar in appearance to an ostrich -- disappeared from a pen at its owner 's home five weeks ago in the town of Brent Pelham in Hertfordshire . Attempts to track it down are focused on the area surrounding Barkway Park Golf Club near the town of Royston , roughly five miles away . With its top speed approaching 40 miles per hour , catching the four-foot-tall rhea , which has been spotted dashing along the greens and fairways , sounds like a task too far for even sprinter Usain Bolt . But local golfers and staff at Barkway are n't too concerned . Many have welcomed media who have descended on the club and taken to snapping pictures of the rhea when it appears from the miles of fields surrounding the 18-hole course . "  We 've had everybody and his brother down here , " said one senior member who asked not to be named for fear of being bombarded with media requests . "  The greenkeepers have had little videos on  their  phones and they 've sold them . "  Obviously it 's a bird that 's escaped and it 's all over the place . It 's not in one particular place . " Animal welfare charity the RSPCA has been reportedly warning members of the public about approaching the rhea , stating that the birds have extremely sharp claws and the potential to be dangerous if they feel threatened . But not all are convinced of the danger . "  The papers have made it a man-killer , it 's ridiculous what they are saying , " said the Barkway member , referring to alarmist stories that have appeared in print and on television segments . "  It 's not dangerous in any way , shape or form . They  media  have made all that up . If you get within about 20 or 30 yards of it , it just runs away . If you cornered it in some way it might turn on you but that happens with anything . " Dangerous or not , what plans are in place to catch the runaway bird ? "  They ca n't capture it , they do n't even know how , " the Barkway member said . Unless , that is , the birds and the bees play a helping hand . "  It 's a female , as it happens , but the only way you 're going to catch is if you 've got a male , " the golfer said . "  When it comes into the mating season and the male starts doing whatever it does , then you 'll  apparently  be alright . " See also : Hornets attack golfer	A large flightless bird has escaped from the town of Pelham , England Attempts to track it down have led to a golf course five miles away Members have spotted four-foot-tall creature dashing across greens and fairways
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Spain 's best-known judge , Baltasar Garzon , refused to answer questions from a prosecutor as he took the stand Tuesday in his trial on charges of abusing his judicial authority . Garzon sat and listened in silence as lawyer Joaquin Ruiz Infante read out all his questions to put them into the court record . The case centers on Garzon 's investigation of human rights abuses under Gen. Francisco Franco , the dictator who ruled Spain for four decades , until his death in 1975 . A seven-judge panel at Spain 's Supreme Court Tuesday rejected requests from both state prosecutors and Garzon 's defense to throw the case out , clearing the way for private prosecutors to press forward . Spanish law allows for private prosecutions , and it is the lawyers for these parties that are pressing the charges against Garzon . Garzon , however , did answer questions from his defense lawyer , Gonzalo Martinez Fresneda , explaining that his investigation started in December 2006 after people came forward with complaints about those still missing from the Franco era . Garzon testified that he searched but could not find any national census of how many people disappeared or their identities . So he decided to investigate because he considered those to be "  permanent crimes " which still affect their descendants , since the remains have never been found . He said he began to see evidence that there was a "  systematic plan " against Franco 's opponents , which he said included forced disappearances , illegal detentions and assassinations . About 20 supporters applauded the judge in a hallway of the courthouse before the trial began Tuesday , while outside , dozens more demonstrated in his favor , some holding placards with just one word : justice . Judges began hearing the Franco-era case last week , a week after a different seven-judge panel at the same court conducted another trial against Garzon , for allegedly abusing his judicial authority in a high-profile financial corruption case known as Gurtel . That trial lasted three days and a verdict is pending . Garzon , 56 , was suspended from his post in 2010 , pending these trials . If convicted , he would not go to jail but could lose his right permanently to be a judge in Spain . Many observers said the second trial is the more important one against Garzon , who became known internationally in 1998 when he sought the extradition of former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet , who was in a London hospital . Garzon accused him of the murder of Spaniards in Chile and crimes of genocide . Reed Brody of Human Rights Watch was in the courtroom on Tuesday along with other international observers and later said , "  Garzon showed today that his decision to take up the investigations of the crimes of the Franco era was fully supported by international law . " "  But the spectacle of a judge as a criminal defendant , having to justify his investigation into torture , killings and ` disappearances , ' was itself an affront to principles of human rights and judicial independence , " Brody added . The private prosecution is led by a small civil servants union called Manos Limpias , or Clean Hands . It brought charges against Garzon , saying he ignored a 1977 amnesty law approved in Spanish Parliament , two years after Franco 's death . "  Parliament unanimously approved the amnesty law . Judge Baltasar Garzon takes a stance as if they 're crazy . What does he think ? That he 's better than them ? " said Miguel Bernard , leader of Manos Limpias . Bernard denies critics ' charges that his group is a tiny far-right front , but he recently told CNN he was proud to receive an honor just last month from the Francisco Franco Foundation . Just before the trial began on Tuesday , Bernard told CNN outside the courtroom that he had heard the judges would deny the motion to stop the trial and instead proceed . "  A first victory , " Bernard said . Garzon said in May 2010 , at the time of his suspension from his post as investigating magistrate at the National Court , "  I face this calmly , with the tranquility of knowing that I am innocent of these charges . " Franco 's military uprising in 1936 triggered the three-year Spanish Civil War . The war ended when Franco 's forces emerged victorious over Republican and leftist fighters . Franco 's dictatorship continued until his death . Mass graves from the regime are still being unearthed , including one this week in the southern Spanish village of Gerena , said Emilio Silva , from a group called Historical Memory . Silva said the excavations are being done with permission from the landowner , whether public or private , and with permission from local health authorities , who must ensure that the potential discovery of bones or other remains does not pose a current public health risk . Just outside the courtroom before the proceedings began January 24 , Garzon told CNN he was "  okay " as he headed into this second trial . He talked with his lawyers and supporters , smiled broadly and appeared relaxed . Garzon spent 22 years as an investigating magistrate at the National Court , which handles cases of terrorism and other delicate cases . He has investigated the late al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , the Basque terrorist group ETA , and drug traffickers . At times in the past , Garzon has been considered a darling of the Spanish right or the Spanish left , depending on the cases he was investigating . His critics say he is too flamboyant and grandstands in front of the cameras . Since his suspension in 2010 , Garzon has been working as a legal adviser outside of Spain on human rights cases and judicial issues , including in Latin America .	Baltasar Garzon refuses to answer prosecution questions The private prosecution is led by a small civil servants union He faces a private prosecution for investigating crimes under the Franco regime Critics accuse him of ignoring an amnesty law passed by Parliament
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Jyoti is the Hindi word for light . It 's something Pranav Mehta has never had to live without . And he is lucky . Near where he lives in Gujarat , one of the most prosperous states in India , thousands of rural villages lack electricity or struggle with an intermittent supply at best . Massive solar satellites would beam power back to ground-based receivers on Earth . "  We need to empower these villages , and for empowerment , energy is a must , " Mehta said . "  Rural India is suffering a lot because of a lack of energy . " By 2030 , India 's Planning Commission estimates that the country will have to generate at least 700,000 megawatts of additional power to meet the demands of its expanding economy and growing population . Much of that electricity will come from coal-fired power plants , like the $ 4 billion so-called ultra mega complex scheduled to be built south of Tunda Wand , a tiny village near the Gulf of Kutch , an inlet of the Arabian Sea on India 's west coast . Dozens of other such projects are already or soon will be under way . Yet Mehta has another solution for India 's chronic electricity shortage , one that does not involve power plants on the ground but instead massive sun-gathering satellites in geosynchronous orbits 22,000 miles in the sky . The satellites would electromagnetically beam gigawatts of solar energy back to ground-based receivers , where it would then be converted to electricity and transferred to power grids . And because in high Earth orbit , satellites are unaffected by the earth 's shadow virtually 365 days a year , the floating power plants could provide round-the-clock clean , renewable electricity . "  This will be kind of a leap frog action instead of just crawling , " said Mehta , who is the director of India operations for Space Island Group , a California-based company working to develop solar satellites . "  It is a win-win situation . " American scientist Peter Glaser introduced the idea of space solar power in 1968 . NASA and the United States Department of Energy studied the concept throughout the 1970s , concluding that although the technology was feasible , the price of putting it all together and sending it to outer space was not . "  The estimated cost of all of the infrastructure to build them in space was about $ 1 trillion , " said John Mankins , a former NASA technologist and president of the Space Power Association . "  It was an unimaginable amount of money . " NASA revisited space solar power with a so-called "  Fresh Look " study in the mid-90s but the research lost momentum when the space agency decided it did not want to further pursue the technology , Mankins told CNN . By around 2002 the project was indefinitely shelved -- or so it seemed . "  The conditions are ripe for something to happen on space solar power , " said Charles Miller , a director of the Space Frontier Foundation , a group promoting public access to space . "  The environment is perfect for a new start . " Skyrocketing oil prices , a heightened awareness of climate change and worries about natural resource depletion have recently prompted a renewed interest in beaming extraterrestrial energy back to Earth , Miller explained . And so has a 2007 report released by the Pentagon 's National Security Space Office , encouraging the U.S. government to spearhead the development of space power systems . "  A single kilometer-wide band of geosynchronous Earth orbit experiences enough solar flux in one year to nearly equal the amount of energy contained within all known recoverable conventional oil reserves on Earth today , " the report said . The study also concluded that solar energy from satellites could provide power for global U.S. military operations and deliver energy to disaster areas and developing nations . "  The country that takes the lead on space solar power will be the energy-exporting country for the entire planet for the next few hundred years , " Miller said . Russia , China , the European Union and India , according to the Pentagon report , are interested in the concept . And Japan , which has been pouring millions of dollars into space power studies for decades , is working toward testing a small-scale demonstration in the near future . But a number of obstacles still remain before solar satellites actually get off the ground , said Jeff Keuter , president of the George C. Marshall Institute , a Washington-based research organization . "  Like any activity in space , there are enormous engineering challenges , " he said . One major barrier is a lack of cheap and reliable access to space , a necessity for launching hundreds of components to build what will be miles-long platforms . Developing robotic technology to piece the structures together high above Earth will also be a challenge . Then there is the issue of finding someone to foot what will be at least a billion-dollar bill . "  It will take a great deal of effort , a great deal of thought and unfortunately a great deal of money , " Keutersaid . "  But it is certainly possible . " And Miller , of the Space Frontier Foundation , said he thinks it will be possible in the next 10 years . "  We could see the first operational power satellite in about the 2020 time frame if we act now , " he said . ... . Do you think beaming solar power down from space is feasible ? Who should be responsible developing the technology ? Why has it not been done before ? Leave your views and comments in the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best .	Concept to beam solar power from satellites gains new global momentum Massive satellites would beam solar energy back to ground-based receivers Pentagon study says could be used for military operations , developing nations
Los Angeles  CNN  -- After missing her first day of community service at the Los Angeles County morgue , actress Lindsay Lohan gets a second chance to appear on time Friday . "  Lindsay arrived at the morgue approximately 20 minutes late and will be returning for orientation tomorrow , " said her publicist Steven Honig Thursday . Just a day earlier , a judge rebuked Lohan for similar failures , revoked her probation and forced her to post $ 100,000 bail . "  Her lateness was due to a combination of not knowing what entrance to go through and confusion caused by the media waiting for her arrival , " Honig said in a statement . "  Lindsay spoke with the supervisors at the morgue . They showed her how to get in , and everything is all cleared up . " Chief Coroner Craig Harvey said Lohan failed to show up on time -- 10 a.m. ET Thursday -- to the coroner 's office . Though she arrived late , Lohan was turned away because there was n't enough time to complete her hours for the day , officials said . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner ruled Wednesday that after Lohan posted $ 100,000 bail for her probation revocation , she had to perform two working shifts -- or eight hours a day -- twice a week until her probation revocation hearing November 2 . Lohan 's tardiness Thursday does n't mean she is turned away from the program , Harvey said . If Lohan shows up Friday on time , she will be allowed to work and perform her community service , Harvey said . The coroner 's office will dismiss Lohan from her morgue duties only if she does something "  terribly " wrong or shows misconduct , Harvey said . Sautner revoked probation for Lohan because of her failure to comply with community service at a downtown Los Angeles women 's center . Under Sautner 's ruling , once Lohan made bail the same day , the actress now must perform 16 hours of community service a week -- over a minimum of two days a week -- at the county morgue before her probation violation hearing next month . Lohan , 25 , was on probation after pleading guilty in May to stealing a necklace from a Venice , California , jewelry store . She served five weeks of home confinement ending in June for that misdemeanor theft and violation of another probation . Lohan 's legal woes began in 2007 with two drunken driving arrests and have been compounded by her failure to attend counseling classes and her failures of alcohol and drug tests . Her current probation calls for her to perform 360 hours at the Los Angeles Downtown Women 's Center and 120 hours at the county morgue within a year . But the judge expressed anger Wednesday at Lohan 's repeated probation failures . She said Lohan posted nine absences at the women 's center since her last court hearing July 21 -- and performed , at most , only two hours of service . Lohan 's attempt to perform community service at a nearby Red Cross facility -- instead of the women 's center -- was voided Wednesday because the judge said she did n't authorize that change . After the hearing , Lohan publicist Honig released a statement : "  Lindsay is hoping this matter will be resolved on November 2 and the court will reinstate probation and allow her to continue fulfilling her community service . " Lohan 's estranged father , Michael Lohan , told HLN 's "  Issues With Jane Velez-Mitchell " that his daughter needs "  a very , very intensive " program of rehabilitation for substance abuse . "  What the judge did , she had to do , " he said Wednesday . But he said jail time would not be the proper remedy . "  She 's not going to be working the morgue . She 's going to wind up in a morgue if someone does n't do something to get her help , " he said . At one point during this week 's hearing , Los Angeles city attorneys Lisa Houle and Melanie Chavira asked the court to revoke Lohan 's probation and impose jail time because of her failure to do community service . One of the city attorneys said Lohan "  is in violation for getting herself kicked out of the women 's center , which she was ordered to do . " But Lohan 's attorney told the court that the actress received "  a glowing " probation report , which said that "  Ms. Lohan has reached a turning point " in her behavior and maturity . The judge raised several questions about the reliability of that report , however . Sautner remarked how the probation report showed Lohan had excused absences from community service between September 9 and October 5 so that she could travel to New York , Milan , Italy , and Paris for work . But a psychologist 's report said Lohan had perfect attendance for counseling every week , the judge observed . "  The psychologist said she appeared in person for her counseling every Tuesday , " the judge said . "  I do n't know how she did that . " "  Did she go to Milan for five days and come back in time or go to Paris for five days and come back in time ? " Sautner asked the defense attorney . "  If she was gone from September 9 to October 5 , did she get beamed across the pond ? I do n't know how that happened , " the judge said . Lohan 's attorney , Shawn Holley , told Sautner that she did n't know the specifics of Lohan 's psychological appointments , but the attorney said the arrangement did call for phone conferences . Holley added that Lohan 's work in Europe was done to support her and her family -- and affected her ability to carry out the community service . "  Because the work is out of the county , it did cause a disruption to her schedule " to do community service , Holley said . Lohan 's community service at the county morgue wo n't be easy , the judge noted . "  They do n't mess around and you show up and do what they tell you to do , " Sautner said . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Publicist : She arrives 20 minutes late to do community service at Los Angeles County morgue Coroner says Lohan missed her 10 a.m. ET start time A judge has already revoked Lohan 's probation because of other similar failures
CNN  -- A judge sentenced a self-help expert to a total of two years in prison Friday for his role in the deaths of three people in a 2009 sweat lodge ceremony in the Arizona desert . Prosecutors had sought consecutive three-year sentences for James Arthur Ray on each of the three counts of negligent homicide on which a jury convicted him . The judge instead imposed three two-year terms , to be served concurrently . Ray and his attorneys asked for probation , but Judge Warren R. Darrow said the evidence shows "  extreme negligence on the part of Mr. Ray . " "  A prison sentence is just mandated in this case , " he said . During the trial , prosecutors argued that Ray 's recklessness caused the deaths of Kirby Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York ; James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee ; and Lizbeth Marie Neuman , 49 , of Prior Lake , Minnesota . At least 15 others who took part in the sweat lodge ceremony became ill . The lodge , made of willow trees and branches and covered with tarpaulins and blankets , was heated to a perilously high temperature , causing the participants to suffer dehydration and heatstroke , prosecutors alleged . They also said Ray did n't monitor the temperature inside the lodge or the well-being of participants and was indifferent to those having trouble . Ray 's lawyers countered that the deaths were the result of a tragic accident , not a crime . They asked witnesses who were in the sweat lodge whether they signed a release form warning them of the dangers . All replied that they signed , but some said they did n't read the form . Ray 's attorneys also suggested that exposure to an unknown toxin in the lodge -- perhaps a pesticide , rat poison or something in the type of wood used to heat the rocks -- could have caused the deaths . Ray tearfully told the court that he has "  no excuse " for what happened that October day or since . "  At the end of the day , I lost three friends , and I lost them on my watch , " he said . "  And whatever errors in judgment or mistakes I made , I 'm going to have to live with those for the rest of my life . " Ray asked Darrow to sentence him to probation , saying he is no threat to society and promising never to conduct another sweat lodge ceremony again . "  It pains me beyond belief to be here today , with the best of intentions gone wrong , " he said . Before Darrow announced his judgment , prosecutor Sheila Polk characterized Ray as a dangerous "  pretender " who had cast himself as a victim of an overzealous prosecution . And relatives of the victims told Darrow that Ray has done little to redeem himself and that he deserved the maximum possible sentence of nine years in prison . "  My heart 's been ripped out . My life has been blown apart , and the pieces are yet to land , " said Virginia Brown , Kirby Brown 's mother .	James Arthur Ray is sentenced to a total of two years in prison Three people died in 2009 after participating in ceremony led by Ray "  My heart 's been ripped out , " one victim 's mother says at sentencing hearing
CNN  -- Deidre Robinson 's cheeks flushed as two ride attendants tried to push her safety guard into the lock position . At 310 pounds , Robinson knew she 'd have restrictions at the theme park , but that did n't make her feel any less humiliated when she was told she could n't ride the roller coaster with her daughter . "  There was a big guy next to me and his snapped , " she said . "  I thought , ` There 's something wrong with that . ' Obviously I was a lot bigger than he was . " The 2007 event was one of several turning points for Robinson , now 31 , who was eventually inspired to join Weight Watchers and start doing Zumba , a Latin-inspired dance fitness class , in February 2009 . Less than two years later , the South Carolina native had dropped more than half her body weight -- going from a size 24 to a size 2 -- and was ready turn her healthy lifestyle into her livelihood . Childhood scars "  My mom always called me thick , " Robinson said . "  Back in the fourth grade , I remember my mom measuring my cereal ... three-fourths a cup of Cheerios . " Nobody in her family had ever battled weight problems , she said . They could n't understand why she gained weight while eating the same things as her sister , who "  to this day is just genetically thin . " By high school , she had tried just about every diet out there : from eating only chicken and rice every day for a month to "  the no-carb thing . " The quick results were nice , she said , but nothing ever stuck . Weight loss helps mom battle cancer Things did n't get any easier after graduation . Robinson 's parents and sister , who she said she 's very close with , tricked her into attending a weight intervention under the false pretense of discussing a bill . She showed up with her boyfriend at the time , who was n't overweight . A few years ago , they tried again , giving Robinson a gym membership for Christmas . "  For my family to come at me like that ... they did n't intentionally try to hurt my feelings , but they were trying to wake me up , " Robinson said . "  They did n't know what it was like . They never had weight problems . They ate the same food  as me  . They 're the ones who took me to the restaurants . " Robinson said her family 's well-meaning gestures did nothing to motivate her to lose weight . Rather , they made her defensive and caused tension . Robinson 's dad was n't overtly hard on her , but she could tell he was disappointed -- "  like he thought I let myself go , " she said , which might have been unfair considering he had his own vice . Just as Robinson considered eating a habit that she had little control over , her dad had smoked cigarettes since he was 20 . He died at 45 in 2004 from coronary artery disease , five years before Robinson lost the weight . "  The one thing I hate the most is that my dad never got to see  me thin  , " she said . "  I know how proud he 'd be that I got that weight off . He was always so proud of me for my job accomplishments , but he could never understand why I could n't get that part right . " Family wins $ 10K after losing 255 pounds The tipping point From what she could wear and drive to where she would sit at restaurants , Robinson 's size dictated many aspects of her daily life . "  I did n't have one pair of shoes that had laces , " she said . "  It put me out of breath to tie them . ... I would go into a restaurant already determining in my head whether I 'd need a table or booth . I could n't drive a sports car . I literally could n't fit behind the wheel . " And the theme park incident is just one bad memory of a too-snug safety belt . Robinson had n't been on an airplane in about five years when she jetted off to Miami for a work trip with her husband in 2005 . She cringed as a flight attendant yelled out for someone to bring a seat belt extension over . "  In that situation , you almost feel like ... yes , you are a human being , but not only do you not fit into society because you look different and you stand out , but you literally do not fit , " she said . "  I would n't even go to a concert because the seats  were  too small . You do n't want to put yourself in those situations because they 're so embarrassing . " Robinson said her daughter McKenzie , who turns 10 in November , is the main reason she ultimately decided to get fit . Up until McKenzie was 6 , Robinson had n't been in a pool with her because she did n't feel comfortable in a bathing suit . "  She started asking me , ` Mom , why are you not swimming with me ? ' " And as parents slid down the giant slide at the carnival with their children , Robinson waited for her daughter at the bottom . "  Why wo n't you go down with me ? " McKenzie would ask her mom . "  I felt like I was missing out , " Robinson said . "  I was there . I would take her to the events , but I could n't participate . I 'm at all the events , but I 'm in none of the pictures . " Shake it Thanks to Weight Watchers and Zumba DVDs , the weight started to fall off , Robinson said . After losing 30 pounds and gaining confidence , she began taking Zumba classes at a gym . She started going a few times a week and loved it so much she continued to go every day . More than 150 pounds later , Robinson decided to open her own fitness studio in Greenville , South Carolina . Within two months of opening Fitness Shakers in May 2011 , Robinson said she quickly lost another 15 pounds -- bringing her total weight loss to 170 pounds in two years -- just from being the only instructor at the time . "  It 's amazing to think I used to have these huge round chubby thick arms and now I 've got this muscle definition , " she said . "  Pounds do n't even bother me anymore . Now it 's body fat percentage . " FDA : Dietary supplements dangerous Her studio , as well as her story , now helps inspire others to be active and healthy , if the testimonials on her website are any indication : "  I could never thank Dee Dee Robinson and her team enough for all they have done for me through Fitness Shakers , " Jessie E. writes . "  I immediately felt love , support , and acceptance walking into my first class . " "  They trust me because they know where I 've been , " Robinson said of the members at her gym . "  They know I can relate . " She now has a staff of 10 and a second location in Taylor , South Carolina , which opened in November 2011 . "  I work out every day of my life , " Robinson said , who also credits her fit physique to knowing what foods to eat . Salmon is one of her favorites because it 's filling , yet low on the Weight Watchers ' PointsPlus system . "  Do I have my one cheat day a week ? Yeah , " she said . "  Is one cheeseburger going to make me gain weight ? No . " Robinson has also noticed some other positive changes in her life since losing the weight . In addition to strengthening the bond she has with herself -- gaining confidence and happiness -- she said her relationship with her family has flourished . "  They say , ` We finally got our Dee back . Her personality is back . She 's her bubbly normal self , ' " Robinson said . "  We 're definitely closer . " She said she used to remove herself from situations , such as family cookouts , because she was n't comfortable with her size , but now she 's a lot more involved . "  I did it for me , " Robinson said of losing the weight . "  But maybe this whole weight loss process was n't just for me . Never did I think I could inspire others . ... I get more gratitude from that than just knowing what I 've done for myself . " Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport .	Deidre Robinson went from a size 24 to a size 2 and opened a fitness studio Robinson 's family did n't understand why she was overweight growing up Her daughter encouraged her to get fit so they could participate in activities together
Mashable  -- Facebook has begun rolling out a full redesign of Facebook Pages . The changes will make the Pages look and operate more like user profiles . The new Pages redesign was first seen in December , when Facebook accidentally launched it and quickly took it down . The update not only removed tabs , but it gave page admins the ability to post and comment on other Facebook Pages through a "  Login as Page " feature . Those prototype features have made the cut for today 's launch . As Facebook 's Rohit Dhawan , the lead product manager for Facebook Pages , explained to me earlier today , the company has wanted to redesign Facebook Pages ever since it launched the profile redesign . "  We strongly believe you should have consistent experiences when possible , " Dhawan said . The big difference everyone will notice will be the new layout . The left-hand menu for editing pages has been removed in favor of a new navigation menu that replaces the old tabbing system . And like the Facebook Profiles redesign , the left-hand "  Information " box is also gone . However , page admins can now add info about their brand at the top of the page under the main title . The right-hand menu has also been tweaked . There is now a section that features the page 's admins  if you so choose  as well as a section that shows users how many of their friends have also "  liked " that particular page . Finally , just like profiles , a page can now feature relevant photos at the top . This could lead to some very creative uses for Facebook Pages . Log in as your Facebook page There are some other notable differences between the new Facebook Pages and the old version , especially for page admins . The "  Login as Page " feature gives admins the ability to interact with the rest of Facebook as a page , not an individual . For example , I could log in as Mashable and start commenting and "  liking " things on Facebook Pages that have "  liked " Mashable . Admins will also see a different News Feed if they are logged in as their page ; It will display the most important news from the pages you 've "  liked . " "  A page can now use Facebook as if they were an individual with the ability to interact with other pages , " Dhawan said . "  It provides interesting content when people are visiting the page . " Mashable : What the new Facebook pages mean for users & owners Pages ca n't do everything a user can , though . Most importantly , they can not post on a user 's wall or comment on his or her status . The lone exception is for a user who has opted for the "  everybody " privacy setting ; Pages can comment on status updates for those individuals . The other update Facebook is adding is an "  Everyone " filter that brings the most interesting and engaging posts from a page 's community to the top of the page . This makes it easier for users and admins to easily find the most "  liked " and commented-on conversations on a particular page . The new Facebook Pages are also smart enough to filter out posts that are not in a language you speak . The new design launches today as a preview for Facebook Page admins . Before switching , they can check to see what their page will look like and tweak elements of the design before launch . The company is also releasing a Page Tour and a manual to explain the new design . Admins will have until March 10 to switch over though , before Facebook automatically updates every page to the new design . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook has begun rolling out full redesign of Facebook Pages Changes will make Pages look and operate like user profiles Gives page admins the ability to post and comment on other Facebook Pages
CNN  -- Rutgers University held an emotional vigil Sunday evening as the campus grapples with the suicide of a student whose sexual encounter with another man was broadcast online . The body of Tyler Clementi , 18 , was recovered from the Hudson River on Thursday , more than a week after he jumped from the George Washington Bridge , which spans the river between New York and New Jersey . Two other Rutgers students -- Clementi 's roommate , Dharun Ravi , 18 , and Molly Wei , 18 -- have been charged with invasion of privacy . The pair allegedly placed a camera in Clementi 's dorm room without his knowledge and then streamed his sexual encounter online , according to the Middlesex County , New Jersey , prosecutor 's office . "  Our entire campus is very upset about what happened , " said Greg Blimling , Rutgers ' Vice President of Student Affairs . "  The entire campus is in mourning . And we feel very deeply for what happened to the family . This is a terrible tragedy . " Students and other members of the university community , some wearing pins that read "  Pride , " stood silently as they lit and held white candles . Clementi remembered in New York Park The vigil brought together student organizations , campus offices and LGBT communities "  as an opportunity for the members of the community and our allies to stand together united in peace , healing and social justice , " a statement from the university said . A student who attended the vigil stressed the need for civility . "  We 're all linked on some sort of deeper level and we just need to find it , " said Caroline Tuero . On Friday , the president of Rutgers pledged to meet with members of the university 's gay community as the school deals with scrutiny in the wake of the suicide . In a letter to the Rutgers community , President Richard McCormick praised what he called the school 's "  strong history of social activism on behalf of diversity . " However , he said , the university "  is an imperfect institution in an imperfect society . " University officials declined to respond to CNN 's questions about when Rutgers first learned of the webcam incident , citing privacy laws . But a school spokesman said Friday that officials "  did the best they can . " "  I have spoken to virtually every principal involved in this matter , and they have attempted to handle this matter to the best of their ability , " Rutgers spokesman Greg Travor told CNN . McCormick said that the incident has raised questions about the campus climate . "  Students , parents and alumni have expressed deep concern that our university , which prides itself on its rich diversity , is not fully welcoming and accepting of all students , " the president said in a letter . New Jersey prosecutors were working to determine whether additional charges , including bias , may be brought against Ravi and Wei . On the evening of September 19 , Ravi allegedly sent a message via microblogging site Twitter about Clementi . "  Roommate asked for the room till midnight . I went into molly 's room and turned on my webcam . I saw him making out with a dude . Yay . " Ravi tried to use the webcam again two days later , on September 21 , according to the Middlesex County prosecutor 's office . "  Anyone with iChat , I dare you to video chat me between the hours of 9:30 and 12 . Yes it 's happening again , " Ravi is believed to have tweeted . The next day , Clementi was dead . A mobile status update September 22 on a Facebook page purportedly belonging to Clementi said : "  jumping off the gw bridge sorry . " Clementi 's family has remained largely quiet , except to say that their personal tragedy has raised a host of legal issues for the country . "  Regardless of legal outcomes , our hope is that our family 's personal tragedy will serve as a call for compassion , empathy and human dignity , " the statement said . CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Tyler Clementi committed suicide after the broadcast of a sexual encounter with a man Students Dharun Ravi and Molly Wei are charged with invasion of privacy Ravi and Wei might face additional charges such as bias Clementi 's family says it hopes the tragedy will serve as a call for compassion
CNN  -- A construction accident at the site of the Brazilian stadium that will host the opening match of the World Cup killed two workers , Sao Paulo fire officials said Wednesday . Officials initially said there were three victims , but the fire department amended the death toll on its Twitter account . The Arena Corinthians is one of the venues that will host World Cup matches in 2014 . A crane was hoisting a part of the metal roof when it collapsed , causing the piece to fall , partially damaging the building , according to a statement released by the construction company , Odebrecht Infrastructure . It was a procedure that had been carried out many times at the construction site without incident , including the installation a week ago of a piece of roof of the same proportions , the company said . The stadium is to be the home of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista . The club 's directors issued a statement expressing sadness over the incident . The construction company identified the victims as Fabio Luiz Pereira , 42 , and Ronaldo Oliveira dos Santos , 44 . The accident comes as Brazil faces an approaching deadline to finish construction on its World Cup stadiums . Earlier this year , FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke declared that all stadiums would have to be ready by December . The tournament is to be held from June 12 to July 13 . In August , Brazil 's sports minister , Aldo Rebelo , relayed concerns over delays at five of the stadiums being built . It was unknown how much Wednesday 's incident would affect the construction of the Arena Corinthians . The state-run Agencia Brasil news agency reported that about a third of the stadium will be closed off as officials investigate the accident . Workers were excused for several days of mourning . "  We are less concerned with timelines , " Andres Sanchez , the former president of Corinthians , told reporters , according to Agencia Brasil . "  We are concerned about satisfying you and attending to the victims ' families . " Brazil suffered a setback last month when a judge ordered the suspension of construction at another host venue due to safety concerns . The judge stopped work at the Arena de Baixada , in the city of Curitiba , over concerns that workers were in danger of "  being buried , run over , falling from heights and being hit by material , among other serious risks . " Preparations for the World Cup have been controversial in Brazil . Protesters are outraged at what they consider lavish spending on the World Cup as well as the 2016 Olympic Games . They have also been critical of the lack of investment in public services , schools , hospitals and transportation . That led thousands to march earlier this year on the streets across the country . CNN 's Shasta Darlington , Miguel Castro , James Masters and John Sinnott contributed to this report .	NEW : State media : 30 % of the stadium will be closed off as authorities investigate A crane hoisting a piece of roofing collapsed at the Arena Corinthians Two workers were killed The accident comes as Brazil tries to meet a deadline for completing its stadiums
EW.com  -- As expected , "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " led the box office once again over the extended Thanksgiving frame , but Disney 's "  The Muppets " reboot more than held its own in second place . Meanwhile , newcomers "  Arthur Christmas " and "  Hugo " started modestly , and "  The Descendants , " "  My Week with Marilyn , " and "  The Artist " all impressed in limited release . Here 's how the box office played out over the holiday weekend : "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 "  Geez , typing that whole title never gets any easier . I half-expect the next installment to be renamed "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 2 : The Finale -- 2 Love or 2 Die "  grossed $ 62.3 million over the Wednesday-to-Sunday period , with $ 42 million of that coming in over the regular three-day frame . That gives the vampire drama a ten-day total of $ 221.3 million , ahead of the $ 214.3 million "  Eclipse " had earned at the same point in its run . Other comparisons between "  Eclipse " and "  Breaking Dawn " are hard to draw . "  Eclipse " opened on a Wednesday and was a summer movie , while "  Breaking Dawn " debuted on a Friday and is playing during the Thanksgiving season . Furthermore , both of their runs contained holiday weekends in the first two frames , which make weekend-to-weekend drops difficult to compare . For the record , though , "  Breaking Dawn 's " three-day weekend drop was 70 percent from last week 's $ 138 million opening . One thing that can be said with certainty ? The "  Twilight " franchise remains a box office juggernaut . "  Breaking Dawn 's " $ 10,330 per theater average was the second-highest in the Top 10 , and when all is said and done , it should finish its run in the $ 300 million range . Disney 's $ 40 million reboot "  The Muppets " debuted in second place with a strong $ 42.3 million . The friendly felt puppets laughed up $ 29.5 million over the regular three-day weekend . Audiences skewed slightly older than those at typical kids ' movies , as only 35 percent of viewers were under the age of 18 , but then the Muppets were never meant to be solely kiddie fare â $ " that 's why "  Sesame Street " was invented ! "  The Muppets " $ 42.3 million bow is lower than the $ 49.1 million opening of the Mouse House 's "  Enchanted "  which also starred Amy Adams  in 2007 . Thanks to strong word-of-mouth and terrific reviews , "  Enchanted " endured through the holiday season and wound up with a magical $ 127 million total . With a straight "  A " CinemaScore grade and broad appeal with all ages , "  The Muppets " may climb to a similar $ 100 + million cume in the coming weeks . Wherever "  The Muppets " finishes though , it has already proven more successful than the last Muppets movies to hit theaters , "  Muppets from Space , " which only earned $ 16.6 million in 1999 . It looks like Miss Piggy might finally get the credit she 's always known she deserves . Welcome back , guys ! After a disappointing opening last weekend , "  Happy Feet Two " needed a miraculous hold to save its box office prospects -- but that did n't really happen . The $ 135 million animated sequel earned another $ 18.4 million over five days and $ 13.4 million over three , which marks a rather large for a family film 37 percent drop . With $ 43.8 million after ten days , "  Happy Feet Two " wo n't come close to the original 's $ 198 million gross . Penguins -- they 're just so 2006 . Two more expensive children 's movies rounded out the Top 5 . In fourth , Sony 's Aardman-produced 3-D animation "  Arthur Christmas " unwrapped a fairly lackluster $ 17 million in its first five days  $ 12.7 million over three days  . The well-reviewed $ 98 million production scored an "  A -- " CinemaScore grade , and while its subject matter should help it hold well throughout December , "  Arthur " will need to post some very small declines to make up for its low $ 3,762 per theater average and maintain its location count . Martin Scorsese 's first foray into 3-D , "  Hugo , " began its run in fifth place . The "  adventure "  read : homage to silent film  cost producer GK Films a reported $ 170 million , and Paramount is distributing . "  Hugo " earned $ 15.4 million in five days , and $ 11.4 million over the typical weekend . While those results sound alarmingly low , the silver lining here is that "  Hugo " is only playing in 1,277 locations -- the smaller run yielded a strong $ 8,888 per theater average over three days . Still , "  Hugo " has a LOT to prove before anyone should consider calling it a success . Paramount is clearly hoping to build a strong word-of-mouth foundation which could propel the well-reviewed film in the coming weeks , and a rep for the studio tells me that Paramount plans to add a few hundred locations to its run next weekend before breaking into an extra-wide release on December 9  that is when CinemaScore data will be available  . Film buffs were apparently interested to see how Scorsese used the 3-D illusion -- according to Paramount , 75 percent of the film 's gross came from 3-D screens .  According to me : a quick Fandango browse reveals that today in New York City theaters , 64 out of 77 showtimes -- that 's 83 percent ! -- are in 3-D . Would that mean that a 75 percent 3-D share is actually disappointing ? In limited release , "  The Descendants " proved utterly dominant . Fox Searchlight 's George Clooney drama , which is already earning a deafening amount of Oscar buzz , expanded onto 433 screens on Friday , and it increased 505 percent to $ 7.2 million over three days  $ 9.2 million over five  , giving "  The Descendants " a tremendous $ 16,628 per theater average and a ten-day total of $ 10.7 million . Fox Searchlight , more than any other arthouse studio , knows how to platform a release as audiences become engaged with the title , and Searchlight often holds back on expansion when prognosticators assume they 'll push their movies wider -- they did n't put Alexander Payne 's last movie , "  Sideways , " into more than 1,000 theaters until its 15th weekend . We 'll have to wait and see what the distributor does with "  The Descendants , " but they 've clearly got a hit on their hands . It should soar well past Clooney 's last picture , "  The Ides of March "  $ 39.5 million  and perhaps even past Clooney 's 2009 Oscar bait , "  Up in the Air "  $ 83 million  . Fellow Oscar contender "  My Week with Marilyn " began its run with $ 2.1 million in five days . The Marilyn Monroe picture earned $ 311,000 out of 183 theaters on Wednesday and Thursday , and then expanded into 244 theaters for the weekend , when it earned $ 1.8 million more . That gave it a moderately good $ 6,161 per theater average . Encouragingly , Marilyn ticked up by a strong 13 percent on Saturday , and then dropped by a scant 30 percent on Sunday , so word-of-mouth may be spreading quickly for the drama , which earned an "  A -- " CinemaScore grade . According to Weinstein , audiences were 65 percent female and 50 percent over the age of 50 . In very limited debuts , "  The Artist " and "  A Dangerous Method " both posted strong numbers from just four theaters . The Artist found about $ 210,000 and a stunning $ 52,604 per theater average -- great results for any film , much less a black-and-white silent one . With strong Oscar buzz and an "  A " CinemaScore grade working in The Artist 's favor , Weinstein is planning to expand the film slowly through Christmastime . Sony Pictures Classics ' A Dangerous Method , meanwhile , grossed about $ 182,000 , for an impressive $ 45,463 venue average . Expect expansions for the Michael Fassbender/Viggo Mortensen/Keira Knightly film as well . One final note : Interestingly , "  Tower Heist " seems to be enjoying a late surge of popularity . Despite losing 468 theaters this weekend , the caper clicked up 3 percent to $ 7.3 million over three days . The $ 85 million  $ 75 million after tax rebates  Eddie Murphy/Ben Stiller comedy , directed by Brett Ratner , has now found $ 65.3 million total . 1 . The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 -- $ 42 million  $ 62.3 mil over five days 2 . The Muppets -- $ 29.5 mil  $ 42 mil 3 . Happy Feet Two -- $ 13.4 mil  $ 18.4 mil 4 . Arthur Christmas -- $ 12.7 mil  $ 17 mil 5 . Hugo -- $ 11.4 mil  $ 15.4 mil 6 . Jack and Jill -- $ 10.3 mil  $ 14.1 mil 7 . Immortals -- $ 8.8 mil  $ 12.6 mil 8 . Puss in Boots -- $ 7.5 mil  $ 10.4 mil 9 . Tower Heist -- $ 7.3 mil  $ 10.2 mil 10 . The Descendants -- $ 7.2 mil  $ 9.2 mil See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " grossed $ 62.3 million over Wednesday-to-Sunday "  The Muppets " debuted in second place with a strong $ 42.3 million "  Arthur Christmas " unwrapped a fairly lackluster $ 17 million
CNN Student News  -- The following resource contains answers to some of the most frequently asked questions about the Electoral College . Who actually elects the president of the United States ? When voters go to the polls on Election Day , they do not vote directly for a presidential candidate . Instead , they cast their votes for a slate of electors who have been given the authority by the United States Constitution to elect the president and vice president . The electors are known collectively as the Electoral College . At the Constitutional Convention of 1787 , delegates debated the manner in which the president of the United States was to be elected . Some argued that the Congress should select the president , while other proposals recommended election by the people , the governors of the states or state legislatures . A compromise was reached in what became known as the Electoral College . Technically , it is these electors , and not the American voters , who elect the president . Why the Electoral College instead of direct vote by the people ? The Constitution 's framers established the Electoral College as a way to avoid the direct popular election of the president . Some of the Constitution 's authors did not trust the ability of the common voter to make the "  right " decision , so they devised the Electoral College as one way of lessening the power of the popular vote . How does the Electoral College work ? The Electoral College , as established by the U.S. Constitution , currently includes 538 members : one for each U.S. senator and representative and three for the District of Columbia  under the 23rd Amendment of 1961  . Each state is allocated a number of electors equal to the number of its U.S. senators  always 2  plus the number of its members in the U.S. House of Representatives  based on population , this is subject to change with the Census every ten years  . So , the breakdown of electors is as follows : 100 Senate seats + 435 House of Representative seats + 3 Washington , D.C. = 538 total electors Since the number of electors per state varies by population , California holds the most electors with 55 . Several states have only three electors , which is the smallest number a state can have based on the formula described above . For any presidential candidate to win , he or she must gain a majority of the 538 votes , or the magic number of 270 . If no one candidate reaches 270 electoral votes , the election is thrown into the House of Representatives to be decided  under the 12th Amendment of 1804  . This has happened twice in U.S. history , both in the 19th century , but the scenario could conceivably become reality in modern times with a popular third-party candidate gathering some of the electoral votes and siphoning them away from the other two candidates . How are presidential electors selected ? Article II , section 1 of the Constitution provides that , "  No Senator or Representative , or person holding an office of trust or profit under the United States shall be appointed an elector . " Aside from this disqualification , any person is qualified to be an elector for president and vice president . The Constitution does not specify procedures for nominating candidates for presidential electors . Thirty-six states nominate their elector candidates by state party convention , and ten of the states nominate their electors by state party committee . Generally , elector candidates tend to be prominent state and local officeholders , party activists and other citizens associated with the party for which they are nominated . The Constitution left the method of selecting electors and of awarding electoral votes to the States . In the early years of the Republic , many states provided for selection of electors by the state legislatures . Since 1864 , all states have provided for popular election of electors for president and vice president . In 48 states and the District of Columbia , the presidential candidate who gets the most votes wins all the electoral votes in that state . This is known as the "  general ticket " or "  winner take all " system . Currently , Maine and Nebraska provide the only exception to the "  winner take all " method , awarding one electoral vote to the ticket gaining the most votes in each of the states ' congressional districts , and awarding the remaining two  representing their senatorial allotment  to the winners of the most votes statewide . This variation , called the "  direct system , " was more widely used in the 19th century . Can a candidate win the popular vote but lose the election ? Under the "  winner take all " system , it is possible for a candidate to win several large states and some smaller ones and get the magic number of 270 , but have fewer popular votes nationwide than his or her opponent . Popular vote winners have failed to win the presidency on four occasions since the adoption of the 12th Amendment : in 1824 , 1876 , 1888 and 2000 . In 1824 , the electoral vote was split among four candidates , necessitating election by the House of Representatives , which chose the popular vote runner-up . In 1876 , due to contested returns from four states , Congress set up an electoral commission which awarded the disputed votes to the apparent popular vote runner-up , resulting in a one-vote margin in the Electoral College . In 1888 , the apparent popular vote runner-up won a comfortable Electoral College majority . In 2000 , the popular vote winner lost in the Electoral College after the outcome of a contested vote in Florida . When does all of this take place ? On the Tuesday following the first Monday of November , in years divisible by four . According to the U.S. Constitution , voters in each state cast their ballots for the party slate of electors who represent their choice for president and vice president . Whichever party wins that state 's popular vote for president receives the elector votes for that state . On the Monday following the second Wednesday of December , by federal law , each state 's electors meet in their respective capitals and cast their votes , one for president and one for vice president . These electoral votes are sealed and transmitted from each state to the president of the Senate , who , on the following January 6 , opens and reads them before both houses of Congress . The candidate for president who has attained the majority of electoral votes  270  is then declared the president . The new president and vice president are sworn in at noon on January 20 . What are some arguments for and against the Electoral College ? For : Against : Sources : The National Archives and the CRS Report for Congress	Use this information to learn about the Electoral College
CNN  -- Pinterest is the breakout social network of 2012 , but even technology addicts could be excused for missing its rise to success . The web-based "  pinboard , " which launched almost two years ago , barely got a mention on Silicon Valley news sites until six months ago , when early adopters suddenly realized that a site with millions of monthly users had sprung up almost unnoticed by the tech press . That 's because Pinterest did n't take the usual route of Web-based startups : romancing early adopters and technology journalists before attempting to "  cross the chasm " to mainstream adoption . Instead , Pinterest grew a devoted base of users -- most of them female -- who enjoy "  pinning " items they find around the Web . While clothing , home decor and recipes dominate the site , inspirational quotes and humor are also popular topics for users to add to their pinboards . Interest , meet Pinterest : Site helps users catalog their passions How successful is Pinterest ? Unique visitors to the site grew 400 % from September to December 2011 , and just last week one study showed that Pinterest drives more visitors to third-party websites than Google + , YouTube and LinkedIn combined . Demographics are surely a large part of Pinterest 's success : While technology 's early adopters have sprung upon other interest-driven networks like Quora , these sites now suffer from a form of "  cumulative disadvantage " in which mainstream users are put off by how tech-centric they 've become . Delicious , a bookmarking service that hit it big during the "  Web 2.0 " era , relaunched recently with a Pinterest-like interface , but has failed to attract the same audience . Canv.as , meanwhile , is a similar pinboard concept , but caters mainly to those who keep up with the latest Web memes and inside jokes . Pinterest , by contrast , provides no barrier to entry for anyone looking to bookmark , share and comment on images and ideas from around the Web . CNN iReport : What 's your Pinterest passion ? There 's more to Pinterest than its unique audience , however . If you 'd mapped out the evolution of social sharing online a few years ago , you might have predicted that something like Pinterest would emerge . As tech entrepreneur Elad Gil insightfully explained in an article on his blog last month , sharing on the Web has been following three parallel trends . The first is that sharing involves less effort over time . The second is that social sites are becoming more visual over time . And the third is that "  people-centric " recommendations are being augmented by "  topic-centric " networks -- which is to say that while Facebook lets you explore the Web through information shared by friends , newer social networks organize content by topics of interest . Some in the technology industry call this the "  interest graph . " Social networks began with blogging tools like Blogger and WordPress , where you had to write an entire blog post to express yourself . Then along came Twitter and Facebook , and a simple status update was all that was required to share a thought on the Web . These sites then discovered even simpler ways to share : "  retweeting " the updates of others and "  Liking " Web pages on Facebook . Tumblr , now one of the biggest blogging platforms , also fits the trend : Not only is it largely used to share images , but "  reblogging " the posts of others is a primary activity on the site . As for the trend toward organizing content by both topics and the stuff your friends enjoy , you only need to look as far last year 's hit news app : Flipboard , which turns the news into a more visual experience on your iPad , personalizing your experience by highlighting links shared by your online connections and topics you find interesting . Pinterest checks all the boxes : It 's a visual social network that organizes images by topic and lets you reshare with just one click . So will we see a thousand Pinterest clones bloom , or will the site 's stellar growth continue despite others jumping on the trend ? I 'd say success is assured for Pinterest . Thanks to the "  network effects " of these sites -- you join because your friends are already there -- it 'll becoming increasingly hard to compete with the new king , or perhaps queen , of social bookmarking .	Unique visitors to Pinterest grew 400 % from September to December 2011 Pinterest drives more visitors to third-party websites than Google + , YouTube and LinkedIn It 's a visual social network that organizes by topic and lets you reshare with one click
CNN  -- California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ordered a temporary deployment Friday of National Guard troops to the U.S.-Mexico border . The order reflects President Barack Obama 's efforts to secure the border , Schwarzenegger 's office said . Last month , the governor praised Obama 's proposal to deploy 1,200 National Guard personnel along the southwest border of the U.S. Of those troops , 224 would be deployed in California for up to one year . "  The military forces deployed in support of this request will not be employed in a direct law enforcement role , " Schwarzenegger 's order said . The mission is scheduled to end on June 30 , 2011 . It 's not the first time Schwarzenegger issued a general order directing California National Guard personnel to the border . In June 2006 , the governor sent troops temporarily to support federal efforts to secure the border . Schwarzenegger 's office has said the governor believes more Border Patrol agents are needed to reduce illegal border crossings , human trafficking and the influx of narcotics .	Governor responds to Obama 's call for more troops to U.S.-Mexico border The deployment is scheduled to end in June 2011 Governor 's office says more personnel would support counternarcotics operations
CNN  -- Ten people were killed Tuesday when a gunman rampaged through a Finnish college , police officials said . Officials say Matti Juhani Saari began firing in a classroom at the college before shooting himself . Over the course of 90 minutes , Saari fired a few shots at police , Finnish broadcaster YLE said . Jukka Forsberg , a maintenance worker at the school , told YLE that the gunman was wearing a ski mask and walked into the building with a large bag . About 150 students were on campus Kauhajoki city 's School of Hospitality in southwestern Finland . Forsberg said , "  I heard several dozen rounds of shots . In other words , it was an automatic pistol . I saw some female students who were wailing and moaning , and one managed to escape out the back door . " Smoke billowed from a building on campus , but officials could not immediately say what caused the fire . Watch pictures from the scene " Tapio Varmola , who was visiting the school at the time , told CNN he was in a building about two blocks away when the shootings occurred . After the shootings , he said , he heard students shouting . Police came about 10 minutes after they were called , Varmola said . "  It took two hours to get this situation ended , " he said . Saari , 22 , died Tuesday afternoon from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head at Tampere University Hospital , said medical director Matti Lehto . At least one other person suffered serious injuries in the shooting , he added . Police had interviewed and released Saari on Monday after he posted violent videos on YouTube , authorities said . As Saari did not directly threaten anyone in the videos , there were no grounds for further action , national police Commissioner Mikko Paatero told YLE . Authorities learned about the videos Friday but could not reach Saari until Monday , Paatero told YLE . Police also searched his home , YLE reported . Four videos of a man firing a pistol at a shooting range were posted by a "  Mr. Saari " from Kauhajoki , where the college is based , according to his YouTube profile . The profile also included a video tribute to the Columbine High School shooters , Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold , at the top of the man 's favorites list . The videos were posted over a three-week period this month . None was posted in the last week . Watch more about the YouTube videos " The account was suspended within hours of the shooting , which began about 11 a.m. local time  0800 GMT  . MTV-3 's Foreign Editor Risto Puolimatka told CNN that Saari was also issued with a temporary gun license last month . It was the gunman 's first license , Puolimatka said . Finnish President Tarja Halonen expressed her condolences from the United Nations , where she is attending the annual General Assembly . She also commented on the YouTube videos . "  We , parents and elderly people , have a little bit of feeling about the Internet , " she said at an impromptu TV interview . "  It 's like a strange planet for us . But it 's not so . It 's part of our world , so we have to step in . " She praised efforts by police , who she said "  were already on board " by interviewing Saari . Authorities hoped that was enough to take care of any threat , but "  now we see that it was not , " she said . The school taught late teens and young adults , Jarkko Sipila of MTV 3 told CNN . "  It 's more or less like an agricultural or professional school where people teach how to make food or how to cook in big kitchen , in industrial kitchens , " he said . Kauhajoki , with a population of about 15,000 , is about 290km  180 miles  from the capital , Helsinki . The incident comes almost a year after another school shooting left nine people , including the gunman , dead in the Finnish town of Tuusala . Before that shooting , the gunman , 18-year-old student Pekka-Eric Auvinen , posted a video on YouTube titled "  Jokela High School Massacre 11/7/2007 , " identifying the date and location of the attack . "  All these memories are being brought back and people are asking the question , ` Why again ? ' " Sipila said . Finland enjoys a strong tradition of hunting and has a high proportion of gun ownership , with 2 million firearms owned in a nation of 5 million people .	Ten killed as gunman rampages through college in southwestern Finland Suspected gunman dies in hospital after turning the gun on himself , officials said Police say the shooter was a student , no motive established Police probing videos posted on YouTube by alleged gunman
Two teenage girls were killed early Tuesday when a train derailed on the bridge they were sitting on , spilling coal and burying the young women , police in Maryland said . Rose Mayr and Elizabeth Nass , both 19 , were apparently sitting on a bridge ledge in Ellicott City , Maryland , just after midnight with their backs to the train when it derailed , according to a written statement from Howard County police . The two girls posted photos to Twitter shortly before the crash . One showed feet dangling over a road , with the caption "  Levitating . " Another appeared to look down Main Street . Nass tweeted , "  Drinking on top of the Ellicott City sign with @ r0se_petals . " The name Ellicott City is painted on the railroad bridge . Mayr and Nass were high school classmates of David Butko 's . He said he grew concerned when he heard about the accident and saw the pictures on Twitter that indicated Mayr and Nass were on the bridge . iReport : Fatal Train Derailment in Ellicott City MD "  We went to the site ... hung around , but the police would n't let us in , " he said . Nass was supposed to go back to college at James Madison in Virginia on Tuesday , he said . Classes begin in six days , according the university 's website . A spokesman said Nass was an honors student in the interdisciplinary liberal studies program . Mayr was a nursing student at the University of Delaware who was about to start her junior year . "  They were both terrific kids , " Mount Hebron High School Principal Scott Ruehl said . "  Both girls were really involved in the dance program . They were pleasant ; they always said hi in the hallway . " Butko said Mayr was a very funny girl . "  She always had a smile and a joke , " he said . "  She was goofy at times but could be there for you when you needed it . " Jim Southworth of the National Transportation Safety Board said the investigation into what caused the accident was just beginning . He said the train -- with two locomotives and 80 cars -- was going 25 mph when it jumped the tracks . The first 21 cars behind the locomotives derailed , he said . None of the three crew members was injured , he said . Marmie Edwards , spokeswoman for Operation Lifesaver , a nonprofit organization that promotes railroad safety measures , said the number of fatalities in 2012 involving people on tracks was up significantly . "  It 's probably just as well to stay away , not just to be off the tracks , but stay away from the train so you know you 're going to be safe , " she added . "  Because it 's hard to say , ` OK , here it 's safe ; there it 's not . ' So just stay away . " According to the Federal Railroad Administration , through the first five months of the year , 178 people have been killed in accidents on or near tracks  not including at a railroad crossing  . iReport : Damaged Rail Car	Two girls tweeted pictures shortly before crash A train passed behind them around midnight as they sat on the ledge of a bridge Cars just behind the locomotives derailed , spilling coal on the girls NTSB handling investigation into accident
LONDON , England  CNN  -- His life has never been easy . Born into poverty and war , his ears and tail were chopped off when he was just a few months old in preparation for dog-fighting . He escaped to find a better life , only to be trapped in lonely , sterile quarantine for six months . Bear plays for the first time out of quarantine after coming to Britain from Afghanistan . But all that changed Monday when Bear the dog stepped out of British quarantine and through the doors of a London animal shelter . "  He 's absolutely a loving dog , " said former British Royal Marine Paul "  Penny " Farthing , who helped bring Bear to England . "  He just loves people . It 's a good thing he was brought back to the U.K. when he was quite young , so he 's never gone through having to fend for himself in the street and be made to dogfight . " An unknown soldier in Afghanistan first found Bear last year and brought him to a local Afghan animal shelter . The shelter was n't able to care for Bear , so it contacted Farthing , who now runs a charity for stray and abandoned animals , primarily dogs from Afghanistan . Farthing 's Nowzad Dogs is named for the Afghan town where he was based for a few months in 2006 . He asked Mayhew International , an arm of London 's Mayhew Animal Home , to help find Bear a new home . Mayhew International says Bear is one of the few dogs it has brought back to Britain . Usually it tries to find animals new homes within their own countries . "  Although Mayhew International does not encourage people to bring dogs to the U.K. from abroad as a general policy , we made an exception in this case as it was the perfect opportunity to highlight the plight of thousands of stray animals in Afghanistan , " the organization said in a statement . Bear 's story may be unique , but he is certainly not alone . Mayhew International , which works around the world to educate people about animal welfare , says there are countless dogs in Afghanistan that are homeless or trapped in a life of dogfighting -- an increasingly popular pastime in Afghanistan . "  Animal welfare is not looked so highly upon in Afghanistan , " said Christopher Sainsbury , Mayhew 's international projects officer . "  In war-torn areas , people tend to forget the animal welfare side of things . -LSB- We want to -RSB- make people aware that this is a key side of things that needs to be assessed , needs to be worked on . " Bear is a Koochi dog , a large breed common in Afghanistan , according to Dr. Mohammadzai Abduljalil , a Mayhew veterinarian from Afghanistan . While no one knows Bear 's exact age , Abduljalil said they believe he is just about a year old . You would n't know it by Bear 's size . He 's already a large dog nearly 3 feet high with large paws to match . Stepping into the Mayhew play area Monday for the first time , Bear made sure to sniff every corner of the room and mark his territory a few times before settling in to play . He had a puppy 's curiosity and quickly started playing fetch and tug-of-war with Farthing , wagging enthusiastically the small part of his tail which is left . Bear is lucky . He escaped a violent and uncertain future in Afghanistan . Not so for many other dogs left behind . It is those dogs that Farthing hopes to help with his charity . "  They need someone to look after them , so why not me ? " Farthing said . It began when the Royal Marines arrived in the war-torn town of Now Zad , in Afghanistan 's Helmand province , in October 2006 . They found stray dogs wandering the streets , scavenging for food , dodging bullets and seeking shelter from the hot days and cold nights . Many were also being used for dogfighting , with their ears and tails docked to make the fights last longer and give their opponents less to bite . Farthing and other Marines began to feed and care for a few dogs that wandered into their camp . At first they had three dogs , but other strays soon figured out the camp was a source of food and shelter , and before long the Marines found themselves caring for seven dogs and 14 puppies . Time was running out , however . The Marines were due to leave Now Zad in February 2007 and knew they could n't take the dogs with them . They looked for some way to make sure the dogs would be taken care of after they left . That 's when Farthing first contacted Mayhew International . They put him in touch with a small shelter in northern Afghanistan that Mayhew had assisted since its inception , providing advice and veterinary support . The shelter offered to take the dogs on one condition : The Marines had to arrange for the dogs ' transfer to Kabul , a difficult and dangerous three days ' drive away . Finding a taxi willing to accept dogs was the first hurdle ; the second was that the drivers refused to allow the dogs to be transported in Western-style cages , which would give away to the Taliban that the car was carrying foreigners . Instead , the dogs had to be tied with ropes , the Afghan way , and the puppies had to be stashed in small crates -- in this case , a bird cage . "  A lot was done on trust , " Farthing told CNN . "  The Afghans did it as a favor to us . We paid for some of their fuel and their costs , but it was fantastic . It was them helping us out . They did n't have to do it . It shows that the people of Afghanistan and us , we can work together . " In the end , most of the dogs made it to Kabul , but not without casualties . Two were left behind for lack of room in the taxi , and two more escaped along the way when a car door was accidentally left open . Three of the largest puppies were stolen , probably for dog fighting . Three dogs and eleven puppies finally made it to the shelter , but nine of the puppies later died due to an outbreak of disease and shortage of vaccines . Sainsbury , of Mayhew International , says the story of the Now Zad dogs and of Bear shows their efforts can help animals , even if it 's just one at a time . Mayhew International works with organizations already established in developing countries to plan mass sterilization drives that reduce the number of unwanted animals . They also train veterinary surgeons in modern neutering techniques that are quick and humane . "  The way that war makes looking after animal welfare harder is quite clear , " Sainsbury said . "  Animal welfare gets forgotten and it becomes a back-burner because organizations ... that were working in those war-torn countries will probably be unable to operate any longer . They 'll be unable to aid the populations of stray and community animals which would rely on their help originally . " Mayhew CEO Caroline Yates said staff have no idea how long it will take for Bear to find a new home . They hope the publicity surrounding his arrival in Britain will encourage people to think about adopting him . Yates said they hope to have him adopted within a month . Said Farthing , "  To be able to help just one -LSB- dog -RSB- is a reward in itself and a huge step to highlighting the undocumented suffering that animals in all war zones are subjected to . "	Bear the dog was born into poverty , had ears and tail chopped off for dogfighting Unknown soldier in Afghanistan first found Bear last year Royal Marines made preparations with company and locals to transport dogs Marine : "  It shows that the people of Afghanistan and us , we can work together "
CNN  -- On Wednesday , I wrote a not-at-all controversial column on this website titled , "  The argument for eating dog . " The piece ran with a visual essay on CNN Photos about the illegal dog meat trade in Southeast Asia , which is just awful to look at . I argued that the dog trade should be cleaned up and made more humane -- but that the same should happen to factory farms here in the United States . The crux of the argument was this : If we think dog should n't be eaten -- like , ever , regardless of how clean the trade is and how quick the kill -- then maybe we should think about the other animals we eat , and if and why we do n't feel the same way about them . Is it because we spend so much time with dogs -- looking into their eyes , talking to them , walking them , picking up their crap -- that we understand that they are living , breathing , feeling beings ? Would we feel that way about other animals if we could hang out more ? The implication : Eating pig , another highly intelligent animal , is just like eating dog . If we do n't want to eat dog -- which I said I did n't -- maybe we should rethink pig and the rest . The Internet had deeper suspicions . And they turned out to be pretty hilarious . Someone claimed to leak an image from my new CNN "  show , " which ostensibly features me cooking up chihuahua and plopping a Pekingese into a pot for our viewers . It 's not real , of course . But some of you seemed to fear that it was . Mashable compiled a list of "  23 People Who Really Do n't Want CNN to Eat Their Dogs . " Among them , @gourmetspud : The Week wrote that I made "  social media explode . " Others pointed to an irony in my Twitter bio , which says I 'm "  rooting for the world 's underdogs . " When I 'm not writing quick columns to go with CNN Photos posts , I run a project at CNN called Change the List , which tries to raise awareness about bottom-of-the-list places . But in the context of the dog piece , I get how weird that looks . Some guy changed it to "  sauteing the world 's underdogs . " One of my colleagues here in Atlanta printed out the image of me with the chef 's hat and a dalmatian in each hand and taped it to the wall in the newsroom . It got me thinking about how ridiculous -- and awesomely absurd -- it would be if that show actually came to fruition , especially since I 'm an advocate for treating animals humanely . Maybe the premier could feature the ethics of pizza delivery dogs . We could call it "  BRING ME YOUR PUPPIES ! " On CNN , 9 p.m. ET . Right after "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " Guest host : Sarah McLachlan . Mostly , I feel #sorrynotsorry about the "  controversy " that column created . I stand by the argument that eating dog is morally parallel to eating pig -- another intelligent , friendly creature . And , to be clear , I 'm not saying people should eat dog . I 'm saying we should rethink what we eat and why . But apparently America does n't want to look in that mirror . It 's way more fun to say you hope I 'll get eaten by a cannibal . A genuine thank you to Mashable , The Daily Dot , The Week and others for helping me round up the most hilarious responses to the column .	John Sutter responds to criticism of his column on the ethics of eating dog Sutter : "  To be clear , I 'm not saying people should eat dog " "  I 'm saying we should rethink what we eat and why " Social media "  explodes " over a tweet about the column , as The Week put it
Rome  CNN  -- A boat carrying as many as 500 people capsized and caught fire off the Italian island of Lampedusa , the nation 's coast guard told CNN on Thursday . At least 110 people died , a doctor with the local health department said . Antonio Candela said that 154 people had been rescued in the ongoing operation . Lampedusa 's boat people : One man 's story Lampedusa , not far from Sicily and the closest Italian island to Africa , has become a destination for tens of thousands of refugees seeking to enter European Union countries -- and such deadly shipwrecks are all too common . The latest boat to sink is thought to have been carrying up to 500 people . Those aboard include Eritreans , Somalis and Ghanaians , the coast guard said , and the boat is believed to have launched from Libya 's coast . CNN forecasters said there were some gusting winds and showers Thursday morning in the region but no weather conditions significant enough to be likely to sink a boat . According to Italian media reports , the vessel sank near Rabbit Beach , also known as Rabbit Island , which was recently voted one of the best beaches in the world by Trip Advisor . The survivors are being taken to Lampedusa 's main port , where authorities have the facilities to help them . The bodies of those who did n't make it are also being moved there . Images from the scene showed some lined up in body bags on a quayside . The head of the U.N. refugee agency , Antonio Guterres , praised the efforts of the Italian coast guard but said he was "  dismayed at the rising global phenomenon of migrants and people fleeing conflict or persecution and perishing at sea . " Another 13 men drowned off Italy 's southern coast Monday when they attempted to swim ashore , the U.N agency said in a statement . It is working with countries in the region to find "  effective alternatives " so people do n't risk their lives trying to make perilous journeys by sea , it said . Migrant ship sinks in Mediterranean killing 10 Dehydrated , burned Last week , the Italian coast guard rescued a ship bound for Lampedusa from Tunisia that had 398 Syrian refugees on board . There is generally a spike in migrants coming to the island -- which has 6,000 full-time residents -- in the summer because the seas are calmer . Migrants who spoke to CNN 's Eric Marrapodi last week in Lampedusa said they typically spent a day or two at sea in boats that are barely seaworthy . Those who arrive generally have no papers and seek asylum in Italy . They spend anywhere from a day to a week on Lampedusa before moving to another city on the mainland . At the detention center where they first take the migrants , the coast guard said , they had 1,250 migrants in a space designed for 250 . A Navy doctor said that typically those who arrive are treated for dehydration , sun exposure , and gasoline burns , because they 're so packed into the boats the fuel splashes and burns the skin . A Navy commander said the service has been working with Thuraya , a satellite phone company , to try to make sure that it gets the coordinates of migrants sent out on boats by traffickers before they come to harm . 12 Chinese fishermen rescued , 58 still missing after typhoon sinks boat Overcrowded boats Just under 115 kilometers  70 miles  from Tunisia , the island has been the first point of entry to Europe for more than 200,000 refugees and irregular migrants who have passed through the island since 1999 . But boats carrying migrants often are in peril at sea . In recent years , the Italian Coast Guard says it has been involved in the rescue of more than 30,000 refugees around the island . Izabella Cooper , a spokeswoman for the European Union 's border control agency , Frontex , told CNN that migrants are often sent to sea in overcrowded vessels without the engine power to make such a long and dangerous journey . Since the start of the year , Frontex -- which supports the efforts of individual EU member states -- has helped save more than 16,000 lives in search-and-rescue operations , she said . While Italy is the current focus of efforts by migrants and asylum-seekers hoping to enter the European Union , Cooper said , that has not always been the case . "  Seven years ago it was the Canary Islands , then the pressure moved to the central Mediterranean , then it moved to Greece -- then with the Arab Spring , it moved back to Italy , " she said . "  There are definitely too many lives lost and definitely too many tragedies in the Mediterranean . " Rights group Amnesty International called for both Italy and the European Union to do more to safeguard the thousands who risk their lives each year in the hope of protection or a better life . "  It is high time the Italian authorities and the EU increase their search-and-rescue capacity and co-operation in the Mediterranean Sea , rather than concentrating resources on closing off the borders , " said Jezerca Tigani , deputy director of Amnesty International 's Europe and Central Asia Program . "  More must be done to prevent further loss of life in the future . " Risk for a better life ends in death for 22 people near Indonesia Pope 's prayers Pope Francis , who visited the tiny island near Sicily this summer to pray for refugees and migrants lost at sea , echoed that call . During his visit to Lampedusa in July , Pope Francis criticized what he called "  global indifference " to the island 's refugee crisis . And in a statement issued by the Vatican Thursday , Francis called for concerted action to prevent more tragedies like the Lampedusa shipwreck . "  It is a disgrace ! " he said . "  Let 's pray together with God for those who have lost their lives : men , women , children and for the families of all the refugees . Let 's bring our forces together so tragedies like these ones do n't happen again . " A risky journey According to a briefing published by the U.N. refugee agency in July , the peak crossing period for migrants and asylum-seekers runs from May to September . The agency estimates that 8,400 migrants and asylum-seekers landed on the coasts of Italy and Malta in the first six months of this year , all but 600 of them in Italy . Most departed from North Africa , principally Libya , for the perilous journey across the Mediterranean , one of the busiest seaways in the world . The migrants and asylum seekers chiefly come from countries in sub-Saharan Africa , particularly Somalia and Eritrea , it said . Others originate from Syria , Egypt or Pakistan , and smaller numbers from Gambia , Mali and Afghanistan . The U.N. refugee agency recorded some 40 deaths in the first six months of 2013 , a figure based on interviews with survivors of the crossing . For 2012 as a whole , some 15,000 migrants and asylum-seekers reached Italy and Malta -- and almost 500 people were reported dead or missing at sea , it said . The U.N. agency credits the efforts of the Italian coast guard and Maltese armed forces for a reduction in migrant deaths in the first half of 2013 compared with the previous year . More than 100 missing after illegal migrant boat sinks off Bangladesh CNN 's Hada Messia and Ben Wedeman reported in Rome and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Eric Marrapodi contributed reporting from Lampedusa . CNN 's Nina Dos Santos , Kirsten Dewar and Saskya Vandoorne also contributed to this report .	NEW : 154 people have been rescued after boat capsizes and burns , a doctor says Pope Francis calls for concerted action to prevent future tragedies like this Lampedusa is a major destination for refugees seeking to enter the EU from Africa
CNN  Al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra has taken over key districts of Idlib suburbs in northwestern Syria , ousting U.S.-backed Syrian rebels from their strongholds and raising fears of their wider ascendance in northern Syria , monitors and activists say . The Islamist militant group , also known as al-Nusra Front , pushed the Syrian Revolutionary Front and the Hazm Movement out of the Idlib suburbs of Jabal al-Zawia and Jisr Alshugur , said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group . One observer suggested the al-Nusra moves had taken about 70 % of the territory once held by moderates . But these moderates held little sway within military circles of the rebel movement , and they had influence mostly because of their links to the U.S. Like ISIS , al-Nusra Front is trying to establish an Islamic state , though primarily in Syria . It has emerged as one of the most effective groups fighting the Syrian regime , drawing on foreign fighters with combat experience in Iraq and elsewhere . The group has claimed hundreds of attacks in several cities , including suicide bombings , and is responsible for the deaths of "  numerous innocent Syrians , " the U.S. State Department said . Islamist rivals in Syria find a common enemy in ` crusaders ' coalition One focal point of the al-Nusra offensive was Syrian Revolutionary Front leader Jamaal Marouf , long seen as a moderate benefiting from U.S. assistance . He appeared in an online video saying that he had decided to withdraw from Jabal al-Zawia , his hometown , to stop further loss of life and that al-Nusra had killed more Syrians than the regime . However , there were reports the two sides were considering talks and a Sharia court may be used to arbitrate if Marouf personally appeared . There were also reports of defections from moderates to al-Nusra . One activist said many fighters were pressured by their families to defect as al-Nusra was popular in their hometowns . There are concerns that al-Nusra was moving to homogenize its control of the Idlib area , where it has long been dominant , and might target a key border crossing . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that al-Nusra fighters have mobilized in the town of Sarmada , near the Turkish-Syrian border crossing of Bab Al Hawa , leading to fears they may seek to take over that key border post . CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	U.S.-backed Syrian rebels have been ousted from their strongholds , monitors say Reports say moderates , pressured by family , have defected to al-Nusra There are concerns that al-Nusra might target a key crossing at the Turkish border Like ISIS , al-Nusra Front is trying to establish an Islamic state , though primarily in Syria
CNN  -- Astounding . Risky . Quitter . And that 's what fellow conservatives had to say Sunday about Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and her decision to step down with 18 months left in her term . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin announced Friday that she will step down this month . Democrats left it to Republican and conservative voices to assess what Friday 's unexpected announcement by Palin means for her and a possible run for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination . For example , Vice President Joe Biden called it a personal decision , offering no analysis of why she did it . By contrast , those on the political right acknowledged that they did n't know what to make of it . Karl Rove , the "  architect " of George W. Bush 's successful presidential campaigns , said the resignation left many of Palin 's fellow Republicans "  a little perplexed . " "  It 's a risky strategy , " Rove told "  Fox News Sunday . " "  Astounding , " was the pronouncement by Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa , and conservative columnist George Will said Palin was declaring herself a quitter . Palin , who was Sen. John McCain 's vice presidential candidate in the 2008 election , said she already knew she would not seek a second term and decided against being a lame duck governor for the next 18 months . She also complained that too much time and too many taxpayer dollars were going toward fighting ethics investigations and that the mainstream media were continuing with unfair attacks on her and her family . Some analysts believe that Palin will seek the 2012 Republican presidential nomination and that her resignation is intended to free her to prepare . Rove , whom Bush dubbed "  the Architect " for managing his successful presidential campaigns in 2000 and 2004 , said stepping down now wo n't lessen the media spotlight on Palin . In fact , he said , leaving the governor 's office takes away her platform for controlling her agenda and message . "  The media , if she wants to run for president , is going to be following her for the next 3 1/2 years , " said Rove , who called the move unclear and therefore a potentially harmful strategy for a politician . "  Effective strategies in politics are ones that are so clear and obvious that people can grasp . ... It 's not clear what she 's doing and why . " iReport.com : Share thoughts on Palin stepping down Grassley told the CBS program "  Face the Nation " that he had "  no insight into why she did it . " "  I would think , if you want to run for president -- and I 'm not sure that 's got anything to do with what she 's doing -- that the forum of a governorship would be a better forum than just being a private citizen , " the veteran senator said . Will told the ABC program "  This Week " that he had "  no idea why she did this . " "  The one that rings most hollow is , she does n't want to put Alaska through the terror of -LSB- her -RSB- being a lame-duck governor , " Will said . "  If she is just weary of it , one can understand that . Still , she made a contract with -LSB- voters -RSB- to serve out her term . And she said , in her own words , she now is a quitter . " Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska criticized Palin 's decision as abandoning the state 's voters . Palin defeated Murkowski 's father the gubernatorial election in 2006 . But Alaska Lt. Gov. Sean Parnell , also on the Fox program , said Sunday that Murkowski 's statement disappointed him because it failed to recognize all that Palin has accomplished in her 2 1/2 years in office . "  She does n't need a title to effect change and bring some hope to people who need it , " said Parnell , a Republican who stands to become governor when Palin steps down this month . iReport.com : Conservative says Palin decision "  not a smart move " Palin had no public appearances Sunday , but she encouraged her followers via Twitter to ignore the pundits . "  Critics are spinning , so hang in there as they feed false info on the right decision made as I enter last yr in office to not run again , " her Twitter message said . In an Independence Day message to supporters , Palin said she was leaving office for a "  higher calling . " "  How sad that Washington and the media will never understand ; it 's about country , " Palin said in a statement attributed to her on her Facebook page . "  And though it 's honorable for countless others to leave their positions for a higher calling and without finishing a term , of course we know by now , for some reason a different standard applies for the decisions I make . But every American understands what it takes to make a decision because it 's right for all , including your family . " Palin said her administration had "  accomplished more during this one term than most governors do in two . " "  We have accomplished so much , and there 's much more to do , but my family and I determined after prayerful consideration that sacrificing my title helps Alaska most , " she said . "  And once I decided not to run for re-election , my decision was that much easier . I 've never been one to waste time or resources . " iReport.com : "  No solid explanation " from Palin Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , who ran unsuccessfully for the Republican presidential nomination in 2008 , noted that Palin will remain in the media spotlight regardless of whether she is governor . "  The challenge that she 's going to have is that there will be people who will say , ` Look , if they chased you out of this , it wo n't get any easier at other levels , ' " Huckabee said . "  It could be a brilliant strategy . The point is , we do n't know . " Huckabee called a presidential campaign "  brutal " and said a Republican primary will ratchet up the pressure on Palin . "  When your opponents within your own team spend millions of dollars to redefine you , it 's very , very difficult , " Huckabee said . CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand and Shirley Hung contributed to this story .	Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's fellow conservatives question decision to resign Columnist George Will says Palin is declaring herself a quitter Some analysts believe move intended to free her to prepare for presidential run Palin : Once I decided not to run for another term , I did n't want to be lame duck
Beijing  CNN  In China , you can often tell what the Communist Party is thinking by watching TV . For years , the typical on-screen Chinese family looked something like this : Glowing parents doting over one precious child . The taglines drummed it home : "  One hope . " "  One joy . " "  One responsibility . " Lately , the perfect television family has changed . In a recent commercial , a boy begrudgingly shares a toy with his younger sister , then they all gather together with a large brood to watch the televised Lunar New Year Gala . The message appears to be : Two is better than one . The change is extraordinary . Since the early 1980s , the Party has enforced a draconian one-child policy on most Chinese to curb population growth . When the propaganda did n't work , local officials have resorted to abortions , heavy fines , and forced sterilization . It 's perhaps the most hated policy in China . Now , under relaxed restrictions announced just over a year ago , couples like Yang Xue and Chang Zi'an , both professionals working in Beijing , are eligible for a second child to join their baby girl -- 11-month-old Tao Zi , or Little Peach . Chang was an only child but sometimes wished for a sibling while growing up . "  Once my cousin visited and we shared a bed for several nights , " says Chang , now an engineer . "  I enjoyed that feeling . I wished I had a brother who could share a bed with me every night . " Chang and his young family live in Tongzhou , on the eastern outskirts of Beijing , where high rise apartments compete with mega malls . Some call the area "  Tong-afornia , " because its sprawl of young professionals is a bit like parts of the Golden State . They are ideal candidates , it would seem , to have a second child . The Party is in a race against the clock . China faces a rapidly aging population and shrinking workforce . The government says the country could become home to the most elderly population on the planet in just 15 years , with more than 400 million over the age of 60 . Researchers say healthcare and social services will all be burdened by the greying population , and the world 's second largest economy will struggle to maintain its growth . "  China has already begun to feel an unfolding crisis in terms of its population change , " says Wang Feng , a professor at Fudan University and a leading demographic expert on China . "  History will look back to see the one-child policy as one of the most glaring policy mistakes that China has made in its modern history . " Perhaps surprisingly , Wang says that the one-child policy was both ineffective and unnecessary , since China 's fertility rates were already slowing by the 1980s . The Chinese government still maintains that it was necessary to keep numbers down . But with around 150 million one-child families and a shrinking population , the Chinese government is moving cautiously , rather than doing away with the policy altogether . In January 2014 , China said it would allow couples to have a second baby if the mother or father was an only child themselves . But , to the surprise of many , the new rules have n't yet sparked a baby boom . Nationwide , nearly one million couples have applied to have a second child , state media reported in January . Health officials had said that the policy would lead to as many as two million new births when the policy change was first announced . Yang and Chang both have good jobs , but rent in Tongzhou is sky-high . And they want to send little Tao Zi to a private bilingual English and Chinese pre-school to help her in the ultra-competitive Chinese education system . Even if they were richer , they say they would n't want a second child . "  Money is only part of the problem , " says Yang . "  Your energy and your time is also important . We both have to work . It is hard enough to raise her as a success . It will be miserable if we had to go through that again . " As for his cousin 's sleepovers , Chang wants to clarify . "  It was great having him over , but I was also happy when he went home . " CNN 's Shen Lu contributed to this report	China 's controversial one-child policy was recently relaxed However , there 's been no big rush for a second child Many couples say the financial cost is too great
CNN  -- Gary David Goldberg , the writer and producer who created classic TV comedies "  Family Ties " and "  Spin City , " has died , CNN has confirmed . He was 68 . According to Goldberg 's son-in-law , Rob Dubbin , Goldberg passed away at his Montecito , California , home on June 22 , just three days shy of what would 've been his 69th birthday . The cause was a brain tumor . Goldberg , a Brooklyn native , collected seven Emmy nominations over the course of his career and won two of them . He picked up an outstanding drama series Emmy in 1979 for CBS ' "  Lou Grant , " and an outstanding writing in a comedy series Emmy for "  Family Ties " in 1987 . Goldberg contributed to "  M * A * S * H , " "  The Tony Randall Show " and "  The Bob Newhart Show " during the '70s before taking inspiration from his life and the lives of his friends to create "  Family Ties . " The NBC sitcom , which became a defining series for the network during its seven season run from 1982 to 1989 , centered on the cultural differences between a pair of liberal parents  Meredith Baxter and Michael Gross as Elyse and Steven Keaton  and their more conservative kids who were coming of age during the Reagan administration . A young Michael J. Fox had a breakout role as the Keatons ' son , Alex. Justine Bateman and Tina Yothers played his sisters , Mallory and Jennifer , while Brian Bonsall later joined the series as younger brother Andy . Goldberg teamed up again with Fox in 1996 for the comedy "  Spin City , " which Goldberg co-created with Bill Lawrence . Fox , now 52 , said in a statement that it is with a "  full heart " that he says "  goodbye to my mentor , benefactor , partner , second father and beloved friend , Gary David Goldberg . He touched so many with his enormous talent and generous spirit . He changed my life profoundly . Love to -LSB- his wife -RSB- Diana and all of Gary 's family . " Actress Courteney Cox , who played Lauren Miller on "  Family Ties , " also fondly remembers Goldberg as a supreme educator . "  My thoughts and prayers are with Gary David Goldberg 's family , " she tweeted Monday . "  A wonderful man who taught me so much . " Charlie Sheen , who worked with Goldberg on "  Spin City , " echoed that gratitude in his tweet , calling Goldberg his "  sitcom mentor " and a "  genius . " "  He 's the sole reason I have a TV career , " Sheen wrote . Goldberg , who also created the early '90s drama "  Brooklyn Bridge , " worked in film as well . He wrote the screenplays for 1989 's "  Dad , " 1995 's "  Bye Bye Love " and 2005 's "  Must Love Dogs , " all of which he also produced . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Kevin Kevin Conlon and Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	Gary David Goldberg , who created "  Family Ties " and "  Spin City , " has died He passed away Saturday at his home in Montecito , California He died of a brain tumor ; he was 68
Davos  CNN  -- RICHARD QUEST SAYS : The U.S. bank robber Willie Sutton once famously answered the question on why he robbed banks with the reply , "  because that 's where the money is . " The same should be said for Davos and the issue of inequality . It may stick in Nina 's throat but it is an undeniable truth that it is the people who are attending Davos who can make changes . Frankly , no amount of shouting and protesting will make any difference if those in charge of policy and agendas are n't persuaded by the arguments and decide to do something . And frankly , when it comes to getting all the right people in the same place at the same time , Davos is unique . In Davos during the WEF we have government heads like David Cameron , Shinzo Abe , Tony Abbott and Dilma Rousseff . These are the people who can actually get something done . There is a reason why Pope Francis sent his Cardinal to Davos , and who gave us the quote of the day when he said we must ensure "  humanity is served by wealth and not ruled by it . " This was not a quixotic message ... he knows that if he wants to create the change of greater fairness and equality , those who have power must be on board rather than just bleating about unfairness and hoping someone might listen . This is all about reality rather than fantasy ... From the corporate world , there are CEOs here like Muhtar Kent of Coca Cola , Carlos Ghosn of Renault-Nissan , Bob Dudley of BP and Aliko Dangote Africa 's richest man . Between them they employ hundreds of thousands of people all across the globe . Their companies set working conditions and wage standards for whole sectors of industry , frequently amongst the low paid . Where they lead others will follow , creating a multiplier effect out of proportion to their individual company . Then there are the extra governmental groups like the International Labour Organization and NGOs like Oxfam International who push these agendas hard . Oxfam International 's conclusion that the 85 richest people own half the world 's wealth generated huge interest . The director told me Oxfam came to Davos to warn if we do n't break out of this power and wealth privilege and opportunity then it "  is dangerous . " Nina , with all the players in the same place , at the same time this is the perfect venue to raise such issues . Of course there is the risk that leaders and CEOs choose to ignore these calls for greater equality . If they do that they will be closing their eyes to the warnings from groups like the WEF itself . In its latest Global Risks report WEF says inequality is now the greatest threat to global stability . "  Income disparity is also among the most worrying of issues . It raises concerns about the Great Recession and the squeezing effect it had on the middle classes in developed economies , " opines the WEF . Bearing in mind most companies rely on the middle classes in developed countries to sell goods and services throughout the value chain , dealing with inequality is a matter of brutal enlightened self-interest . It 's simple economics : Global stability equals global growth equals profits . So -- Nina -- you tell me a better place where you can advise , consult and ultimately warn those with so much at stake of the risks of doing nothing . Or perhaps you would like to stand out in the cold . Talking to yourself . I think I would prefer to talk to those who can actually do something . NINA DOS SANTOS SAYS : From 1,500 meters above sea level you get a great view of the world 's big issues . And if you occupy the lofty upper echelons of the ladder -- which many Davos attendees do -- the picture 's even clearer right ? Wrong . You see , Richard , while you may consider yourself at home among the world 's 1 % , the very attributes that make a Davos guest so ideal -- power and money -- often clash with some of the subjects those very delegates are here to tackle . That 's especially true when it comes to this year 's "  theme du jour " : Inequality . Of course getting so many of the world 's decision makers in the same room affords its opportunities . But when they have a vested interest in maintaining the status quo , you have to ask what appetite -- if any -- they would have for change . Also how credible would their views actually be ? Take a look at the thorny subject of executive remuneration , which helps feed today 's inequality spiral and should keep the corporate crowd on their toes this year . In the UK , for instance , the average blue chip boss can earn up to a staggering 185 times the salary of their ordinary worker . And in the U.S. , the chasm looms even wider . I was surprised to hear the CEO of accountancy firm Ernst & Young confess to me on air that he had never investigated the gap between his compensation and that of his more junior staff . "  Should you know this ? " I asked . He protested that he created jobs all around the world . As if that , somehow , makes it okay . Job creation is a valid argument but it does n't detract from the fact that some Davos attendees are so high up the food chain they are either divorced from reality or willfully blind to what does n't affect them . Until it costs them money or votes , which is why , as you point out Richard , the "  squeezed middle " has made its way up the agenda , arguably decades too late . Pope Francis ' decision to send a papal envoy to Davos was a game changer this year . But his message -- read out by Cardinal Turkson -- was n't just about lobbying those in power , it was also about making sure those suffering hardship and financial strain are also represented among the World Economic Forum elites . You see recessions and recovery have a habit of treating the "  haves " and the "  have nots " differently . And while those further down an organization are more likely to face the ax when times are lean , they do n't benefit as much as their bosses when business is better . But do n't take my word for it , Richard . Let the figures speak for themselves . Oxfam 's report about the top 85 fortunes having a stranglehold over the world 's riches has certainly captured public attention but the trend was already well known . A few years ago Branko Milanovic of the World Bank estimated that between 1988 and 2008 , around the world , the highest earners saw their income rise by 60 % while the lowest 5 % have n't witnessed any uptick at all . And that 's just income . Do n't get me started on the wealth gap , where inheritances , better access to capital and contacts amplify the trend . Richard , you say you would prefer to talk to "  those who matter " but I caution you , one can learn a lot from the 99 % who actually staff their firms and fund their government 's trips to Davos . They do the doing rather than the talking . And guess what ? They count just as much . Global economic recovery feeds growing inequality Opinion : Will global elite listen to Pope of poor ?	CNN anchors Richard Quest and Nina dos Santos disagree as to whether Davos can make a difference to inequality Quest argues this meeting of power players is the best forum to make big decisions about global issues Dos Santos argues it is ironic this is where the super-rich are gathering -- and wonders if they will create change Do you believe Davos can make a difference to global inequality ? Tell us in the comments
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo is calling for calm amid a back-and-forth of finger-pointing between activists , police leaders and elected officials following the execution-style murder of two New York City police officers this weekend . Cuomo called for a "  societal deep breath " and a "  cooling off period " this week in a radio interview Monday on New York 's WNYC , calling the heated , inflammatory rhetoric that engulfed the city this weekend unproductive . "  Sometimes with high emotion you stop hearing and processing . And I think that 's where we are now . It 's not productive , it 's potentially destructive , " Cuomo said . "  People have strong feelings . I understand that , I respect that , but I ask people to join me to bring a period of calm this week . " Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani tied the police murders to "  intense , anti-police hatred " among leaders and activists reacting to the non-indictment of two white police officers who killed two unarmed black men in separate instances this summer . And the leader of the city 's largest police union directly blamed New York Mayor Bill de Blasio for the murders , saying the officers ' blood is "  on many hands , " starting "  on the steps of City Hall in the office of the mayor . " When asked if de Blasio had the governor 's full support , Cuomo said the mayor , union leaders and community activists have his "  full support . " Cuomo insisted several times he would not get dragged into the divisive business of assigning blame to anyone . "  I think that is the negative cycle that we are in . I do n't want to point fingers , I do n't want to cast blame , " Cuomo said . "  I think Mayor de Blasio is doing the best he can under very difficult circumstances to hear all sides of the matter . You have polarization in this city and that 's the fundamental issue . You have two different points of view that right now are seemingly irreconcilable . " Cuomo said he was interested in starting a dialogue on reforms to address both Eric Garner 's killing by a police officer this summer and the murder of the two police officers this weekend , but only after a "  cooling off period . " Those reforms would build off of concerns he said he 's heard that range from grand jury secrecy to survivors ' benefits for police officers and whether police car windows should be bulletproof . Cuomo also said the grand jury decision in Garner 's chokehold death at the hands of a police officers "  was seemingly wholly incongruous with what you saw in that video . " Garner 's death was captured on camera , and Garner can be heard saying "  I ca n't breathe " in the video . Cuomo added that "  there are legitimate points " in Garner 's case .	Cuomo called for leaders to calm the rhetoric after two NYPD officers were murdered this weekend Cuomo said he favored a productive conversation after a "  cooling off period " and would n't point fingers Cuomo said the jury decision in the Eric Garner case "  was seemingly wholly incongruous " with the video of his death He added that there were "  legitimate points " in the Garner case
CNN  -- The script for Robocop , a futuristic tale of decline , had a note scribbled on the top of the first page . It read : "  The future left Detroit behind . " As screenwriter Ed Neumeirer recalls , it was a prescient message . That statement has never been more relevant to the American city , after it filed the biggest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history earlier this month with debts around $ 18 billion . Neumeier says that RoboCop was , and still is , a metaphor "  to show the industrial decline in America . " He told CNN : "  The reason Detroit is important is because it 's facing an economic blight that you can imagine happening in a lot of places . " Set in a futuristic Detroit plagued by financial ruin and economic decay , "  RoboCop " -- made in 1987 -- relates how a no-nonsense cyborg law enforcer ends up policing the city 's crime-ridden streets . Written by Neumeier , directed by Paul Verhoeven and mostly filmed in Pittsburgh and Dallas , the film paints Detroit as a once-great metropolis and manufacturing hub laid to waste by outsourcing and mass unemployment . Read more : Detroit 's bankruptcy could spell good-bye for Howdy Doody Neumeier told CNN he battled with producers to ensure Detroit remained the setting for the film , adding the fictional dystopia in "  RoboCop " could easily become a reality when a city is stripped of the industry that ties its communities together . "  In retrospect , the idea of "  RoboCop " really goes back to the car industry " he told CNN . "  The sculpture of it is very much Detroit road-iron ... having grown up in the sixties when the muscle car was so prominent , the notion of cars was very important to me then and ultimately to the formation of RoboCop . " Read more : Why Obama wo n't bailout Detroit The cradle of auto manufacturing in the 1950s and home to the likes of Ford and General Motors , Detroit was once considered the engine of the U.S. economy . But production saw a sharp decline in the 1980s when Japan emerged as a global financial heavyweight and automakers like Nissan began to provide stern competition . Decades of stagnation culminated in an $ 80 billion U.S. government bailout for the automotive industry between 2008-2010 . Watch more : The Motor City sputters to a stop Today , Detroit is a shadow of the economic boomtown it once was . With a population of just over 700,000 , the so-called "  Motor City " is suffering from a 16 % unemployment rate , as automotive jobs have all but disappeared and the mortgage crisis of 2007 hit homeowners hard . Crime also poses a major social threat to Detroit . In 2012 , Forbes named it the most dangerous U.S. city and the most miserable for 2013 . A debt restructuring deal to solve Detroit 's economic woes is likely to mean extreme cuts to public services with retirees receiving just a fraction of their pensions , if plans proposed by emergency manager Kevin Orr go ahead . At a press conference on Friday , in which he discussed the city 's economic demise , Orr said : "  Does anybody think it 's OK to have 40-year-old trees growing through the roofs of dilapidated houses ? " Corporate America In the film , fictional Detroit is propped up by a multinational corporation , called Omni Consumer Products  OCP  , which runs everything from the hospitals to the police force . It also has grand designs to demolish "  Old Detroit " and create an ultra-modern utopia called "  Delta City . " The vulgar and callous corporate age that serves as the backdrop to "  RoboCop " is upon us , according to Neumeier . "  We are increasingly asking corporations to do these things for us ... to provide human services . But their objectives are different to public service needs . " Despite Neumeier 's efforts to remain , as he puts it , "  neutral " to big business in "  RoboCop , " the antihero is a senior executive at OCP , who conspires with gangsters to run Detroit . "  We are now living in the world that I was proposing in RoboCop , " said Neumeier , adding that it showed "  how big corporations will take care of us and . . how they wo n't . " Read more : Detroit : After bankruptcy , then what ? Neumeier believes Detroit now has the opportunity to rebuild and perhaps rebrand itself as the aspirational "  Delta City " portrayed at the start of his film . The one-time gem of the U.S Rust Belt must overcome the expectations of the past , he says , and clean up the ruined parts of the city . He remains optimistic for the future of Detroit . "  There is a cheap and educated labor force . Some kind of high-tech would be good for them ... I would say with the industrial and mechanical legacy there , somebody should start a robotics company . " Neumeier quotes Dick Jones , one of RoboCop 's corporate villains , to sum up the city 's industrial past and potential for a tech-based future : "  Good business is where you find it . " A remake of the cult hit , directed by Jose Padilha and starring Hollywood big-hitters Samuel L. Jackson and Gary Oldman , is set to be released in 2014 . Opinion : How Detroit can rise again	Released in 1987 , RoboCop is set in a futuristic Detroit plagued by financial ruin and economic decay . In 2012 , Forbes named it the most dangerous U.S. city , and crowned it most miserable in 2013 . The U.S. government provided a $ 80 billion bailout for the automotive industry between 2008-2010 .
Gaza City  CNN  -- Exiled Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal arrived in Gaza Friday to a hero 's welcome , two weeks after a bloody fight with Israel that left the group energized and emboldened . He dropped down and kissed the ground after crossing into Gaza from Egypt at the Rafah border crossing . "  We politicians , we owe the people of Gaza , and the entire factions of the resistance , we owe the heroes and martyrs , " Meshaal said . "  if it was n't for you we would have not visited Gaza . " A jubilant crowd lined the road leading from the border crossing into Gaza City . Among the throng were hundreds of jubilant Hamas fighters , wearing fatigues and balaclavas , hoisting AK-47s and RPG launchers , and cheering Meshaal 's first visit to the Palestinian territory . Opinion : With cease-fire , Hamas ' isolation has ended The first appointments on his schedule included visits to the homes of former Hamas leaders and Gaza residents killed in recent years by Israeli 's strikes . Among the stops were the home of the Hamas military leader whose targeted killing by Israel in November opened the recent eight-day conflict , as well as the home where 10 members of one family died in an Israeli airstrike . Saturday , he will participate in a rally celebrating the 25th anniversary of the founding of Hamas . Meshaal , who has led Hamas from exile since 2004 , is making his first visit to Gaza and his first to the Palestinian territories in 45 years . He left the Palestinian West Bank in 1967 at the age of 11 after Israel moved into the territory during the Six-Day War . Israel , under Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , attempted to assassinate him in 1997 . "  I say this my third birth , " Meshaal told supporters , saying the first was his natural birth in 1956 , while the second followed the attempted assassination . "  And this moment today , December 7 , 2012 , this I consider it to be my third birth , Meshaal said . "  And I ask God for our fourth birth with the entire liberation of Palestine . " Read more : What is Hamas ? The goal of Hamas is an Islamic fundamentalist Palestinian state . Its manifesto advocates the destruction of the state of Israel , and calls for the raising of "  the banner of Allah over every inch of Palestine . " Hamas members , like most Palestinian factions and political parties , insist that Israel is an occupying power , and that the group is simply trying to liberate the Palestinian territories . Israel , the United States and other Western countries label Hamas a terrorist organization . The United States has also listed Meshaal as a terrorist since 2003 . Hamas leader tells Amanpour his group was n't behind bombing Meshaal has previously said the group would support a Palestinian state based on the borders that existed prior to the 1967 Six-Day War , during which Israeli troops occupied Gaza , the West Bank , the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem . The state would have East Jerusalem as its capital , he said . However , he has stopped short of backing a full two-state solution , including acceptance of Israel 's right to exist . He has long advocated a role for the threat of violence in forcing peace with Israel . "  You are successful in negotiation and in imposing your conditions on the enemy depending on the number of power cards you have on the ground , " the Congressional Research Service quoted Meshaal as saying , citing a Jordanian newspaper . That perspective will be in full view in Saturday 's rally . Meshaal will speak to the assembled throng from a platform beneath a replica of the Qassam rockets fired at Israel during the recent conflict , in which 160 Palestinians and six Israelis died . The inscription on the rocket ? "  Made in Gaza . " Read more : Palestinian UN bid explained CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Kareem Khadder and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal receives a hero 's welcome in Gaza NEW : "  We owe the heroes and martyrs , " Meshaal says He is in Gaza to mark the 25th anniversary of the founding of Hamas The visit comes two weeks after the end of a bloody conflict with Israel
CNN  -- For the second straight year , Taylor Swift won entertainer of the year at the Academy of Country Music Awards . "  I want to say to my fellow nominees in this category , I respect you so much and I love you , " said the 22-year-old star , who was the only female nominated in the category this year . She beat out Kenny Chesney , Jason Aldean , Brad Paisley and Blake Shelton . "  To the fans for voting , thank you for doing this . This is exciting , " she said . "  Thank you ! " Swift 's award was the last to be handed out Sunday night in Las Vegas during the 47th annual awards show . Earlier winners included Lady Antebellum and country power couple , Shelton and Miranda Lambert . Lambert snagged top awards for female vocalist of the year and album of the year for "  Four the Record . " "  I own every record in this category and I 've been listening and listening , thinking -- man , not going to get it . Every record is amazing and I 'm so thrilled , " she said after winning the album award . Her husband , who hosted the show alongside Reba McEntire for the second year in a row , won male vocalist of the year . Lady Antebellum , which led in group nominations with five , won the vocal group of the year award , while American Idol alum Scotty McCreery took home the award for new artist . The Eli Young Band walked away with one of the first awards of the night -- song of the year -- for "  Crazy Girl . " Sunday 's show featured performances by Carrie Underwood , Keith Urban , Toby Keith , Brad Paisley and Sara Evans , among others . About an hour and a half into the show , which was broadcast by CBS , a real-life couple took to the stage to get married as Martina McBride and Pat Monahan sang the song "  Marry me . " Chesney had been up for nine awards , the most of any artist , while Swift led solo female nominations with three . Chesney has won entertainer of the year four times since 2004 . His domination of the country music awards included a nomination for male vocalist of the year , his 10th ; two album of the year nods for "  Hemingway 's Whiskey ; " double nominations for single record of the year and vocal event of the year as artist and producer on "  You and Tequila . " That tune was also up for song of the year . Swift was nominated for entertainer of the year for the third year in a row , female vocalist for a fifth year and for video of the year for "  Mean . " Keith 's homage to the ubiquitous party drink container -- "  Red Solo Cup " -- was honored with three ACM nominations , including for video of the year and a double nomination as artist and producer for single record of the year . The list of first-time nominees included Grace Potter with three , Aaron Lewis with two , and Thompson Square and Love and Theft earned single nominations .	Taylor Swift retains her title as ACM entertainer of the year Host Blake Shelton wins male vocalist of the year A real-life couple gets married on stage to "  Marry Me " Shelton and Reba McEntire host the annual awards show on CBS
Washington  CNN  -- The 2014 midterm elections brought a historic victory for Republicans , handing the GOP its largest congressional majority since World War II . But Tuesday night also tallied an impressive list of historic firsts at the individual level . Tim Scott became the first African-American from the South elected to the Senate since Reconstruction , according to the Charleston Post and Courier . The last black Senator was Blanche Kelso Bruce , who left the chamber 133 years ago . Scott also became the first African-American to be elected to both the House and the Senate . Mia Love became the first black Republican woman elected to Congress -- ever . Love , who is a first-generation American , will also become the first Haitian-American to serve in Congress , according to the Washington Post . Joni Ernst smashed a couple of glass ceilings of her own , becoming the first woman to represent Iowa in either house of Congress and the first female combat veteran ever elected to the Senate , according to the Washington Free Beacon . Shelley Moore Capito cruised to victory in West Virginia to become the first woman elected to the Senate from her state . Tom Cotton is the first Iraq War and the first Afghanistan war veteran to be elected to the Senate . But he wo n't be the first Iraq War veteran to serve in the Senate : Sen. John Walsh , who led a combat battalion in Iraq , was appointed to fill Montana Sen. Max Baucus ' Senate seat earlier this year but dropped his bid for a full term after a plagiarism scandal killed his campaign . The North Carolina Senate race was the most expensive Senate race ever after outside groups dropped more than $ 81 million on top of more than $ 32 million spent by the candidates , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . The number of women in Congress will reach 100 for the first time in U.S. history . Gina Raimondo will be Rhode Island 's first female governor . The Democrat was elected after some high-level campaign stumping with President Barack Obama , First Lady Michelle Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary -- not all at the same time , of course . Elise Stefanik , who is 30 , became the youngest woman ever elected to Congress after snagging the seat representing New York 's 21st Congressional District , according to ABC News .	Buried in the midterm news were several historic firsts among newly elected legislators Tim Scott became the first black senator elected in the South since Reconstruction Joni Ernst was the first elected female combat veteran to the Senate
CNN  -- It might not make up for losing the Wimbledon final but in his first meeting with Andy Murray since last July , Novak Djokovic got a slice of revenge . The Serbian world No. 2 elbowed defending champion Murray out of the Miami Masters , but not without a spot of controversy . Djokovic sealed a 7-5 6-3 victory with some trademark tennis but was given a helping hand by a debatable call towards the end of the first set . Although the umpire allowed Djokovic 's winner to stand , replays appeared to show the 26-year-old had reached over the net to play what proved a decisive volley . Read more : Venus Williams has ` nothing to lose ' Murray questioned the call , speaking to both his opponent and the official before play continued , and Djokovic wrapped up the opening set 7-5 . The Briton defeated Djokovic in straight sets on his way to a second grand slam title at Wimbledon in 2013 and the Serbian repeated the feat in front of a sunkissed Miami crowd . Although Murray earned a break to lead 3-2 in the second , Djokovic roared back to win the next four games and wrap up the match in 90 minutes . Murray , who recently parted company with coach Ivan Lendl , showed signs of getting back to his best after a spell on the sidelines with a back injury . As for Djokovic , he will face Japan 's Kei Nishikori in the semifinals as he bids to win his second title of 2014 , hot on the heels of his triumph at Indian Wells . Nishikori upset Indian Wells finalist Roger Federer , coming from behind to triumph 3-6 7-5 6-4 against the two-time Miami champion . In the women 's draw , Dominika Cibulkova booked a likely place in the top-10 in the world rankings with a hard-fought 3-6 7-6 6-3 victory over Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska . Cibulkova , from Slovakia , battled for two-and-a-half hours before finally sealing a semifinals clash with China 's world No. 2 Li Na -- who beat former top-ranked Dane Caroline Wozniacki 7-5 7-5 . It will be a replay of January 's Australian Open final , which Li won . "  This win really means a lot to me , " Cibulkova said during an on-court interview after a win which should see her make a first ever appearance in the world 's top 10 on Monday . "  It 's always tough to play Aga , but I knew I just had to stay aggressive . If you make some mistakes with Aga you still have to stay aggressive . "  That 's the way I play , and it 's the only way to beat her . I just had to keep going . " "  I knew before the match that this was the match I needed to win to become top 10 , " she added . "  So it was some more pressure , but I 'm obviously very happy with the way I handled it today . " Read more : Del Potro out for rest of 2014 ?	Novak Djokovic knocks defending champion Andy Murray out of the Miami Masters The world No. 2 edges past long-time rival 7-5 6-3 in controversial match Murray aggrieved at umpire 's call when Djokovic appeared to reach over net Dominika Cibulkova books semifinal berth after beating Agnieszka Radwanska
CNN  -- Mike Tyson has always relied on a fighter 's instinct -- both in and out of the boxing ring . The American was once idolized as the youngest heavyweight champion of the world only to be swiped off his pedestal by criminal convictions and drug addictions . But at the age of 47 , and long since retired from the ring , the provocative pugilist told CNN he is only now facing his biggest battle . "  Being responsible - that 's going to be the most difficult fight in my life , " Tyson told CNN 's Rachel Nichols for her Unguarded series . "  I 've never been responsible before . Just being a good husband and a good father . This is the biggest fight . This is the fight I 'm taking with open arms . " Tyson , who is married to Kiki , his third wife , and has fathered eight children , is determined to focus on his family and a new generation of young boxers after a high-profile and controversial career . Fatherhood for the man dubbed "  Iron Mike " is framed against his own experience as a shy kid turned street fighter growing up in the Brownsville area of Brooklyn . "  Drugs , thefts , gang infested , crime infested , " Tyson recalled of his childhood neighborhood . "  No hope . "  To this day , I ca n't figure how from there , at that particular time , I made it to where I am now . " A teenage Tyson , by now spending time in a reform school , found an exit when his talents in the ring were spotted by respected trainer Cus D'Amato . At the age of 18 , Tyson turned professional and was soon undefeated in 22 bouts . Two years later , in 1986 , the young American knocked out Trevor Berbick to become the youngest heavyweight world champion in history . Tyson went undefeated for another four years but , with the benefit of hindsight , he now sees that heady era of fame and fortune very differently . "  I do n't like that time in my life , " Tyson continued . "  I did n't like the person I was back then . "  Even with all that money and all that success I had , I did n't get anything done . My kids never saw me . I was a horrible father . " There were more life lessons for Tyson when in 1992 he was found guilty of rape and sentenced to 10 years in prison . On his release , the Brooklyn boxer returned to the ring but controversy soon followed in the infamous "  bite fight " against Evander Holyfield . During the duo 's second heavyweight title bout in 1997 , Tyson chewed off a chunk of Holyfield 's ear . He was later served with a one-year boxing ban . But just as Tyson 's reflections of the highs have changed over time , the same can be said of these low points . Commenting on the so-called "  bite fight " Tyson said : "  Even though I was an undisciplined it was the only way I could get any kind of relief . "  I 'm sad I bit his ear . I really am sorry because I like Evander , he 's a good guy , a really good guy . " Of the rape charges , Tyson contemplated : "  That may cause more controversy in my life , but that 's not the lowest moment of my life . " In his interview with Nichols , he describes the tragic death of his four-year-old daughter Exodus in 2009 as his nadir . The highlights for the 47-year-old Tyson , who is tentatively clean from his addictions , remain ahead . "  I 'm accomplishing so much and getting so much done now as a human being , than I could 've ever done back then in the prime of my fighting career , " he explained . "  The best I am , and the best I 've ever been , is right now . This is the best I 'm going to ever be , compared to who I was before . " Tyson retired from the ring in 2005 and has been fighting his way out of bankruptcy with a one-man Broadway show , cameos in Hollywood films and now as author of his autobiography "  Undisputed Truth . " There is also a new project that may bring his career full circle . Tyson , under the umbrella of Iron Mike Productions , is now working as a promoter for a batch of promising young boxers . "  I 'll give them the best advice I possibly can , " said Tyson . "  I 'm just never gon na baby them . This is just what it is , you know . "  They have to be responsible , like I was n't . I was n't a responsible fighter . " Out of the ring , Tyson , with his trademark black tattoo arcing over his left eye , is looking for responsibility and perhaps even redemption at last .	Mike Tyson found fame as the youngest heavyweight world champion in 1986 The American now says : "  I did n't like the person I was back then " Tyson , who spent time in jail , says being responsible is now his biggest fight At 47 , Tyson hopes to use his life lessons to help young boxers
EW.com  -- The weekend of July 4th is a time for doing American things : grilling , watching fireworks , ignoring zoning restrictions and setting off your own fireworks . But shenanigans are tiring , you know ? The sun will give you a sunburn . The grill will make your clothes smell like smoke . We at EW much prefer to test our endurance in other ways , mostly by watching TV . There 's a whole set of marathons on for the weekend , some highly publicized  can you make it through three straight days of The Walking Dead ?  , some obscure and ready for love  a marathon of the animated Transformers series , which is surely better than seeing the new movie in theaters  . We 've compiled a list from Friday through Sunday below . Trust us , this is way better than a weekend at the beach . Note : All listings are ET MULTIPLE DAYS The Walking Dead , AMC 9 a.m. July 4 -- 9 p.m. July 6 Bonus points if you do n't turn into a zombie after downing four straight seasons . Batman  1966  , IFC 6 a.m. -- 5:15 p.m. July 4 and July 5 Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na ... Masters of Sex , Showtime 6 p.m. -- 12 a.m. July 4 and July 5 Make sure you 're all set in time for the sexy show 's second season . American Ninja Warrior , Esquire 6 a.m. -- 6 p.m. July 4 , 9:30 a.m. -- 5:30 p.m. July 6 Two whole days of sitting on your couch thinking "  nah man , I could totally make that jump . " EW : Summer TV Swaps : 10 July Series to Try If You Like . . NCIS , USA 6 a.m. -- 8 p.m. July 4 , 9 a.m. -- 12 a.m. July 6 Subconsciously , you already knew there would be a NCIS marathon from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m. on July 4 and another from 9 a.m. to 12 a.m. on July 6 , 2014 . The NCIS marathon is a cycle embedded in the natural movements of the world , as certain as rhythm of a heartbeat or the migration of the swallow . FRIDAY , JULY 4 BBQ Pitmasters , Destination America 6 a.m. -- 4 p.m. . A marathon designed to make you feel bad about how bad you are at barbecuing . Keeping Up with the Kardashians , E! 7 a.m. -- 2 p.m. . This marathon does not last as long as it took Kanye to edit that wedding photo . America : The Story of US , History 7 a.m. -- 7 p.m. Catch up on all you forgot from high school . The Twilight Zone , SyFy 8 a.m. -- 8 p.m. , then 12 a.m. -- 4 a.m. July 5 Three hours in , Rod Serling will replace the voice of your internal narration . Star Trek : The Next Generation , BBC America 8 a.m. -- 6 a.m. July 5 Three hours in , Patrick Stewart will replace the voice of your internal narration . Dirty Jobs , Animal Planet 9 a.m. -- 4 p.m. No word on whether animals will be the ones performing said jobs . Food Paradise , Travel Channel 9:00 a.m. -- 7:00 p.m. . In the words of Liz Lemon , "  I want to go to there . " The Andy Griffith Show , TVLand 9 a.m. -- 9 p.m. Is today 's world too exhausting for you ? Then retreat back into the beautiful rural North Carolina of yesteryear , where nothing will hurt you . The Real Housewifes of New Jersey , Bravo 9:35 a.m. -- 3:16 p.m. Is today 's world too exhausting for you ? Then retreat back into the beautiful rural New Jersey of yesteryear where nothing will hurt you . Oh , never mind . Just watch the show . Transformers , Hub 11:00 a.m. -- 7:30 p.m. Beginning with "  Transformers Rescue Bots , " continuing through "  Transformers : The Animated Movie , " and ending with "  Transformers Prime Beast Hunters : Predacons Rising . " Is the last one even a logical title ? Who cares , you 're an inventor ! Awkard. , MTV 11:34 a.m. -- 6 p.m. Like , OMG . If you watch old episodes over again , will Jenna choose a different guy ? Independence Day , Encore 12 a.m. -- 1 a.m. July 5 This is n't a TV show , per se , but it is a full day of WILL SMITH FIGHTING ALIENS . WELCOME TO EARTH . Sex and the City , E! 2 p.m. -- midnight Your day will consists entirely of segues and bad puns . Oprah : Where are they now ? OWN 6 p.m. -- 2 a.m. Includes an all-new episode with Geraldo , Terry McMillan , and "  the shark attack survivor . " SATURDAY , JULY 5 Undercover Boss , OWN 10 a.m. -- 4 p.m. Pitch for an episode : Oprah goes undercover on her own network . EW : ` The Walking Dead ' : Norman Reedus promises a ` badass ' season 5 Will & Grace , WeTV 10 a.m. -- 8 p.m. Karen , Jack , Grace , Will . #obviouspowerrankings Ridiculousness , MTV 12 p.m. -- 10 p.m. Midway through an episode of this clip show , gesture at your TV and say , "  What is this -LSB- insert show name -RSB- ? " Only in America with Larry the Cable Guy , History 1 p.m. -- 7 p.m. Includes episodes titled "  Larry Is Amish , " "  Larry Becomes Statuesque , " and "  Naked Cowboys & Reptile Wrangling . " Life with La Toya , OWN 4 p.m. -- 2:00 a.m. July 6 In some way , this is the perfect complement to the show above . We 're not sure why , but we just feel that way . Deadliest Catch , Discovery Channel 4 p.m. -- 3 a.m. July 6 Do n't eat crab cakes for a day in advance to avoid feeling guilty about the brave men who risked their lives for your appetizer . Web Soup , G4 10 p.m. -- 5 a.m July 6 The barrage of viral videos will be more comforting if you watch while actually eating soup . SUNDAY , JULY 6 The Lord of the Rings , TNT 9 a.m. -- 9 p.m. . One does not simply sit through all three movies back to back  unless you watch TNT all day , which is n't that difficult  . Ray Donovan , Showtime 12 p.m. -- 12 a.m. . If you do n't watch this , Liev Schreiber will show up at your house and personally "  fix " the situation . I Love the 2000s , VH1 12:40 p.m. -- 11 p.m. Halfway through 2003 , a sudden thought hits you : "  I 'm old . " You stare blankly at the screen , wondering what led you to this point . 2004 begins to play . There 's no turning back . The Real Housewives of Atlanta : Kandi 's Wedding , Bravo 4 p.m. -- 10 p.m. Catch up with Kandi Burruss in advance of the finale , which features her actually walking down the aisle  finally  . Naked and Afraid , Discovery Channel 4 p.m. -- 3 a.m. July 8 For best results , switch to this right after the I Love the 2000s marathon . Just as you feel emotionally naked and afraid of your future , the contestants will be running around the wilderness with no clothes on . Futurama , Comedy Central 4:24 p.m. -- 12:30 a.m. Good news , everyone ! See the original story at EW.com . TBS will air a week of ` Seinfeld ' to honor the show 's 25th anniversary Adam Richman 's ` Man Finds Food ' postponed indefinitely CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	There are plenty of shows to watch during the holiday weekend The shows are on basic and premium cable Everything from old school "  Batman " to "  Masters of Sex "
CNN  Well , I 'll be the first to admit , I got caught off guard on this one . If indeed the assessment of the cockpit voice recording of Germanwings Flight 9525 's final moments is an accurate one , it is shocking . It is inconceivable to me that a fellow pilot would use an airplane for his demise and the demise of his passengers . It is my hope that there is more to this uncanny , horrific tragedy than just an extraordinary suicide event . Although a report of normal breathing from the co-pilot in the moments before the crash indicates that he was not incapacitated , how can one really tell ? A farfetched idea , but could he have suffered a fit of schizophrenia never diagnosed , or suffered some other mental disorder , perhaps brought on by medication ? I know , it 's not likely . As an airline pilot , I 'm taking this incident personally . Why ? A pilot betrayed the public trust . With all the other fears -- terrorism , disappearances of planes , aircraft malfunctions -- how do I reassure my passengers that they should not add medical illness , mental or otherwise , of the pilot to the list ? For the moment , I 'll have to believe that my customers are intelligent enough to realize that the Germanwings co-pilot is an anomaly . Sure , as with any profession , pilots have isolated cases of stress-related troubles . But we have mechanisms to deal with such problems . One mechanism is very simple : Do n't fly . It is incumbent upon us to determine our own fitness for duty . As a matter of fact , on every trip , I have to confirm that status before I electronically sign the flight plan . Whether it 's as simple as suffering from the common cold or suffering from the distraction of a nasty divorce , airline pilots can just say "  no " to flying . As part of the hiring process , we completed a psychological evaluation . With my airline , one part of the evaluation involved a written test that asked obscure questions in different ways . Another part of the test involved pilots listening to an air traffic control recording made during the angst of a thunderstorm event while at the same time completing a battery of math and shape-orientation problems . We were then asked questions specific to the conversations between the air traffic controllers and pilots we 'd heard in the recording . The test was a measure of our multitasking abilities and our abilities to deal with stress . In addition , the airline 's doctor conducted an individual mental evaluation . Airline pilots in the United States are required by the Federal Aviation Administration to take a medical examination once every six months . The examination is mostly physical , but the doctor is expected to ask some basic mental health questions , most of them about depression or alcohol consumption . In addition to requiring pilots to indicate any prior health issues during the previous six months , the application for the exam also compels us to self-disclose the use of medications , specifically for the treatment of depression . If we have consulted a therapist , that also has to be disclosed . Yes , all bets are off if we deceive the system by hiding things from it , but by every indication , this rarely occurs . The consequence for deception is having your FAA pilot 's license suspended . When it comes to experiencing stress , airline pilots are no different than anyone else . But we tend to deal with stress internally . I have been trained as a peer support volunteer in critical-incident stress management , a joint program between the pilots union and my airline uses as a debriefing method to talk pilots through any serious event experienced in flight . The idea is to mitigate any post-traumatic stress associated with such an event , and occasionally the process would uncover personal issues that would be referred to other support providers , like mental health professionals . I have found that my colleagues demonstrate an above-average ability to compartmentalize their problems and not let personal issues affect their job performance ... most of the time , of course . If personal issues invade the cockpit , mechanisms are in place to assist . What mechanisms ? At my airline , both the company and the pilot 's union work in unison . Programs to assist a pilot experiencing problems are just a phone call away . And if there is concern about a colleague 's mental health , we can contact one of these programs on the other pilot 's behalf , anonymously if necessary . In some circumstances a pilot can be removed from duty . At every recurrent training period , the curriculum includes a presentation reminding us of these mechanisms . No system is perfect . Yes , as with all human systems , somebody will fall through the cracks . Even a good psychiatrist can miss an impending suicide . Redesigning an airplane cockpit based on the infinitesimal chance that another Germanwings co-pilot is out there seems like an overreaction . If passengers require reassurance of my sanity , then it would be best to more actively promote the mechanisms already in place . We can start with education . As I fly back from London today , I am certain that the Gulf War Air Force hero beside me , who dealt with enemy missiles and raising a family , will do nothing other than an exemplary job . I am honored to call him my co-pilot .	Les Abend : Fliers should know that Germanwings crash is anomaly ; airlines have procedures for vetting pilots ' fitness He says psych evaluations , medical exams , peer-oversight protocols keep such disasters rare
Tweet it and it may come true . In the world of travel , anyway . Sending under-appreciated scribes into a frenzy of ecstasy across the United States , Amtrak is launching an official residency program for writers on its long-distance routes . The best part ? It 's free . That minor earthquake you just felt was the rumble of several million freelancers scrambling for their computers . Writers are now able to submit applications to drop everything in their lives to focus on their writing while getting gratis rides on Amtrak 's most scenic routes . All thanks to a playful tweet from a freelance writer . Brilliant move It 's the most positive wave of publicity Amtrak has had at least since Joe Biden 's last railroad rhapsody . The residency ball began rolling when New York-based writer Jessica Gross tweeted a quote from Pen America 's interview with novelist Alexander Chee . The writer said he 'd written his novels on trains and enjoyed doing so . "  I wish Amtrak had residencies for writers , " Chee said . Gross and a friend promptly tweeted the quote at Amtrak . In a shocking plot turn , Amtrak tweeted back : "  We 'd need a test run . You two up for a trip to Chicago and back ? " The stunned Gross quickly agreed and Amtrak soon arranged a free writing trip for her from New York to Chicago and back . Writers nearly broke their keyboards with excitement once the news hit social media after Gross tweeted out about the ride at Amtrak 's request . Who knew so many writers did their best work on trains ? Or like free trips ? The romance of rootlessness The next amazing chapter unfolded when Alexander Chee announced his own Amtrak residency . Chee says he was "  blown away , absolutely amazed " by the sensation inadvertently brought about by his interview . "  I 'll be working on my third novel , using the residency as a chance to just live inside it for four days straight , " Chee tells CNN . "  There 's a mix of anonymity and rootlessness to being on a train that makes you feel you could be anyone , anywhere -- which turns out to be excellent ground for writing fiction . " Chee 's residency is scheduled for May , and will take place on a train from New York to Portland , Oregon , changing trains in Chicago . "  One thing I 've been moved by are the many stories I 've since heard of , train trips that people have taken in order to just write , or even to think , " says Chee . He says a friend wrote to say Gerard Mortier at the Paris Opera would take long-distance trains for the luxury of long , uninterrupted discussions on important matters . "  I think what happened was borne out of that , even as it 's also reminded people this is a really easy , even very traditional way for them to just go off and write , " Chee says . Back at Amtrak Meanwhile , Amtrak 's social media team has been busy . "  It 's been an overwhelming reception , I do n't think we could ever have anticipated how quickly so many people would respond to the idea of the program , and how liberally they 're endorsing it , " says Julia Quinn , Amtrak 's director of social media . But for Amtrak , what 's the upside of having writers clamoring for free rides ? "  We 're always looking for unique ways to expose different audiences to our product , " says Quinn . Quinn says the reaction within the company "  is only positive " and that news of the program has re-kindled nostalgia for train travel among people who might not have previously considered a trip by train . "  Now we have people saying that they are doing or want to do their own versions of the Amtrak residency , " she says . "  There 's something very romantic about train travel . " Program details Amtrak unveiled the official application process on Saturday . Up to 24 writers will be chosen for residencies , which will only take place on undersold long-distance routes . Each residency will include accommodation on a sleeper car with all a writer really needs : a bed , a desk and outlets . Applications will be judged on a year-round basis by a panel of Amtrak executives and outside writers . Because travelers tend to book longer routes earlier , it 's easier for Amtrak to predict which routes will have the vacancies they can grant to resident writers , says Quinn . Residents wo n't be obliged to write about or mention Amtrak in their work , nor will they be expected to turn in any writing to the company after their trips . Quinn says Amtrak has concluded that the organic social-media buzz created by the residency program provides enough of a return on investment . All residencies will take place over two-to-five days on 15 long-distance routes , and will be free . Creating a personalized #AmtrakResidency As Amtrak was formalizing its residency application process , Quinn shared a few of the company 's picks for best routes for writers to get cracking on the next great American novel . "  Someone writing about food could do the long-distance trip from Chicago to Memphis , via New Orleans , doing a huge foodie tour with a lot of little stops , for example , " says Quinn . Brilliant suggestion . Here are three more writing-trips suggested by Amtrak and fleshed out by wistful editors stuck in offices . Empire Builder  Chicago to Portland/Seattle From the train writers can ponder the Mississippi River and imagine sharing the same writing space as Midwest bard Garrison Keillor as they chug past the glowing night skyline of Minneapolis and St. Paul . The next morning , the stark North Dakota plains and Big Sky country in Montana provide an atmosphere suited to contemplative procrastination . From Spokane , Washington , writers can pick their bohemian finale by continuing to Seattle or head down the Columbia River Gorge to Portland , Oregon . In either end point , they 'll be in their element , surrounded by freelance writers highly motivated for freebies . California Zephyr  Chicago to Emeryville/San Francisco The California Zephyr plies one of the most beautiful train routes in North America . Crossing through the plains of Nebraska to Denver gives writers ample time to begin thinking about what a rough outline might eventually look like . Baby steps ... then happy hour !  Is Amtrak aware this is how writers work ? Climbing through the heart of the Rockies , and then the snow-capped Sierra Nevadas , may ennoble the stout of word , but the outstanding views might distract less self-disciplined writers . The rhythm of the rails is intoxicating , indeed , but beware , loquacious scribblers , for it also induces a state of somnambulant torpor from which even the combined forces of Webster , Roget , Strunk and White may not rescue you . Southwest Chief  Chicago to Los Angeles The Chief rumbles across eight states , passing wheat fields , ranches , missions , pueblos , mountains , canyons and deserts . What scenery could be better to gaze at out a window while pondering future royalties and which outfit to wear for your first interview with Colbert ?	Writers can now apply to an Amtrak writer residency , heading through their most scenic routes Each residency will include accommodation on a sleeper car with a bed , a desk and outlets Residencies will take place over two-to-five days on 15 long distance routes , and will be free
Justin Bieber got some unexpected visitors Tuesday morning : sheriff 's deputies with a warrant to search his home . Investigators with the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department were looking for video from Bieber 's security cameras that might show what happened Thursday night when eggs were thrown at a neighbor 's home , according to a sheriff 's statement . A judge gave deputies a felony search warrant , which they carried out Tuesday morning , the sheriff 's statement said . Bieber and several house guests were asleep in the home when deputies arrived at 8 a.m. , according to Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Lt. David Thompson . He was cooperative with the dozen deputies , but he did not answer questions about the alleged vandalism , Thompson said . Justin Bieber 's bad year : A guide Bieber has n't spoken to investigators about last week 's incident , and his representative had declined comment to CNN . Bieber house guest arrested One of Bieber 's house guests , rapper Lil Za , was arrested when deputies allegedly found illegal drugs during their search , Thompson said . Although the drugs were initially reported to be cocaine , Thompson later said they are believed to be Ecstasy and Xanax , but lab tests will be needed to confirm it . The suspect was identified as Xavier Smith , 20 , who performs under the name Lil Za , Thompson said . He was set to be released later Tuesday after posting a $ 20,000 bond , Thompson said . But while in the booking cell , he allegedly broke a telephone while trying to arrange that bond , and then he was charged with felony vandalism for the phone incident , according to Los Angeles County Sheriff Sgt. Chad Waters , the watch commander at the Lost Hills Sheriff 's Station Smith was kept in custody on the newest charge . Video clues sought "  The purpose of the search warrant is to seek video surveillance or other possible evidence in the vandalism that occurred on January 9 , 2014 , " the sheriff 's statement said . Deputies seized video from computer hard drives on the "  extensive " security monitoring system on Bieber 's estate , Thompson said . Cameras capture just about any movement on the property , he said . Detectives will spend the next days scouring through the video for clues about who hurled eggs toward the neighboring mansion last week , Thompson said . If investigators find enough evidence that Bieber , 19 , threw the eggs that splattered against his next-door neighbor 's home , they could refer the matter to the district attorney 's office for possible prosecution , he said . The vandalism damage to the house of Bieber 's neighbor was about $ 20,000 , Thompson said . The cost of repairing the damage to the house is a key factor in determining the severity of the charge . Any damage of more than $ 950 would qualify the charge as a felony . Bieber 's Brazil adventures : Truth or idol gossip ? Bieber lives in the Oaks , an exclusive gated community , in Calabasas . He moved into a $ 6.5 million mansion there two years ago . An impressive list of the rich and famous -- including Michael Jackson 's mother and children -- live in the neighborhood , about 30 miles west of downtown Los Angeles . His neighbors have complained about Bieber several times in the past year , including in May when two neighbors called the sheriff to report he was speeding down residential streets , a sheriff 's spokesman said . Deputies visited Bieber 's home in response , but the singer refused to talk to them , Sheriff 's Department spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Retired NFL star Keyshawn Johnson went to Bieber 's home then to counsel him about the dangers of going too fast on the residential streets , but Bieber would n't speak to him , Johnson 's rep told CNN in May . A neighbor accused Bieber of spitting on him and making threats during a heated confrontation outside his home last March , Whitmore said . It prompted a sheriff 's probe , but no charges followed . Stars who threatened to retire  and did n't	Rapper Lil Za identified as man arrested on drug charge during Bieber search Bieber 's home has "  extensive " video system to record everything that happens , police say Detectives estimate egg damage to neighbor 's home about $ 20,000 Deputies have investigated previous Bieber run-ins with neighbors , but no charges filed
CNN  -- Kellee Santiago wants to tap into the kinder , gentler side of gaming . The player takes flight in "  Cloud , " a video game distributed by thatgamecompany . The president and co-founder of thatgamecompany is finding success in the video game industry with titles like "  Flower , " "  Flow " and "  Cloud . " The mellow interactive experiences are definitely different from the more violent "  spray-and-slay " video games on the market and are designed to encourage emotion , innovation and creativity . In "  Flower , " the player journeys through an imaginary landscape where they can blow breezes , collect flower petals and enjoy the colorful landscape of what Santiago says is a "  video game version of a poem . " Such creativity seems to be in perfect harmony with the 30-year-old video game developer , who has a background in the performing arts . A graduate of New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts , Santiago worked with incorporating digital and interactive media with live performance before she discovered another passion . It was while completing a master 's in fine arts at the Interactive Media program at the University of Southern California 's School of Cinematic Arts that Santiago realized she could marry her love of the arts with video game creation . "  That attraction I had to working on original theater works was very similar , " she said . "  I had grown up with video games ; I was definitely a gamer all my life , and I had just never thought about it as a creative medium . "  As soon as I did , it was just really exciting , because I saw this huge , untapped potential and a lot of things that had n't been done before , " she added . "  That excited me . " While at USC , she worked on a student project called "  Cloud , " a downloadable PC game , which only a few months after release online had been played by 350,000 people . "  In comparison to every single play I probably ever worked on in combination never saw that large an audience , " said Santiago , whose company released "  Cloud " as one of its games . "  That was really exciting . " Santiago is returning to her alma mater Monday as a speaker for TEDx USC , an independently organized TED event , which has CNN.com as one of its supporters . TED stands for technology , entertainment and design and began 25 years ago as a conference to bring together some of the world 's greatest minds . Krisztina "  Z " Holly is vice provost and executive director of the USC Stevens Institute for Innovation as well as the curator of TEDx USC . She said USC is an ideal location for the event , which has a theme of "  Ideas Empowered , " because of its diverse , entrepreneurial and innovative environment . "  It 's a great opportunity to bring together leading minds both from on-campus and off-campus to share ideas , to hear new ideas and be inspired to come up with their own ideas to make a real impact , " she said . Making an impact is exactly what Santiago had in mind when she and fellow USC graduate Jenova Chen launched thatgamecompany . The company , though small and independent , has received many positive reviews of its games and last year was honored as one of the "  20 Breakthrough Developers " of the year by Gamasutra . Two of its games have been released on the Sony PlayStation 3 platform . Although the gaming industry is mostly dominated by men , Santiago said , she has always been treated as an equal among her peers . And although the main demographic for video games is young men , Santiago said , there is another audience . "  The average gamer now is 35 years old , " she said . "  Because the audiences are maturing and simultaneously we have a generation of people who 've grown up with games who are entering the industry , it 's sort of now our turn to create . " Scott Steinberg , publisher for Digitaltrends.com and author of "  Get Rich Playing Games , " said Santiago is one of several women making a splash in the world of gaming . Steinberg said Santiago , who is also an invited speaker at the Game Developers Conference this week in San Francisco , California , has achieved a level of visibility because of the quality of her work and the fact that she is a great game designer . "  These are games that push boundaries that appeal to folks of all ages , interests and genders , " he said . Santiago 's games stand out , he said , because they differ so greatly from what many think of when they think video games . "  That 's part of what makes them so appealing is the fact that the offer something so different , " he said . "  They are unique , something audiences have n't seen before . A lot of them actually border on being virtual art experiences more so than video games . "  The nice part about it is , they can be consumed at a very leisurely pace ; they can be consumed in bite-sized sessions , " Steinberg added . "  These are the types of titles that we need as an industry to help broaden our horizons . " Santiago remembers her first experience playing video games on an arcade version of "  Super Mario Bros. " that she and her brother tackled while her mother shopped at the supermarket . And although she says she does n't think it 's dangerous for children to play violent video games , Santiago does see danger in doing so without having recognition of the violence . From her games , she says , she wants players to take away the feeling that , like with any communicative medium , there is a relationship with a game . "  One of the questions we always get is , are we always going to make emotional games , " Santiago said . "  We are saying all games are emotional . "	Kellee Santiago 's company produces video games meant to inspire Santiago approaches games as art Titles like "  Flow " and "  Cloud " are alternatives to violent video games Santiago is a featured speaker at TEDx USC conference
CNN  -- How will the Dreamliner get back in the air ? The answers lie in a dense federal document posted online Thursday . The Federal Aviation Administration 's Airworthiness Directive for Boeing 's 787-8 was posted online Thursday and goes into effect upon publication Friday in the Federal Register . The directive outlines the modifications necessary for the much-anticipated Dreamliner to fly again after faulty battery systems grounded the aircraft earlier this year . The FAA stated that any 787 's return to service would only take place after the agency monitors modifications of the aircraft in the U.S. fleet and inspects the work . United plans to resume 787 service in May "  An FAA inspector will have to accept the work before the airplane technically is in compliance with the  directive  , " said FAA spokesman Les Dorr . Nearly 50 already-delivered Dreamliners have been grounded for more than three months , after two incidents on jets operated by Japanese airlines called the battery systems into question . The Dreamliner 's use of lightweight composite materials to greatly improve fuel economy has made it a big seller in Asia and the Middle East , where long-haul flights account for much of an airline 's business . United Airlines , which has six Boeing 787 aircraft , is the only U.S. airline to take delivery of the Dreamliner so far . It will cost the airline about $ 2.8 million to implement the fix , according to the FAA 's Federal Register filing . Calling the FAA plan "  a good step forward , " United spokeswoman Christen David said the company is developing "  a return-to-service plan , and we look forward to getting our 787s back in the air . " The company plans to begin domestic flights using the 787 in May and possibly launch the Denver-Narita  Japan  route on June 10 . Airline quality report sorts out duds from the dynamos Boeing is sending special teams to assist in the repairs , according to Boeing spokesman Marc Birtel . "  The FAA 's publication of the Airworthiness Directive is an important step forward in returning the 787 fleet to flight status , " Birtel said in an e-mail . The directive requires that 787 operators install "  main battery and auxiliary power unit battery enclosures  APU  and environmental control system  ECS  ducts ; and replacing the main battery , the APU battery and their respective battery chargers . " "  Once modifications are completed on individual airplanes , our customers will determine , with their regulatory authorities , when to return their 787s to service , " said Birtel . Although the FAA 's fix only applies to U.S. carriers , it 's likely other foreign civil aviation authorities will consider the U.S. agency 's plan , said the FAA 's Dorr . Boeing has already started installing the modified battery system on 10 aircraft in service and nine aircraft in production , said Boeing CEO Jim McNerney during Boeing 's earnings call Wednesday . "  We expect to complete the bulk of fleet retrofits by mid-May , " said McNerney , according to a transcript of the call . McNerney said Boeing expects to resume Dreamliner deliveries in early May . CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Jennifer Liberto and Marnie Hunter contributed to this story .	FAA posts Airworthiness Directive for Boeing Dreamliner The directive is set to go into effect Friday It outlines required modifications that must be inspected before flight Nearly 50 Boeing 787s have been grounded more than three months
Health.com  -- Infants who undergo surgical procedures requiring general anesthesia in their first two years of life may be at increased risk of developing attention deficit hyperactivity disorder  ADHD  as they grow older . A new study of 5,357 children born in Rochester , Minnesota , between 1976 and 1982 found that kids who underwent at least two such surgeries before their second birthday were roughly twice as likely as their peers to develop ADHD by the time they were 19 . Having a single surgical procedure did not appear to increase risk . In this group of infants , 7.3 % of those with no exposure to anesthesia and 10.7 % of those with just one exposure went on to develop ADHD -- a difference the researchers deemed to be negligible , statistically speaking . By contrast , infants who had two or more experiences with anesthesia had a dramatically higher 17.9 % chance of developing ADHD , according to the study , which appears this week in the journal Mayo Clinic Proceedings . Health.com : What causes ADHD ? 12 myths and facts The longer a child was unconscious , the greater the ADHD risk , which suggests that even several short exposures to anesthesia could heighten risk , says senior study author David O. Warner , M.D. , a pediatric anesthesiologist at the Mayo Clinic , in Rochester . Warner , however , stresses that parents should not be unduly alarmed if their child requires general anesthesia . "  All we can say is that we ca n't exclude that this could be a problem , " he says , noting that the findings do not prove cause and effect . Very few young children undergo surgery requiring general anesthesia , and those who do typically have serious medical conditions that ca n't be ignored . Procedures might include hernia repair  to prevent a section of intestine from getting trapped and causing an obstruction  , or surgeries to correct life-threatening abnormalities of the lungs or heart . Health.com : 9 food additives that may affect ADHD The new findings should not dissuade parents or doctors from approving necessary surgery , says Peter J. Davis , M.D. , anesthesiologist-in-chief at the Children 's Hospital of Pittsburgh . "  There is no data to suggest that kids who require surgery should n't have it , " says Davis , who was not involved in the study . Concerns about the potential impact of general anesthesia on brain development first arose about 10 years ago , after studies showed that young animals exposed to anesthesia had brain changes that were associated with behavioral problems . At the time , investigators did n't think the results from animal studies would be borne out in humans . But a study published last year by Warner and his colleagues found that young children had double the risk of developing learning disabilities if they 'd been exposed to multiple rounds of general anesthesia . Health.com : ADHD linked to pesticide exposure The new study implies the same pattern might hold for ADHD , although a number of major caveats apply . Only 350 children -- less than 1 % of the study participants -- were put under for a surgical procedure , which is a small sample from which to draw conclusions . And more than two-thirds of the children needing surgery were boys , who are already at triple the risk for ADHD than girls . In addition , most of the surgeries , which took place in the late 1970s and early 1980s , involved the anesthetic halothane , which is no longer used . Finally , not all of the children received an ADHD diagnosis from a doctor . The researchers identified most ADHD cases by piecing together detailed school and medical records , although they used a rigorous multistep process to do so . Health.com : What if my child begins to exhibit symptoms of ADHD ? But perhaps the main reason for caution is that the authors ca n't rule out the possibility that the medical conditions that prompted the surgeries , rather than the anesthetic , are responsible for the increased ADHD risk . Similarly , they ca n't rule out the possibility that some other aspect of surgery or recovery , such as medications , may be to blame . "  The issues of surgery and anesthesia really ca n't be separated in all this , " Davis says . Still , there is some evidence that suggests a link between general anesthesia and ADHD is plausible . In animals , anesthetics -- including newer-generation drugs -- seem to speed up the otherwise normal process of cell death , which may make the brain more vulnerable to ADHD , Warner says . The drugs may also directly damage neurons , he adds . The good news is that the window in which a child 's brain is developing rapidly and is susceptible to this type of damage appears to be relatively brief . Researchers have n't pinned down the exact time frame , but animal studies suggest that the risk of damage decreases after about age three , Warner says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Higher chance of ADHD found in infants who had two surgeries Having a single surgical procedure did not appear to increase risk The longer a child was unconscious , the greater the ADHD risk
CNN  -- Proving that the Wii 's motion-sensing controls were n't a fad , both Sony 's PlayStation Move and Microsoft 's Kinect had strong holiday seasons , suggesting a growing appetite for active video games . Sony and Microsoft sold more than 4.1 million and 8 million units over the holidays , respectively , on the strength of titles like "  Sports Champions " and "  Dance Central . " And as a host of new compatible offerings illustrate , both these and other manufacturers hope to further expand the market for gesture-tracking gaming systems throughout 2011 and beyond . Here 's a look at what 's coming in the months ahead . PlayStation Move Like the Wii , the Move system features a wand-like controller that gamers wave about to control their avatars onscreen . Angling to entice hard-core players as well as casual game enthusiasts , Sony 's upcoming 3D TV-enabled sci-fi shooter "  Killzone 3 " and military-themed blaster "  SOCOM 4 : U.S. Navy SEALs " both will feature PlayStation Move support . Each offers more intuitive aiming through physical gestures , and looks to make a case for how well this new tech can integrate with more die-hard gameplay experiences . Titles with a more mainstream focus like "  MLB 11 : The Show "  batting  , "  PlayStation Move Heroes "  arcade mini-games  , "  LittleBigPlanet 2 "  platform hopping  and "  Sorcery "  spell casting via a plastic wand  are also planned . And nearly 50 titles in all genres , from adventure to sports to downloadable PlayStation Network games and third-party outings such as "  Time Crisis : Razing Storm , " are now available for the Move . Kinect Microsoft 's hit system , which uses cameras to read players ' full-body movements and translate them into action or sports games , will extend its immediate focus to a range of social applications . Announced at CES , the company 's new Kinect Avatar service utilizes the hands-free controller to allow real-time mapping of facial movements onto a digital character . When you raise your eyebrow , so does your avatar . Up to eight virtual avatars , all reflecting their users ' actual facial expressions , can hang out in virtual chat rooms -- including performance stages and other imaginative environments -- via Xbox Live . You can even record videos of their conversations . The Kinect also will feature such motion-controlled entertainment options as casual videoconferencing and , come spring , the ability to use hand gestures and voice commands to enjoy streaming video from Netflix and Hulu Plus . New upcoming titles for the Kinect , which cover a range of interests and play styles , include psychedelic shooter "  Child of Eden , " automotive epic "  Forza Motorsport 4 " and the humorous trivia game "  You Do n't Know Jack . " Tablets , PCs and handheld 3-D New gyroscope-equipped tablet PCs such as Motorola 's Xoom , Acer 's new Android slate and Apple 's rumored iPad 2 also promise potential new ways to bring motion controls to handheld gaming . Expect more titles that , like some popular iPhone games , let you tilt to steer on-screen vehicles , pilot dogfighting planes or aim virtual cross hairs . Motion controls manufacturer Softkinetic also plans to offer controller-free games shortly through its proprietary "  iisu " 3-D gesture-recognition technology . PC gamers can soon enjoy motion control capability outside of racing chairs and plastic putting simulators . Sixense 's Hydra controller , which uses a magnetic field to detect your movements , is due in April , packaged with the popular puzzle game "  Portal 2 . " The Nintendo 3DS , a handheld gaming system capable of producing three-dimensional special effects without the need for special glasses , will include touchscreen controls and dozens of custom games when it arrives March 27 . From touch-sensing Android smartphones to gesture-tracking TV remotes and accessories like Nyko 's Power Shot , which transforms the PlayStation Move into a plastic rifle , motion controls will be everywhere in 2011 . What 's next for these technologies appears to be a broader range of everyday uses that more inventively tap into the power of your own body -- the most intuitive controller of all .	Sony 's PlayStation Move and Microsoft 's Kinect systems had strong holiday seasons Sales suggest a growing appetite for active video games with motion controls Manufacturers are angling to entice hard-core players as well as casual game enthusiasts
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Thirty-two Taliban insurgents and three Afghan soldiers were killed in fighting between security forces and militants in southern Afghanistan , a local government official told CNN Thursday . The violence took place on Wednesday in the Khushal Khan village of Nad Ali district in Helmand province , said the provincial governor 's spokesman , Dawood Ahmadi . The district is where the U.S. Marines are cranking up plans for a major operation against the insurgency , a push targeting a swath of territory considered the last major stronghold of the Taliban in Helmand province . The Wednesday flareup in Khushal Khan occurred during an Afghan-NATO-led joint operation . Along with the deaths , three Afghan soldiers and a soldier from NATO 's International Security Assistance Force were injured . The Marines plan to launch a big push on Marjah , a town with 80,000 to 100,000 people in the Nad Ali district , considered to be under Taliban control . The insurgency there has influence stretching to Pakistan and the bordering provinces of Nimruz and Farah . The Marine-led operation will "  alter the ecosystem of this area significantly , " Col. George Amland , the deputy commander of Task Force Leatherneck , said at a briefing Wednesday . Amland did n't say when the operation will start , but indicated it will be soon . He noted that the backbone of the force will be made up of some of the 30,000 additional U.S. troops being sent to Afghanistan by President Obama and will include a large contingent of Afghan security forces . The push will follow other big operations in Helmand -- Cobra 's Anger in December and Khanjar last summer . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report	Fighting occurs as U.S. readies military offensive in Helmand province U.S. offensive targets Taliban with influence stretching to Pakistan U.S. troops coming from 30,000 added by President Obama
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Major wireless carriers have fixed a bug that could have allowed criminals to hack into hundreds of millions of cell phones , says a security expert who exposed the flaw . Cryptographer Karsten Nohl of Security Research Labs in Germany says he discovered the bug after spending three years figuring out how to hack SIM cards , those tiny removable plastic cards found in cell phones and other mobile devices . Nohl accessed the SIM cards by exploiting flaws in the encryption keys and sending a hidden SMS text message . SIM cards can identify the phone 's owner and store some sensitive personal data , such as payment information . Nohl 's findings sent ripples through the wireless industry when they were first revealed July 21 . While phones are known to be susceptible to a range of security issues and attacks , the old dependable SIM card was considered safe . Nohl was scheduled to demonstrate his SIM card hack Wednesday at Black Hat , a computer-security conference in Las Vegas . Instead , he announced that five wireless carriers had rushed to push out updates that patched the problem . Because of the fix , he was only able to demonstrate parts of the hack . Nohl declined to name the carriers involved . Physically replacing millions of compromised SIM cards around the world would have been a huge and costly undertaking for carriers -- and a security concern for phone owners . Instead , the companies came up with a more creative solution : They took advantage of the same Java vulnerability Nohl found and used it to hack into their own cards and rewrite parts of their operating systems . Nohl praised the carriers ' quick action . "  They 're adopting hacking methods to make it more secure , " he said at a press conference ahead of his talk . "  Abusing the Java vulnerabilities to update the card is the neatest outcome of this . " With access to a phone 's SIM card , criminals could carry out a range of attacks . They could run up charges on a phone bill , intercept phone calls , remotely control phones , track the location of devices and even access financial information . The bug could be especially damaging in places such as Africa , where many people use their phones not just for communication but as mobile banking systems . A quick fix from a company is the ideal outcome for so-called "  white hat " hackers such as Nohl , who spend their time finding possible weaknesses in computer systems before criminals can exploit them . Every year at Black Hat , researchers present their latest findings and hacks . The hackers typically receive varying reactions from companies after exposing their vulnerabilities . While some companies do acknowledge issues and respond with a quick fix , others wait until criminals exploit a flaw before taking action . Nohl said Wednesday that companies still have not fixed most of his other computer-bug findings from the past four years .	Expert : Wireless carriers fix a bug that could have allowed criminals to hack into cell phones A German cryptographer who hacked into SIM cards says he discovered the bug SIM cards can identify a phone 's owner and store some sensitive personal data The "  white hat " hacker presented his findings at a computer-security conference
Limassol , Cyprus  CNN  -- Cyprus is known for its sunshine , its ancient ruins and its delicious halloumi cheese , but one thing that is less well known is that it is also home to the oldest named wine in the world . Commandaria is a dessert wine with a flavor as rich as its history . It is originally believed to have been given its name by crusading knights in the 13th century , but to have first been made up to 5,000 years ago . It is produced in the fertile high-altitude slopes in the south-west of the island that became known as "  La Grande Commanderie " during the Crusades . Around this time , the Knights of the Order of Saint John renamed the local wine after their new protectorate . Throughout the following centuries , stories of the wine abound . According to legend , King Richard the Lionheart of England was so taken with commandaria that at his wedding he pronounced it "  the wine of kings and the king of wines . " Equally struck by the intoxicating liquor was the French King Philippe Augustus who is said to have declared it to be "  the Apostle of wines " . Over time production continued to grow . By 1879 the British explorer Sir Samuel White Baker recorded that Cyprus was annually exporting 155,000 "  okes "  a Turkish measurement that translates roughly to 230,000 liters  of commandaria to Austria alone . All the elements of Cyprus In the coastal town of Limassol , on the sunny southern coast of Cyprus , the most popular brand of commandaria -- KEO St. John -- is produced to a recipe that is now protected by a legally enforced appellation , the only one held by Cyprus . Dimitris Antoniou , senior oenologist at KEO , believes the wine they produce is very special . "  In it you have all the elements of Cyprus : you have honey , herbs , vanilla , spices , and dried fruits such as plums ... it is very complicated , " he says . One distinguishing feature of commandaria is that after the grapes are picked , they are left in the sun for ten days , which increases the density of their sugars . The grapes are then pressed , the wine is fortified  usually with a high percentage grape-based alcohol  and then it is aged for at least two years in oak barrels before being bottled . As the years roll by , the amber liquid intensifies in both viscosity and sweetness . Read more : The island of Aphrodite still has its struggles Dimitris , together with George Metochis , senior winemaker at KEO , oversee the vast operation where annually over 130,000 liters of wine are produced , largely for market within Cyprus , but also exported to Russia , Scandinavia , France , the United States and Australia . The cavernous KEO vaults currently house 400,000 liters of commandaria with a range of vintages ; the oldest batch dates back over a century . Ancient heritage , modern interpretation Archaeological digs , conducted over the past decade , have unearthed evidence that the history of wine in Cyprus stretches back not just hundreds , but thousands of years . Some believe that Cyprus may have been the site of the earliest wine harvests in Europe , stretching back 5,000 years . Alongside the mainstream labels producing commandaria , a new generation of winemakers is looking to this more distant history to try to get in touch with the country 's original viniculture . One such winemaker is Lefteris Mohianakis who has vineyards in the high hills near the village of Zoopigi . The two grapes he uses -- Mavro a red grape , and Xynisteri a white -- have long been used to produce the island 's famous sweet wine . But when Lefteris talks of Cypriot wine , he speaks of "  Nama " , the more ancient name for what the crusading knights of the 13th century came to call commandaria . Read more : Cyprus bets on a natural gas-filled future Lefteris Mohianakis is respectful of commandaria 's great history , but says that his "  Anama Concept " wine takes inspiration from the past while still very much looking towards towards the future . "  I 'm working on the base of tradition , but I 'm trying to involve oenology , which is a contemporary science , " he says . Throughout his career , Mohianakis has worked in wineries around the world , and in his view , Cyprus is unique in its ability to grow sweet wine . "  I truly believe that terroir  the geology and climate of a place  is one of the most important things towards producing a high quality wine , " he says . "  That is why nobody in the world can produce a Sauvignon Blanc like Marlborough in New Zealand , or a Cabernet Sauvignon like Bordeaux . That is the reason why I strongly believe that Cyprus is one of the rarest terroirs that can produce such high quality sweet wines . It is the sun and the soil . It is unique . " So does Mohianakis believe that his wine tastes the same as the nama that was being enjoyed in Cyprus 5,000 years ago ? "  I think that historians can tell stories and can give you an idea about the past , but senses can not be transmitted through history . So we can not understand how an ancient nama smelled or tasted , " Mohianakis says . "  My mentality is that we are walking on the base of tradition , on the base of the things transported from generation to generation -- the tales , the feelings -- but the best thing we can do is to give the vine the opportunity to choose for itself what kind of product it wants to create . Those vines have been there for 150 years ... I am just trying to give the vines the opportunity to express themselves through my wine . " CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Commandaria is recognised as the oldest named wine in the world The sweet wine has been grown in Cyprus for over 5,000 years in 1191 , King Richard the Lionheart called it ` the wine of kings and the King of wines '
London , England  CNN  -- As she took to the stage , both judges and spectators alike were unsure what the young Egyptian woman would do . Standing before the mic , dressed head to toe in a soft pink ensemble complete with a matching veil , Mayam Mahmoud was about to perform in front of an audience for the first time . Then , a hard-hitting beat began to blare out of the speakers and the 18-year-old started to rap . Since her captivating appearance on popular TV talent show "  Arabs Got Talent " last October , the young veiled hip-hop artist has amassed a huge following for challenging how women in Egypt are meant to behave . Her lyrics highlight the importance of girls ' education and denounce sexual harassment of women on the streets of Egypt . "  It was never about going on stage in a scarf , " says Mahmoud . "  It was about going on stage and sharing a message , " she adds . "  Egyptian women undergo harassment and bullying on a daily basis . " Award-winning Last week Mahmoud 's inspiring work for women 's rights was recognized at the prestigious Index Freedom of Expression awards . The young singer , who won this year 's Arts category , sat down with CNN before the ceremony to explain how she is tackling Egypt 's sexual harassment of women head on . "  These are matters that are very present in Egypt but no one is talking about them -- they are a big problem in Egyptian society , " she explains . "  It 's about going out there and explaining your experience and sharing that with others so we know these problems exist and that is the way of changing views . "  Hip-hop as a genre of music is where people have an avenue to express what they feel , the problems they go through ... There is less of an emphasis on the performance itself but rather on what is actually being said . " Having grown up in a traditionally conservative , patriarchal society , Mahmoud 's feminist rhymes resonate with many of her fans who encourage her to continue combating gender discrimination through her music . She raps in one of songs : "  Who said that femininity is about dresses ? Femininity is about intelligence and intellect . " ' I defy that ' Women in Egypt routinely face instances of sexual harassment -- according to a 2008 survey of 1,010 women conducted by the Egyptian Center for Women 's rights , 83 % of Egyptian women and 98 % of foreign women have been sexually harassed . Mahmoud describes how women can feel self conscious simply for walking to school or work . "  She 'll get looks and it can degenerate into touching . Another thing that commonly happens is that a woman can be walking in the street and she could be followed by a car . It could also degenerate to people hitting her from within the car or getting out of the car while saying all sorts of things to her . " -LSB- These incidents -RSB- do not encourage her to leave her house anymore . It supports that idea that a woman should stay at home and not go out and I 'm completely against that . I defy that . " Carnival of Freedom The rapper , who is also an undergraduate studying politics and social science , also spends much of her time speaking to women who share their stories of daily discrimination with her . With their permission , Mahmoud then incorporates those experiences into her music . "  There is a lot of recent interest in women 's rights in Egypt . People are more responsive at the moment and are becoming more interested in what I have to say . Because of this I set up a Facebook event called "  Carnival of Freedom " and the whole point is to show or post day-to-day activities that are otherwise considered taboo in Egyptian culture . "  So for example , -LSB- it could be -RSB- women playing football or going to a cafe , playing pool or eating in the street . Essentially this is to keep encouraging men and women to be part of this natural need to enjoy one 's self and express one 's self with freedom . " For the time being , Mahmoud will continue to split her days between university and her passion for rapping . She acknowledges that she 's young and is still trying to work out exactly what path to take . But she hopes her raps will continue to inspire others to change the way they think and treat others in Egyptian society . "  One of the strongest messages I 'd like to send is , ` Freedom is an obligation on others before it becomes my right . ' " READ THIS : Capturing the new Rwanda READ THIS : How do you mend a child 's broken heart ? READ THIS : Making movies to tell Africa 's real stories READ THIS : Hollywood filmmaker Sanaa Hamri on mentors	Mayam Mahmoud is an Egyptian rapper who rose to fame after appearing on "  Arabs Got Talent " She refuses to accept that women in Egypt must be subservient to men Last week she won the Index Freedom of Expression award for her work for women 's rights
Acapulco , Mexico  CNN  -- Six suspects arrested and accused of raping a group of Spanish tourists in a Mexican resort city have confessed , a top official said Wednesday . Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam declared the case "  resolved , " although one suspect remains at large . "  There are already six arrests , confessed , totally confessed the full story of what happened , and we need only to arrest one more person identified in this process , " he said . "  The case is solved . " The allegations last week grabbed headlines across Mexico and around the globe . Authorities said hooded gunmen stormed into a beach bungalow in the Pacific port of Acapulco and attacked a group of Spanish tourists , raping six women and tying up a group of men with cell phone cables and bikini straps . Rape case in Mexican resort city puts violence back in spotlight Investigators have not yet determined whether the suspects arrested , one of whom is 16 years old and thus a minor , are part of a gang , Murillo Karam said . They also have not confirmed whether the suspects met the victims days before the attack , something local authorities had alleged . One suspect was arrested Tuesday and five others were arrested Wednesday morning "  after a very serious investigation , " he said . All six have confessed , he said . Authorities in Acapulco had announced the detention of several people over the weekend , but those arrests had nothing to do with the case , Murillo Karam said Wednesday . The high-profile case in the resort city last week was a sharp reminder of significant security problems in a state that has seen violence surge even as homicide numbers in other hot spots across Mexico have started to dip . It drew renewed attention to topics that Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto had steered out of the spotlight since he took office in December . CNNMexico.com , journalist Salomon Kaufman , Laura Reyes , and CNN 's Jessica King , Alexander Hunter , Catherine E. Shoichet and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	The case is "  resolved , " Mexico 's attorney general says Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam says six suspects have confessed One suspect connected with the attack remains at large , he says The high-profile case in the Mexican resort city of Acapulco has drawn worldwide attention
CNN  -- Two people were dead and dozens of others were taken to hospitals after a charter bus bound for an Oklahoma casino overturned on a Dallas-area turnpike Thursday morning , officials said . At least 44 people were transported to hospitals after the crash on President George Bush Turnpike in Irving , Texas , Department of Public Safety Sgt. Lonny Haschel told CNN . At least three people were in critical condition , said Dr. Paul Pepe , Irving Fire Department 's medical director . Because many of the passengers were elderly , medical personnel were monitoring those with even minor injuries closely , said Pepe , who also is chairman of emergency medicine at Dallas ' Parkland Memorial Hospital . Dr. Alex Eastman , who treated some patients at Parkland , said they were "  in good spirits " and "  doing relatively well under the circumstances . " Of the 15 people brought to that hospital , four were in critical condition and 11 had non-life-threatening injuries , he said . They ranged in age from 66 to 80 , he said . Haschel said the bus went off the right side of the road , hit a barrier , swerved left across lanes of traffic and struck a concrete median in a grassy area . "  It rode up on top of that concrete barrier , and then rolled on its right hand side where it came to rest , " Haschel said . It was the only vehicle involved in the crash , he said . Passenger Daniel Risik , 73 , of Fort Worth told CNN affiliate KTVT that the bus crashed and then started to shake before turning over on its right side . "  People were on top of people , screaming , hollering , yelling for help , " he said . The bus driver survived and was sent to a hospital , Pepe said . The bus , owned by a Dallas-area charter company , was taking the passengers to Choctaw Casino in Durant , Oklahoma , according to the Department of Public Safety . Video from KTVT showed a bus on its side , surrounded by numerous emergency personnel . Traffic on part of the toll road was halted as responders tended to the scene . The National Transportation Safety Board said it has sent a team of investigators to the scene of the wreck . CNN 's John Branch and Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	A bus taking people to Oklahoma casinos crashes on a Dallas-area toll road At least 44 people are taken to hospitals ; at least three are in critical condition , an official says Many of the passengers are elderly , the official says
CNN  -- A major clean-up operation is underway along the north coast of New Zealand 's North Island as debris and oil leaking from a cargo ship that ran aground on a reef wash ashore , officials say . The Rena , a Liberian-flagged vessel , struck the Astrolabe Reef , about 12 nautical miles off the city of Tauranga , last week . New Zealand 's oil spill response agency , Maritime New Zealand  MNZ  , estimates that as much as 300 tonnes of fuel oil has leaked from the vessel , which was carrying 1,700 cubic meters  450,000 gallons  of fuel . The country 's environment minister , Nick Smith , has called the spill New Zealand 's most significant maritime environmental disaster . As of Friday , clean-up teams collected 95.45 tonnes of solid waste and 6 tonnes of liquid waste from beaches in the Bay of Plenty , MNZ said . About 60 kilometers of coastline , from the towns of Maketu to Mount Maunganui , is contaminated with oil , the agency said . Pubic access to some waterfront areas has been restricted due to health concerns . "  We are now coordinating a team of around 1,000 people involved in operations on land , sea and air and covering areas like field operations , planning , logistics , wildlife recovery and community and iwi -LSB- indigenous Maori people -RSB- liaison , " said National On Scene Commander Nick Quinn . MNZ said that 500 dead birds have been found following the oil spill . The agency said 140 people scoured the coast yesterday for wildlife affected by the spill and 51 oiled animals are being treated at a center that has been set up in Tauranga . A team has been established to capture seals and five of the animals are being kept in captivity . Greenpeace has expressed "  extreme concern " about the spill and urged the government to avoid using further toxic dispersants . "  This is an unfortunate illustration of just how difficult it is to deal with oil spills at sea , " the organization 's Steve Abel said . "  Even a slow and relatively accessible oil spill like this one has clearly stretched New Zealand 's response capability to its limits , " he said . "  It is also a potential disaster for the blue whales and dolphins presently calving in the area , as well as numerous other marine species . " MNZ said that 88 containers had fallen off the ship , 20 of which have washed ashore . Due to the hazard the containers pose to shipping , the agency said navigational warnings had been issued and major maritime traffic has been re-routed . The Rena has suffered substantial structural failure and there is a concern that the stern of the vessel may break up , MNZ said . Salvage teams have three tugs mobilized either to hold the stern on the reef while efforts continue to remove oil from the ship , or to tow the stern to shallow water to extract the oil , the agency said . Containers remaining on the vessel continue to move , making it dangerous for salvage crews to work on board . Salvors have worked to build a platform to attach to the side of the vessel today to be used to assist fuel recovery operations , MNZ said . The ship 's second officer appeared in Tauranga District Court yesterday to face a charge of "  operating a vessel in a manner causing unnecessary danger or risk , " MNZ said . The Rena 's captain was remanded on bail on Wednesday on the same charge , on the condition he surrender his passport . His name has not been released . If convicted , they face a maximum fine of $ 7,800 , or up to 12 months imprisonment . CNN 's Karen Smith and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	About 60 km of northern coastline of North Island is contaminated with oil 500 dead birds have been found ; 51 oiled animals being treated Government : Spill is country 's most significant maritime environmental disaster Rena cargo ship began leaking oil after hitting reef off New Zealand 's North Island
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- A gubernatorial candidate in the northern Nigerian state of Borno was assassinated , and five police officers and the governor 's brother were also killed in a gun attack outside a mosque Friday , said Borno state police commissioner Abubakar Mohammed . "  This was not Boko Haram . This was political assassination , " Mohammed said . Boko Haram is an Islamic fundamentalist group in the region . Three men on motorbikes gunned down leading Borno state gubernatorial candidate Modu Fannami Gubio of the All Nigeria People 's Party , Mohammed said . The violence occurred in Maiduguri , the capital of Borno , said Red Cross Borno secretary Mohammed Barma . Also killed were the Borno governor 's younger brother , Goni Sherrif , and five plainclothes police officers , commissioner Mohammed said . The assassination came after afternoon prayers , he said . The current governor , who has reached his two-term limit , is a member of the same party to which Gubio belonged . The violence occurred in the lead-up to April 's elections , in which Nigerians will also elect a new president . It also comes in a month marked by deadly sectarian violence in central Nigeria in which more than 200 persons have been killed , a human rights monitoring group said Thursday . Nigeria 's Independent National Electoral Commission has extended the registration period by a week after a very widely and publicly criticized start . Voters now have until February 5 to register , instead of January 30 , said commission secretary Alhaji Abdullahi Kaugama in a statement . The INEC chairman told the Senate on Wednesday that an extra week will cost more than $ 43 million . The extension is designed to yield a more complete roll of registered voters . The 2007 vote were considered one of Nigeria 's most corrupt elections . In this month 's bloodshed , the victims , including children , have been hacked to death , burned alive , dragged off buses and have "  disappeared , " Human Rights Watch said . The group appealed to the Nigerian government to "  act swiftly to protect civilians of all ethnicities at risk of further attacks or reprisal killings . " It also urged the government to allow Francis Deng , the United Nations secretary-general 's special adviser on the prevention of genocide , to visit central Plateau state . "  This terrible cycle of violence and impunity needs to stop , " Corinne Dufka , the group 's senior West Africa researcher , said in a statement . "  Both the state and federal governments have shown a disturbing lack of urgency in addressing the violence and tackling the underlying causes of these deadly outbreaks . " The wave of violence began with Christmas Eve bomb blasts in two Christian communities in Jos , the state capital that lies on a faith-based fault line between Muslim-dominated northern Nigeria and the mainly Christian south . At least 31 people died in those attacks . Since then , dozens of Muslims and Christians have been targeted and killed based simply on their ethnic or religious identity , Human Rights Watch said . It follows a year of bloodshed in 2010 that left at least 1,000 people dead in Plateau state . Deng submitted a request to travel to Jos in October but Human Rights Watch said the Nigerian government has not formally replied or authorized the mission . Earlier this month , eight Muslim youths heading to a wedding were attacked after they took a wrong turn and ended up in a Christian village . Witnesses told Human Rights Watch that the Nigerian army exhumed five bodies from shallow graves near the village and returned them to their families . The three others remain missing . In reprisal , Muslim youths in Jos attacked Christians the next day . Witnesses told Human Rights Watch that the victims were hacked to death with machetes and cutlasses or burned alive by the mob . Later that day , at least 14 more Muslims were killed by mobs in Christian neighborhoods in the Jos area . Witnesses told the rights group that Muslims and Christians were separated on buses , dragged off and hacked to death . Others spoke of people burned alive in their houses . In Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nation , more than 13,500 people have died in religious or ethnic clashes since the end of military rule in 1999 , Human Rights Watch said in a report last year . The group charges the government exploits the violence for political gain . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Candidate Modu Fannami Gubio of the All Nigeria People 's Party is gunned down Also killed were the governor 's brother and five plainclothes officers Human Rights Watch says more than 200 people have been killed in the last month
CNN  -- The president of Botswana has invited the internationally recognized president of Ivory Coast , Alassane Ouattara , for an official state visit , the Foreign Affairs Ministry of Botswana announced Wednesday . President Seretse Khama Ian Khama has discussed the visit with Ouattara , the ministry said in a statement , and the two leaders "  agreed that the visit should take place at a mutually convenient time . " But it 's not clear when that time may come , since Ouattara is virtually blocked inside the Golf Hotel in Abidjan , Ivory Coast , by troops sent by Laurent Gbagbo , who claimed the presidency after the November 28 runoff . While an independent electoral commission declared Ouattara the winner , the country 's Constitutional Council invalidated the results in some provinces and proclaimed that Gbagbo , the incumbent president , had won . Gbagbo is refusing to step down "  Botswana continues to support all efforts aimed at ensuring that Ouattara assumes the presidency in Cote d'Ivore , " the ministry statement said , using the French name for the country . Immediately after the election in Ivory Coast , Botswana joined the African Union , the United Nations , the European Union and the United States in endorsing Ouattara as the winner of the disputed presidential elections . At the time , Khama 's government called upon all political entities , including the Constitutional Council of Ivory Coast , to respect the decision of the Independent Electoral Commission in declaring Ouattara the rightful winner of the elections . "  The government of Botswana is deeply concerned about African leaders who reject elections results that are not in their favour . "  Such actions not only deny people the right to have leaders of their choice , but also thwart efforts to maintain peace and security on the African continent , " the statement from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation says . Botswana took similar actions two years ago after controversial parliamentary and presidential elections in neighboring Zimbabwe , declaring that Robert Mugabe was not democratically elected and saying it would not recognize him as that country 's leader . Botswana officials also vowed not to attend any AU or Southern African Development Community  SADC  meetings if Mugabe was invited . However , the government of Botswana softened its stance after Mugabe and his rival , Morgan Tsvangirai , formed a national unity government to ease Zimbabwe 's economic and political predicament . Botswana also did not recognise the leadership of Andry Rajoelina , after he was sworn in early last year as the transitional president of Madagascar . The government of Botswana issued a statement saying the former disc jockey and mayor of Madagascar 's capital should hand over power to the constitutionally elected leader Marc Ravalomanana . Rajoelina and his military-led supporters forced Ravalomanana to step down , and although Rajoelina entered into a power-sharing agreement , it has yet to be implemented .	Botswana recognizes Ouattara as the rightful winner of Ivory Coast 's election The government is concerned the situation threatens peace and security in Africa The leaders of Botswana also opposed the outcome of Zimbabwe 's elections two years ago
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William has helped the U.S. Coast Guard bust a drug smuggling boat carrying cocaine worth a minimum of $ 80 million . Prince William has helped bust a speed boat smuggling $ 80 million worth of cocaine . William , who is serving in the Royal Navy , helped make the bust last weekend when he spotted a speedboat found to be carrying nearly a ton of cocaine in the Atlantic Ocean , Britain 's Ministry of Defense said Wednesday . William , 26 , was one of the crew members aboard a helicopter attached to the frigate HMS Iron Duke who spotted the ocean-going speedboat hundreds of miles northeast of Barbados , the defense ministry said The 50-foot-long power boat raised suspicions because it was a small vessel far out to sea and resembled a "  go-fast " boat commonly used for drug smuggling , the ministry said . The boat 's location suggested it was en route to Europe or North Africa , it said . The chopper 's crew informed the ship 's captain about the boat , and U.S. Coast Guard personnel who were on the frigate then boarded the boat . They found 45 bales of cocaine weighing a total of 900 kilograms  just under a ton  , the defense ministry said . The cocaine has a minimum street value of $ 80 million , the ministry said . The bust went smoothly with no violence , defense officials said . Navy crew detained the five men on the boat , which was in poor condition and later sank . William is in the middle of a two-month attachment with the Royal Navy as part of his continued experience with various branches of the military . The prince , who is called sub lieutenant Wales in the navy , is also expected to spend time aboard a mine hunter and submarine during his attachment , which ends August 1 . William 's vessel , the Iron Duke , is a patrol boat which supports overseas British territories in the event of a hurricane and carries out counter-narcotic operations . William completed a four-month attachment with the Royal Air Force earlier this year and received his pilot 's wings on graduation in April . He learned to fly three different aircraft during the attachment and is known as Flying Officer Wales within the RAF . William is already a second lieutenant in the British Army , where he serves in the Blues and Royals regiment of the Household Cavalry . The attachments are designed to give the prince , who as king will be the head of the armed forces , experience with the military .	Prince William has helped the U.S. Coast Guard bust a drug smuggling boat Boat carrying cocaine with a street value of at least $ 80m , officials say Prince William helped spot the boat hundreds of miles northeast of Barbados
New York  CNN  -- Police hauled away protesters in various cities Sunday as Occupy Wall Street rallies continued for the 30th day . In Washington , D.C. , 19 people were arrested by Supreme Court Police , a spokeswoman said . New York authorities arrested 14 people for violating a midnight curfew by sitting in a fountain with no water at Washington Square Park . The number was in addition to 78 arrested Saturday in citywide protests . "  It was a classic peaceful sit-in , " said Paul Browne , the deputy police commissioner . In Chicago , a police spokesman said there were "  multiple " arrests early Sunday for disorderly conduct and violating an 11 p.m. curfew . And in Minneapolis , a woman was arrested for trespassing , CNN affiliate KARE reported . City police officials declined to comment . About 150 people were camped out under a canopy near city hall after police took away their tents , a Minneapolis protest organizer said . "  It 's cold . We do n't have any protection from the elements , " said organizer April Lukes-Streich . In New York , where the Occupy Wall Street movement started , authorities had warned protesters they would be arrested if they defied the curfew . Police stood guard at the entrance of Washington Square Park , sending protesters spilling out into nearby streets . They chanted anti-Wall Street slogans and banged drums as they wandered into the night . The arrests came hours after thousands marched to New York 's iconic Times Square on Saturday night , hoisting signs and chanting . Browne described the Times Square rally as orderly . As police cleared the street , protesters chanted , "  We are peaceful " and "  The whole world is watching . " In another part of the city , another group of protesters made their voices heard . "  Banks got bailed out , we got sold out , " chanted a crowd meandering east of the city 's Zuccotti Park , considered a home base for the Manhattan protesters . Columns of police on patrol and atop scooters monitored the march , but as dusk fell , it appeared largely peaceful . In addition to the nationwide rallies , demonstrations have picked up steam , culminating in a global day of protests Saturday in Europe , Asia and Australia . The Occupy Wall Street movement started last month as a backlash against the economy and what demonstrators say is an out-of-touch corporate , financial and political elite . Organizers say they are inspired by the Arab Spring that led to the toppling of regimes in Tunisia and Egypt . The founding movement in the United States has spread to other major cities in the nation . CNN 's Maria White , Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt and Logan Burruss contributed to this report	NEW : 19 people are arrested in Washington , D.C. In Chicago , a police spokesman says there are "  multiple " arrests At least 14 people are arrested for violating a New York park curfew early Sunday The New York protests are among several that took place in the U.S. and around the world
CNN  -- The world has a new alliance to save vanishing frogs , toads and salamanders . A frog swims in a pond in Munich , Germany , in June . A coalition of organizations established the Amphibian Survival Alliance this month to conserve species threatened by deadly fungus , habitat loss , pollution , pesticides and climate change . The scientists said amphibians are the world 's most threatened group of animals . Though they thrived on Earth for more than 360 million years , one in three of the 6,000 recognized amphibian species are now at risk of extinction and as many as 122 species have gone extinct since 1980 , according to the International Union for the Conservation of Nature 's amphibian specialist group . "  The world 's amphibians are facing an uphill battle for survival , " said James Collins of Arizona State University , co-chairman of the group . He said the new alliance , formed at the Amphibian Mini Summit at the Zoological Society of London , will focus efforts on the biggest threat to amphibians : infectious disease and habitat destruction . The group includes amphibian specialists working in the wild as well as those in zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens worldwide . "  Amphibians have so much to offer humans , " said amphibian specialist Simon Stuart . "  Many have an arsenal of compounds stored in their skin that have the potential to address a multitude of human diseases . " But as amphibians die out , so do opportunities to develop new medicines , he said . The southern gastric brooding frog , for instance , could have led to the development of a treatment for human peptic ulcers had it not gone extinct , Stuart said . "  We simply can not afford to let this current amphibian extinction crisis go unchecked , " he said . Andrew Blaustein , who began documenting amphibian declines two decades ago , said the loss of species was part of an overall biodiversity crisis . "  Amphibians seem to have been hit the hardest of all vertebrate species , " said Blaustein , a professor of zoology at Oregon State University . "  The long-term ecological repercussions of their decline could be profound , and we have to do something about it . "	Amphibian Survival Alliance aims to save threatened frogs , toads , salamanders One in three of 6,000 recognized amphibian species at risk of extinction , group says 122 amphibian species have gone extinct since 1980 , group says Amphibian species could help in development of medicines , scientist says
CNN  -- Once again , Syria is at a crossroads . Former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan deserves applause for brokering a ceasefire in a conflict where others have failed , and where some have been only too ready to press military buttons . Despite the seeming success of diplomacy , the conflict in Syria is far from over . This is only a new beginning . Make no mistake : Annan 's mission was not accepted by the regime in Damascus because they were instinctively in line with his thinking . Annan was embraced by the Chinese , Russians , and Syrians because he had come conveniently after the brutal killings in Hama and Homs . It was more timing than principle . If Annan had come while parts of Homs and Hama were under rebel control , then President Bashar al-Assad and his backers would have rejected the U.N. mission . Now that al-Assad has regained territory from the opposition , he is keen to be seen as a peacemaker . Annan 's proposals are ambitious , morally right , and urgently needed . From the need for a political process where opposition elements and the regime are in direct talks , to troop withdrawals , to providing humanitarian assistance , to releasing those arbitrarily detained and allowing free media access to respecting the freedom to protest peacefully . But al-Assad violated all of these principles previously , so why would he behave any differently now ? His calculation must be altered to realize that the fear that he and his father , Hafez al-Assad , had instilled in the hearts of many Syrians is now gone . Suppressing popular protests with tanks can not be repeated constantly with impunity , particularly after the U.S. presidential elections . The political will of the occupant of the White House next January could be stronger on intervening in Syria . It is a question of time before the conflict in Syria flares up again . Annan and the countries involved will only contain , mitigate and offset the parties for a limited time while the opposition regroups . Too much blood has been spilled , too many wounds are open to pretend that violence will not resume again .  Indeed , there were reports after the agreement was reached that violence had resumed in several areas of the country , where government troops were accused of shelling and burning homes , killing dozens . While Annan 's mission hopes to bring all sides to the table , the Syrian government and opposition can not risk the continuing escalation of violence . The answers to the conflict in Syria do not come from outside intervention , but from inside Syria 's opposition movement . Those within the opposition who have opted for violence must immediately return to nonviolence . The lesson of this last year is that the al-Assad regime will meet opposition violence with a disproportionate response and fight to the death . With no coherent leadership , with deep disunity and no real vision for a new Syria , the opposition is fighting for an empty cause . It is more productive in the long term , therefore , that it uses the hiatus provided by Annan to peacefully mobilize the masses inside Damascus and Aleppo , publish a manifesto that gains purchase from minority Syrians that sectarian violence will not rise in a post-Assad Syria , and bring on board the major religious , tribal and business figures inside country . Such measures will help build confidence among noninterventionists in the West , and will result in defections from the military and diplomatic top brass in al-Assad 's government . Failure to do the hard work at the grass-roots level inside Syria while demanding Western military support would be both naÃ ¯ ve and dangerous . Conversely , the regime knows its days are numbered . It can not butcher dissidents in Hama and Homs and expect to rule the country without introducing serious , substantial reforms . The constitutional referendum last month was held in haste to address the demand for this very thing . Not only does al-Assad need to win over the opposition 's more pragmatic actors , but it must demonstrate adherence to Annan 's plan . But knowing the conniving and deceptive nature of this regime , I do not believe it will sincerely adhere to the letter and spirit of the Annan proposals . Annan may well prove to be al-Assad 's last gamble . If he flunks this opportunity to allow for the six-point plan to demonstrably materialize , then it will be nigh impossible to stop Western firepower from pounding his presidential palace , apartments in Mezzeh , military barracks and bases in the Alawite mountains in Lattakia , Tartous and elsewhere . For his own sake , for the sake of his family and countrymen , al-Assad must deliver . Annan is his last warning , and last chance . He would be well advised to accept the invitations from Doha and Tunis to go into exile , save himself and his family from further danger , and rescue Syria from the increased risk of all-out civil war . The onus is on al-Assad , as much as it is on the opposition to illustrate that it can unite and offer a credible alternative to him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Husain .	Ed Husain says Kofi Annan 's deal with Syria 's government is a new chance for regime He says the plan to stop violence , allow humanitarian aid and more , is correct , crucial He says al-Assad is n't trustworthy , but if pact fails his chance at avoiding world response is slim Husain : Syrian government must stand down , opposition must unite to form credible alternative
CNN  Whoever wins the general election on May 7 will face international challenges reaching to the heart of a question that has bedevilled every London government since 1945 : what is , or should be , Britain 's role in the world ? As one of World War II 's victor countries , Britain helped shape the post-war international architecture . Notably , it gained a permanent seat , plus veto power , in the U.N. Security Council , which it retains to this day . But these battlefield laurels disguised fundamental weakness . The two world wars severely depleted Britain 's human and material resources . The heyday of the world 's largest-ever empire and of London and Liverpool 's control of a vast maritime trading network had passed . As the Cold War took global grip , the United States purposefully pushed Britain aside . The U.S. took over its military bases , its spheres of influence , and its markets . Conscious of its decline , London clung , slightly pathetically , to what it termed its "  special relationship " with Washington . Maintaining this key U.S. relationship is the most important foreign policy challenge facing Britain 's prime minister after May 7 . Whether that person is the Conservative party 's David Cameron or the opposition Labour party 's Ed Miliband makes no difference . Barack Obama 's arrival in the White House now looks like a watershed for bilateral relations . Unlike many of his post-war predecessors , Obama was no Anglophile . Indeed , his grandfather 's unhappy experience in colonial-era Kenya gave him reason to dislike the English . Obama the dispassionate analyst also found scant objective reason to prioritize the British alliance or Europe generally . Looking at the EU , he saw one dominant , friendly power -- and its capital was Berlin , not London . Looking the other way , to Asia , Obama saw opportunities and threats of far greater moment , centered on rising powers such as China and India -- hence his subsequent "  tilt " to Asia . Britain 's principal value to the U.S. lies with its defense capabilities . It proved a loyal if not especially effective ally in Afghanistan and Iraq . Although capacity has steadily declined in the past 30 years , Britain was seventh in the world in 2013 in terms of military spending and remains a dependable U.S. deputy within NATO . But the pre-election consensus is that the next British government will be obliged to slash defense spending again , probably below the 2 % of GDP threshold to which NATO members are pledged to maintain . Big cuts in army and air force numbers are in prospect . Maintaining even one modern aircraft carrier has become a real struggle . It is likely , on these trends , that Britain would be unable to contribute separately to any new international campaign , but would be obliged to place its troops under U.S. command , as General Raymond Odierno , U.S. army chief of staff , recently suggested . America 's top politicians , soldiers and diplomats , such as U.N. ambassador Samantha Power , are applying increasing pressure on Britain over defense expenditure , but with little joy so far . In time , this impasse could lead to a permanent rift . Worse still , in the U.S. view , is the possibility that a Labour-led government , potentially beholden to the unilateral nuclear disarmers of the Scottish National party , could slacken its commitment to Trident , the UK 's nuclear missile submarine fleet . The SNP says the country can no longer afford a nuclear deterrent , morally or financially . Washington 's worries about Britain 's role have been exacerbated by the lack of fight , as some see it , displayed by London when faced with the prospect of Scottish independence and the inevitable break-up of the United Kingdom . Similar concerns apply to Britain 's EU membership , which Cameron has placed in doubt by promising a national referendum by 2017 . The U.S. greatly values Britain as an informal , surrogate voice within the EU . But Washington 's interests aside , the EU is Britain 's biggest trading partner and a natural ally in terms of democratic values , and legal , social and cultural norms . An exit from the EU would satisfy minority hardline nationalists in the UK Independence party . But it would seriously undermine Britain 's standing in the world , in relation to Europe and to the emerging Brics powers . All this matters more than ever because , amid the developing disorder of the post-Cold War world , old certainties are being uprooted and new or revived threats are multiplying . The aggressive behavior of Vladimir Putin 's Russia is one obvious example . Another is the rise of international terrorism , most recently in the form of ISIS , also known as the Islamic State . Another is China 's hegemonic ambitions in the East China and South China seas , at the expense of neighbors such as Japan , the Philippines and Vietnam . On these issues , it seems that Britain , by design or not , has little concrete to contribute . London allowed Germany and France to take the lead on Ukraine diplomacy . Embarrassed by public criticism , Cameron belatedly sent a few army advisers to help train Kiev 's forces . Similarly , London 's military contribution to the fight against ISIS has been minimal , and confined to Iraq . Members of Parliament recently expressed strong dismay that Britain was doing so little . And as for Japan , ostensibly an important British ally , recent defense cooperation agreements do not disguise the likely infeasibility of sharp-end assistance . Indeed , as some see it , there is far too much British kow-towing to China . Disturbed by this evidence of decline , Britain 's political class comforts itself by arguing the country still leads by example . It still maintains a generous overseas aid budget , it mounts successful humanitarian missions such as in Sierra Leone during the Ebola outbreak , it remains a top five world economic power , and sometimes  though not always  it uses its U.N. and other platforms to stand up for democratic values and human rights . All this is true . But it is small consolation for a country that , 100 years ago , was a superpower with truly global reach . In the election campaign , foreign policy and the key 21st century international issues , such as climate change , have barely got a mention so far . This is not an accident . Britain 's horizons are narrowing . Its strength and global ambitions are fading . Its post-imperial destiny is that of a second-tier power . The trick is not to appear second rate .	Whoever wins May 7 election must answer this question , says Simon Tisdall : What is , or should be , Britain 's role in the world ? Tisdall : Maintaining U.S. relationship is most important foreign policy challenge facing Britain 's PM after May 7 But foreign policy and key 21st century issues , such as climate change , have barely been mentioned , he writes
CNN  -- Companies involved in the sinking of the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon made "  some very major mistakes , " Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said Thursday after meeting with executives from the oil company BP . Salazar would not elaborate , telling reporters in Houston , Texas , that the cause remains under investigation . But he said the failure of the rig 's blowout preventer -- a critical piece of equipment designed to shut off the flow of oil in an emergency -- was "  a huge malfunction " that has left oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico . "  The investigation will lead to conclusions about what exactly happened , but it did n't work the way it was supposed to work , " Salazar said . "  And from my own preliminary observations , there were some very major mistakes that were made by the companies that were involved . But today is not really the day to deal with those issues . " The Coast Guard and the Interior Department 's Minerals Management Service are leading the investigation into the loss of the drill rig , owned by BP contractor Transocean Ltd. . The slick has been spreading across the northern Gulf of Mexico since late April , when the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon blew up and sank about 40 miles off the mouth of the Mississippi River . Eleven missing workers who were aboard the rig are presumed dead . BP owns the damaged well at the heart of the slick . Efforts to shut down the well have failed , leaving it spewing about 210,000 gallons  5,000 barrels  of oil per day into the Gulf of Mexico . There was no immediate response to Salazar 's comments from BP , which has blamed Transocean . Salazar 's meeting with BP executives -- his second trip to Houston in less than a week -- comes as oil washed ashore on Louisiana 's barrier islands and drifted west past the mouth of the Mississippi River . Workers also prepared to lower a massive containment vessel over the Gulf of Mexico 's two-week-old undersea gusher . Have you been affected by the oil spill ? Share your story , images A pinkish-orange foam mixture of seawater and crude oil streaked across large stretches of water in the northern Gulf and turned up in the on the shores of the Chandeleur Islands , off southeastern Louisiana . Trace amounts of sheen had been reported on the shores of southeastern Louisiana over the past week , but the landfall reported Thursday appeared to the "  first impacts " of oil from the spill , Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry told reporters . Doug Suttles , chief operating officer for BP , said mild weather gave cleanup crews more time to attack the spill . More controlled burns were conducted Thursday , after BP and the Coast Guard used fire to destroy several thousand barrels of oil on the surface Wednesday , he said . But the spill was spreading westward and is projected to drift toward coastal parishes past the Mississippi River delta , spurring Louisiana to begin shifting preventive efforts to its southwestern coast , Gov. Bobby Jindal told reporters Thursday . "  That obviously opens up many more vulnerable areas along our coast , " Jindal said . "  We 're going to do everything we can to keep this oil out . " The National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration already has closed the area to fishing , restricting a multibillion-dollar industry in the region . Suttles said BP held a meeting with parish governments and state officials , who offered ideas for beating back the oily tide and leveled criticisms . "  What 's clear is this is their home , " he said . "  And what 's also clear is they 're passionate about protecting their home . " Under federal law , BP is responsible for capping the well and paying for the cleanup . The company shipped a four-story-high containment vessel to the site overnight and expected to lower it toward the seabed nearly a mile below the surface late Thursday , Suttles said . The hope is that the container will collect the leaking oil , which would be sucked up to a drill ship on the surface . If the operation is successful , BP plans to deploy a second , smaller dome to deal with a second leak in the ruptured pipe . But getting the large structure into position could take several days , and the technique has never been attempted at the depth of these leaks . "  If all goes according to plan by early next week we hope to make it operational , " Suttles said . "  As we always do , though , we stress this has never been done before . We 'll likely encounter numerous challenges , but we 'll remain committed to make it work . " BP has stopped the flow of oil from one of the three existing leak points from the sunken rig , but it was the smallest of the three leaks and did not affect the amount of crude pouring into the ocean . CNN 's David Mattingly contributed to this report .	Firms involved in rig 's sinking made "  very major mistakes , " Ken Salazar says Coast Guard scrambles to clean up first patch of oil known to reach shore Containment dome arrives on site above source of massive oil spill Officials hope dome will capture oil leaking 5,000 feet beneath Gulf of Mexico
Washington  CNN  -- A new political ad against Republican Scott Brown could easily have been an attack ad against Mitt Romney in 2012 . One of the toughest spots to hit Brown this cycle , the 30-second ad paints the former senator from Massachusetts as a "  yes man " to a large corporation that has outsourced jobs . While the ad never mentions Romney , who campaigned for Brown this summer , the outsourcing attack was a key strategy used by Democrats two years ago when Romney , a former private equity executive , was running for president . In the ad , released by Senate Majority PAC , the Democratic group highlights Brown 's ties with Kadant , a Massachusetts paper company that named Brown to its board of directors last year . Brown was ousted from Congress in 2012 , but he 's now fighting to reclaim a spot in the Senate , this time from New Hampshire where he 's challenging incumbent Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen . A $ 500,000 ad buy , the spot starts airing Tuesday on cable and broadcast and will run for two weeks . It 's the group 's fifth ad against Brown this cycle and comes as the Republican is in a dead heat with Shaheen , according to a new CNN/ORC International poll . New Hampshire Republicans have made their own outsourcing attacks against Shaheen . They point out that when she was governor of New Hampshire , part of the state 's food stamp program was outsourced to India . Elizabeth Guyton , communications director for Brown 's campaign , says the attack ad shows that "  Shaheen is getting desperate " and "  her D.C.-based special interest group allies have resorted to attacking Scott Brown with negative and false ads . "	A Democratic group is releasing a tough new ad on Scott Brown Brown is running for the U.S. Senate in New Hampshire The spot highlights Brown 's ties with a company that outsources jobs The ad is reminiscent of Democratic attacks against Mitt Romney in 2012
CNN  -- On the track , Regina Frazer is known humbly as saBOBtage . The pre-school teacher is co-captain of the Fairbanks Rollergirls in Alaska . As a jammer , it 's her job to get past the opposing team 's blockers to score points . Frazer 's size , strength and speed make her ideal for the position . That was n't always the case . When Frazer first joined the league in September 2009 , she weighed close to 260 pounds . She could barely complete 25 laps on the track without feeling sick . Since then she 's lost 100 pounds and 75 inches from her 5-foot , 7-inch frame . Learn more abut saBOBtage 's story on iReport "  It 's been incredible , " says Frazer 's teammate Kristen Thomas , a.k.a. Qwerty . "  She went from an overweight asthmatic who was on the slower side ... to become one of the fastest skaters that we have . " When Frazer and her husband , Steve , first moved to Fairbanks 14 years ago , they lived in what 's called the bush . It 's a term used to describe rural portions of the state where transportation and other modern conveniences are spotty at best . In the bush , residents rely on packaged food and whatever they can hunt . Frazer had just given birth to son Morgen . On a diet of Ramen noodles , spaghetti and caribou meat , she had difficulty taking off the pregnancy weight . Over time she and Steve packed on more insulation against the cold . In 2009 , 65 % of adults in Alaska were overweight or obese , according to the state 's Department of Health and Social Services . And more than three-quarters of adults did not consume the recommend five servings of fruits and vegetables each day . Food has to be shipped to Alaska , making fresh produce expensive , even in metropolitan areas . And with subarctic temperatures that often drop below zero , staying active outdoors is out of the question . Moving to Fairbanks opened up healthy opportunities for Frazer 's family . But it was n't until she put on her first pair of skates that she realized just how much her weight was slowing her down . "  My teammates liked my size -- I could use my weight to move people and be in their way , " she remembers . "  But I could n't move very fast . " In the fall of 2011 , Frazer 's teammates voted her co-captain of the roller derby team . "  It just kind of hit me , " she says . "  I needed to be a leader , and I felt like I needed to be an athletic leader . That was kind of the turning point . " Frazer talked to her husband and the pair did a complete overhaul of their diet . They reduced the amount of sugar they were eating , swapped white bread for whole grain and started planning high-protein meals with lots of vegetables . They cut out fast food and added daily exercise to their routine . On the new plan , Frazer 's husband and son also lost weight . Steve has now dropped more than 90 pounds . They 've also supported Frazer in her journey on the track , adopting derby nicknames : Steve as bench coach "  Burley " and 14-year-old Morgen as "  Trucker Chuck . " Frazer has gone from a size 22 to a size 8 . She can now skate 100 laps with no problem and no longer feels clumsy on her feet . "  I think she 's always had fun , " her teammate Thomas says . "  Now she feels empowered to do whatever she puts her mind to . She does n't feel as limited . She 's faster on her feet . She 's more comfortable in her body . " She 's also inspired her team and her community . Thomas ' partner has lost 50 pounds with Frazer 's help , and "  she 's inspired a lot of members of our league to take care of themselves . " Frazer has noticed the difference in her day job too . As a special needs teacher , she moves around a lot during the day -- crouching down to speak to a child then standing back up to take charge . "  I would go home at the end of the day feeling so tired , " she says . "  Now it does n't even faze me . My energy level is so outstanding -- I love it ! " Roller derby is kind of like football on wheels . The hits can be hard , but the camaraderie is stronger . After events the competing teams often go out together to socialize with beer and bar food . This could have been Frazer 's downfall . " -LSB- I 'd hear -RSB- ` Why are n't you eating ? You should have this . It 's OK , ' " she says . Instead of indulging , she carried around a cup of hot liquid , be it coffee , tea or chicken broth . For some reason , the hot beverage quelled her cravings . Still , Frazer credits her weight loss to the supportive roller derby community . She says she loves meeting new women whom she otherwise would n't know . Being a skater brings out the best in people , she says , whether it 's a competitive spirit or a slimmer self . Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport	Alaskan woman joins roller derby team at 260 pounds Skating helps her find the motivation to adopt a healthier lifestyle Daily exercise and diet changes helped her lose 100 pounds
CNN  -- Narain Karthikeyan is to return to Formula One this season after signing for the Hispania team . Karthikeyan , the first Indian to race in F1 , will be returning the circuit after a six - year absence . "  It 's been a while in the making , but I am extremely happy to be racing again in Formula 1 in 2011 , " he told the Spanish team 's official website . "  I am confident that I still have the pace , the fitness and the will to succeed in Formula 1 . "  I 'm also looking forward to racing at the first ever Indian Grand Prix in October , " added the 33-year-old . Karthikeyan , dubbed "  the fastest Indian in the world " raced for the now defunct Jordan team in 2005 and was a test driver for Williams in the following two seasons . Since then he has competed for India in the World Cup of Motorsport series and he has raced in the Le Mans 24-hour classic , finishing seventh . Hispania principal Colin Kolles hopes that Karthikeyan 's previous experience help can help his team . "  I have known Narain for a long time and he can revert to the experiences he gained when he was competing for Jordan Grand Prix and as reserve driver for Williams . "  I am sure that his experience and speed will be very useful for the team during the season . " Hispania finished 11th out of 12th in their first season in 2010 . They have yet to announce who will drive alongside Karthikeyan but have said Bruno Senna , who competed last year , is not in the line-up . In other motorsport news Friday , defending champion Carlos Sainz of Spain edged Volkswagen teammate Nasser Al-Attiyah by just nine seconds to take the Dakar Rally sixth stage and increase his overall lead . But three-time winner Stephane Peterhansel , who won the fifth stage , lost nearly 13 minutes after a puncture . Former double world rally champion . Ruben Faria of Portugal , riding a KTM , took the motorbike honors with Marc Coma of Spain continuing to lead overall .	India 's Narain Karthikeyan is to return to Formula One this season with Hispania Karthikeyan was the first Indian to compete in F1 back in 2005 Spanish team Hispania finished 11th out of 12 teams in debut in 2010 Carlos Sainz of Spain stretches lead in Dakar Rally after winning sixth stage
Stockholm , Sweden  CNN  -- A few days into the new year , it 's not too late to make some predictions . This year a few will still note the loss of Lehman Brothers , and many will continue to see the new U.S. president as an agent of major change . Swedes will mourn the death of SAAB and China will see the rise of the Geely-Volvo merger as a major change . But the really big changes in the world happen over decades and centuries , and so the 2010 world will be very similar to the pre-crisis world we had in 2007 . The Israel-Palestinian conflict will roll on and the strife in Afghanistan and Pakistan will continue . Chinese economic growth will continue , as will the U.S. trade and budget deficits . There will still be no malaria vaccine , and the European Union will continue to move slowly , slowly toward political unity . But in contrast to business as usual , I predict one major change in 2010 : This is the year when we will upgrade how we view the world . It became obvious during the financial crisis that we have moved from the G-7 to the G-20 world . Another way of putting it is that the world during the past few decades has changed from one of diverging to one of converging trends . This is a major change , because ever since the rise of the West started more than 200 years ago -- and until at least 1970 -- the world diverged into two groups . The West had 1 billion people with a life span of 70 years , two-child families , and an average annual income of $ 10,000 or more per person . The "  Rest , " known as the developing world , consisted of 3 billion people who lived shorter lives , had three times as many children per woman , and tried to survive on a tenth of the income of people in the West . But as the last century came to a close , in a very subtle way the diverging trends slowed down and were gradually replaced by a converging trend . The switch from a diverging to a converging world could first be noted in health and demography . The change to a converging world started in the bedrooms of what were to become the emerging economies . In 1968 , when Paul Ehrlich published "  The Population Bomb , " countries like China , India , Egypt , Vietnam , Iran , Brazil and Mexico had six to seven children born per woman . Today women in all these countries give birth to three , two or even fewer children , on average . In pillow talks of hundreds of millions of newlywed couples , a consensus was reached to have fewer children , and commitments were made to work hard to provide a healthier and better life for them . And the young couples in the emerging economies were successful . The fertility decline was combined with a fall in child mortality . Most surprising is the speed of these major social changes . The United Nations Millennium Goal set the target for all countries to reduce child mortality by 4.3 percent per year in the period 1990 to 2015 . How did young parents , governments and aid organizations jointly manage to improve this noble metric , to improve the chances of surviving childhood ? Due to the wise funding by USAID of the Demographic and Health Surveys , we know the answer . Since 1990 , Bangladesh , Egypt and Brazil have had an average annual rate of reduction in child mortality of 4.7 percent , 5.5 percent and 6.3 percent , respectively . This obviously represents a switch to a converging world , as the average annual rate of reduction of child mortality in Sweden was only 3.6 percent over the last century . Bangladesh is catching up to Sweden . In health and demography , the major countries in Asia , the Middle East and Latin America are progressing faster than the West ever did . The resulting population composition and health status enable these countries to grow their economies faster than the West ever had . The sequence of social and economic change is different . In Western Europe and North America , industrialization , technology and the market economy were the driving forces ; they were followed by social investments , health improvements , and eventually fertility decline . In the rising nations of Asia , the Middle East and Latin America , the sequence of events is almost reversed . First came basic education , improved survival and small families , which helped lead to fast economic growth that spurred technology development . Through efforts like the Gapminder Foundation , which turns data into animated graphics , we can see and explain the big but gradual global changes that rarely make it into breaking news . And the biggest one of all is this -- a converging world where we can look into the future and see the eventual end of Anglo-European world dominance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hans Rosling .	For hundreds of years , the West was richer , healthier than the rest of the world Hans Rosling says that started to change about 1970 He says people in emerging countries started having fewer children Rosling says people are now realizing that the two worlds are converging
CNN  -- "  Frances Ha " star Greta Gerwig is your new Ted . The 30-year-old actress , known mainly for her film work , has been cast as the lead in the pilot of CBS ' "  How I Met Your Mother " spinoff , "  How I Met Your Dad . " "  How I Met Your Mother " has been airing on CBS since 2005 and is one of the network 's flagship comedies . Created by Carter Bays and Craig Thomas , "  HIMYM " centers on Josh Radnor 's Ted and his friends as Ted recounts through a series of flashback stories how he met his future wife . For the spinoff pilot , Bays and Thomas are collaborating with "  Up All Night 's " Emily Spivey on a similar concept , but one with a gender reversal . This time , it 'll be Gerwig 's Sally who retraces how she met her partner . In its official description , CBS describes Gerwig 's character as "  a female Peter Pan who has never grown up and has no idea of where she 's going in life . " Faced with a breakup with her husband of less than a year , Sally turns to her friends and family for support , even though they 're "  often too willing to give ` good ' advice that can backfire badly . " Before signing on to "  How I Met Your Dad , " Gerwig was building a career mainly in indie film , including standouts such as "  Lola Versus , " "  To Rome With Love " and 2012 's "  Frances Ha , " which earned the actress a Golden Globe nomination . According to Deadline Hollywood , the creative team behind "  HIMYD " was so intent on landing Gerwig that "  the studio is willing to move production of the series to New York for her after the pilot , which will be shot in Los Angeles . " Gerwig will also serve as a producer on the comedy and is expected to pitch in with writing if the show is picked up as a series . CBS ' "  How I Met Your Mother " will air its series finale on March 31 .	CBS has cast Greta Gerwig in its "  How I Met Your Mother " spinoff The 30-year-old actress is known mainly for her film work "  How I Met Your Mother " will end this spring
CNN  -- In this dark and dismal year for college sports , when each scandal seems worse than the next , inspiration arrives in a motorized wheelchair . In a month when Penn State is dealing with child sex abuse charges against former assistant coach Jerry Sandusky , the fallout bringing down longtime head coach Joe Paterno and the university president , a reason to still believe in what 's good about college football will never play another down again . His name is Eric LeGrand , and you 'll find him Saturday on the field at Rutgers Stadium in New Jersey . He will be honored at the team 's annual Senior Day before a game against Cincinnati , and the expected crowd of more than 50,000 will no doubt save the loudest cheers for him . On October 16 , 2010 , he collided with Army kick returner Malcolm Brown while making a tackle . The collision left him paralyzed from the neck down , and when he awoke in the hospital , he was connected to a respirator that doctors said he would need for the rest of his life . "  I could barely turn my head , " LeGrand said . "  They had to roll me to change my position . It felt like I was going to die . That 's what it felt like . " But now , 13 months later , he can move his head and shoulders when he talks , his long braids moving as he does . He has attacked therapy the way he once went after weight-lifting records in the gym , and believes it is only a matter of time before he is walking back on the field at Rutgers . SI : Why LeGrand thinks he will walk again No one can say for sure if that will happen . But his belief that it someday will not only fuels him , but also has become a rallying cry that has spread from the Piscataway , New Jersey , campus across the country . LeGrand , 21 , has a way of touching people he 's met , from professional athletes to his teammates to the more than 26,000 fans who follow him on Twitter . "  Just right away , he had this positive energy and positive outlook on life , " said Alex Morgan , the breakout star for the U.S. women 's soccer team who became friends with him at a professional game in July . "  That 's what inspired me . I feel I 'm lucky to get to know him because he 's such an inspiring person . " He has inspired Bart Scott , the New York Jets linebacker , to support his "  Believe Fund " with T-shirt sales . He has spent time with nearly all the professional teams in the New York area , including Yankees stars Derek Jeter and Alex Rodriguez . Erin Andrews , the ESPN sideline reporter , reached out to LeGrand a few weeks after the accident . He caught her on a bad day when he called . "  Here I am , feeling sorry for myself and this sweet kid calls me , " Andrews said . "  It really put a new perspective on my life . I get emotional just thinking about it now . I thank him for that . " But he has n't just met celebrities . LeGrand has made inspiring others a goal for his life , regularly speaking to youth and school groups around New Jersey . Last month at a Jersey City middle school , students cheered from classroom windows as his wheelchair motored up to the entrance , waving signs with his name and No. 52 , his uniform number . He told the kids that he believes this is only the beginning of his journey , how any time life gets him down , he remembers there is always someone who has it worse than he does . "  I take this as a responsibility to get better , " he said . "  I do n't want to let everybody down who 's been behind my back . That 's what keeps me going every day . Even though I ca n't control when I 'm going to get up , but what I can control I take as a responsibility to do what I 've got to do to get better . " Near the end of the question and answer period that followed his speech , one shy girl walked to the front of the stage and asked him a blunt question : "  Did you ever ask God why this happened to you ? " "  I do n't ask God why , because I truly believe this happened for a reason , " he told her . "  I believe I 've been called upon to help other people out . I do n't ask God why this happened to me , because I know that question will be answered down the road when I am walking again , and I 've helped a lot more people believe in themselves . " That word -- believe -- has become his rallying cry . Spend time with him , and it 's easy to see how frustration could take over . LeGrand has no movement below his shoulders . It takes two hours , with his mother , Karen , and a physical therapist , to get him out of bed and dressed in the morning . His rehab sessions at Kessler Institute in West Orange are grueling . His occupational therapist places LeGrand 's left arm in a harness that suspends it . The therapist then uses electrodes to stimulate LeGrand 's pectoral muscles to move the arm toward his body , then LeGrand must hold it there for 30 seconds . His face will strain from the effort . "  This is my workout now , " he said . "  It 's crazy . I go from squatting 605 pounds to just trying to hold my arm up . " But LeGrand is smiling even when he makes that observation . The smile is almost always present . He calls 2011 "  the fastest year of my life , " and he keeps himself as busy as possible . He is back taking two classes at Rutgers , sports labor relations and criminal procedure , and is part of the school 's radio broadcast team at home games . LeGrand always thought he would try to get into broadcast after a career in the NFL . Now , he has accelerated that timetable , doing spots on both ESPN and CBS Sports recently in addition to his regular work during the pregame and halftime shows at Rutgers . Exactly one expert picked Rutgers to win the Big East title this year : LeGrand . If the Scarlet Knights , pegged to finish last in the preseason poll , win their final two games against Cincinnati and Connecticut , they 'll do just that . If they do , LeGrand will find himself in the national spotlight again . Rutgers finished 4-8 last season , and the devastating injury to LeGrand cast a pall over the entire campus . Now , his presence does the opposite . When he motors around the stadium on game days , fans call out his name and cheer , or stop him to explain how he 's touched their lives without knowing it . He is , in a dark time with scandal after scandal in college sports , a ray of light . "  It 's crazy , " said his sister Nicole . "  He ca n't even lift a finger but he 's touched an entire world . "	Football collision left Rutgers player Eric LeGrand paralyzed 13 months later , LeGrand can move his head and shoulders somewhat He maintains a positive outlook and believes he will walk again LeGrand : "  I believe I 've been called upon to help other people out "
CNN  They are superstars flown in from across the globe -- and they probably had more legroom than you . The world 's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for this week 's World Cup Finals . The man who arranged their travel says , for horses , it 's business class all the way . "  There are two horses per box , " explains Tim Dutta , who oversaw the loading of more than $ 150 million in equine talent onto a Qatar Airways flight at Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport earlier this month . "  We pay attention to each horse 's little idiosyncrasies and requirements -- do they like wet hay , or not ? Do we use sea salt to encourage them to drink ? "  I like the horses to have some quiet time too , they need that . So when the aircraft is at cruise then they are left alone for a while , to have a snooze and relax , without being bothered by anyone . " No horse is snoozing now . The flights are over and they 're in Las Vegas to work . Vegas is home to the finals for the sixth time since first hosting showjumping in 2000 . The venue is the Thomas & Mack Center , a stone 's throw from the Strip , which had the distinction of being opened by Frank Sinatra and Diana Ross in 1983 . Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week 's event , which boasts an $ 8 million budget . Expect Elvis Presley beaming down from the Jumbotron ; chefs from the Bellagio serving VIP guests who paid upwards of $ 1,500 a ticket ; and tennis legend Steffi Graf presenting the trophies . In the past , that was not your usual showjumping and dressage atmosphere -- but that 's something the sport is trying to change . Hosting world-class horsesport in Vegas is a way to raise its profile in the United States . As with this month 's showjumping on Miami Beach , the thinking is location , location , location . For the riders , few locations are comparable . "  It 's like a Wrigley Field feel , " said Tim Keener , one of the Vegas organizers , describing how the bowl of the arena will seat spectators unusually close to the action . Showjumping comes here for the showbiz . In previous years , trophies have been handed out by flying showgirls descending from the rafters . Elvis impersonators have burst into the arena on horseback . This year , a "  selfie booth " will let fans crowd in with leading riders for awkward photos on their phones -- and there will be quite some choice of riders . Since the World Cup Finals are among the most prestigious titles available , the cast list over the next four days features almost all of the world 's top names . In showjumping , Germany 's Daniel Deusser is both the defending World Cup champion and the new world No. 1 , unseating Britain 's Scott Brash . The Germans are the most successful nation at the World Cup Finals , with 10 showjumping victories , and three-time champion Marcus Ehning will also compete . The hosts have a superstar and 2013 champion in Beezie Madden , while 2012 champion Rich Fellers will ride aptly named "  comeback king " Flexible , a horse undeterred by a series of illnesses and injuries which would have seen almost any other stallion retire . In dressage , Britain 's Charlotte Dujardin and Valero are the runaway favorites to successfully defend last year 's World Cup title . The partnership is the first ever to hold the World Cup alongside Olympic , world and European gold . Few riders are expected to mount a serious challenge if Dujardin and Valegro perform well , but watch out for Germany 's Isabell Werth and up-and-coming US rider Laura Graves . Graves , 27 , has barely spent a year on the U.S. senior team , yet finished fifth in last year 's World Equestrian Games on board Verdades . The action begins on Thursday , April 16 , with dressage reaching a climax on the Saturday and showjumping a day later . But if you miss it , the chances are you wo n't have to wait long for another chance . Vegas is so in love with horses , organizers are already planning a bid to bring the event back in 2019 .	Horses complete transatlantic trip to Las Vegas in ` business class ' luxury 80,000 fans expected as organizers spend $ 8m bringing horses back to Vegas Celebrity chefs and legends of sport will mix with top jumping and dressage riders World Cup Final trophies to be won -- some of the most prestigious in the sport
Paris , France  CNN  -- France entered a fifth day of nationwide strikes Saturday as tens of thousands of protesters took to the streets , rallying against a government proposal to raise the national retirement age to 62 . Protesters formed a line stretching two miles long near the historic Bastille Square in Paris , waving banners and shouting insults against the government of President Nicolas Sarkozy , CNN 's Jim Bittermann reported . France 's Interior Ministry said some 825,000 protesters turned out nationwide , while labor unions -- who oppose upping the retirement age -- said 3.5 million protesters attended the more than 200 demonstrations across the country Saturday . Emotions ran high in France as the pension debacle continued to pit the government against French unions . Analysts say pension reform will likely be a defining moment in Sarkozy 's presidency . Despite repeated national strikes over the controversial proposal , France 's National Assembly on Wednesday approved Sarkozy 's pension reform bill which would raise the national retirement age from 60 to 62 . The proposal passed 329 to 233 , but still must pass the Senate to become law . The Senate is expected to vote October 31 . In the meantime , throngs lined up on Saturday outside gas stations amid fears of fuel shortages as 10 of 12 oil refineries participated in the strikes . Only two of the refineries in France were in full production Saturday , according to the Union of French Petroleum Industries . But French Finance Minister Christine Laguarde told RTL radio in an interview Saturday that the country has several weeks worth of fuel stocks , saying "  the government confirms there is no shortage . " Yves Le Goff , a spokesman for the French Oil Industry Association , on Friday also said there is currently no rupture in the fuel supply , but that did not stop consumers from lining up at gas stations across the country to stock up on fuel , just in case . The work stoppage at the refineries had a direct effect on the two main Paris airports , Orly and Charles de Gaulle . Both are supplied by a pipeline that comes directly from refineries that were shut down Friday , according to Trapil , the company that owns the line . But a French transport ministry spokesman told CNN late Saturday that the pipeline supplying fuel to the airports has been reopened and is operating normally . While more than a dozen unions and federations have called for workers to strike , not everyone walked off the job . Officials at the Ministry of Education , for example , said only 30 percent of its sector was affected . Workers from both the public and private sectors are on strike , including those in transportation , education , justice , hospitals , media and banking . The strikes have also led to a reduction in train services throughout France . Blasting Sarkozy during a CNN interview Saturday , Paris Mayor Bertrand Delanoe accused the French president of "  arrogance . " "  It 's three years this has been going on ... three years of stupidity on stupidity ... arrogance on arrogance . . even verbal violence on his part against some categories of French citizens , " said Delanoe . But Sarkozy insists the changes are needed because rising life expectancy increases the financial burden on the pension system .	NEW : Fuel line from refineries to Paris airports is back on Tens of thousands protest in Paris alone , police say Demonstrators oppose the government raising retirement age Fuel fears arise as refinery workers join strikes
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Oscar given Orson Welles for "  Citizen Kane " some 70 years ago sold for $ 861,542 in an online auction that ended Tuesday , a Los Angeles auction house said . The best screenplay award for 1941 was the only Academy Award for the legendary writer , director , actor , although he was given an honorary award "  for superlative artistry and versatility in the creation of motion pictures " nearly 30 years later . Nate D. Sanders Auctions did not identify the winning bidder , but the company did reveal that illusionist David Copperfield was an unsuccessful bidder . "  Orson Welles was not only a magician of the cinema , but also a performing magician himself , " Copperfield said , according to a news release from the auction house . Welles was 25 when he wrote , directed and starred in "  Citizen Kane , " which the American Film Institute picked in 2007 as the top film of the previous century . The golden statuette 's controversial history includes a court fight with the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , which tried to stop another auction in 2003 . An academy official testified then that the award 's value was at least $ 1 million . A judge cleared the way for auction with a ruling in 2004 that Welles never signed the academy 's agreement not to sell the trophy , according to Nate D. Sanders Auctions spokesman Sam Heller . The academy , which aggressively challenges efforts to sell Oscar trophies , was successful three years ago in stopping the sale of two Oscars awarded to silent film star Mary Pickford . A Los Angeles jury ruled the descendants of a woman who was married to Pickford 's third husband could only sell the statuettes back to the academy for a price of $ 10 . Heller would not identify the seller , although it was known to be in the hands of Beatrice Welles , the actor 's youngest daughter , after she recovered it from a planned auction in 1993 . It had been "  assumed to be lost " for decades but was apparently in the hands of a cinematographer who got it from Welles , Heller said . An attempt to sell it at auction in 2007 failed to draw a buyer , Heller said . It was included in a lot of historical manuscripts , not movie memorabilia , he said . "  Citizen Kane , " Welles ' first feature film , was nominated for nine Oscars but won just for best screenplay , which Welles shared with co-writer Herman J. Mankiewicz . Welles , who portrayed a fictional media tycoon , lost to Gary Cooper in "  Sergeant York " for the best actor award . John Ford 's direction of "  How Green Was My Valley " beat Welles for best director .	The "  Citizen Kane " best screenplay Oscar is the only Academy Award for Welles The statuette has a controversial legal history Illusionist David Copperfield fails in his bid to buy the Oscar , the auction house says The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences discourages Oscar sales with legal actions
Archaeologists working under the direction of the Israeli Antiquities Authority have uncovered a 1500-year-old road running through the center of Jerusalem 's Old City . Excavation director Dr. Ofer Sion said the discovery lends further credence to the accuracy of what is known as the Madaba Map - a Byzantine period mosaic map of the Holy Land that depicts an entrance into Jerusalem that leads to a single central street . Archaeologists working in Jerusalem have made various finds to suggest the Madaba map was geographically correct , but the road depicted in the mosaic had not been found . "  It is proof of this beautiful map and for this street from the Byzantine period " Sion told reporters at the dig location . The ancient road was found near the Jaffa Gate of Jerusalem 's Old City 4.5 meters under current street level when municipality workers initiated an infrastructure improvement project . The road dates from the period when Jerusalem was under Christian control and was constructed with large flagstones of more than a meter in length . Sion said the road connected the western wall of the city to the eastern side of Jerusalem and commented that at that time "  hundreds of thousands of people are reaching the city , pilgrims from all over the world , and they are coming to Jerusalem and entering through the gate and going down the center , to the market of the city . They are going down in this street ... " Next to the road archaeologists also discovered a stone foundation which supported a sidewalk and a row of columns . In a written statement Sion remarked "  It is wonderful to see that David Street , which is teeming with so much life today , actually preserved the route of the noisy street from 1,500 years ago " . Other artefacts discovered in the excavation included coins , pottery vessels , and five bronze weights that are believed to have been used by merchants for weighing precious metals . The Madaba map , is large 8 X 16 meter mosaic located in the apse of the church of Saint George in Masdaba , Jordan . It is the oldest known cartographic representation of the Holy Land and at it 's center is a detailed depiction of Jerusalem in the 6th century C.E. . The mosaic has served as a guide to historians and archaeologists as to what Byzantine period Jerusalem may have looked like and depicts many landmarks that survive until this day including the Church of the Holy Sepulchre and Damascus Gate .	Ancient road uncovered running through Jerusalem 's center Discovery lends credence to Byzantine Madaba Map theory Road found near Jaffa Gate , 4.5 meters under current street level
CNN  -- Climate skeptics are indicative of societies in decay . So said Mohamed Nasheed , president of the Maldives . Speaking at CNN 's Earth 's Frontiers debate in Seoul , Nasheed said he was looking for a greater urgency from countries and business across the world in dealing with the problems caused by climate change . Rather than a slow decay , Nasheed 's own nation is faced with a rapid extinction caused by a rise in sea-levels , according to many climate scientists . Joined at the debate by filmmaker and environmentalist James Cameron , Puma 's CEO Jochen Zeitz , and Changhua Wu of The Climate Group , Nasheed noted what was at stake when talking about future energy sources . "  I think it 's going to be very difficult for the Maldives to survive if business goes as usual , " he said . "  I think it 's time especially for big emitter countries to find alternatives and move forward . If not , it 's not just going to be the Maldives , it 's going to be all of us . " Instead of revisiting the divisions that flared between countries at the Copenhagen climate summit in December , Nasheed struck a more inclusive tone on how countries can work together to create a carbon-neutral future . "  I do n't think this is an issue of developed and developing countries . Given the opportunities ,  developing countries  would have done the same . "  But of course industrialized countries have more capabilities and more means , and there are people who are in trouble . If they want to lend a hand , that 's the decent thing to do . " Zeitz took a stand for businesses taking the initiative in promoting renewable energy by saying that business can not wait for government action . "  We ca n't wait for the perfect solutions . It 's trial and error , " he said . Puma has a carbon neutral HQ in California and two of its factories operate off-grid . Zeitz said he was committed to fostering responsible businesses . "  If you plan your business out for the long run , you have to plan with renewable energies and eliminate carbon footprints . Business ultimately has caused a lot of the environmental degradation we see around the world , so business is there to also fix it , " he said . A number of solutions that balance energy production and environmental protection exist , but the panel took different stands over a particular hydroelectric damn project in the Brazilian state of Para . Cameron had recently visited the region to campaign against the dam , but as a a head of state immediately threatened by rising sea-levels , Nasheed took a different view . "  Reducing the amount of carbon in the atmosphere is the priority right now , " he said . "  If Brazil does that through damming their rivers , I would say , go ahead and do it . I think a number of countries are unable to understand the mathematics of the whole issue . If we can not become carbon-neutral by mid-century , then we wo n't be around here . It 's as simple as that . " Zeitz disagreed : "  You have to look at carbon holistically . We live in a connected world where conservation , community , culture all have to play together , " he said . Wu touched upon China 's position as the world 's largest emitter of greenhouse gases as well as its biggest investor in renewable energy projects . "  No matter how much China invests today , it 's not just a one country issue . More importantly we need to work together in order to deal with the core issue , " she said . Ultimately that core issue for Cameron was getting a greater consensus that climate change itself was a serious , global problem . "  The fundamental problem out there is how many people  do n't  actually believe there 's a problem , " he said . "  The most powerful force on the planet right now is the ability of individuals to communicate with each other . I believe in the power of ideas . People can certainly make a difference in the way they live , if they 're motivated . The important thing is to get the ideas out there . " What do you think ? Should governments or businesses be doing more ? Use the soundoff box , below , to have your say and send an iReport to show how you are going off-grid .	President Nasheed of Maldives wants more help and action in coping with climate change Puma 's CEO thinks businesses should lead in drive towards renewable energy James Cameron believes climate skepticism is still a great problem Earth 's Frontiers debate took place in Seoul , South Korea
CNN  -- Seventy-five Australian soldiers killed in the World War I battle of Fromelles have been identified , the first of about 250 whose remains were discovered at the site in France more than a year ago . The 75 soldiers were identified by name , Australian defense officials said Wednesday . A further 128 bodies were identified as being Australian . "  The number of soldiers that we have been able to identify exceeds even our most optimistic forecasts , " said Greg Combet , Australia 's minister for defense personnel , materiel and science . About 2,300 British and Australian troops were killed in the battle and thousands more were wounded , captured or left missing in action when they were ordered to charge into German machine guns July 19 , 1916 , in northern France . So many died that night that British and Australians could not recover all their dead . German soldiers buried hundreds of them in mass graves , which were rediscovered in 2008 . The battle of Fromelles remains the most fatal 24-hour period in Australian military history , Australian defense officials have said . Combet said officials are unlikely to identify every soldier at Fromelles , though they will try . DNA was key to identifying the soldiers , but historical , anthropological , and artifact evidence was also used , he said . "  I am also pleased to say that we have strong reason to believe that more identification could occur in the future , " he said . Excavations of the mass grave began in May 2009 and lasted until September . The Commonwealth War Graves Commission , which builds and maintains cemeteries for Commonwealth troops who died in the two world wars , built a cemetery near the site of the battle where the excavated troops are being reburied . The Pheasant Wood cemetery was the first full cemetery it had constructed in more than 50 years , the commission said . "  All but one of the soldiers have been reburied in individual graves in the purpose-built Fromelles  Pheasant Wood  Military Cemetery , " said Alan Griffin , Australia 's minister for veterans affairs . Those whose identities can not be determined will be marked by a headstone reading "  Known unto God , " the commission said . The final soldier will be buried at a special ceremony in July to mark the 94th anniversary of the battle , he said . "  The new cemetery is a fitting resting place for these brave men , who made the ultimate sacrifice , " he added . The Australian Department of Defence released photographs of some of the 75 men whose remains were identified . They include Cpl. Herbert Thomas Bolt of Sydney , Australia , of the 55th Battalion , who peers out from the picture wearing a slouch hat , a wide-brimmed hat pinned up on one side that is a trademark of the Australian Army . Private Henry Alfred Cressy , from New South Wales , of the 54th Battalion , sits for a portrait while wearing his military uniform . Private Clifford Dawson Holliday , also from New South Wales and the 54th Battalion , smiles in his picture while wearing a peaked cap . The men 's ages were not immediately known . About 800 people from Britain and Australia who think they may have a relative buried at Fromelles have donated DNA to try to identify the bodies , said Peter Jones , the DNA consultant on the project . But that 's only half as many as the experts need , he said , since about 1,600 Commonwealth dead from the battle remain unaccounted for . The Ministry of Defence urged people who believe they have a relative at Fromelles to get in touch . The 250 bodies being buried at Pheasant Wood are among the 1,600 . Personal items found with the bodies have also helped experts identify them . In addition to military decorations , uniforms , and buttons , the items include personal effects such as a locket with a lock of hair , and a return ticket to Perth , Australia -- left on the body of a soldier who never lived to use it . A full list of the soldiers identified and also their photos is available on the Australian Department of Defence Web site . CNN 's Richard Greene contributed to this report .	Seventy-five Australian soldiers killed in World War I battle of Fromelles identified About 2,300 British , Australian troops killed on July 19 , 1916 , in northern France Germans buried hundreds in mass graves , which were rediscovered in 2008 Battle of Fromelles is most fatal 24-hour period in Australian military history
CNN  -- In the early morning hours Saturday , surviving remnants of a NASA satellite re-entered Earth 's atmosphere over a remote stretch of the southern Pacific Ocean , the U.S. space agency said Tuesday . Nick Johnson , NASA 's chief scientist for orbital debris , said on the agency 's website that the re-entry point was in the general vicinity of Christmas Island , south of Indonesia . "  It 's unlikely that anyone actually observed the re-entry , " Johnson said , adding that NASA has yet to receive any reports of a sighting from airplanes , ships or island inhabitants in the region . A NASA statement on the website , labeled the final status report on the falling satellite , said it entered the atmosphere at 0400 GMT Saturday , midnight on the U.S. East Coast , over "  a broad , remote ocean area in the Southern Hemisphere . " The exact coordinates cited by NASA were 14.1 degrees south latitude and 189.8 degrees east longitude  170.2 west longitude  . According to the statement , debris would have landed 300 to 800 miles northeast of the re-entry point . The Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite was launched in 1991 on a space shuttle mission and ceased its scientific life in 2005 , the NASA statement said . It broke into pieces during re-entry , NASA said , with 26 chunks weighing a total of 1,200 pounds considered likely to reach the Earth 's surface . According to NASA , space debris the size of the satellite 's components re-enters the atmosphere about once a year .	NASA has not received any reports of people seeing the falling debris The satellite debris entered the atmosphere between Australia and Africa About 26 pieces , some weighing hundreds of pounds , were expected to survive re-entry
CNN  -- Racial profiling "  should be a hate crime investigated by the FBI , " filmmaker Tyler Perry wrote in a Facebook posting Sunday in which he described his own tense encounter with police . "  It was so hostile , " Perry , who is African-American , wrote . "  I was so confused . It was happening so fast that I could easily see how this situation could get out of hand very quickly . I did n't feel safe at all . " Perry , one of America 's most successful film and television producers , said "  although we have made significant strides with racial profiling in this country , the world needs to know that we are still being racially profiled . " His posting , which has drawn more than 101,000 "  likes " and 18,426 comments , told what happened when two white police officers stopped him while driving from his southwest Atlanta movie studio last month . Perry has directed and acted in at least 16 feature films . But his movies are most popular among African-American audiences and Perry is often dressed in drag as his "  Madea " character . The misunderstanding and tension described by Perry suggests that the two white officers did not recognize Perry as one of Atlanta 's richest and best-known citizens . It happened "  a few days " before Perry hosted President Barack Obama at his studio on March 17 , he said . Obama was in Atlanta that day to campaign and attend fundraisers . "  Most times when I leave the studio I have an unmarked escort , " Perry wrote . "  Other times I constantly check in my rearview mirror to be sure that I 'm not being followed . It 's a safety precaution that my security team taught me . " Police pulled him over after he made a left turn from the right lane , he said . It was an illegal turn , the officer told him . "  I signaled to get into the turning lane , then made the turn because I have to be sure I 'm not being followed , " Perry said he told the officer . "  Why do you think someone would be following you ? " the officer , standing at his driver 's door , asked . He then heard "  a hard banging " on his passenger-side window , Perry wrote . "  I had never been in this position before so I asked the officer who was at my window what was going on and why is someone banging on the window like that , " Perry wrote . "  Let your window down , let your window down . Your windows are tinted , " he said the officer told him . When Perry lowered the passenger window he saw a second officer standing there . "  What is wrong with you ? " that officer said . "  He thinks he 's being followed , " the first officer said . "  Why do you think someone is following you ? " asked the other . "  What is wrong with you ? " The officer on the driver 's side then reached into the car "  pulling on the switch that turns the car on and off , " Perry said . "  Put your foot on the brake , put your foot on the brake ! " Perry said the officer commanded . "  I was so confused as to what he was doing , or what he thought he was doing , " Perry wrote . "  It looked like he was trying to pull the switch out of the dashboard . " Perry wrote that he then realized the officer was trying to grab the key , which was not there . "  I reached down into the cup holder to get the key , not realizing that the key had a black leather strap on it , " Perry wrote . "  As I grabbed it they both tensed up and I dropped it as I heard my mother 's voice from when I was a little boy . " "  If you get stopped by the police , especially if they are white policemen , you say ` yes sir ' and ` no sir ' , and if they want to take you in , you go with them , " Perry said his mother often told him . "  Do n't resist , you hear me ? Do n't make any quick moves , do n't run , you just go . " "  It was n't until after I heard her voice that I realized that both of these officers were white , " he wrote . The first officer asked him again "  Why do you think someone is following you ? " "  I think you guys need to just write the ticket and do whatever you need to do , " Perry said he told them . "  We may not let you go , " the officer said . "  You think you 're being followed , what 's wrong with you ? " Another police cruiser pulled up after Perry stepped out of his car , he said . "  This officer was a black guy , " Perry wrote . "  He took one look at me and had that ` Oh No ' look on his face . " He was finally recognized . The black officer spoke "  in a hushed tone " to the two white officers , he said . "  After that , one of the officers stayed near his car while one came back , very apologetic , " Perry wrote . Perry did not identify the officers or specify which police department in the Atlanta metropolitan area they were from . Perry posed a question to his readers : "  Do you see how quickly this could have turned for the worse ? " "  Now I know that there are many great officers , patrolmen and security guys out there , " wrote Perry , who employs a small army of his own security officers to guard his movie studio . He then made an apparent reference to the killing of Florida teenager Trayvon Martin , who was shot by a man who told police he feared for his life . "  I 'm not sure how a murder in Florida can be protected by a ` stand your ground law , " he wrote . Perry also raised the cases of two missing men -- one black and one Mexican -- last seen in the back of a deputy 's patrol car in Naples , Florida , in 2004 . Perry wrote that he has been "  screaming at the top of my lungs " about the disappearances of Terrance Williams and Felipe Santos . "  They were never arrested , never brought to jail , " Perry wrote . Perry finished his Facebook posting in all caps : "  RACIAL PROFILING SHOULD BE A HATE CRIME INVESTIGATED BY THE FBI !!! "	"  It was so hostile , " Perry says of a recent traffic stop The filmmaker uses Facebook to detail events when two white police officers stopped him Tense encounter happened "  a few days " before Perry hosted President Obama at his studio "  Do you see how quickly this could have turned for the worse ? " Perry writes
CNN  -- Camelot is real . The name synonymous with King Arthur 's mythical kingdom of round tables , opulence and heroism has arrived . But hold your horses . This ` Camelot ' is no fantastical castle in a medieval woodland . This is a three-year-old colt with designs on a very different fairytale crown . Trainer Aiden O'Brien is not normally prone to lack of self-belief . Yet even the taciturn Irishman admits that the bid by his star colt Camelot to become the first horse since Nijinsky to win the Triple Crown -- the 2,000 Guineas , the Epsom Derby and the St Leger Stakes -- is "  pushing the boat out . " The horse with the mythical name has so far lived up to his billing , having swept aside all comers in a fairytale three-year-old campaign that has already seen him capture the 2,000 Guineas and the Derby , scooping up the Irish Derby on the way . But in Doncaster he will face the biggest test of his career when he steps up to the one-and-three-quarter mile distance for the first time . "  It will really expose the horse , " O'Brien admits . "  We know he has speed and stamina and courage but this is asking for that extra stamina . " If Camelot can handle the extra distance he will join an elite group of just 15 horses who have claimed the world 's oldest continuous sporting competition . The last of those , Nijinsky , was back in 1970 . His predecessor , Bahram , won his treble 35 years before that . Nowadays , very few horses even attempt the hat-trick -- the extreme versatility required to win races ranging from a mile to one-and-three-quarter miles is simply beyond the repertoire of most three-year-olds . "  Very few have the capacity to do it , " agrees O'Brien . "  For a horse to win the Guineas over a mile and then go to the Derby , if you get the Derby trip -LSB- 1Â 1/2 miles -RSB- you 're very lucky . Now we 're asking him to go that little bit further . " A victory in the St Leger would be the crowning glory of a sensational season for O'Brien , which has seen his Ballydoyle operation make a clean sweep of all the English Classics so far -- the 2,000 Guineas , the Derby and their fillies ' equivalents , the 1,000 Guineas and the Oaks . Tucked away behind wrought-iron gates in a quiet corner of Ireland , on a misty morning Ballydoyle captures something of the air of the original Camelot legend -- King Arthur 's symbolic seat and emblem of the Arthurian world . If Aiden O'Brien represents King Arthur , then his son , 19-year-old Joseph , is the trusty Galahad . He has ridden the colt in all of his starts to date and will play a decisive role in masterminding his race on Sunday . It 's a working relationship that demands implicit trust between father and son . As far as tactics for the race are concerned . "  That 'll be left to Joseph . I presume he 'll take his time on him , he usually does . That 's the way he rides every race , he rides it by feel and takes it as it comes . " At just 19 , Joseph has already ridden more Classic winners than most jockeys will in a lifetime . But at nearly six-feet tall , the lanky teenager is surely riding on borrowed time as far as a sustained career as a flat jockey is concerned . "  I try not to think about it too much , " says Joseph . "  However long I last , I last . " A victory in the Triple Crown in what may be one of his final seasons on the flat would lend added poignancy to what has already been an omen-laden endeavour ; the last horse to win the Triple Crown , Nijinsky , was trained at the very same Ballydoyle stables that Aiden O'Brien now occupies by a different O'Brien , legendary trainer Vincent . Although the two O'Brien clans are not related , it is a further example of how normative determinism has played a fateful role in the colt 's career to date . Camelot 's owners -- Messrs. Derrick Smith and Michael Tabor and Mrs John Magnier -- had eagerly awaited a horse to come into their possession who was worthy of the name . In the handsome bay with the interrupted white blaze , they found the perfect specimen . Purchased out of the sales ring as a yearling for 252,000 guineas  $ 426,018  , he quickly asserted himself as one of the leading two-year-olds of his generation . In a sport where early promise is not necessarily a guarantee of future staying power , Camelot has not put a foot wrong , amassing more than $ 2.5 million in prize money over his two seasons on the track , in which he has remained undefeated in all five of his races . Camelot was sired by the great Montjeu , who was also responsible for fellow Derby winners Motivator , Authorized and Pour Moi . Tellingly , he also sired St Leger winners Scorpion and Masked Marvel  the 2011 champion  . Montjeu passed away earlier this year after suffering complications from septicaemia , meaning that a career at stud is now a certainty for Camelot . The St Leger , therefore , will likely be the swansong of his meteoric career . The blood that flows through Camelot 's veins is now simply too valuable to risk in further outings on the track . Despite that , Camelot is roundly quoted as the favorite for next month 's Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in France , Europe 's most prestigious race . Victory at Longchamp would see Camelot finally step out of the shadow of Nijinsky , who finished second in the Arc following his Triple Crown . Could Camelot 's owners be tempted to give their colt one final shot at posterity ? It seems unlikely . Montjeu 's stable at nearby Coolmore -- the nerve centre of the Magniers ' Irish breeding operation -- still has his name above the door , having not been given to another stallion . There seems only one likely occupant in the near future . But before he can begin to contemplate a future servicing mares , first there is the small matter of the St Leger . Camelot 's main challenger will be the John Gosden-trained Thought Worthy , who represents his trainer 's best chance of landing a treble of his own in the form of three consecutive St Leger victories . O'Brien is realistic about his chances : "  Everybody knows the Triple Crown is very difficult to win . "  I ca n't tell you how hard it is to win any of those big races . We do our very best every day and sometimes it 's good enough and sometimes it 's not . "  So many things have to happen to get the horse right , get everybody together and for the thing to happen on the day . It 's just something that I could n't even dream about . " One suspects that O'Brien is dreaming , however ; dreaming of English racing 's Holy Grail .	Camelot aiming for triple crown at St Leger Stakes , winning the Epsom Derby and 2,000 Guineas Trainer Aiden O'Brien admits it will be a big stretch for the three-year-old colt His jockey son Joseph will be masterminding the race , already racing Camelot in all of his starts The last horse to win hat trick was Nijinsky in 1970 , also trained at Ballydoyle stables
CNN  -- If you 've ever considered running away to join the circus , first you will need to impress someone like Krista Monson . The Canadian choreographer and former dance instructor is ultimately responsible for casting Cirque du Soleil 's 1,300-odd performers . She directs a team of 60 , including 21 talent scouts , who work in several countries and across social media platforms to find the world 's best gymnasts , trapeze artists , contortionists , jugglers , ballet dancers , parkour practitioners , clowns , mime artists , musicians , synchronized swimmers and cliff divers . Originally a small theater troupe formed by a stilt-walking , fire-breathing accordion player named Guy Laliberte , Cirque du Soleil began to tour in 1984 , as part of Quebec 's 450th anniversary celebration . Today , it 's one of the world 's biggest and best-known circus shows , the subject of a new 3D film by "  Shrek " director Andrew Adamson , and with licensing deals for shows featuring the music of Elvis Presley and Michael Jackson . This year , the company estimates nearly 15 million people will see one of its 21 shows , and it will take in more than $ 1 billion . More from Leading Women : The chess prodigy who beat men at their own game To audiences , a Cirque du Soleil show looks entirely fanciful , but there are serious logistics behind all that fantasy . Before joining the company in 2004 as artistic director -- which she says was like jumping on a fast moving train -- Monson choreographed the opening and closing ceremonies for the 2001 IAAF Athletics World Championships . It involved directing more than 1,000 people on a field for a year , working with a multitude of people from different cultural backgrounds and artistic disciplines within set corporate protocols . She says it was good preparation for her current role . "  You 're constantly balancing logistics with creative inspiration , " she said . "  What do you want this piece to say ? What is the message ? But at the same time you can not forget the logistical nightmare that you have to deal with . No amount of inspiration or creative genius will make that presentable . " Besides fulfilling some 500 artistic and acrobatic roles for existing Cirque du Soleil shows , Monson is also constantly on the prowl for new acts . "  Just when you think you 've discovered every discipline in the world , someone refers someone new and you ca n't categorize them ... " said Monson . "  We actually like those moments because we know we 're hopefully discovering something new . Cirque journeys through ` World of Cinema ' "  We  were  just referred a mermaid the other day , " she adds . "  A professional mermaid -- she 's absolutely stunning ... " Once new talent has been identified , signing them up can be a delicate matter . Dancers and actors often have agency representation while some sportspeople ca n't be approached until they have been released from competitive careers by their government . She also observes a particular protocol when approaching performers from longstanding circus families . "  There 's a certain ethic and a respect on our part -- maybe we will not approach the artist , maybe we will approach the grandfather or the father or the mother and tell them -- ask them -- ` Where is this artist in his or her career ? ' "  Because some of these circus families , they depend on each other .  A  flyer needs a catcher ; catcher needs a flyer . " Even after an elite performer has joined the company , there are still more challenges to overcome , in order to integrate them into Cirque du Soleil 's idiosyncratic , colorful mode of expression . "  They 're seasoned pros in what they do , and we want that high level , " Monson said . "  But we also want them to do dances in the background dressed in weird costumes . "  Even if you 're talking about an Olympic diver , artistic excellence is usually not something in their vocabulary . " Part of Monson 's job , she says , is coaxing elite athletes to take artistic risks , "  while assuring them that being foolish sometimes , or outside of your comfort zone , is noble . " See also : Gold medal sprinter teaches girls winning habits Monson 's own path to Cirque du Soleil came about while she was spending a year in Quebec studying French . A friend introduced her to one of the company 's first touring shows , "  Saltimbanco , " in 1992 . "  He said , ` You have to see what 's going on in the Montreal pier , ' and I saw the show and was inspired . You were n't told where to look and who to look at -- the lights did n't always direct you -- and so the freedom , as a spectator , was huge . You could really sit back and allow yourself to interpret . " Twelve years later , when Monson was working in Los Angeles , she was invited to interview for the role of artistic director : "  It was a very non-traditional job interview , " she said . "  The woman was asking me about what makes me passionate , and what makes my heart turn blue , and what makes my blood turn yellow . "  I thought it was a bit of a waste of time , frankly , but it 's not just about being on stage ; it 's about being in the Cirque du Soleil family . " Monson 's husband is Cirque du Soleil band leader Paul Shihadeh -- they met in a green room -- and she says their two sons have a "  crazy life " due to the scheduling challenges of their work . But that 's better than a banal life -- the thing , she says , she fears above all . "  My biggest fear is ... I do n't want to be normal . I 'm scared of prescribing to what I 'm supposed to be or supposed to be doing . I think that 's a big challenge for me , as a woman : I 'm a mother , we have children , they have friends , we have a community and we want to be part of it . "  But what makes my adrenaline go is to really embrace the world around us that is n't necessarily normal . " ` Cirque ' is no ordinary circus	Cirque du Soleil casting director Krista Monson is responsible for finding new acts She works with a team of 60 to identify and sign talent for the company 's 21 shows Monson attributes her success to having the humility to listen But a bit of friction can result in the best decisions , she says
CNN  -- He used to be found slugging it out for major tennis titles on the Centre Court turf at Wimbledon -- now Mark Philippoussis spends his time lapping up the surf in San Diego . After more than a decade in the pressure-cooker atmosphere of top-level tennis , and a stint as an eligible bachelor in a television dating show , the man who was known as "  The Scud " because of his fearsome serve and aggressive approach now prefers a slower pace of life . The 35-year-old enjoyed a 14-year career in the game , his pair of Davis Cup titles with Australia tempering the bitter sting of his two grand slam final defeats . But Philippoussis has swapped his racket for a board , and insists he is as dedicated to surfing as he was professional tennis . "  The first wave I stood up on and rode to the beach , I thought , ` This is what I am going to do for the rest of my life . ' I knew right then and there I was just hooked , " he told CNN 's Open Court show . "  It 's so hard to explain until you go out there and you surf -- you ca n't really explain what surfing does to you . For me it 's my meditation . People do yoga , they go on their runs and they see it as their way to release and for me it is getting in the ocean . "  Some of the things I have seen in the ocean -- whales and dolphins on a wave I 'm on , a dolphin underneath you -- it makes you feel so small but also at the same time that you are part of something so special . It 's an incredible thing , it 's amazing surf . " "  It 's completely in the now , my mind 's not wondering what I 'm going to do later , what I did yesterday , it 's only about being out there , being in the moment and surfing that wave , nothing else . " If life is a beach for Philippoussis now , it was n't towards the end of his career when injury blighted his final attempts to snare the one thing his resume lacked -- a major title . He lost twice in grand slam finals -- to compatriot Pat Rafter at the U.S. Open in 1998 , before running into a young pretender called Roger Federer at Wimbledon in 2003 . The "  Fed Express " would go on to win the next five titles at the prestigious grass-court major . But though disappointment will forever linger in those twin failures , Philipoussis regards his two Davis Cup triumphs as his finest achievement . In both the successful 1999 and 2003 campaigns , Philipoussis won the decisive rubber that handed his team , and his country , victory . The first came against Cedric Pioline in front of a hostile crowd in France , while the second installment saw him beat Juan Carlos Ferrero of Spain in front of a partisan crowd in his home town of Melbourne . That commitment to the team , rather than the individual , is a typically Australian trait , where representing your country inspires pride and every last ounce of effort . "  It 's the pinnacle of what you want to do as an athlete , " he said , "  especially in Australia where we are so sports driven . We love our sports . With the Olympics , with swimming , with everything we want to do , with the history . "  Davis Cup has huge history with Australia , with the names and how many times we have won the cup so you grew up watching a lot of those matches . "  There 's a tournament every week on the ATP Tour so obviously we want to do as well as we can , but if we do n't the mentality can be easily , "  OK next week . " With Davis Cup , well , it is every year , but it 's every few months that you play that tie , and it 's not just you , you are playing for your teammates , your coach , your captain , your country . "  There 's a lot of pressure there , the atmosphere at Davis Cup is like no other event and it 's an incredible experience . " His efforts in 2003 proved to be the final year Philippoussis threatened tennis ' top table , as persistent injuries and erratic form saw him slide out of the top 100 and turn his thoughts to life off court . As such Philippoussis , who completed various stints of modeling throughout his playing career , played the role of eligible bachelor for the 2007 television show "  The Age of Love " in which he had to choose one lady to date from a group of younger "  kittens " or older "  cougars . " "  If I could sum it up in one sentence I would say it was quite an experience , " he explained . "  It was fun , then extremely frustrating , then I kind of wanted to get off the show and it was one of those things that I look back on and I do n't regret at all . "  I did it , it was another experience in my life and it was fun . Would I want to do anything like that again ? No . Absolutely not , but it was fun . " His last competitive tennis match came in Dallas in 2010 but now his main focus in life is to plan board meeting after board meeting , in the Pacific Ocean . "  One of the amazing things about surfing is that every wave is different , every condition is different , every time I get up on the board is different . But the most important thing for me is it 's my passion , I want to try to get as good as I can . "  I 'm improving ; I 'm out there every day . Just like tennis , if you want to get better , you 've got to get out there , so I am . "	Former tennis star Mark Philippoussis has turned his hand to surfing in California Philippoussis won two Davis Cup titles with Australia and reached two grand slam finals The 35-year-old last played professionally in 2010 but now has a different focus He surfs every day and says he is as dedicated to it as he was to tennis back in the day
CNN  -- North Korea said Tuesday its missiles can reach the U.S. mainland -- days after South Korea announced a deal with the United States to extend its missile range . The strike zone of North Korean rocket forces includes "  not only the bases of the puppet forces and the U.S. imperialist aggression forces ' bases in the inviolable land of Korea , but also Japan , Guam and the U.S. mainland , " the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported . But some analysts questioned the claim . "  That 's been a desire or an objective , politically , for North Korean leadership for quite some time . But they have not demonstrated that capability , " said Daniel Pinkston of the International Crisis Group 's North East Asia Program . "  To acquire that capability requires a lot of development and testing . And considering what they 've done so far ... I do n't find that credible . But I do think they 're working toward acquiring that capability . " North Korean soldier shoots comrades , defects to South The claim from Pyongyang comes amid increased tensions between the two Koreas after the North test fired a long-range rocket in April . That rocket exploded shortly after it was launched . North Korea insisted it was trying to launch a satellite into orbit , but the attempt was widely viewed as a cover for a ballistic missile test . Analysts say the country 's latest threat is n't surprising after South Korea announced it reached a deal with the United States that allows Seoul to extend the range of its ballistic missiles . "  What else can they say ? It was politically impossible for them not to react , " said professor Andrei Lankov of Kookmin University in Seoul . On Sunday , South Korea said it reached a deal with the United States that allows Seoul to extend the range of its ballistic missiles to include the northern peninsula of North Korea . The deal with Washington revised the range of Seoul 's missiles from 300 kilometers  186 miles  to 800 kilometers  497 miles  , South Korean national security adviser Chun Yung-woo told reporters . "  The important goal in revising the missile pact is to deter armed provocation from North Korea , " Chun said . "  If North Korea is to attack or provoke , we are able to incapacitate its nuclear and missile  capabilities  in the early stage . We have guaranteed various capabilities to protect the life and safety of our people . " The South agreed in 1972 to limit its missile range to 180 kilometers  112 miles  in exchange for access to U.S. missile technology . Guidelines were revised in 2001 to allow for a range of 300 kilometers . The two Koreas signed an armistice that ended the 1950-1953 Korean war , though a peace treaty was never signed . Technically , the two countries remain in a state of war . Roughly 28,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea . South Korea says U.S. agrees to extend Seoul 's ballistic missile range CNN 's Paula Hancocks , KJ Kwon and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	An analyst says he does n't find North Korea 's claim to be credible "  It was politically impossible for them not to react " to South Korea , a professor says South Korea announced a deal with the U.S. to extend its missile range to include the North Previously , the South agreed to limit its missile range in exchange for access to U.S. technology
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A man accused of playing a role in the 1968 hijacking of a Pan Am flight from New York to Puerto Rico was captured Sunday , federal officials said . Luis Armando Pena Soltren surrendered to federal authorities at New York 's JFK International Airport . Luis Armando Pena Soltren , 66 , surrendered to federal authorities at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport after exiting a flight from Havana , Cuba , officials said . It 's the same airport from which Pan Am Flight 281 took off more than 40 years ago . Additional details on Soltren 's apprehension were not provided by authorities . Soltren "  will finally face the American justice system that he has been evading for more than four decades , " said U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara . According to a December 1968 indictment , Soltren and three others -- Jose Rafael Rios Cruz , Miguel Castro and Alejandro Figueroa -- conspired to hijack Flight 281 on November 24 of that year . The suspects were accused of bringing concealed guns and knives aboard the flight and using the weapons to take over the flight . Members of the crew told authorities at the time that the suspects , wielding pistols and large knives , forced their way into the cabin of the plane and ordered the crew to fly to Havana , according to court documents . Cruz and Castro were sentenced in the 1970s after pleading guilty in U.S. District Court in New York . They received 15-year and 12-year sentences , respectively . Their current whereabouts were not immediately known . Figueroa was acquitted in 1969 after a bench trial . CNN 's Evan Buxbaum contributed to this report .	Luis Armando Pena Soltren , 66 , surrenders to federal authorities at JFK Airport It 's same airport from which Pan Am Flight 281 took off more than 40 years ago Indictment : Soltren , three others conspired to hijack Flight 281 in November 1968 U.S. official : Soltren "  will finally face the American justice system "
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's moderate former president will not challenge President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the upcoming presidential election , the state-run Fars news agency said Monday . Mohammad Khatami , in a photo from February , will not run for president of Iran , the state news agency says . Mohammad Khatami said last month that he would run in June , ending weeks of speculation , the state-run IRNA news agency reported February 8 . But he now says he will instead support moderate candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , Fars reported Monday . Moussavi is a former prime minister . Before Khatami declared his candidacy last month , he had said either he or Moussavi would run as the reformist candidate to challenge Ahmadinejad , a hardliner . Khatami said he will soon make an official statement regarding his withdrawal . Analysts said when Khatami announced his candidacy that he had the best chance as a reformist candidate to unseat the current president . Khatami overwhelmingly won the presidency in 1997 , raising hopes that the reformist movement would bring religious and democratic freedoms to the Islamic republic . But the real power in Iran rests in the hands of the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Khatami , who left office in 2005 , was unable to make major changes because of opposition from hardline elements in Iran 's clerical establishment . In 2006 , Khatami visited the United States , becoming the highest-ranking Iranian official to visit the country since the 1979 revolution that brought the Islamic government to power . He has condemned terrorism and said he regretted the taking of American hostages by Iranian students in support of the revolution . Meanwhile , Ahmadinejad has been campaigning for re-election since Day One of his presidency in 2005 . His frequent and well-publicized visits to Iran 's provinces are part of an effort to reach out to the Iranian people . He has doled out financial aid to the poor in his dozens of visits across the country and recently more than doubled the salaries of government employees and retirees ' pensions . Ahmadinejad has the support of Iran 's supreme leader and the Islamic Revolution Guard Corps . But the downturn in the global economy -- particularly the falling price of oil -- could still hurt the incumbent president 's chances for re-election and he may need a strong turnout at the polls to secure a victory . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Mohammad Khatami reportedly said last month he 'd run in June elections Now he throws support behind Mir Hossein Moussavi , state news agency reports Both are moderates , would like to oust hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei still holds the real power in Iran
CNN  -- The European financial crisis is poorly understood in the United States . Because so many Americans misunderstand the crisis , they fail to appreciate how -- and how much -- the crisis threatens them . Americans tend to think  and are encouraged by politicians to think  of the European crisis as a debt crisis . Governments overspent , got into debt , and now the day of reckoning is at hand . Yet that version of the case is demonstrably untrue . Spain 's debt-to-GDP ratio is substantially lower than that of the United States . Germany 's debt-to-GDP ratio is neck and neck with the United States . Yet it is Spain , not Germany , that is in trouble . Europe is not having a debt crisis . It is having a currency crisis . It 's not that European countries have bumped up against their ability to borrow . The problem is that some European countries are bumping up against their ability to borrow in euros . That limit is imposed not by markets , but by the European Central Bank . Nobody doubts that the U.S. can generate dollars to pay its bills . Nobody doubts that Japan can generate yen , or that Britain can generate pounds sterling . But they do doubt that Spain or Italy can generate the euros they need , because -- unlike the U.S. or Japan or Britain -- Spain and Italy lack the power to create their own money . Maybe not Greece , which is a special case , but the other troubled countries could recover their borrowing ability tomorrow if they quit the euro and resumed their former national currencies . Americans need to understand this truth , because otherwise they will be blindsided by the real risks out there . The hard-pressed countries of the eurozone have an escape hatch : They can quit the euro currency . Quitting the euro would not be pain-free -- but it might well become a less painful alternative to what those countries are suffering now : Great Depression levels of unemployment , rising taxes , massive social security cutbacks . Over the past two years , for example , Portugal has cut government spending by almost 8 points of GDP . To achieve the same scale of cut in the United States , we 'd have to abolish both Social Security and Medicare . The sacrifices countries make to stay inside the eurozone fall mostly on their own people . But if they quit , the pain is exported -- and will be heading our way . Consider for example a working Spaniard , earning , say , 40,000 euros a year and holding a 2,000 euro balance on his credit card . Spain quits the euro . The Spaniard 's salary is converted from 40,000 euros to 40,000 new pesetas . Quickly , the new peseta loses value against the euro . A month after the conversion date , the Spaniard 's 40,000 new pesetas are worth only 20,000 euros . He is poorer than he was . But at least he 's working . At Spain 's new lower wages , other Spaniards quickly find work too , just as Americans rapidly went to work when the U.S. quit the gold standard in 1934 . Imported goods become more expensive . But not rents -- they are denominated in new pesetas too . When our Spaniard buys his morning cup of coffee , the beans will be more expensive and the sugar too . The wages of the barista who makes the coffee , however , will have declined in tandem with his own . Ditto the mortgage on the coffee shop . And those nontraded inputs account for most of the cost of the cup . Now look at the other side of the ledger , the Spaniard 's debt . What happens to that 2,000 balance on his credit card ? It is  presumably  also redenominated into new pesetas . It also falls in value , to just 1,000 euros . Good news for the Spaniard . Bad news for the credit card company . Or is it ? In the 2000s , Spanish banks emulated U.S. banks in the aggressive use of securitization . As of 2010 , the European Central Bank reports , Spanish banks had issued more asset-backed securities than the banks of any other European country except the Netherlands -- and vastly more than the banks of France and Germany combined . Which means that our Spaniard 's credit-card debt is probably not owed to the company that issued his credit card . That debt is owed to some other financial institution , somewhere else on earth . Where ? Who knows ? Even the people who own the debt may not know . As we learned during the subprime mortgage crash , bad loans get sliced and diced , recombined and repackaged , into bonds whose contents are not always understood by the pension funds and insurance companies that buy them . Those bond buyers often only discovered that they had bought bonds based on subprime mortgages after the mortgages failed . Financial institutions that have bought Spanish credit-card debt  or Spanish mortgages or whatever  may discover equally shockingly late that their bonds also will not and can not pay off in full . Think of those potentially redenominated Spanish bonds as toxic admixtures into bond portfolios all over the planet -- including possibly the bond portfolio that supports your pension or your life insurance claim . And then understand why all this talk of "  We could be like Greece " so radically misses the point . We 're in the same boat already with the Spaniards and the Italians and , to a much lesser degree , the Greeks -- and not because of the way the U.S. government taxes and spends , but because of the way world financial institutions borrow and lend . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says the European financial crisis is not about debt , it 's about currency He says some countries unable to borrow in euros with limits set by European Central Bank Their escape hatch : Quit the euro . Ensuing credit-card debt could have global effect Frum : U.S. financial portfolios could suffer because of how world financial institutions work
CNN  -- Officials are still trying to secure the release of dozens of U.N. peacekeepers from Fiji who were taken captive by al Qaeda-linked rebels from Syria . The peacekeepers were captured Thursday in the Golan Heights , a day after rebels seized control of a border crossing between Syria and the Israeli-occupied territory . Filipino peacekeepers , who also came under assault from the rebels , were all reported to be safe after slipping past the attackers . The peacekeepers are part of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force , which has overseen a buffer zone in the Golan Heights since 1974 to maintain a ceasefire between Israel and Syria . Fighting from Syria 's civil war spilled over into the buffer zone last week . Uncertain location The Fijians ' exact whereabouts remain unclear after they were forced from their position near the Syrian town of Quneitra by the rebels . They have access to food , water and medical supplies and are all believed to be in good health , Brig. Gen. Mosese Tikoitoga , the commander of the Fijian military , said in a statement Monday . But the United Nations said Sunday that "  no additional information on their status or location has been established . " An Israeli military official , speaking on the condition of anonymity , told CNN last week that the peacekeepers were being held by members of the al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front , one of the groups fighting the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The United Nations said it was continuing to "  actively seek their immediate and unconditional release . " There was conflicting information on the exact number of peacekeepers being held . The United Nations put the number at 44 , but Fijian authorities said Monday there were 45 . Al-Nusra released pictures online over the weekend that purported to show 45 peacekeepers and their U.N. identification cards . Filipinos escape Other U.N. peacekeeping positions in the buffer zone have also come under attack since the capture of the Fijians . Rebel fighters advanced to surround two posts where Filipino peacekeepers were based and began to attack the positions on Saturday . The U.N. troops at one position were moved to safety . But the other post returned fire after coming under attack from mortars and machine guns . The exchange of fire prevented the peacekeepers from safely pulling back , the United Nations said . But the trapped peacekeepers then managed to escape early Sunday and get to Camp Ziuoani , which is on the Israeli side of the border , the official Philippines News Agency reported . Top military officials in the Philippines praised the peacekeepers ' defense of their positions and dramatic escape , according to local media . ` Peacekeepers , not combatants ' The U.N. force in the Golan Heights also includes troops from India , Ireland , Nepal and the Netherlands . Fijian and U.N. officials have been calling for the immediate release of the captive peacekeepers . "  These men are peacekeepers , not combatants in the Syrian conflict , and there is no need for them to be detained , " Fijian Prime Minister J. V. Bainimarama said Friday . He said authorities were "  doing everything possible to secure their safe return . " U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has strongly condemned the detention of the peacekeepers . The Golan Heights border crossing made headlines earlier last week , when the al-Nusra Front handed over American journalist Peter Theo Curtis to U.N. peacekeepers on the Syrian side of the checkpoint . CNN 's Ralph Ellis and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	The detained troops are reported to have food , water and medicine , a Fijian official says They were detained in the Golan Heights on Thursday by rebels from the Syrian conflict The U.N. says it has "  no additional information on their status or location " Filipino peacekeepers who came under attack in the area managed to escape
CNN  -- President Obama on Wednesday called for a reform of the much-maligned federal earmarking process . President Obama says future earmarks should be made public on lawmakers ' Web sites . Earmarks are unrelated pet projects that members of Congress insert in spending bills . The president maintained that earmarks can serve a useful purpose , but he said it is time for Congress and the White House to embrace a new set of guiding principles . His remarks came the day after the Senate passed a $ 410 billion spending bill that included nearly 9,000 earmarks , which are projects designed to benefit individual legislators ' districts . The earmarks in the spending bill are worth nearly $ 8 billion . Many critics have deemed them as wasteful , and some observers have questioned Obama 's pledge to end such spending . Some lawmakers urged Obama to veto the bill -- saying it goes against the president 's campaign pledge . Watch what 's in the spending bill " Obama said that while he would sign the bill , which funds the government for the remainder of the current fiscal year , future earmarks should "  have a legitimate and worthy public purpose . " CNNMoney : The truth about earmarks Earmarks sought by members of Congress , he said in an appearance at the White House , should be aired on those lawmakers ' Web sites in advance "  so the public and the press can examine them and judge their merit for themselves . " Each earmark , he added , also should "  be open to scrutiny at public hearings , where members will have to justify their expense to the taxpayer . " The president also said that any earmark benefiting a for-profit private company "  should be subject to the same competitive bidding requirements as other federal contracts . " "  The awarding of earmarks to private companies is the single most corrupting element of this practice , " he said . "  Private companies differ from the public entities that Americans rely on every day -- schools , police stations , fire departments -- and if they are seeking taxpayer dollars , then they should be evaluated with a higher level of scrutiny . " Obama added that earmarks should "  never , ever be traded for political favors . " The president pledged to seek to eliminate any future earmark that has "  no legitimate public purpose . " Obama has broken with many of his more conservative critics in opposing an elimination of the earmarking process . If done right , he argued Wednesday , earmarks "  give legislators the opportunity to direct federal money to worthy projects that benefit people in their district , and that 's why I have opposed their outright elimination . " He conceded , however , that some earmarks "  have been used as a vehicle for waste , fraud and abuse . Projects have been inserted at the eleventh hour , without review , and sometimes without merit , in order to satisfy the political or personal agendas of a given legislator , rather than the public interest . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , called Obama 's earmark announcement an "  opportunity missed . " "  The president 's rhetoric is impressive , but his statement affirms we will continue to do business as usual in Washington regarding earmarks in appropriations legislation , " McCain said in a statement . "  The president could have resolved this issue in one statement -- no more unauthorized pork barrel projects -- and pledged to use his veto pen to stop them . " White House officials have tried to dismiss the current spending bill legislation as "  last year 's business " that Obama is dealing with reluctantly . Top Democrats , including House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Maryland , have suggested lawmakers do not appreciate being dictated to on an issue that is a congressional prerogative . Asked last week about the administration 's plan to put forth guidelines to overhaul earmarks , Hoyer said flatly , "  I do n't think the White House has the ability to tell us what to do . " He paused and quipped to reporters , "  I hope you all got that down . " Obama 's budget director made a vow Sunday that the president will bring a halt to pork-laden bills . " -LSB- Such bills -RSB- will not happen when the president has the full legislative and appropriations process in place , " Peter Orszag , director of the White House Office of Management and Budget , told CNN 's "  State of the Union With John King . " He argued that the White House had little choice but to support the omnibus spending bill , which it inherited from the previous administration . "  This is like your relief pitcher coming into the ninth inning and wanting to redo the whole game , " Orszag said . "  Next year we 're going to be the starting pitcher , and the game 's going to be completely different . " But House Minority Whip Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , rejected this argument and said that Obama had vowed to take action against earmarks during the presidential campaign . "  If you make a promise , people expect that you live up to it . And that 's why this administration 's refusal to go in and change this bill , I think , is a false position , " Cantor told "  State of the Union . " "  There is no way anyone could take what Mr. Orszag has said with any credibility . " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said Tuesday that Obama ca n't just say the bill is last year 's business . "  I 've asked the president to veto this bill , " he said . "  Listen , this is a new Congress , and this is a new president . " CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Earmarks must have "  legitimate and worthy public purpose , " president says NEW : President Obama says he 'll sign spending bill with nearly 9,000 earmarks White House says bill is last year 's business , next time will be different Critics say Obama is going against his pledge to end wasteful spending
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Pop star Britney Spears was resting at UCLA Medical Center on Thursday , her mother said , hours after police escorted her to the hospital from her Hollywood home . Britney Spears , left , and her mother Lynne Spears pose at the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards in New York . A long convoy of police and a Los Angeles Fire Department ambulance transported the 26-year-old singer to the hospital after midnight , acting on what the Los Angeles Times reported was a "  mental evaluation hold . " It was the second hospitalization for Spears this month . The police operation was planned far in advance and , according to the L.A. Times , followed a phone call to police from Spears ' psychiatrist . Asked if her daughter was resting , mother Lynne Spears said "  Yes " to a throng of reporters as she departed the medical center . Watch scene at Spears ' home " The pop star 's father Jamie Spears and her manager Sam Lufti also appeared at the hospital , neither choosing to speak to reporters . The latest incident in the troubled performer 's saga began about 12:55 a.m. on Thursday when the North Hollywood Police Department sent about eight officers to Spears ' hilltop house in Studio City , California , according to a law enforcement official , who asked not to be identified because he 's not authorized to comment publicly . See Spears timeline " The group at Spears ' house included plainclothes officers , motorcycle police , ambulance crews and some police "  brass , " the official said . It took the better part of the day to arrange the transport plan , the officer said . On January 3 , Spears was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , where she reportedly underwent a psychological evaluation . Watch how mental evaluations work " Andrew Blankstein , a Los Angeles Times reporter who was at the scene of Thursday 's incident , told CNN that a police convoy , stretching the length of a football field , accompanied the ambulance as it drove down Coldwater Canyon Boulevard -- in part to keep the paparazzi from getting too close . Watch police motorcade at Spears ' home " Spears was whisked out a side entrance to her house . "  You could n't really see what was going on -LSB- when officers first swept into the residence -RSB- but on the police radio , there was some reference to ` The package is on the way out , ' ` We 're leaving now . Go , go , go , ' " Blankstein said . A few hours earlier , two officers were sent to investigate a report of a large group gathered outside the singer 's home , said David Grimes , watch commander for the west division of the Los Angeles Police Department . The two officers found 20 to 25 people near the house around 11 p.m. Wednesday and they asked them to leave , he said . ABC-TV host Barbara Walters reported on Monday 's "  The View " that she had been contacted by Spears ' manager and "  good friend , " Lufti , who told her the pop star has seen a psychiatrist and "  is suffering from what he describes as mental issues which are treatable , " according to The Associated Press . Watch experts discuss Spears ' behavioral issues " During Spears ' earlier hospitalization , in addition to the psychological evaluation , she was examined for possible influence of alcohol or drugs . Police had been called to her home that night to mediate a custody dispute . A day later , a California court refused to grant Spears visitation rights with her two children -- Sean Preston , 2 , and Jayden James , 1 -- at least until mid-February . Spears has been in a heated dispute with ex-husband Kevin Federline over custody of their sons . Federline , Spears ' former backup dancer , holds primary custody of the children . Spears has been in trouble with the court earlier concerning her compliance with court orders in the custody case . After filing for divorce in November 2006 , Spears was frequently seen enjoying Hollywood nightlife . Her behavior became increasingly erratic ; in February 2007 , she shaved her head as paparazzi looked on , then spent a month in rehab . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Saeed Ahmed and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Troubled pop star resting , mom says , after large police escort L.A. Times : Britney Spears placed on "  mental health evaluation hold " Hold prompted by call police got from Spears ' psychiatrist , Times reports Incident is second time in weeks the singer has been taken to a hospital
Washington  CNN  To gauge Jon Stewart 's impact on American politics , try to imagine a presidential election without him . The last time that happened was in 1996 when Bill Clinton faced off against Bob Dole . "  The Daily Show " host 's hordes of millennial fans and political junkies will soon find out what a sans-Stewart election is like as they pick their way through the spin , obfuscations and outrages of the 2016 race without him . Stewart , sometimes known as "  The Most Trusted Name in Fake News , " made the surprising announcement on Tuesday that he would quit the Comedy Central hit before the end of the year after 16 years behind his desk . In a slice of irony almost too delicious to be true , news of the fake newsman 's retirement emerged at the same time as a real newsman , Brian Williams , was suspended by NBC for six months after reports of his exaggerated war stories came to light . Over the years , Stewart has carved out a unique place at the intersection of politics , entertainment and journalism , offering a mocking take on the news with his whiplash humor and pseudo anchorman 's persona . Stewart 's grillings of politicians are legendary . Candidates who go on his show endure an unpredictable , high wire rite of passage and the host 's sharp tongue -- all in pursuit of the young voters who form his core audience . It 's been repeated so often that it 's now a cliche . But plenty of studies show that many young Americans get their political news not from TV networks or newspapers but from Stewart 's biting satire . In a 2012 survey , the Pew Research Center for People and the Press found that 39 % of "  The Daily Show 's " regular viewers were between 18 and 29 , but the group makes up just 23 % of the public as a whole . That is a demographic politicians kill for . And it explains why those running for office -- particularly Democrats keen to connect with Stewart 's urban , left-leaning audience -- brave appearing on his show . Though Stewart frequently denies his program is a news show and is merely about entertainment , his work appears to serve much the same function as traditional network news shows . His dissection of issues and forensic dismissal of political hypocrisy perform much the same roles as fact checkers in traditional media . Another survey in 2007 showed that Americans who knew most about what was going on in the world also tended to be viewers of "  The Daily Show " and its recently shuttered Comedy Central spin off "  The Colbert Report . " Stewart has been a constant guide for a certain segment of Americans throughout the tumultuous decade-and-a-half that has opened the 21st Century , filtering events and curating opinion . In moments of farce , like the 2000 election , or instances of tragedy , such as the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks , and subsequent political races , Stewart was there surfing the zeitgeist and resetting conventional media wisdom . When George W. Bush had the 2000 election handed to him by the Supreme Court , Stewart voiced the frustrations of many liberals who thought the election was stolen . "  I was not elected to serve one party " a young-looking Stewart showed Bush in a clip saying , before adding "  you were not elected ! " A year later , Stewart helped teach America to laugh again in the harrowing weeks after the terror attacks . On his first show back after 9/11 , Stewart replaced his normally sardonic opening segment with a moving monologue about the impact of the tragedy on his beloved New York City . "  We are going to get back to this . It is going to be fun and it is going to be funny , " he sniffed through tears . When the Iraq war turned into a quagmire , Stewart turned his searing wit on the Bush administration 's missteps and failures of the occupation with his long-running "  Mess O ' Potamia " segment . His daily lambasting of top Bush aides reflected and helped to shape the fast souring public mood on the war , which eventually provided the conditions for the rise of anti-war candidate Barack Obama in 2008 . Obama , who revolutionized campaigning with his use of YouTube , social media and new digital technologies and Stewart -- with his easily sharable segments which popped perfectly for emerging media sources like Facebook -- might have been made for one another . Young voters were vital for Obama 's hopes of beating the Hillary Clinton machine in 2008 . And he knew where to find them -- on Stewart 's show . "  The Daily Show , " under the guise of humor and satire , also allowed Obama to gently deal with fiercely divisive campaign issues that were off limits or were difficult to handle on regular news shows . In a 2008 Obama appearance before the Pennsylvania primary , for instance , Stewart took on the latent racism that many Democrats thought was hampering the senator in the state and elsewhere . "  I am going to cut through the spin for you , sir , that 's what I am here for , " Stewart told a laughing Obama . "  We are concerned that ultimately at the end of the day ... . if you are fortunate enough to become the president of the United States , will you pull a bait and switch , sir , and enslave the white race ? " In 2010 , Obama was back on the show days before the midterm elections in what was seen as a transparent attempt to reconnect with the young voters who powered his 2008 campaign but had since soured . Obama , the first sitting U.S. president to appear on "  The Daily Show , " may have got more than he bargained for when Stewart mocked him as a shadow of his 2008 persona after he hit gridlock in Washington . "  You would n't say ` Yes we can , with certain conditions , ' " Stewart quipped , to Obama 's evident discomfort . Obama often felt the lash of Stewart 's tongue , most often when he fell short of the high expectations he raised in 2008 . In 2013 , Stewart ripped the president for what he thought was his dismissive response to perceived scandals in the IRS and over the death of a U.S. diplomat in Benghazi . "  I would n't be surprised if President Obama learned Osama bin Laden had been killed when he saw himself announce it on television , " Stewart joked . More recently , Stewart slammed Obama for not showing up to a march in Paris to honor victims of those killed by Islamic extremists on an attack on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . "  How could the U.S. not be there ? " Stewart asked . But despite the critiques of Obama , Stewart has his own critics , including Republicans who complain he favors Democrats too openly , and some pro-Israel groups , who have complained at his coverage of the Jewish state . It is not only politicians who have felt Stewart 's mockery . The media gets it in the neck too . Fox News and its perceived conservative bias has been a target on Stewart 's show for years . One of Stewart 's most well-remembered skits was his merciless takedown of conservative commentator Glenn Beck , complete with glasses and fake blackboard . In 2010 , Stewart mocked dueling protest marches engineered by Beck and civil rights campaigner Al Sharpton and drew more than 200,000 people to Washington 's National Mall with the "  Rally to Restore Sanity and/or fear " with his Comedy Central partner Stephen Colbert . Stewart 's ire often was directed at the state of political journalism itself -- and the way news shows tend to play off a conservative and a liberal pudits on opposite sides and call it balanced news coverage . CNN was n't immune from his attention . Stewart famously came on the CNN show "  Crossfire " in 2004 to skewer hosts Tucker Carlson and Paul Begala . "  You 're partisan , what do you call it ... hacks , " said Stewart . "  Stop hurting America , " he blasted in an appearance on the set . Stewart , who took a sabbatical from his show in 2013 to direct a movie , appeared to foreshadow his departure from the "  Daily Show " late last year in an interview with "  Fresh Air " host Terry Gross on NPR . "  I do feel like I do n't know there will ever be anything that I will be as well suited for as this show , " Stewart said . "  That being said , there are moments when you realize that is not enough anymore . The minute I say I am not going to do it any more , I will miss it like crazy . " Stewart 's fans , not least those in politics , are already feeling the same about him .	Stewart hanging up mic after 16 years He carved out unique role at intersection of real and fake news
Nasrin Sotoudeh , a prominent Iranian human rights advocate , was among several prisoners released Wednesday from a Tehran prison where she had been jailed since 2010 . "  I 'm glad , but I 'm worried for my friends in prison , " she told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in a telephone interview soon after her release , citing other political and human rights activists who remain in prison . Sotoudeh said authorities at the notorious Evin Prison initially told her she would be allowed out on a short break . They then put her into a car . It was only after she had been driven out of the gates that one of the prison heads told her , "  No , you are free forever , and that 's why we 're taking you home , " she said . The prison in the capital 's northwest section had been her home since she was convicted of acting against national security and other charges related to her work in defending Iranians who were detained after the 2009 elections , which returned Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to the presidency . She was reunited with her husband , Reza Khandan , and her two children . As a prisoner , Sotoudeh had gone on a hunger strike to express her anger over the effect that her 11-year sentence was having on her family , she said . The term included five years for "  acting against national security ; " another five years for not wearing a hijab -- a head covering worn by Muslim women -- during a videotaped message ; and an additional year for "  propaganda against the regime , " the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran reported . Sotoudeh 's release comes just days before world leaders , including Iranian President Hassan Rouhani , attend the U.N. General Assembly meeting in New York . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon had urged Iran to free jailed opposition leaders , journalists and human rights activists in 2012 . In 2011 , a U.S. State Department spokesman called Sotoudeh "  a strong voice for rule of law and justice in Iran . " Washington praised her release and challenged Rouhani to follow up on it by freeing "  all prisoners of conscience , " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said . "  President Rouhani pledged repeatedly during his campaign to restore and expand freedoms for all Iranians , and called for expanded political and social freedoms , including freedom of expression , " Harf said in a written statement . "  In the months ahead , we hope he will continue to keep his promises to the Iranian people . " Sotoudeh told CNN she expected to be allowed to continue practicing as a lawyer after her release . Asked if she considered it to be a new day for Iran , she noted that "  many political prisoners " remain in jail . "  But I hope that this will be a new day , " she said . In an earlier telephone interview , Khandan said his wife , who is a lawyer , had another three years of her sentence remaining and he had not been told whether her release was final . But Sotoudeh said that her freedom was not temporary . "  Free forever , " she said . Sotoudeh was the attorney for Arash Rahmanipour , one of two men executed by the Islamic republic in early 2010 . He was accused of being an enemy of God and belonging to a banned opposition group . In 2012 , she shared the European Parliament 's Sakharov Prize for Human Rights . Virtual freedom : Cyberspace helps Iranians raise their voice	U.S. calls on Rouhani to free all political prisoners Nasrin Sotoudeh had been jailed since 2010 She represented a man Iran executed Sotoudeh had been a prominent activist
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The chairman of India 's fourth-largest software-services provider resigned Wednesday after confessing to inflating the company 's profits for years with "  fictitious " assets and non-existent cash . Satyam Chairman B. Ramalinga Raju The news sent stocks of the Hyderabad-based Satyam Computer Services into free fall . Stocks plummeted more than 70 percent within hours after the revelation . The major stock index in India -- the BSE SENSEX -- fell 7.3 percent Wednesday . Satyam employs 53,000 people , operates in 65 countries and serves almost 700 companies , including 185 Fortune 500 companies . More than half of its revenue comes from the United States . Satyam Chairman B. Ramalinga Raju said the balance-sheet padding began several years ago to close "  a marginal gap " between actual operating profit and one reflected in the company 's accounting books . It continued through the years , he said . "  It was like riding a tiger , not knowing how to get off without being eaten , " Raju said in a letter to the company 's board of directors . Raju said no board member was aware of what he was doing and he did not profit from the inflated accounts . The deception came to light after Raju tried to plug the hole by getting Satyam to buy his son 's construction companies . The acquisition was "  the last attempt to fill the fictitious assets with real ones , " he wrote in his letter . The deal would have cost Satyam $ 1.6 billion -- but the company 's board vetoed it . Stocks fell following the botched deal . Soon afterward , Raju came clean , saying he was doing so "  with deep regret , and tremendous burden that I am carrying on my conscience . " Analysts say Satyam is ripe for a takeover , and the government is expected to submit a formal report on the matter Thursday . -- CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	News sent stocks of Hyderabad-based Satyam Computer Services plunging Satyam employs 53,000 people and operates in 65 countries Chairman B. Ramalinga Raju said balance-sheet padding began years ago Raju said no board member was aware of what he was doing
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Bread . For Egypt 's middle classes it is breakfast , lunch and dinner . In Egyptian Arabic it is known as "  aish " which means both bread and life . Bread is the staple food of Egypt 's poor -- 40 percent of whom live on around $ 2 per day For many Egyptians the flat , round bread is also becoming a symbol of the country 's inequalities . Rocketing global commodity prices and failing domestic supplies have made this staple food unaffordable for 20 percent of the country 's 76 million inhabitants . The Middle East 's most populous country is not alone in these problems . The UN warned economic turmoil could hit many of the world 's poorer countries as global inflation spirals -- but with 40 percent of the population living near the poverty line , the price rise has struck particularly hard . Earlier this week , in the gritty industrial city of Mahalla al-Kobra , northern Egypt , a teenager was killed during two days of violent clashes between residents and police . The protesters , who are enraged by low wages and rising prices , also tore down a billboard of Egypt 's President Hosni Mubarak . Prime Minister , Ahmed Nazif , rushed to the city to try to head off any further escalation in the civil disturbances and workers were promised bonuses and concessions . But for many Egyptians , these moves are too little too late . On the streets , the popularity of Mubarak 's regime is at an all time low . The riots in Mahalla al-Kobra are the latest in a series of flares in social unrest . Read CNN Correspondent , Ben Wedeman 's blog about the Egypt crisis Despite a growing economy and billions of dollars in international investment , average wages remain low and the gulf between the country 's tiny elite and the majority of workers grows ever wider . The doubling of prices over the past year and an acute shortage of government subsidized bread has acted as a catalyst to the population 's smoldering discontent . All Egyptians can buy the cheap government subsidised bread under a decades old socialist-inspired system that also provides subsidies for public transport and gasoline . As unsubsidized bread -- which can sell at 10 to 12 times the cost of government bread -- becomes unaffordable for a portion of the population the demand for government bread is growing . At the same time the supplies of subsidized bread have also decreased . The population is jaded and many people believe that corruption is behind the shortages . Rumors circulate that subsidized bakeries would rather sell their flour on the black market than use it to produce bread . People have no choice but to wait in line to buy government bread . "  I 've been standing here for hours , and we are not close to getting bread yet , " Mohammed el-Deeb , a manager at a medical company told the Associated Press , "  Of course I need to stand in the line , I ca n't afford the other bread . " In recent weeks , two people were stabbed and killed when fights broke out over government bread . Five others died from exhaustion caused by hours spent standing in line . There are fears the unrest could emulate the 1997 bread riots in which 70 people were killed after the government raised the price of bread and other subsidized foods . The government is facing a political crisis and has ordered the army -- which normally only makes bread for employees -- to increase production and distribute it to the public . The army opened 10 large bakeries in Cairo and set up 500 kiosks to sell bread to the public , according to the government . Read John Defterios ' blog about the Egyptian food crisis Egypt grows about half the wheat it consumes every year and buys the rest from the world market . Egypt 's Finance Minister , Youssef Boutros Ghali says this is what is causing all the problems : "  The price rise is being driven by what is happening in the international markets . The local component is very little . " He also believes the international investment and economic growth needs time to trickle down through the whole population , "  It 's not enough . There are 77 million of us . For the 77 million to feel it we need at least five , six , seven years plus of growth , " he said . But that wo n't give much relief to the country 's citizens , many of whom currently live on $ 2 a day . E-mail to a friend	Bread is the staple food of the Middle East 's most populous country Skyrocketing global commodities prices are making it unaffordable for the poor Egyptians blame government corruption for continuing low wages A teenager was shot by police in Northern Egypt during two days of civil unrest
CNN  -- Hints emerged Monday that China may terminate its controversial system of labor prison camps this year . The proposal to stop using the system was put forth at a working conference by the country 's most senior law enforcement official , Meng Jianzhu , according to a post by the state-run CCTV on its Sina Weibo microblogging account . Meng is the secretary of the Chinese Communist Party 's Central Politics and Law Commission . The proposal requires the approval of the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress -- the country 's legislature -- although it is largely a rubber-stamp formality . Opinion : Corruption as China 's top priority The CCTV post was later deleted , as well as a post quoting it by the state-run Xinhua news agency . A post on the topic by the People 's Daily , the official Communist Party newspaper , also disappeared on Weibo . However , Xinhua later wrote that the system would be reformed  albeit with no mention of its abolishment  on its English Twitter account , and English and Chinese news websites . Read more : Censorship protest a test for reform-minded China Under the "  laodong jiaoyang " or "  re-education through labor " system , petty offenders , such as thieves , prostitutes and drug abusers , are imprisoned for up to four years in labor camps without a judicial hearing . The United Nations Human Rights Council estimates there are 190,000 inmates in 320 such centers across the country . Critics say the camps , which fall outside of the formal prison system , are often misused to persecute government dissidents , including intellectuals , human rights activists , and followers of banned spiritual groups like the Falun Gong . Two high-profile cases that became public last year generated a massive backlash , forcing the government to address the thorny issue . In one case , a mother was sentenced to 1.5 years in a labor camp for "  disrupting social order " after she repeatedly petitioned officials to execute men convicted of raping her 11-year-old daughter . In another case , a young village official was sent to a labor camp for two years for retweeting Weibo posts deemed seditious . Recent official sentiment has indicated that reform , if not abolishment of the system , is needed . The camps date back to the 1950s when the new Communist regime sought to silence its enemies to consolidate its power . Read more : Chinese journalists in rare protest against censorship In October , a senior official in charge of judicial system reform acknowledged that reforms were necessary and underway , according to Xinhua . "  The system was designed to maintain social order , prevent and reduce crimes by reforming people who committed minor offenses but were not punishable by the penal code , " the Xinhua editorial went on to say . "  It did play an important role in maintaining social order in specific periods , however , with the development of society and the legal system , its defects have become more and more evident . " Read more : China 's tightened traffic rules stir debate CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	China may terminate controversial system of labor prison camps this year State media reported most senior law enforcement official proposed to stop using system Petty offenders jailed up to 4 years in labor camps without judicial hearing Both human rights activists and government say reforms necessary
Washington  CNN  -- If there 's a student anywhere who would be able to answer a trivia question about President Abraham Lincoln , it would be on the marble steps of his memorial in the nation 's capital . But a summertime visit there backed up recent test results that showed the majority of U.S. students do n't know the most basic facts about the country 's history -- Lincoln and all . Test results released in June showed that fewer than one quarter of all students are "  proficient " in American history . Would you pass the tests ? Take the quiz Many of the fourth grade students asked about Lincoln on the tests could identify him , but few could say why he was an important president . At the memorial in Washington , students who saw the president 's image on a postcard identified the tall , bearded man as Lincoln . When asked why the 16th president was important , some answers were spot-on , some were entertaining -- and some were disheartening . One student said he was important because he had a beard . Another said he was killed at a puppet show . Their answers are n't surprising . "  The Nation 's Report Card : U.S. History 2010 , " the tests results report by the U.S. Department of Education 's National Center for Education Statistics , showed 20 % of fourth graders , 17 % of eighth graders and 12 % of 12th graders showed "  solid academic performance " on the tests . The results reflected test responses of 7,000 fourth-graders , 11,000 eighth-graders and 12,000 12th-graders . Educators and reformers have several explanations for the low scores , including apathetic and disinterested students , poor teaching or problems with standardized testing . Some said that math , science and English get higher priority in schools because those subjects are tested under No Child Left Behind . History teachers say subject time is shortchanged Some wonder whether schools should focus on history at all , when the ability to recall historic facts or themes might not help students land certain jobs later on . But others say knowing how we came to our current way of life is always essential . As another presidential election season approaches , knowledge of U.S. history is invaluable , according to Diane Ravitch , a New York University research professor of education . "  All of these students will be voters ... and almost 40 % were already eligible to vote when they took the assessment , " Ravitch said in a statement released after the results of the study were published . "  They will be making decisions in the voting booth that influence our lives . They should be well informed and capable of weighing the contending claims of candidates , especially when the candidates rest their arguments on historical precedent . " Bad history scores , like low voter turnout , are nothing new , said Jack Buckley , commissioner of the National Center for Education Statistics . "  This is a long-running story in American academic achievement , " he said . "  There is a core group of kids who are outstanding . There is another small percent , somewhere between 10 and 15 , that we would , our policy-makers would , probably deem proficient and there is big chunk of kids who are below that line and that has not changed much . " In Sudbury , Massachusetts , Will Fitzhugh publishes The Concord Review , a journal highlighting the work of that "  core group " of gifted history students . The low history scores trouble him , but he said he has n't seen many attempts to improve them . "  Nobody is doing anything to fix it , " Fitzhugh said . "  History informs the present with lessons from the past and if you do n't do any history than you are exploring without any background . ... Students are very smart about the way they spend their time and if they do n't have to spend their time doing history they 'll spend their time doing something else . " History professor : There 's a better way to teach history While politicians , educators , administrators or bureaucrats try to find ways to help students master history , the academic equivalent of varsity athletes -- the students Fitzhugh publishes -- have their own view . "  They really should try and find the fun that 's present in learning history , " said incoming Harvard College freshman Tianhao He , a student who was published in The Concord Review . "  When it comes down to it , history is all about people , and people like us who have shaped this nation 's history . "	National test results show fewer than one-fourth of students are "  proficient " in American history Some question whether it 's worth teaching , and whether it helps students find jobs later Educators say history teaches students how to research and make well-informed decisions Students say history teaching should be reframed , made more fun
CNN  Early to bed , and early to rise , makes a man healthy , wealthy , and ... a criminal ? A sanitation worker in an Atlanta suburb already served two weekends in jail -- and faced several more until officials relented Monday -- after authorities charged him for doing his job too early in the morning . Kevin McGill , a garbage collector in Sandy Springs , Georgia , had been sentenced to a total of 30 days in jail for violating the city 's noise ordinance that states that "  trash collection must be conducted between the hours of 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. " He was cited one recent morning after starting work about 5 a.m. McGill said that when he appeared in court , he was "  stunned " when he learned he 'd have to serve time for collecting garbage too early . "  The solicitor said , ` It 's automatic jail time , ' " McGill told CNN affiliate WSB . McGill said it was the first time he 'd violated the ordinance , but the solicitor "  did n't want to hear nothing I had to say . " "  I was shocked , " McGill told WSB . City spokeswoman Sharon Kraun said McGill appeared in court with his employer and agreed to a plea deal , which included a 30-day jail sentence . The court said the sentence could be served on weekends , and Kraun confirmed Monday that McGill already spent two weekends behind bars . After news of McGill 's punishment went viral , the solicitor 's office announced Monday that prosecutors would amend his sentence , saying in a statement , "  The actions of the court with regards to Mr. McGill 's sentence for violating the city 's noise laws was disproportionate to a first-time offense . " "  As such , the court has amended its sentence to time served and further probation  is  suspended , " the statement said . Chief prosecutor Bill Riley told WSB that the jail sentence was his idea because , he said , "  fines do n't seem to work . " "  The only thing that seems to stop the activity is actually going to jail , " McGill said . Still , McGill said being locked up with "  real criminals " was hard , and so was being away from his family . "  I just want this to be over with , " he told WSB before getting word of the "  time served " adjustment . "  I 'm away from my family , my wife , and she 's got to take care of the two little boys and I have four dogs . "	Kevin McGill was initially ordered to serve 30 days in jail for picking up trash too early in the morning McGill already began his sentence , doing two weekends behind bars City relents , letting him off with "  time served " after story goes viral
CNN  Here 's a tip for traveling in Busan : whatever time you 've allotted for a venue or attraction , triple it . No , quadruple it . Everything in South Korea 's second largest city  after Seoul  is better than you think it 's going to be , and you 'll want more time to explore and enjoy . Case in point is Spa Land Centum City , a gigantic , modern jjimjilbang  Korean-style sauna/spa  located inside Shinsegae Department Store Centum City , reportedly the world 's largest department store , which opened four years ago . Before seeing Spa Land , I had set aside an hour for a visit -- the usual amount of time I allot for soaking and scrubbing at a Korean bathhouse . Coming from Seoul , I was skeptical about how different one jjimjilbang could be from any other . The capital , after all , is well known for its extravagant spas . Boy , was I mistaken . A spa like no other Centum City 's Spa Land takes the jjimjilbang concept to an entirely new place . While Seoul jjimjilbangs tend to be mobbed 24 hours a day with families and groups of friends , Spa Land presents a more refined , upscale and leisurely experience . Despite state-of-the-art facilities , admission fees are reasonable -- 12,000  $ 10.50  on weekdays and 14,000  $ 12.25  on weekends . Students get a slight discount and -- here 's an interesting kicker -- children under 13 are n't allowed inside , an unheard of concept in Korea , where families often make weekend rituals of jjimjilbang visits . Another unusual feature is the four-hour limit on stays . Most Korean jjimjilbangs are open 24 hours and often serve as a crash pad for over-indulgent partiers , many of whom prefer to sleep off the effects of the night in a spa rather than face the repercussions of coming home late and smelling like the inside of a brewery vat . How to do Spa Land right The first thing Koreans want to know about a jjimjilbang is whether the water is special enough to bathe in . The water in Spa Land 's baths and pools is pumped from two types of hot springs that lie 100 meters underground , and which are sterilized 36 times a day . The "  sodium bicarbonate hot spring " is the "  beauty bathtub , " said by the spa to "  remove your dead skin cells and make your skin and hair shiny . " The "  sodium chloride hot spring " is "  similar to seawater " and has a "  heat-preservation effect " that is "  good for blood circulation and helps to relieve pain from neuralgia and backache . " The spa ritual itself is familiar . Visitors change into cotton shirts and pants handed out at reception . Then they head to communal areas . There 's a tarot card reading station set up near the entrance , but most people beeline past this and head straight for the outdoor foot bath area . Here there 's a large heated pool for wading back and forth , as well as private booths where couples often play games on their phones while perched precariously above pools of water . Theme rooms Spa Land has dreamed up a variety of themes for its many steam and sauna rooms . These range from extremely hot  I could n't enter this one without yelping in pain  to extremely cold  the Ice Room has a cute , fake jellyfish aquarium  to the gimmicky . How gimmicky ? The walls of the pyramid room are set at a 52-degree angle , "  which has been said to be the easiest angle to collect energies from the universe , " according to the spa . The SEV room "  radiates electrons from SEV " meant to "  metabolize your body rapidly . " The theme rooms are fun to take pictures in . The downstairs snack bar serves bingsu  a beloved Korean shaved ice dessert  and various vinegar drinks said to be good for the skin . Customers can take the snacks and eat them all around the bathhouse . Upstairs there 's a restaurant and cafe run by chefs from the Westin Chosun Hotel . Alcohol consumption is limited to 500 ml per person , to prevent sauna accidents and overly rambunctious parties from disrupting the austere atmosphere . Bath time My favorite spot in the spa is the outdoor rock pool in the women-only bathing area . I soaked under its sodium bicarbonate waterfall for a good 20 minutes before my appointment with the seshin ajumma  scrub ladies  in the scrub room . For 25 minutes I beached myself on a plastic slab , and gave myself over to the capable hands of a professional scrubber . Clad in black bras and panties  standard scrub uniform  , she scoured my entire body with two loofahs . "  Young ladies are the most sensitive , " she said in an amused voice when I squeaked a little . "  The older ladies always ask for the hardest pressure . " I emerged red and raw , but wonderfully clean . It was the best extra 20,000  $ 18  I 've ever spent in spa . Next time I 'll plan on three hours for a visit . Make that four . Spa Land , Centum City , 35 Centumnam-daero , Haeundae-gu , Busan , South Korea ; +82 51 745 2900 ; open daily , 6 a.m.-midnight	Spa Land Centum City offers refined , upscale spa experience Even spa-jaded Koreans are awestruck by this state-of-the-art spa Water in Spa Land 's baths comes from hot springs 100 meters underground Walls of pyramid room are set at a 52-degree angle to "  collect energies from the universe "
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities have detained the country 's former drug czar on suspicion that he may have accepted $ 450,000 a month in bribes from drug traffickers , Mexico 's attorney general said Friday . Noe Ramirez Mandujano was in charge from 2006 through August of fighting organized crime in Mexico . Noe Ramirez Mandujano was in charge from 2006 until this August of the attorney general 's office that specializes in combatting organized crime . Ramirez is accused of meeting with members of a drug cartel while he was in office and agreeing to provide information on investigations in exchange for the bribes , Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora Icaza said at a news conference Friday . The arrest was part of an ongoing investigation called "  Operation Limpieza , " or "  Operation Cleanup , " the attorney general said . The operation targets officials who may have passed information to drug cartels . The arrest was announced Thursday night , four days after the house arrest of Ricardo Gutierrez Vargas , the director for International Police Affairs at Mexico 's Federal Investigative Agency and the head of Mexico 's Interpol office . Authorities say more than 30 officials have been arrested since July in connection with the anti-corruption operation . Interpol , which is based in France , announced Wednesday it is sending a team of investigators to Mexico to investigate the possibility that its communications systems and databases may have been compromised , a prospect raised by the arrest of Gutierrez , the top official working with the agency in Mexico . "  A war of master proportions " between authorities and narcotics traffickers and traffickers among themselves has left more than 4,300 dead so far this year , according to the Council on Hemispheric Affairs , an independent research and information organization . By comparison , the council said in a report this week , there were 2,700 drug-related deaths in 2007 . "  Homegrown drug cartels operating from both within and outside the country are engaging in a vicious turf war to seize control of major trafficking corridors while engaging in almost open warfare against the mobilized forces of the state , " the council said about what it calls "  narco-fueled crime . " Mexican leaders have been trying to tamp down the violence by tightening controls on money-laundering and cracking down on corruption among local and municipal police forces infiltrated by drug traffickers . It may not be enough . "  Due to pervasive corruption at the highest levels of the Mexican government , and the almost effortless infiltration of the porous security forces by the cartel , an ultimate victory by the state is far from certain , " the Hemispheric Council concludes . Drug trafficking in Mexico is a $ 20 billion - to $ 50 billion-a-year industry , as much as the nation earns from tourism or remittances from Mexicans living in the United States , said Robert Pastor , a former National Security adviser to President Jimmy Carter and now a professor of international relations at American University in Washington . He has been studying Latin America for more than four decades . "  This is a huge industry with an extraordinary capacity to corrupt and intimidate the country . And they 're doing both right now , " said Pastor , also a former director of the Carter Center 's Latin American and Caribbean Program . The drug cartels are paying some Mexican officials bribes of $ 150,000 to $ 450,000 a month , authorities have said . This in a country where the per capita income is $ 12,500 a year and one of every seven Mexicans lives in poverty , according to the CIA World Factbook .	Noe Ramirez Mandujano arrested , suspected of taking $ 450,000 a month in bribes About 30 officials arrested in massive operation investigating collusion with cartels Report : 4,300 dead this year in war between authorities and narcotics traffickers Drug cartels pay some officials bribes of $ 150,000 to $ 450,000 a month
Louisville , Kentucky  CNN  -- Old-fashioned detective work has unraveled a complicated but flawed scheme to extort an Australian family by strapping a fake bomb to an 18-year-old woman , court documents reveal . The documents were filed in U.S. District Court in Louisville , Kentucky , because the suspect was arrested near there Monday after allegedly leaving Australia last week . Arrest in baffling collar-bomb case Surveillance video , a memory stick and Internet records helped officials track down Paul Douglas Peters , 50 , according to the complaint for provisional arrest . Australian police plan to seek charges against Peters that include kidnapping , aggravated breaking and entering with intent to commit a serious indictable offense , and demanding property by force with intent to steal , according to the complaint . They are expected to ask for his extradition . Authorities in Australia and the United States linked Peters to the case through files in a USB thumb drive that was attached to the fake bomb placed around the neck of the 18-year-old daughter of the targeted family , according to the complaint filed on behalf of Australian authorities . On August 3 , Peters allegedly broke into a home in Mosman , Australia , wearing a mask and carrying a baseball bat that he purchased using his own credit card , the complaint says . He allegedly looped a black box around the young woman 's neck , claiming in an accompanying note that it contained "  powerful new technology plastic explosives , " according to the complaint . He instructed the family to contact an e-mail address for further instructions . Authorities were able to determine the e-mail account was created May 30 at a Chicago airport , when Peters was traveling there . It was accessed only three times , all in the hours following the break-in , police said . One access occurred at a library in Kincumber , Australia ; the other two were at a business in Avoca Beach , Australia . Each of the log-ins coincides with the video-recorded arrival of a man resembling Peters at the library and near a video store where the account was accessed , according to the complaint . The USB drive draped around the victim 's neck also contained a file that had been created on a computer named "  Paul P , " according to the complaint . Analysis of the memory stick showed an undeleted PDF file that contained "  an exact replica of the demand letter that was left " with the young woman , it said . Deleted files included letters of demand and references to explosive devices and demands for money , the complaint alleges . The documents were signed off with the suspect e-mail account . Video showed a silver Range Rover parked near the library at the time of the incident . Police learned it was made between 1996 and 2001 , according to the complaint . A search of Ranger Rovers on record in the area led police to Peters ' address , according to the complaint . The investment banker left the country August 8 for Chicago and subsequently traveled to Louisville the next day , the complaint states . On Thursday , an FBI agent spotted Peters in the back yard of his former wife 's residence in Buckner , Kentucky , and arrest warrants were issued by Australian authorities on Friday and Saturday . The complaint says that "  police have obtained information that Paul Douglas Peters was formerly employed by a company with which the victim 's family has links . "	U.S. District Court documents reveal new details in collar-bomb case Police used video and Internet records to link Paul Douglas Peters to case Australian police plan to ask suspect be extradited
London  CNN  -- Shafilea Ahmed 's parents have long denied killing their pretty teenage daughter for shaming the family , but the "  honor murder " case that has gripped Britain took an unexpected turn this week . Shafilea 's mother , Farzana , abruptly changed her story in court and implicated her husband , Iftikhar , in the killing , CNN affiliate ITV reported Monday . Iftikhar and Farzana Ahmed are on trial in Chester , England , accused of killing Shafilea , 17 ,  pictured left  in September 2003 . They have pleaded not guilty . Her dismembered body was found on a riverbank months after she disappeared . She had been stripped of anything that would identify her , prosecutor Andrew Edis told the jury in May , according to ITV . Newspapers , television and radio have all been reporting on the prosecution case that Shafilea 's parents killed her because they felt her "  Western " lifestyle brought shame on the family . Shafilea 's sister Alesha testified last month that she saw her parents kill the teen by stuffing a plastic bag into her mouth . She said her parents were angry that Shafilea was wearing a short-sleeved , V-neck top , and no sweater , on the night she was killed . "  Just end it here , " Farzana said to Iftikhar , according to their daughter . They pushed Shafilea down onto a sofa and suffocated her despite her struggles , Alesha testified . Prosecutor Edis called it "  an act of suffocation by both parents acting together . " Alesha Ahmed did not tell police she had seen the killing until 2010 , after she was detained by police in connection with a robbery of the family 's home , ITV reported . She has pleaded guilty to robbery . Prosecutors said she had not been offered any sort of deal in exchange for testifying against her parents . She has testified that both her parents physically abused Shafilea "  every day " over the course of five years , and that her mother did it more "  because she was at home more . " On Monday , Farzana unexpectedly said she had seen her husband attack Shafilea . She said that she tried to intervene to protect the girl , but that her husband pushed her away and punched her , ITV reported . "  Extremely scared , " she fled the room and stayed in a bedroom with other children until she heard a car leaving 20 minutes later . When her husband returned alone , she asked where their daughter was . "  If you care for your dear life and that of your children , do n't ever ask me this question again , " he told her , ITV reported . Indian police : Man chops off daughter 's head , citing her ` indecent behavior ' Farzana Ahmed testified Monday that only one of their children , Mevish , was present when she saw her husband attacking Shafilea . The jury was told that Shafilea had been taken to Pakistan for a hastily arranged marriage before her death , and drank bleach there when her parents suggested she was staying there when the rest of the family returned to England , ITV reported . She was hospitalized for three months after the family came home because of the bleach incident , Alesha testified . Alesha testified in May that her parents were very strict with their daughters , ITV reported . "  Our family was very restricted . It was very different . The Pakistani culture is more restrictive in terms of what you can wear or do , " she said . The trial began in May and is expected to last several more weeks , prosecutors say . Reliable figures of the number of honor murders around the world are hard to come by , but the United Nations Population Fund has estimated there could be 5,000 per year . Family convicted in Canada ` honor murders ' So-called honor murders are a significant enough problem in Britain that the country 's Crown Prosecution Service has an expert specializing in cases where members of a family kill relatives because of behavior that they say shames the family . The CPS began keeping statistics on honor violence in April 2010 and prosecuted 234 cases in the following year , just over half of which were successful . The CPS expert , Nazir Afzal , told CNN earlier this year that convicting perpetrators can be difficult . "  There is a wall of silence around this , and people are not prepared to talk , " he said . But Afzal insisted that it was "  absolutely important that you bring every single person to justice , because you want to deter other people from doing it . " There is a perception that the crime is particularly common among Muslims , but one vocal British campaigner says not all honor violence is perpetrated by Muslims . Disappearance , then discovery , leads to ` honor killing ' outrage Jasvinder Sanghera , who was the victim of a forced marriage , is not Muslim ; she is Sikh . "  Significant cases are happening within South Asian communities , be it Pakistani , Indian , Sikh , Muslim , Kurdish , Iranian , Middle Eastern communities , " she said . Afzal says "  no faith on Earth " justifies killing . "  At the end of the day , murder is murder , " he said . "  Abrahamic faiths say ` Thou shalt not kill . ' At the end of the day , nobody should die for this . " The killings take place in many parts of the world , experts say . Indian father accused of killing baby ` for being a girl ' "  It 's definitely a problem that happens in many different places : the Middle East , Pakistan , Bangladesh and among immigrant communities in North America , " said Nadya Khalife , a researcher on women 's rights in the Arab world for Human Rights Watch . Several Arab countries and territories , including Iraq , Kuwait , Syria , Yemen and the Palestinian territories , have laws providing lesser sentences for honor murders than for other murders , Human Rights Watch says . Egypt and Jordan also have laws that have been interpreted to allow reduced sentences for honor crimes , the group says . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Shafilea Ahmed 's parents are accused of killing the 17-year-old in an "  honor murder " They denied killing her , but on Monday , the mother said she saw her husband attack the girl Shafilea 's sister testified last month that she saw her parents stuff a plastic bag into her mouth The United Nations estimates there could be 5,000 honor murders per year worldwide
CNN  -- Almost a century ago Eglantyne Jebb , the founder of Save the Children , said that the only international language the whole world understands is the cry of a child . Now , as we start the 500-day countdown to the deadline for the Millenium Development Goals and prepare to mark World Humanitarian Day on Tuesday , I am not so sure . Having done far too little to stop children and their schools from becoming instruments of war in Gaza , we have also been slow to respond to the plight of the Yazidi children of Iraq , utterly incapable of providing basic health and education for a million child refugees exiled from Syria and appear powerless to rescue the Nigerian schoolgirls abducted by the Boko Haram terrorist group whose aim is to stop girls going to school . All of this despite international legislation , including the 1907 Hague Regulations , the 1949 Geneva Conventions and more generally the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , the conventions on children and the excellent recommendations from Graca Michel that the U.N. Security Council should pay special attention to the abuses of children 's rights in conflict zones , including the misuse of schools . Now today , exactly 500 days out from December 31 , 2015 -- the point at which we all promised to achieve universal education for all children , there are still 58 million children who never go to school , millions of them unable to do so because they are condemned to child labour , child marriage , child trafficking or , in the case of girls , medieval forms of discrimination . Round the world young people are starting to see the blindingly-obvious connection between boys and girls shelled in Gaza , the schoolgirls abducted in Nigeria , the Syrian refugees without a home , millions of children denied basic rights -- including the right to education across the world -- and the rape of girls in India , the forced marriages of 9 and 10 year olds in Bangladesh , the genital mutilation of their counterparts in Mauritania and across Africa and the denial of girls ' basic rights in Pakistan and elsewhere . It all comes down to one basic truth : Almost 70 years after the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , there is still an abject failure to take children 's rights seriously and , as the adult world vacillates its people themselves who are now becoming the most vociferous in their anger at the violations of their rights , beginning to see their freedom fight as a civil rights struggle and leading the charge for change . And what marks 2014 a turning point for children 's emancipation is the country-by country growth of civil rights groups led by young people themselves and , spurred by contact and communication across the Internet , their coordination under umbrella organizations such as Girls Not Brides , fighting schoolgirl marriage ; the Global March against Child Labour , opposing child slavery ; and the World at School , championing the right to education for all boys and girls . Young people 's groups , from Bachpan Bachao Andolan , fighting child labour in India ; to the Yellow Movement in Ethiopia and the Street 2 school campaign in Tanzania have yet to trend on Twitter and Facebook . But they soon will . Opinion : Nigeria 's kidnapped girls not forgotten Girls fighting child slavery from the Kalamari forum in Nepal and the 19 child marriage free zones in Bangladesh have yet to become a major presence on our streets . But it will happen soon . And on Monday 500 youth ambassadors representing all countries of the world will announce they will meet in New York on September 22 and , shadowing the next day 's U.N. General Assembly of world leaders , they will attempt to force the rights of children onto the international agenda . They will argue hard , and they will be heard . This is not about asking and receiving . They are demanding their rights . They will demand that children should not be weapons of war and schools should never become theaters for prosecuting conflict . They will demand the Security Council now properly police laws that ban the militarization of schools and , as called for in the Lucens guidelines , the insertion of these obligations into doctrine and military manuals . They will demand that education should be a right across borders , with a universal obligation to offer all children education even in unstable environments -- and for the early removal of all barriers , from child labor and child marriage to sexual discrimination -- to this universal right . Of course , what moves people to hear the anguish of the child is the plight of the most marginalized . But , sadly , it is always the weakest , the youngest and the most vulnerable -- the street child , the orphan , the trafficked girl , the isolated rural poor -- who remain neglected , forgotten and left behind . It is to reverse this injustice that we , the adult world who have done too little , must now support young people waging their own liberation struggle . It is not too late : we must , of course , use the next 500 days not just to be more attentive to the needs of the children of the world and to keep our promises but also to offer practical support to young people as youth ambassadors , young people 's representatives and new youth groups mobilize for this new struggle . For if the enduring image from a century ago is one of helpless children waiting to be protected and even pitied , then the image remembered by the next generation will be radically different . As young people connect , communicate with each other and assert their rights , the new "  cry of a child " is less likely to be the shedding of tears and pleas for charity than defiant marches on our streets and a deafening clamor from young people themselves for justice . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Former U.K. Prime Minister Gordon Brown , now a U.N. envoy , says children deserve justice Brown says there are 500 days left to fulfill Millennium goals and we 're falling short Much needs to be done to make promise of universal education meaningful , he says Brown : Young people are demanding their rights and will be heard
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE  -- In 2007 , we stood on the Israeli side of the Erez crossing , where we tried and failed to get into the Gaza Strip . Inside , a Palestinian civil war was taking place , pitting political and philosophical rivals Hamas and Fatah against each other . After a succession of assassinations , kidnappings and street battles , Hamas took complete control of Gaza , and for the first time in its history , had to figure out how to run a government . In 2011 , when the post-Mubarak government of Egypt decided to start letting small numbers of folks into Gaza through their Rafah crossing , we knew it was our chance to finally get a rare glimpse of the embattled Gaza Strip and to see what life was like under the rule of Hamas . Much of Hamas ' popularity within Gaza comes from the fact that they are seen as incorruptible , and when they took power they put a concerted effort into stomping out all forms of vice in on their turf . But the same tunnels that allow Hamas to smuggle in weapons from Egypt also allow for a steady flow of drugs . When we met the members of the Hamas vice cops , they were eager to show off their "  trophy case " which held a wide assortment of some of the drugs and paraphernalia they 've confiscated on raids on homes around the Gaza Strip . Skull-shaped bongs , cocaine , hash , even tall-boy cans of Egyptian beer ... they had it all . But what stood out among all the standard illicit drugs was one called Tramadol . This prescription painkiller has become the drug of choice for young people looking to escape the reality of life in Gaza , something we witnessed during an evening stroll through Gaza City 's central park . See the rest of Crime and Punishment in the Gaza Strip Combine the widespread Tramadol with Hamas ' strict approach to law and order , and soon you have a lot of young men behind bars . We visited Gaza 's central prison , where drug users and drug smugglers alike are locked in a communal cell , their sentences ranging anywhere from one month , to death by hanging . Elsewhere in the same facility we met a woman who was imprisoned for the crime of having a child out of wedlock and another for helping her son escape from Gaza . Hamas ' firm hand seems to have resulted in a kind of orderliness that is not often seen in places that are as impoverished as Gaza . But it is order with a distinctly authoritarian flavor . The Hamas government operates in an environment of paranoia that has them on guard not only against the outside world , but against their brothers and sisters in Fatah , and against ordinary Gazans whose poverty they fear could tempt them into spying for Israel . An authoritarian government operating within prison walls and under economic siege ... it sounds like the setup for a Kurt Russell movie , except that it 's real .	VICE gets a rare glimpse inside the Gaza Strip to see what life is like under Hamas rule Crew entered through an Egyptian crossing that opened during the Arab Spring Visit reveals rampant drug use among young people , overcrowded prisons
CNN  -- A spokeswoman for a group headed by Nobel Peace laureate Shirin Ebadi has been arrested by Iranian authorities less than 48 hours before the country marks the first anniversary of its election fallout , according to a human rights group . Narges Mohammadi , a member of Ebadi 's Defenders of Human Rights Center -- known as Iran 's leading human rights group -- was arrested overnight at her Tehran home , the U.S.-based International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran reported Friday . No information is available about the arrest of Mohammadi , whose whereabouts are unknown , said Hadi Ghaemi , a spokesman for the campaign . Ghaemi noted that a television program on an official Iranian station aired a segment Friday attacking Ebadi 's character and her human rights record . The program included clips of Ebadi 's husband , who was arrested after the June 12 , 2009 , elections and released , making disparaging remarks about his wife . Her husband , Javad Tavasolian , was "  subjected to physical and psychological abuse " while he was detained , the Human Rights Campaign in Iran said . "  He was videotaped while in detention and coerced to make defamatory statements about her . He informed Ebadi about his ill treatment after his release . " Ebadi , who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2003 , has been a vocal critic of Iran 's human rights record , especially in the aftermath of last year 's election . Thousands were arrested during the mass demonstrations that followed -- including former lawmakers , political activists , local and international journalists , filmmakers and foreign nationals -- and hundreds were accused of engaging in a "  soft revolution " and tried in court . In a commentary published on CNN.com Friday , Ebadi stated , "  Most recently , in order to put more pressure on political and social dissidents , and in addition to regular arrests , the Iranian government has resorted to other tactics . For example , the government has been taking hostage and imprisoning the close relatives of these individuals to inflict more intimidation and psychological pressure , in order to have their demands met . " She named her sister , Nushin Ebadi , a dentistry professor who was detained for 17 days in December , among the examples of those arrested without cause . The Islamic government has steadily been tightening its grip throughout the year , said a report issued Thursday by Human Rights Watch , a group that also has been monitoring the situation through interviews with people in Iran . The government and police have issued warnings to Iranians not to participate in any gatherings Saturday , and opposition leaders called off protests to mark the anniversary for fear of another crackdown . Human Rights Watch said the atmosphere inside the country is markedly different from the images of defiance that filled the internet and television screens starting a year ago . "  While the international community has focused on Iran 's nuclear ambitions , Tehran has been methodically crushing all forms of dissent inside the country , " Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch , told CNN this week . "  Journalists , lawyers , and civil society activists who used to speak to foreign media and human rights groups are increasingly reluctant , fearing phone and internet surveillance , " he said in a statement released with the latest report . The rights group says Iran 's crackdown extends beyond election protesters . The 19-page report lists abuses including arbitrary arrests , extrajudicial killings , rapes , torture and violations of the rights to freedom of assembly and expression . Scores of journalists and human rights activists have been targeted , the report says , and the government has executed at least seven Kurdish political dissidents , while more than a dozen sit on death row . Iran has defended its record before the U.N. Human Rights Council . Mohammad Javad Larijani , the secretary general of Iran 's High Council for Human Rights , has said that the government goes after only those who incite violence . "  Nobody is jailed because of the protest , " Larijani said in February . "  The only reason for jailing is the violence which was attached with the protests . Any government has a duty to bring an end to the violence . I think the beating of our police is much more less than the New York and Los Angeles police . "	Associate of Nobel Peace laureate Shirin Ebadi arrested in Iran Arrest comes less than 48 hours before Iran marks election anniversary Ebadi 's husband and sister , others arrested over past year Iranian goverment inflicting "  intimidation , " Ebadi says
CNN  -- Do n't miss a goal during Euro 2008 ! Get all the latest goals and match updates on CNN 's Euro 2008 mobile site : http://cnnmobile.com/euro2008 Plus , the first 10,000 people to sign up will get FREE SMS goal and match alerts . To subscribe , send a SMS to +447800001266 with your favorite team 's country code as the message : AT , CH , CZ , DE , ES , FR , GR , HR , IT , NL , PL , PT , RO , RU , SE , TR . To unsubscribe , send a SMS with text ` ALERTS STOP ' to +447800001266 . For questions about the service e-mail help@cnnmobile.com Visit http://cnnmobile.com for more details . For terms and conditions , click here .	Get goal alerts , Euro 2008 news on the move at http://cnnmobile.com/euro2008 Visit http://cnnmobile.com/ for details about using CNN Mobile
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu has a few choice words for the feuding family of Nelson Mandela : Resolve your differences , and stop tainting the former president 's name . Tutu intervened after a bitter dispute among relatives over the burial of Mandela 's three deceased children . His grandson exhumed them from Qunu two years ago , then reburied them in Mvezo . The rest of the family sued the grandson , and a court ordered him to return the remains to Qunu , where the former president spent his childhood . They were reburied there this week . The drama has played out in public , with the grandson , Mandla Mandela , lashing out at his relatives during a news conference . Mandela 's family dispute comes at a precarious time . The statesman is hospitalized and on life support for a recurring lung infection . Though he has been getting kidney dialysis , he is not in a vegetative state and opens his eyes when people talk to him , a source with direct knowledge of the situation told CNN on Friday . The feud has appalled the nation , prompting Tutu to step in and appeal to the family to stop . "  Please , please , please may we think not only of ourselves . It 's almost like spitting in Madiba 's face , " Tutu said in a statement , according to the South African Press Association . "  Your anguish , now , is the nation 's anguish -- and the world 's . We want to embrace you , to support you , to shine our love for Madiba through you . " Madiba is the revered statesman 's clan name . Mandela has been hospitalized in Pretoria for nearly a month . Court documents filed in relation to the case revealed more details on the condition of South Africa 's first black president . His health had declined so sharply last week that his family was considering whether to take him off life support , a court document revealed Thursday . His condition later improved . The document , known as a "  certificate of urgency , " was filed on June 26 . It stated that Mandela , 94 , had taken "  a turn for the worst " and doctors had advised his family to switch off his life support machine . "  Rather than prolonging his suffering , the Mandela family is exploring this option as a very real probability , " it added . Mandela remains in critical but stable condition , President Jacob Zuma 's office reported Thursday . Considered the founding father of South Africa 's democracy , Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting against apartheid , the country 's system of racial segregation . He emerged from prison in 1990 and became the nation 's first black president four years later . His lung problems started during his years in prison under the nation 's now-defunct apartheid regime . Tutu , who was also a hero of the anti-apartheid movement , is friends with Mandela . The remains are Mandela 's daughter , Makaziwe Mandela , who died as a baby in 1948 ; his eldest son , Madiba Thembekile , who died in a car crash in 1969 ; and Makgatho Mandela , father to Mandla , who died in 2005 . Before they were reburied this week , a forensic test was done to confirm the identities of the bodies . CNN 's Robyn Curnow reported from Pretoria , and Faith Karimi reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report from London .	NEW : Mandela getting kidney dialysis , source says Tutu intervened after a bitter dispute among relatives of the anti-apartheid icon The bitter squabble is over the burial of Mandela 's three children They were exhumed and reburied this week in Mandela 's boyhood home of Qunu
CNN  -- As India hosts the world 's second largest automobile trade show , its domestic market seems to be having some difficulty getting out of first gear . Car manufacturers from across the world , along with India 's homegrown car companies , have descended on New Delhi for the 12th edition of the biannual Auto Expo show . Global manufacturers view the still-modest percentage of car owners as leaving room for long-term growth . Boasting increasing amounts of disposable income , India 's emergent middle class is viewed by the global automobile industry as a prize -- something reflected in the international interest in New Delhi . "  India 's middle class has been expanding , " Toshiyuki Shiga , Vice Chairman , Nissan , told CNN . "  They 'll increase domestic demand . We 'd like to offer our vehicles at reasonable prices . " As the event opens , some eyes are focused on the sports utility market , with Chevrolet 's Adra SUV concept and Volkswagen 's Taigun , a mini SUV , rumored to be launched at Auto Expo 2014 . High-end marques like Jaguar will also be displaying new cars , like its F-Type Coupe . However , it is the sub-four-meter compact sedans that are set to dominate the show this year . New cars for the Indian market aspiring to lure the growing middle classes include the 2014 Hyundai Xcent , Honda Amaze and Maruti Dzire , Ford Figo Concept . These brands will be unveiled at the Expo alongside the domestic Maruti  in partnership with Japan 's Suzuki motors  , Cerelio -- expected to be the most popular launch of the event -- and Tata 's Zest and Bolt hatchback models . With these new models , Tata , the Mumbai-based manufacturer , has undergone some radical overhauls of its design and technology processes -- including the inclusion of the company 's Revotron engine -- in a bid to recapture lost market share . "  These cars have been engineered for global markets , through global teams across India , the UK and Korea to set new standards in their respective segments , " Ranjt Yadav , president of passenger vehicles , Tata Motors , told reporters in Delhi . Hyundai , currently the country 's second-largest car manufacturer , will cut export figures to focus more on the domestic market and maintain market share . "  Based on market requirement , we will recalibrate our production between domestic and export market , " Rakesh Srivastava , Hyundai Motor India 's vice-president of marketing and sales , said in an interview with the country 's Economic Times . "  Then , whenever there is a need , our investor , our global parent is committed to bringing in additional investment in terms of capacity ; but the additional 45,000 units added through re-engineering is enough to meet the demand in the short-term . " As India develops as an economic power and consumers become more sophisticated in their buying habits , analysts say that the automotive industry 's growth is slowing down . "  The auto industry is facing significant headwinds on account of rising interest rates , increased fuel prices and reduced share of consumer wallet to discretionary purchases , " Deepak Gupta , Institutional Equities , Trust Financial Group , told CNN . "  Growth has been tepid in both two - and four-wheelers , and the majority of growth is attributed to entry level vehicles . " The Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers  SIAM  said sales of passenger vehicles declined by 5.72 % during April-December 2013 , compared to the same period the previous year . India produced 2,029,589 vehicles in the first half of 2013 , according to figures released by the International Organization of Motor Vehicle Manufacturers , representing an 8.7 % decline over the same period the previous year . In comparison , the United States , a country with around a quarter of the population , made 5,665,485 . China , by far the world 's largest auto producer , manufactured 10,751,683 vehicles in the same period . Gupta says that , while "  major car companies are bullish on India and think the economy could change post-general elections , " he does not think that the Auto Expo itself will provide an upturn in market sentiment . And while the automobile market might be in danger of stalling , India 's sheer numbers mean that there are still thousands of new cars being introduced to India 's already-congested roads every day . Delhi recently stole Beijing 's crown as the world 's most polluted city , and lax environmental standards in domestically produced cars are considered partly to blame for Delhi 's poor air quality . Alongside smog caused by traffic , congestion as well as high accident rates and fatalities in India 's urban centers mean that cars are an increasing part of the difficulties of life in the subcontinent . Mumbai , the country 's financial capital , has attempted to address the issue with the recent addition of a nine-kilometer-long monorail . The line , which opened at the beginning of February , traverses the western Indian city and will offer respite to some commuters but much of the remainder of the country 's public transportation network is antiquated and overburdened , meaning that cars are increasingly the choice of the growing middle class .	The 12th Delhi Auto Expo opens on February 7 Compacts continue to dominate attention Auto market remains sluggish in India , but global manufacturers willing to bet on the long-term India 's private cars remain a big contributor to pollution and congestion woes
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- First-time winners and new shows took the lion 's share of the hardware Sunday night at the 62nd Primetime Emmy Awards . "  Modern Family " beat out the heavily favored "  Glee " for outstanding comedy honors , and wound up winning six Emmys out of 14 nominations while "  Mad Men " and "  Breaking Bad " continued their winning ways in the drama category . "  We are thrilled that families are sitting down to watch a television show , " said "  Modern Family " creator Steven Levitan . "  Thank you for letting us into your families . " "  The Pacific , " which won seven Creative Arts Emmys last weekend and outstanding miniseries during the primetime show , was the overall champ , but the night 's big winners were the TV movie "  Temple Grandin , " which won five Emmys for a total of seven . "  Modern Family " took four Emmys on Sunday night and six overall . "  Mad Men " received its third straight outstanding drama series trophy . "  I ca n't believe we are here , " said series creator Matthew Weiner . The trend-setting AMC series received 17 nominations , and four Emmys . Actress Claire Danes won her first Emmy receiving the best actress in a miniseries or a movie award for her turn in "  Temple Grandin " which also scored up with seven wins including best miniseries or movie . "  This is in service of your work , " Danes said , thanking the real-life Grandin during her acceptance speech . The award show proved to be full of surprises . Aaron Paul of "  Breaking Bad " scored his first win for outstanding supporting actor in a drama , and Jim Parsons from "  The Big Bang Theory " beat out such veterans Alec Baldwin and Tony Shalhoub for best actor in a comedy . Edie Falco scored her fourth Emmy as lead actress . Falco , who had previously won for "  The Sopranos " in the drama category , took home the award for best actress in a comedy for her role on "  Nurse Jackie . " "  I 'm not funny , " Falco insisted when she took to the stage . "  Top Chef " ended seven years of domination of "  The Amazing Race " in the best reality show category . "  The Daily Show " won for outstanding variety , music , or comedy series . The critically acclaimed "  Breaking Bad " swept the drama acting category with the show 's star Bryan Cranston winning for best actor . George Clooney received the Bob Hope Humanitarian Award for his many philanthropic works , including "  America : A Tribute to Heroes in the Wake of 9/11 , " "  Tsunami Aid : A Concert of Hope , " "  A Concert for the Gulf Coast " and the "  Hope for Haiti Now " telethon . Kyra Sedgwick took home her first Emmy for best actress in a drama for her work on "  The Closer , " and Archie Panjabi from "  The Good Wife " won for best supporting actress in a drama . Jane Lynch from "  Glee " looked shocked for her selection as best supporting actress in a comedy series and was followed to the podium by "  Glee " co-creator Ryan Murphy , who won the award for directing in a comedy series . Eric Stonestreet , who plays Cameron Tucker in ABC 's "  Modern Family , " won the first Emmy Sunday for best supporting actor in a comedy series . "  All I wanted to be was a clown in the circus , growing up , " Stonestreet said as he accepted the award . The most spoken words during Sunday night 's awards show may be "  Glee " and "  Mad Men , " as those two shows dominate nominations with a total of 36 . Who wins and what they say will be seen sooner across the entire United States , since NBC moved the broadcast up several weeks to avoid a conflict with NFL football games that the network starts broadcasting on Sunday nights in September . West Coast viewers , who normally have to wait three hours to see a delayed broadcast , could witness the Emmys live this year , which started at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT . The program repeated again on the West Coast immediately after it ended in the Eastern time zone . Comedian Jimmy Fallon served as host of the show at the Nokia Theatre in downtown Los Angeles . CNN 's David Daniel contributed to this report	NEW : "  Modern Family " beats "  Glee " for best comedy Emmy win NEW : "  Mad Men " wins Emmy for best drama series Claire Danes wins her first Emmy , in "  Temple Grandin " Aaron Paul of "  Breaking Bad , " Jim Parsons of "  Big Bang Theory " score surprise wins
Doha , Qatar  CNN  -- An international donors conference on reconstruction and development in Darfur ended Monday with donors pledging nearly $ 3.7 billion toward "  recovery , reconstruction and development of Darfur during six years . " The bulk of the pledges come from a commitment made by the Sudanese government to contribute $ 2.65 billion . The state of Qatar announced that it pledged $ 500 million , and the European Union said it would commit $ 35 million . The United States , which currently is the biggest donor to Darfur through the U.S. Agency for International Development  USAID  , said it would not make any new financial commitment and expressed concern over the deteriorating security situation in Darfur . The 40 countries participating in the conference overwhelmingly expressed support for the Doha Document for Peace in Darfur as a base for peace in Darfur . Violence broke out in Darfur , a region of Sudan , in 2003 when non-Arab rebel groups took up arms against the central government in Khartoum , accusing it of neglect and discrimination . In response , the government of Sudan unleashed a massive counterinsurgency using militias known as the janjaweed . The violence that followed has led to the deaths of 300,000 people , according to United Nations figures from 2008 . The Sudanese government says that 10,000 have died . The International Criminal Court as a result indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide allegedly committed in Darfur . One rebel group , the Liberation and Justice Movement signed a peace agreement with the Sudanese government in 2011 known as the Doha Document for Peace , but progress on the deal has been slow . Three other rebel groups have refused to sign the document . On Sunday , a splinter group from the Justice and Equality Movement , the largest Darfurian rebel group , signed a "  final peace agreement " with the Sudanese government .	Violence broke out in Darfur , a region of Sudan , in 2003 Non-Arab rebel groups took up arms against the central government in Khartoum In 2008 , the U.N. put the death toll from ongoing violence at 300,000 A conference ends with pledges of billions for "  recovery , reconstruction and development "
CNN  -- The federal government 's response manager to the Gulf oil disaster said Sunday that BP has made progress , but cautioned it was too early to call the effort a success . "  We 're making the right progress . I do n't think anyone should be pleased as long as there 's oil in the water , " Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . Allen was responding to remarks over the weekend by BP 's senior vice president , Bob Fryar , who said the company was "  pleased " with its operation to funnel crude up from the ruptured undersea well to a drilling ship a mile above on the Gulf of Mexico . Fryar said the company funneled about 250,000 gallons of oil in the first 24 hours from a containment cap , installed on the well , to a drilling ship on the ocean surface . On Saturday , BP had increased the amount of oil it was funneling to about 441,000 gallons to the surface . Federal authorities estimate that 798,000 gallons of crude are gushing into the sea every day . Allen confirmed that BP has been able to bring oil to the surface after placing the cap , but said no one should be pleased until a relief well is completed and the leaking stops . "  This is an insidious enemy , " Allen said . "  It 's attacking all of our shores , it 's holding the Gulf hostage , basically . " In an apperance on ABC 's "  This Week , " Allen described the current state of the spill as a series of pools , ranging from 20-100 yards to several miles in length . "  The spill has disaggregated over a 200-mile radius around the wellbore . It 's not a monolithic spill . It is literally hundreds and thousands of smaller spills , " he said . Even as the administration has tried to distance itself from BP in recent days , with the Justice Department launching both criminal and civil investigations into the spill , it has not been enough to temper the frustration seething among residents along the coastline . Florida Sen. George LeMieux , a Republican , demanded that BP donate $ 1 billion for a cleanup fund for the five Gulf states and said that President Obama "  needs to push them to do that . " "  I want to see this president more engaged here on the ground , working through problems , " LeMieux said . On "  State of the Union , " Florida Gov. Charlie Crist said his state was "  as ready as we can be , " as the currents moved the oil eastward . In addition to a declaration of a state of disaster , Florida has about 250,000 feet of boom spread around the Panhandle and has another 250,000 feet available , Crist said . Florida is also pushing BP to respond to claims made by business owners who are losing business and facing an economic crisis because of the spill . "  In the short term , we want these claims to be responded to more quickly , " Crist said . "  These people need help , and we need to be there to try to make them as whole as we can during this very difficult process . " Tony Kennon , the mayor of Orange Beach , Alabama , confronted Fryar at the Saturday news conference for not acting promptly when reports surfaced that tar balls were washing ashore . Visibly upset , Kennon said local officials had been asking to meet with BP officials for over a month , but their requests went unanswered . "  If you sensed our frustration , you would have been here a lot sooner , " Kennon told Fryar . "  People in Orange Beach are starving to death now because they ca n't get out to catch the fish . " Allen said the Alabama incident the mayor referred to was the result of a mechanical failure where a boom became disconnected before a skimmer arrived to prevent the oil from reaching the shore . Overall , however , Allen said the federal government is in charge of making sure BP is carrying out its cleanup responsibilities . In an effort to respond faster , Coast Guard field commanders do n't need approval to get cleanup equipment out , Allen said . "  If there 's oil out there , they need to call in skimming equipment , " he said . "  We do n't want them to go two or three levels up to higher authority to be able to do that . I 've given direct orders to all my field commanders out there that when they see oil and they have the capability to respond and they 're to do it . " Not all the Gulf states were suffering the effects of the spill equally . In Mississippi , barely any oil had appeared on the shores , but the state 's tourist industry was nonetheless feeling the pinch . "  The truth is we 've had virtually no oil , " Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour told "  Fox News Sunday . " "  If you were on the Mississippi Gulf Coast anytime in the last 48 days , you did n't see any oil at all . " The biggest effect the state has felt , Barbour said , resulted from media reports saying that the entire Gulf Coast was affected . Mississippi 's "  tourist season has been hurt by misperceptions of what 's going on down here , " he said . On Saturday , Allen told reporters that BP planned to shut down valves in the cap -- which are allowing oil to escape -- once the pressure is eased . The ultimate capacity of the operation is 630,000 captured gallons a day , still shy of the amount spewing . Earlier , coastal residents had anxiously awaited news of BP 's progress as elevated southerly winds pushed the perimeter of the spilled oil closer to shorelines as far east as the Florida Panhandle . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration predicted that scattered tar balls and light sheen would impact beaches as far east as Bay County , home to popular destinations in Panama City . Florida beaches remained open Saturday , but the number of beachgoers was down . The sun and surf were interrupted by sticky brown globs of oil washing up on the sugary sand and workers with blue rubber gloves and plastic bags trying to keep the beach clean . Earlier , Crist walked the beach accompanied by "  Margaritaville " singer Jimmy Buffett , who is building a hotel on the Pensacola shoreline . "  I saw some tar balls , " Crist said . "  It 's terrible when you see something like that . It breaks your heart . " The oil spill has already threatened ecologically sensitive lands along the Gulf Coast . Images of oil-drenched pelicans were all over the Internet , prompting even more public anger toward BP . Obama sought in his weekly address Saturday to ease fear along the Gulf Coast by reaffirming his commitment to clean up the worst oil spill in U.S. history . "  It 's brutally unfair . It 's wrong , " Obama said in the address , recorded a day earlier in Grand Isle , Louisiana . "  And what I told these men and women -- and what I have said since the beginning of this disaster -- is that I 'm going to stand with the people of the Gulf Coast until they are made whole . " It appeared that BP was making progress after capping the breached wellhead , Obama said , but he said that the federal government was "  prepared for the worst . " He cited a series of statistics that illustrated the "  largest response to an environmental disaster of this kind in the history of our country " : • 17,500 National Guard troops authorized for deployment ; • 20,000 people currently working to protect waters and coastlines ; • 1,900 vessels in the Gulf assisting in the cleanup ; • 4.3 million feet of boom deployed with another 2.9 million feet of boom available , enough to stretch over 1,300 miles ; • 17 staging areas across Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , and Florida to rapidly defend sensitive shorelines . Meanwhile , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration issued a sliver of good news Saturday . After reviewing images and data , the agency reopened more than 13,000 square miles of the Gulf -- just west of the Florida Keys and Dry Tortugas -- for fishing . But at the same time , it closed a 2,275-square mile area off the Florida Panhandle , extending the northern boundary just east of the western edge of Choctawhatchee Bay , which means 32 percent of the Gulf still remains off-limits for fishing . The BP well erupted after an explosion and fire on the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig on April 20 . The BP-leased rig sank two days later , leaving up to 19,000 barrels  798,000 gallons  of oil pouring into the Gulf daily , according to federal estimates .	NEW : Mississippi seeing no oil on beaches , but tourists are staying away , governor says Frustration grows among Gulf residents BP collects 250,000 gallons of oil in first 24 hours of funneling Oil mars pristine beaches on Florida Panhandle
