CNN  -- On Wednesday night , TP Mazembe , a Congolese team hailing from the country 's second city of Lubumbashi , and New Zealand 's Auckland City FC will play a FIFA Club World Cup fifth place play-off in an unseasonably wet and no doubt half-empty stadium in Abu Dhabi , capital of the United Arab Emirates . There are arguably few fixtures in international club football that come as obscure as the match up between the surprise champions of Africa and Oceania 's amateur representatives . In the hierarchy of the game , the match-up will barely register a second look amongst the sport 's elite . But the match holds huge significance , not just in both of the respective countries , but by also performing an invaluable service for world football : giving a much needed leg-up to football 's outsiders . The tournament has long been seen as an inconvenience to the fans of the top European teams , thanks to the fact that it falls in the middle of the domestic season . The schedules have been tweaked accordingly : Barcelona will be parachuted in for the semi-finals , needing only two games to win the title . Yet for the poorer teams from far-flung confederations , the Club World Cup offers those on the fringes a chance to shine against some of the world 's top clubs and earn prize money that would take decades to earn in their home continents . "  New Zealand qualified for the World Cup , now we 've won our first game at the Club World Cup so it has been a great year for New Zealand football , " said Auckland City FC goalkeeper Jason Spoonley after his team beat Dubai 's Al Ahli in their first round match , an amazing feat for a club that does n't have a single professional player . The victory followed New Zealand 's two-leg intercontinental play-off against Bahrain , which saw the All Whites qualify for South Africa 2010 . For Spoonley , who was in the All Whites ' squad , both that qualification and the Club World Cup victory gives football in New Zealand , a country dominated by rugby , a huge lift back home . More importantly , it gives the players a chance to show off their skills to European scouts . "  This tournament gives us amazing exposure that millions of players would die for . I 've just heard a couple of rumors that some of the boys were being looked at by Spanish La Liga clubs , " he said . But the largest impact comes from the sheer scale of the money involved . For winning the O-League , the Oceania Champions League , Auckland City FC received nothing . The total prize pot in Abu Dhabi , however , is $ 16.5 million . Even coming last guarantees $ 500,000 , but their heroics against Al Ahli , followed by a tough 3-0 defeat to Mexico 's Atlante , means they will now pocket at least $ 1million , even if they lose to TP Mazembe . "  The money allows us a bit more freedom . It means I can travel for trials abroad which can be expensive , " explained Spoonley , who splits his time playing for Auckland and studying for a joint honors law and political science degree . "  It is a fantastic relief for amateur clubs . " TP Mazembe have also overcome large obstacles to get to Abu Dhabi . When the team broke North Africa 's recent dominance to win the African Champions League this year , it marked the return of Congolese  DR  football to the top of the African game . More than 40 years ago they were considered one of the best teams on the continent reaching four Champions League finals between 1967 and 1970 and winning two of them . But two brutal wars , the second of which took more lives than any conflict since World War Two , an estimated 5.4 million according to a 2008 International Rescue Committee mortality survey , destroyed almost every aspect of civil society and decimated its sporting infrastructure . "  There were many times my life was at risk , it was a difficult time . With the end of the war I am happy that there is now peace , " said Tresor Mputu , the side 's captain who is currently considered one of the best players in Africa following a nomination for the 2009 BBC African Player of the Year and finishing top scorer in the African Champions League in 2007 and 2008 . TP Mazembe will benefit handsomely from their appearance in Abu Dhabi , even after narrowly losing to South Korea 's Pohang Steelers 2-1 . The prize money for winning the African Champions League is $ 950,000 . In comparison a win on Wednesday , which will secure fifth place , will clinch the Congolese side $ 1.5 million . Yet the attack-minded midfielder sees the team 's international success as more than just the pursuit of footballing glory and financial gain . "  Football is a huge factor for development in Africa , in DR Congo especially , " he said . "  People love football so much , it unifies even in times of war . Winning is so important . To win , win , win all the time can only be a good thing . The greatest feeling was in the -LSB- African -RSB- Champions League , to be united in the football stadium to see all the fans come to support . " The stadium on Wednesday night might well only contain a smattering of truly die-hard football fans , and few in Europe will care who comes fifth and sixth in a minor footnote on the international football calendar . But for millions of fans in Congo and New Zealand , not to mention those that will aspire to take their places next year , Wednesday night will be anything but an irrelevance . "  It has been the dream of my career to play at the FIFA Club World Cup , " said Mputu , who has begun to attract the attentions of English Premier League clubs . "  It will be a great moment , a great challenge , but I have the support of all the Congolese people behind me . "	FIFA Club World will see a fifth place play-off between TP Mazembe and Auckland City FC The tournament offers smaller nations the chance to shine on the global stage The prize money for finishing last on a par with winning major continental honors Football helping the game grow in New Zealand ; heal the wounds of war in DR Congo
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- The family of an American college student who has been missing for more than a week in Madrid has hired private investigators from California to help search for him , the student 's father told CNN on Monday . A small team of investigators from the Halo Corp. is due to arrive in Madrid on Tuesday to search for the San Diego State University student , Austin Taylor Bice , who went missing after a night out with friends , said his father , Larry Bice . Halo 's website says it is a San Diego-based company "  founded by former special operations and intelligence personnel . " "  They are helpers , " the elder Bice told CNN . "  I do n't want to give the idea that they are coming here running and gunning because they are not . They are coming to work with the police and do whatever they can . " The missing student , 22 , has not been seen by friends since early February 26 , when he told them he was going home , alone , while others stayed at a discotheque , family members and friends said . Spanish police are investigating , and a U.S. Embassy official in Madrid has confirmed the missing-person report . The student 's father rushed to Madrid from San Diego last Wednesday and has since met several times with Spanish and U.S. authorities . Friends of the student quickly organized a campaign to put up posters of him around Madrid , which read "  Missing . Austin Taylor Bice . U.S. citizen , 22 , 1.95 meters tall and 100 kilograms "  6 feet , 5 inches and 220 pounds  . The posters show Bice with a smiling , clean-shaven face , but he started growing a beard two weeks before he went missing , his father said . The posters list two phone numbers -- a friend 's cell phone and a police office line -- but the elder Bice said new posters will go up listing two national emergency phone numbers in Spain . There is no indication of a kidnapping , and no demands have been received , his father said . Austin Bice arrived in mid-January for a semester of business-course study at a Madrid university . On February 25 , he went out with five friends to a popular Madrid discotheque that does n't open until midnight . He later left alone , early February 26 , saying he was headed home , friends and family members told CNN . A family member last Saturday told CNN that contrary to earlier reports , Bice was not refused entry to the discotheque by doormen and was not drunk , although "  he had a few beers . " Instead , he just decided to go home . "  We always told him , never be by yourself . Always be with somebody . And I think the problem was he got a little bit overconfident and decided that he wanted to go it alone , go back to the house by himself and that was the problem , " said Juan Gabriel Paredes , a family member who came to Madrid from Wichita , Kansas , to help Bice 's father in the search . Paredes said four of Bice 's friends went into the discotheque while Bice and another friend remained outside . Eventually Bice decided to go home alone . Dozens of Bice 's friends and others responding to internet notifications conducted a search last Saturday , starting from the discotheque , La Riviera , on the banks of the Manzanares River , down a hill and removed by many blocks from the city center . "  I just want to say thank you for all being here . It 's hard for me to talk about it , but thank you , " Bice 's father told the search teams , his voice cracking . "  People we 've talked to say if it were bad , it would have shown up right away , " Bice 's father told CNN on Thursday in an off-camera interview . "  It 's easier being here than at home . I see what 's going on . " The student was carrying two credit cards and his California driver 's license , his father said . Calls to two cell phones Bice was carrying the night he went missing have gone unanswered , his friends said . The weekend search teams split into four-member groups and fanned out , some heading across the river to a large park , others walking up Calle Segovia toward the city center , where friends said Bice was last seen . The search teams posted more missing-person posters and entered stores and other establishments to ask people if they had seen anything . Some responded that they had seen the news of the missing student on Spanish media . The U.S.-based Institute of International Education said that in 2007 , Spain was the third most-popular destination worldwide for Americans studying abroad , after the United Kingdom and Italy . It said there were about 17,000 American students in Spain . Bice was studying in Madrid at the University of Carlos III , which has 18,000 students , including about 220 Americans , the school 's director of international relations , Carlos Lopez Terradas , told CNN . His father said , "  It 's been hard , real hard . These are the things you hope never happen to you . " He added he would remain in Madrid to follow the search for his son "  as long as I need to . "	Missing-person posters appearing in Madrid and on Spanish media Austin Taylor Bice , 22 , was last seen outside a Madrid disco February 26 Bice 's father has come from the U.S. and says he plans to stay "  as long as I need to "
CNN  -- For many graduate students seeking an advanced education degree , obstacles abound . Issues of finance , time management and family logistics often get in the way of students furthering their education and their dreams . Palestinian Sawsan Salameh is attending an Israeli university after years of negotiations and court proceedings . For Sawsan Salameh , the obstacles also involved politics . Several years ago , Salameh , a 31-year-old Palestinian from the West Bank village of Anata , was granted a scholarship to study at Hebrew University of Jerusalem . Although her town is only a few miles from the university , access to the school was out of reach because of an Israeli military ban that limited Palestinian students ' access to Israeli universities , on security grounds . But she was far from giving up on her goal of pursuing her education . "  When I was in high school , it was a dream that I should finish my Ph.D. , " Salameh said . After obtaining a master 's degree at Al Quds University , a Palestinian school in the West Bank , Salameh was granted full scholarships at several international schools , including Hebrew University . With the military ban in place , Salameh considered studying at a university abroad . "  I started to think I should get up and take this offer to leave , but it 's not easy to go abroad , and the only chance is for me to study in Israel , because it 's important for me to stay close to my family , " Salameh said . Salameh sought the support of the Israeli human rights organization Gisha , which submitted a petition to Israel 's Supreme Court on her behalf in 2006 . The Supreme Court responded by asking the military to lift the ban and allow Salameh to study at Hebrew University , where she is pursuing a Ph.D. in pharmacology . "  We argued Sawsan 's case for 2 1/2 years , and at the end of the day , the military agreed to let Sawsan study , " said Sari Bashi , director of Gisha . "  It was impossible to deny her incredible talents and the example she set for women and girls throughout the West Bank , " Bashi says . The Israeli military agreed to review all future requests for Palestinians in the West Bank wishing to pursue a degree at an Israeli university on a case-by-case basis , based on specific criteria . The criteria include that the potential student clear all necessary internal security checks , that the student pursue a degree in a discipline that would encourage regional cooperation and develop area coexistence , and that the area of study not have the potential to cause damage to Israel , says Maj. Guy Inbar , spokesman for the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories . The area of study must be supported by an international organization  such as the U.N. or the Red Cross  and approved by the Ministry of Education and must also be a degree unique to an Israeli university  not offered at a Palestinian university  . The request must come with a recommendation from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , according to Inbar . After Salameh 's victory , Gisha , with the support of a number of Israeli academics , further appealed to the court to push the military to ease these limitations . The Israeli military 's heightened security concerns reflect heightened tensions in the region due to the ongoing Palestinian-Israeli conflict . In July 2002 , a bomb exploded in the student cafeteria of Hebrew University , killing seven people . The Islamic fundamentalist group Hamas claimed responsibility for the explosion , according to Palestinian sources . Still , some academics at Hebrew University believe qualified students like Salameh pose no security risk , and their acceptance to Israeli universities could even foster better relations in the region . Professor Alon Harel , a law professor at Hebrew University , pushed for the appeal to lift the military 's criteria on Palestinian students . He believes that the admission of Palestinian students from the West Bank would enrich the academic environment at the university , particularly in the study of law . "  It 's particularly important for classes to be diverse , for people to have familiarity with Arabic studies and Islamic law , " he said . Other academics agree that qualified students such as Salameh can only add to the diversity of the campus , where thousands of Israeli Arab students are enrolled . "  My personal feeling is that we should do everything we can to allow Palestinian students to study at Hebrew University , " said Yaacov Schul , vice rector at Hebrew University . Salameh is a devout Muslim with a traditional background yet shirks pressure from family members to focus on marriage and motherhood . "  Everyday I have to hear something about -LSB- not being married -RSB- from relatives and aunts , " she says . "  It 's become -LSB- the -RSB- usual . " Salameh , who also provides valuable resources for young women at a women 's center she opened in her community , says she hopes her pursuit of higher education will open even more doors for young women also wishing to pursue a higher education and achieve their academic goals . "  I get lots of phone calls every day from girls in the West Bank who ask me how to apply to universities in Israel , " Salameh said . "  Maybe they can become more than just a wife and mother and at least finish their first degree , " she said . Salameh says she enjoys the collegial atmosphere at Hebrew University , where she studies among Israeli Arab , international and Israeli students . She is considering pursuing another degree after completing her Ph.D. in two years . "  I would like to help other people , and I hope the political situation will become better and things will become easier , " she said .	Palestinian Sawsan Salameh faced many obstacles before attending Israeli school She hopes she can open doors for other students to study where they want She also has become a role model for girls in the West Bank to pursue education
CNN  -- A family of six survived two days in wintry Nevada mountains by starting a fire and then bringing warm rocks into their overturned Jeep , preventing frostbite to the couple and four small children , local residents said Tuesday . When three residents finally found the family and their vehicle during a massive search , the family had little food left , so resident Salvador Paredes pulled a candy bar from his pocket and shared it with them , Paredes said . In a search involving 200 people , rescuers finally located the family on Tuesday after they had gone missing two days earlier during a playful outing in the snow in mountainous northwest Nevada . Temperatures on Monday morning , hours after the family disappeared , were about 21 degrees below zero , officials said . Winds were relatively light . The group was found safe in an area called Trinity Canyon , according to the Pershing County Sheriff 's Office . They were discovered from a distance by a volunteer searcher using binoculars to scan mountainsides , the sheriff 's office said . It was n't immediately clear which of the three residents made the discovery . All six were in stable condition with "  no frostbite , just some exposure issues , " said Patty Bianchi , CEO of Pershing General Hospital . The family consists of a man and woman who have two children together ; the woman also was traveling with her nephew and niece , the sheriff 's office said . The adults "  did a fabulous job keeping them warm , " Bianchi said , referring to the children . Dr. Doug Vacek said all six were doing "  very well , " but he had no timetable for their release . "  They just expressed that they 're really happy and they 're going to enjoy this Christmas " more than usual , he told reporters . Their Jeep softly rolled onto one side while on a dirt road , went down an embankment and landed in a crevice about 15 miles from Lovelock , said Sheila Reitz of the Pershing County Sheriff 's Office . It was upside down when rescuers arrived . Chris Montes , another of the rescuers , told CNN on Tuesday night that "  obviously they knew what to do . They kept those kids safe 48 hours in subzero temperatures . " The group apparently ran out of food on Monday , he said . The children , ages 3 to 10 , Montes said , "  did not seem too bothered . They were in good spirits . They just figured they were camping . " Joining Montes in finding the family was Paredes and his fiancee , who will marry this weekend . Survival expert Joseph Teti said the adults "  made all the right decisions . " It 's the little decisions that add up to an enhanced chance for survival in brutal conditions , he said : Staying near the vehicle , telling people where you are traveling and refusing to panic . "  Mother Nature will not allow you to make too many mistakes at all , " said Teti , co-star of Discovery Channel 's "  Dual Survival . " The discovery came about midday Tuesday as more than 200 people scoured a vast frozen range of Nevada spanning 6,000 square miles . Officials remained undaunted despite the fact they no longer received pings off the cell phone of the missing persons , Reitz said . On Monday , authorities had been encouraged when they were able to receive a couple of pings from the phone of James Glanton , 34 , officials said . Cell service is spotty because the area is so remote . Also rescued were Glanton 's girlfriend , Christina McIntee , 25 , along with their two children -- Evan and Chloe -- and McIntee 's niece and nephew . They all set out to play in the snow in the Seven Troughs mountain range Sunday . A massive search for them involved vehicles , planes and helicopters , Reitz said . The Civil Air Patrol , an auxiliary of the U.S. Air Force , said its cell phone forensics experts "  played a critical role in helping rescuers narrow the search area , " according to a statement by the patrol . "  The cell phone forensics team pinpointed where they could not possibly be , " Nevada Wing Commander Col. Tim Hahn said in a statement . The forensic efforts "  were very time-consuming , " he said . "  This morning they provided a key clue that redirected the search and led to the rescue , " Hahn said . One of the CAP crews spotted the family 's silver 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee about the same time that the searcher with binoculars found the lost group , the patrol said . The Air Force Rescue Coordination Center will award the Nevada Wing with six saves , Hahn said . The children 's ages are 10 , 4 , 4 and 3 , the patrol said . Amanda Fitzpatrick , mother of 10-year-old Shelby Fitzpatrick , one of the missing children , joined the search in the bitter cold . "  It 's been extremely hard , probably the hardest 24 to 36 hours of my life , " she earlier told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  It 's my baby girl . " The family 's disappearance was among the most dramatic developments in the Arctic-like weather shocking much of the Lower 48 states . Big flakes of wet snow and ice snarled travel across the country Tuesday and hit major airline hubs in the Northeast , with about 1,200 flight cancellations reported by Tuesday evening . Temperatures in storm-stricken parts of the country are expected to stay about 10 to 20 degrees below normal for the rest of the week , the National Weather Service said . CNN 's Ralph Ellis , Holly Yan , Miguel Marquez , Carma Hassan , Sarah Aarthun , Chuck Conder , Shane Deitert , Stephanie Elam , Randi Kaye , Chuck Johnston , Judson Jones and Casey Wian contributed to this report .	Rescuer describes finding the family to CNN Family warms rocks by fire and puts them in overturned Jeep They are stable with "  no frostbite , just some exposure issues , " hospital says The two adults "  did a fabulous job keeping  the kids  warm , " hospital CEO adds
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- It was just before 8am on March 11 , 2004 and I was making breakfast at home , listening to Spain 's leading radio network . Suddenly there was a report of explosions at the Atocha train station downtown . The terrifying damage , we would later learn , had occurred about 20 minutes earlier : coordinated bomb explosions on four rush-hour trains that would leave 191 people dead and more than 1,800 wounded . But those initial hours were filled with confusion . I called CNN 's main news desk in Atlanta -- it was just before 2am there -- and said that a major tragedy appeared to be unfolding in Madrid . Soon after I was on air , and very quickly our camera crew was outside Atocha station , close to my home . Across town , in a neighborhood by the Santa Eugenia station -- where one of the trains exploded -- nine-year-old Vera de Benito watched her mother behaving as never before . Her father , a telephone installer , had boarded a train for Atocha station that day . He never returned home . "  The first image was my mother , hysterical , trying to call on the phone . I imagine she was trying to locate my father , " says De Benito , who 's now 19 and studying journalism . "  I miss him so much . He 's the first person I think of in the morning and the last person I think of at night . " The Madrid train bombings were the deadliest terror attack in western Europe since the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland in 1988 which killed 270 people . The terrorists in Madrid , the authorities later determined , carried bombs in sports bags and backpacks onto four commuter trains serving the east of the Spanish capital . And then they got off , leaving their deadly devices to explode onboard . De Benito says that she always tried to think of her father and look to the future when she was growing up . "  I 'd rather focus on him being proud , seeing me achieve my goals , " she says . "  That 's why I am always setting higher targets . " She 's already an intern in the newsroom of SER radio , the same station I was listening to on that fateful morning . The attacks proved highly political in Spain . General elections had already been scheduled for just three days later and , in a surprise result , the ruling conservatives lost to the opposition socialists . The Spanish courts later convicted 14 Islamic militants for their roles in the bombings , along with four Spaniards for trafficking in explosives used in the attacks . A further seven key Islamic suspects blew themselves up three weeks after the train attacks as police closed in on their hideout in a Madrid suburb . Initial theories that the Basque terrorist group ETA had carried out the attack were later discredited by the police and international terrorism experts who blamed Islamic militants . But the alleged ETA role in the bombings has become an ongoing conspiracy theory still heard in some quarters in Spain , adding to the polarization seen on the anniversaries of the attacks . This week the main victim groups are expected to take part at the same event for the first time in years . In the past political differences have sometimes divided the organizations -- but they will unite for a Roman Catholic mass at Almudena Cathedral , to be attended by King Juan Carlos and prime minister Mariano Rajoy . As usual the victim groups will also observe their own , separate commemorations . Vera de Benito did n't ride public transportation for years after her father 's death -- until she got fed up . "  Why is a terrorist group going to keep me from riding a train , after they 've already taken away a fundamental pillar of my life ? " she asks . "  All the bad things already happened to me . Nothing worse could occur . And if it does , I will get through it , " she added . "  I have to look happily toward the future , because if not , I 'd go crazy . "	On March 11 , 2004 , bombs on four trains in Madrid left hundreds dead and wounded The attacks took place near the home of CNN 's Al Goodman , who recalls the incident Father of Vera de Benito , aged nine at the time , had boarded one of the ill-fated trains This week the main victim groups are expected to unite at a mass for the first time in years
CNN  -- The agreement reached by President Obama and Congress to reopen the government and avoid default was a punt , a punt that traveled 15 yards . It was n't a budget agreement because nothing in it addressed any budgetary issues , nor was it a spending agreement , because spending continues at its current pace . It was a process agreement that saved the day , although the same fights that led to this crisis have been merely rescheduled . Another government shutdown is looming on January 16 and the nation will hit its debt limit on February 7 . As far as government work goes , it 's about the best we can expect . And that 's the problem : The failure of our government to work properly , thanks to the weak leadership and ideological , re-distributionist preferences of President Obama combined with a deeply divided Republican caucus , means we 're likely to go through the same saga again . It 's also a reflection of how massive the nation 's debt problem is and how difficult it will be to reduce it . Here 's what has gone wrong . Let 's start with the tea party . The tea party has been blamed more than any other group for the standoff of the past month . Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , and dozens of House Republicans have taken the brunt of the blame as the image of the Republican Party has hit record lows . The tea party 's dedication to repealing Obamacare and shrinking the size of government , as opposed to simply slowing the rate of growth , is admirable and desirable . Those goals unite the Republican Party . But tea party objectives will not be achieved if it does n't change tactics . Under our Constitution , massive overnight change is impossible unless you win elections . If the tea party wants results , it needs to elect candidates who can win and deliver votes in the House and Senate . In many ways , the tea party 's fight is not with President Obama or with Speaker John Boehner . It 's with James Madison . The tea party ca n't be President Obama 's check and balance without realizing that under our Constitution the President also gets to be the tea party 's check and balance . The fundamental error Republicans made in this fight was overreach . In trying to repeal Obamacare , Cruz and the tea party led Republicans into a fight that could not be won because they did not have the votes to win it . It 's that simple . Instead , this fight unrealistically raised the hopes of the GOP base for an effort that never had a chance . Ultimately , legislation like keeping the government open or increasing the debt limit must pass , but that does n't mean anything can be attached to it . Republicans turned a must-pass goal into a will fail effort . The tea party rebuttal ? That type of practical approach is why Washington is a mess to begin with . They say they do n't care about the politics , they ardently are trying to save the nation . Fair points . But the nation wo n't be saved if they ca n't muster the votes to save it . As for President Obama , if he wanted to achieve a fundamental grand bargain with Republicans , he would have done so in 2011 when an agreement with Republicans was in sight . He talks like a centrist willing to break with liberal economic ideology , but from the stimulus to Obamacare to his push for tax increases , he has no record of governing like one . Instead , he is driven to redistribute things , whether it 's income , wealth or in the case of Obamacare , health insurance . He views the role of government as taking things of value from one citizen so they can be given to another . He promised that if you liked your health insurance you could keep it . Of course it 's not as simple as that , as people are now realizing . For example , some companies may be dumping part or all their health coverage as Obamacare comes online , leaving employees to pay higher premiums and in some cases getting less coverage on the exchanges , according to a National Journal analysis . Obama says the debt is a "  long-term " problem , ignoring that it has grown from $ 10.6 trillion to nearly $ 17 trillion on his watch . He refuses to make any fundamental changes to Obamacare but he insists that Republicans agree to additional tax increases . Throughout the recent impasse , he refused to negotiate . His poll numbers are around the worst levels of his presidency . The Real Clear Politics average shows more than half the country disapproves of the way he is handling his job . He is an unpopular president . The tea party gets stuck with the extremist label , but for many , it 's Obama 's policies that are extreme . Unless the just completed battle has exhausted both sides and they suddenly see merit in compromise and negotiation , January will be a repeat of October . In that case , the only issue left is which party do the voters kick out when they realize the only thing elected officials know how to do is punt ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ari Fleischer .	Ari Fleischer : Shutdown deal reached by Obama , Congress was a punt that went 15 yards He says it 'll likely happen again in January . Tea party 's goals admirable , tactics must change He says tea party must realize : To win , it needs votes . That 's why it lost shutdown battle Fleischer : Obama has also overreached -- with Obamacare , call for tax hike
Danielle Holley-Walker is a professor at the University of South Carolina School of Law and is actively supporting the campaign of Sen. Barack Obama . Danielle Holley-Walker : Media 's features on African-American women voters are missing the point . CNN  -- You ca n't turn on a 24-hour news channel or your nightly news this week without seeing a feature on African-American women voters . It makes sense , being that the South Carolina Democratic primary is only one day away and African-American women will make up approximately one-third of the voters . The angle in these news features is virtually identical . The commentators wonder and marvel at the extraordinarily difficult choice for African-American women in this primary -- will we vote for the woman candidate or the African-American candidate ? Reporters have been busying themselves traveling to crowded beauty shops all over the state to answer this question . The funniest , or perhaps most disturbing , thing about these stories is how far they are from my reality . I am an African-American woman living in South Carolina . I have African-American women family members and friends who live in this state . I actually visit beauty shops to get my hair done . Never once have I heard a single woman I know frame the choice about whom to vote for as a question of gender or racial politics . So what are African-American women talking about when the cameras are n't watching or , more importantly , what are we telling the media that is not being fairly reported ? African-American women are talking about the issues ! We talk about the vision that each candidate has for leading this country . We enthusiastically discuss the possibility that real , positive change will come from this election . We even parse the policy distinctions in the candidates ' positions on education , creating jobs and ending the war in Iraq . Sometimes , the issues we talk about do deal with aspects of gender and racial identity . We debated Sen. Hillary Clinton 's statement implying that Martin Luther King 's civil rights movement did not fulfill its promise until Lyndon Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act . We argue and marvel at the significant generational divide in the African-American community that is being exposed by this election process . If you listen closely to the women in the news features at the beauty shops , they are commenting on these issues , even when the voice-over in the same feature is telling you that the women are discussing whether it 's more important to have the first woman or the first black president . Why is the media determined to make us choose ? Why do they insist that we declare our loyalty to either women or to African-Americans ? This is a truly false dichotomy in that we are the living , breathing embodiment of both identities . Asking us to prefer our gender over our race  or vice versa  is the equivalent of asking us to prefer one vital organ over another . That is not to say that identity politics are completely irrelevant in this election . African-American women are expressing their pride in both candidates and in the progress this country has made that allows a white woman and an African-American man to be strong contenders for the presidency . My mother is uplifted by the idea that Obama 's candidacy means that her two grandsons will grow up being able to realistically dream about being president . On Saturday , we will carry this pride into the voting booth with us , but when we cast our votes , we will be thinking about the serious issues facing this country . That 's the truth , and do n't let the media tell you otherwise . E-mail to a friend	Holley-Walker : Race-or-gender choice is driven by media , not reality She writes that African-American women are talking about the issues African-American women expressing their pride in both candidates , she adds
CNN  -- Nigeria 's president has backed down on his decision to suspend the national soccer team , according to the African country 's football federation . The announcement came just before Monday 's deadline set by world governing body FIFA , which had threatened to expel Nigeria completely if the ruling was not overturned and also withhold $ 8 million due for participating at the World Cup . Nigerian leader Goodluck Jonathan was so angry with the Super Eagles ' poor performance in South Africa that he decided to suspend the national team at all levels for two years . "  The President and Commander-In-Chief of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria , Dr Goodluck Ebele Jonathan , on Monday graciously rescinded last Wednesday 's decision to withdraw Nigerian national football teams from FIFA/CAF football competitions , " the federation said in a statement . "  The decision was made known at the presidential villa on Monday evening as President Jonathan hearkened to the passionate appeals of top officials of the National Sports Commission , the Nigeria Football Federation , other concerned organs of government and well-meaning Nigerians on the matter . " Nigerian leader 's ` Obama moment ' Nine members of the NFF 's executive committee had earlier been dismissed , including president Sani Lulu and vice-president Amanze Uchegbulam , the UK Press Association reported on Monday . After hearing of Jonathan 's June 30 decision , FIFA wrote to the NFF on Friday warning it of the possible ramifications if the Monday deadline was not met . Two-time African champions Nigeria finished bottom of Group B at the World Cup after one draw and two defeats . The Super Eagles brought in former Sweden coach Lars Lagerback after finishing third at the Africa Cup of Nations in January , but he was unable to lift the team 's fortunes in matches against Argentina , Greece and South Korea .	Ban on Nigeria 's national football team is rescinded by African country 's president World governing body FIFA had given Nigeria a Monday deadline to overturn decision President Goodluck Jonathan had banned all Nigerian national teams for two years He was furious after Super Eagles ' poor showing at the World Cup in South Africa
CNN  -- This holiday season , the Colombian military is trying a unique angle to get guerrillas to lay down their arms : It is creating Christmas trees deep in the jungle in hopes the holiday spirit will tug the rebels back home . The first tree of "  Operation Christmas " was decorated in the jungle of southern Colombia , the military said . Two units in two Blackhawk helicopters dropped in on a supply path that the guerrillas are known to use and picked a 25-meter  82-foot  tree to decorate with sparkling blue lights . A commercial made by the military shows the soldiers , dressed in camouflage uniforms and face paint , wrapping 2,000 lights around the branches and trunk . The tree was rigged with a motion sensor that will turn the lights on when someone walks by . A banner next to it says , "  If Christmas can come to the jungle , you too can come home . Demobilize . At Christmas , everything is possible . " Officials hope the gesture will be enough to lure rebels away from the jungle . "  For us , the most important month is December , " Colombian military spokeswoman Marcela Duran said . "  Many make the final decision about demobilizing this month . " She says that traditionally , the holiday season sees a larger number of defections as rebels reflect on the positives and negatives of their situation . When they were recruited , many of the rebels did not know that it would mean being isolated from their families , she added . The tactic is a shift from what has been an aggressive military campaign against the rebels this year . In September , a military raid claimed the life of the No. 2 leader in a Marxist guerrilla group that has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . Victor Julio Suarez Rojas , also known as Jorge Briceno Suarez and by the nom de guerre Mono Jojoy , was the military leader for the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly called the FARC . It was one of a number of military successes for the government this year . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos , a former defense minister , was known for his tough line against the rebels , but he also has a softer side , an analyst said . During his time as defense minister , the government began using billboards and radio advertisements in areas where the rebels operate at an unprecedented level , said Adam Isacson , senior associate at the Washington Office on Latin America . Operation Christmas sounds a bit gimmicky , he said , but "  rather than trying to kill all the rank-and-file guerrillas , it 's better to try to convince them to leave . " FARC leaders tell their followers that they will be killed if they turn themselves in , but the advertisements and Christmas trees give another message , he said . Despite the military successes this year , "  the challenge is that their recruitment at the youngest levels is very easy , " Isacson said . The tree decorating is probably aimed at those young recruits . In all , 10 jungle trees throughout the country will be decorated as part of Operation Christmas . This year , 2,411 guerrillas have demobilized , including 140 during this holiday season , the military said . In 2009 , a total of 2,638 rebels laid down their arms .	"  Operation Christmas " will decorate 10 trees in the jungle The goal is to persuade rebels to demobilize by reminding them of holiday spirit The military says 140 rebels have laid down their arms this holiday season
CNN  -- With a father who is a toppled Communist leader and a mother accused of murder , the son , Bo Guagua , is now under scrutiny over reports of a lavish student lifestyle that have raised questions about where China 's top cadres find their money . Photographs of him bare-chested with his arms around female students at an Oxford college party and urinating against a college fence have gone down badly in China , where his father , Bo Xilai , has been accused of corruption and stripped of his political post . Bo Xilai reacted furiously to questions about his 24-year-old son 's lifestyle last month . "  A few people have been pouring filth on Chongqing and me and my family , " Bo said at the time . "  They even say that my son studies abroad and drives a red Ferrari . Sheer rubbish ! I feel really furious . Sheer rubbish ! " Despite the denials , rumors over his son 's allegedly flamboyant college lifestyle have added to the woes of the former Chongqing kingpin who promoted a revival of ` red culture ' and pushed efforts to bring back Maoist slogans . While Bo family friends have defended Guagua 's college record and behavior , one family associate told CNN there was little sympathy in China for what many regard as the typically spoilt offspring of the Communist Party elite . "  He  Bo Guagua  had tried to explain himself , saying the pictures showed him attending school parties which encouraged students to socialize and let their hair down , " the source said . "  One picture showed him with an unbuttoned shirt and his arms around foreign students . He said it was quite normal there , but no one in China would buy that . Here 90 % of people do not get the cultural differences . " The source added that the images had not played well in China , where Guagua 's antics have been grist for the country 's gossip-hungry microblogs . "  Many Chinese admire and support Bo Xilai , but few like Bo Guagua , " the source said . What does Bo scandal mean for China ? A fellow student at the Harvard Kennedy School -- where the cost for the average international student the school puts at $ 71,000 a year -- told CNN that Bo skirted attendance requirements at the college , making his first appearance at one seminar class on its final day when he was scheduled to make a presentation . "  Let me tell you how we 've been going about this all year , " the seminar 's instructor said to Bo , explaining the class 's protocols since he had not attended previous classes , the student recounted . "  He more than anyone else that I know really pushed it to the boundaries , " the student said . "  Not attending seminars , not getting any feedback . " The student described Bo 's presentation as "  slapdash and put together at the last moment . " The seminar 's instructor declined to comment , citing student privacy policies . Bo was one of 21 students awarded a research grant from the school 's Ash Center for Democratic Governance and Innovation for the current academic year . A school spokesman declined to say how many students competed for the grant which is awarded on "  the quality of the proposal , the research focus , and travel requirements . " Harvard Kennedy School spokesman Doug Gavel said he could not comment on specific students , citing privacy concerns . The family friend told CNN that reports about Bo 's lackluster university record and rich-kid lifestyle were "  one-sided and a bit unfair " . "  He may have committed indiscretions in public , but he is not the spoiled brat who thinks of nothing but a good time , " the source said . "  Let 's remember that he had done some fund-raising for the victims of the Sichuan earthquake in 2008 . The same year , he promoted the Beijing Olympics in his school . " Pei : The paranoid style in Chinese politics The family friend said Bo Guagua had been a smart and thoughtful child . "  He learned calligraphy at a very young age and was a good writer in Chinese and English , " the source said . "  He published his writings in a paperback in 2005 when he was still in his late teens . " The family friend told CNN that far from receiving miserable grades , Bo Guagua 's performance at Oxford had been creditable , receiving a 2:1 grade . "  It 's probably equivalent to an A minus which by Oxford standards is pretty good ; and to the think he was handicapped by the problems of adjusting to a very different place and culture . He was in his early teens when he moved overseas to study , " the source said . While there has been speculation that Bo Guagua may seek asylum in the U.S. in the light of his parents ' problems , the US agency that oversees asylum requests , the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services , "  can neither confirm nor deny that someone has filed a request , " according to spokesman Chris Bentley . "  As far as we know , there 's nothing to those reports ; he remains at school at Harvard , " Mark Toner , a State Department spokesman , told a press conference in Washington last week . Bo Guagua did not respond to emailed requests for comment .	Bo Xilai 's son Bo Guagua in the spotlight over lavish student lifestyle Questions have been raised over where China 's top cadres find their money Bo Xilai once championed revival of ` red culture ' and pushed efforts to bring back Maoist slogans Sources say images of Bo Guagua partying have not played well in China
CNN  -- A Sudanese government force destroyed a church Monday , ignoring the wails of nearby residents , witnesses told journalists working for CNN . The attack came a day after authorities sent a letter saying they would demolish the church , priest Kuoa Shimal said . Government sources did not immediately return calls from CNN . Complaints about the predominantly Muslim country 's lack of religious freedom came under the international spotlight recently after Mariam Yehya Ibrahim , a Christian mother of two , refused to renounce her faith and was sentenced to death . After an international outcry , she was freed and reunited with her American husband . The 70-strong force Monday arrived at the Alizba slums near the capital , Khartoum , around 10 a.m. , witnesses said . Some were dressed in plain clothes . CNN visited the scene afterward , where the religious site was reduced to rubble . In April 2013 , the Sudanese minister of religious affairs announced that no licenses would be granted to allow for the building of new churches -- less than two years after the predominantly Christian South Sudan seceded to form an independent country . During a brief territorial war between Sudan and South Sudan in April 2012 , a mob of Islamist extremists attacked and destroyed a church west of Khartoum despite a police cordon around it . The threat of violence has caused Sudan 's churches to empty . At a recent Sunday service , worshipers asked CNN not to identify them by name . "  The church is now contaminated with terror . You do n't feel safe in prayer , " one Christian activist said .	Witnesses : A Sudan government force destroyed a church near the capital The government warned it would happen , a priest says Sudanese officials did not return calls from CNN Demolition follows the release of a woman who was sentenced to death for being Christian
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The death of a teenage girl in a Welsh village in an apparent copycat suicide has raised fears she may have been part of an Internet death cult already blamed for the deaths of six young men . Natasha Randall , 17 , who was found hanged in her bedroom in Blaengarw , near Bridgend , south Wales , on Thursday , was the seventh person believed to have killed themselves in the local area in the past 12 months , the UK 's Press Association reported . Police are examining Randall 's computer after the teenager posted messages on a social networking site , Bebo , prior to her death dedicated to 20-year-old Liam Clarke , who was found hanged in a Bridgend park last month . The message read : "  RIP Clarky boy !! gon na miss ya ! always remember the gd times ! love ya x. Me too ! " Messages have also been posted on Randall 's page since her death , PA said . "  RIP tash - ca n't believe you done it ! " one said . Another read : "  Heyaa Babe . Just Poppin In To Say I Let My Balloon Off With A Message On It , Hope You Got It Ok And It Made You Laugh Up There . " Five more men aged between 17 and 27 have been found hanged in the area since January 2007 . Speaking to the Daily Mail newspaper , Liam Clarke 's father , Kevin Clarke , said the seven who had killed themselves appeared to have known each other . "  We do n't know if it is some weird cult or copycat suicides or if they have had some bizarre pact to kill themselves , " Clarke said . Superintendent Tim Jones , divisional commander of Bridgend Police , said the investigation into Randall 's death would include examining her online contacts . "  There is a growing trend for young people to communicate through telephone text messaging and also over the Internet , whether it 's e-mail or within chatroom forums . This is all part of conducting a thorough investigation , " Jones said . A spokesperson for Bebo told CNN that it was committed to working closely with the authorities to provide any assistance which would help them with their inquiries into the suicides . "  The loss of any young life is always distressing . We have close relationships with our member community , law enforcement agencies , and public safety partners -- including Samaritans -- to provide support and advice for our users . We are committed to providing our members with the safest possible environment online . " Anthony Langan , a spokesman for the Samaritans support service , told CNN that links with Bebo had enabled it to reach young people via the Internet . "  Teenagers are one of the most ` at risk ' groups and increasingly use the internet to access advice from support services which they may be less inclined to seek through other routes , " Langan said . "  Suicide is an issue for society as a whole ; the internet provides a window into the issues young people are dealing with . " E-mail to a friend	17-year-old girl is seventh person to kill themselves in Welsh town of Bridgend Natasha Randall , found hanged in her bedroom , knew another suicide victim Deaths have raised fears of a Web death cult , linked via social networking site Bebo Police are examining Randall 's computer as part of inquiries into her death
CNN  -- A woman in Montana is accused of pushing her husband off a cliff after an argument . The pair had been married for just more than a week . Jordan Linn Graham made an initial appearance in court Monday to face a charge of second-degree murder . If convicted , she faces life in prison . According to a criminal complaint , Graham recently told a friend she was having second thoughts about marrying Cody L. Johnson . CNN affiliate KECI reported the couple had been married for just more than a week . The complaint said the couple argued the night of July 7 . Upset , they decided to go hiking in Glacier National Park in Flathead County , Montana , where they continued to fight . Graham told police that her husband grabbed her by the arm . She turned and removed it . "  Graham stated she could have just walked away , but due to her anger , she pushed Johnson with both hands in the back and as a result , he fell face first off the cliff , " the complaint read . His body was discovered several days later . Graham 's attorney , Michael Donahoe , declined to comment on the case . According to the complaint , Graham reportedly told a friend she planned to talk with Johnson about her reservations on July 7 . The same day , Graham sent the friend a text message saying , "  Oh well , I 'm about to talk to him . " The friend responded , "  I 'll pray for you guys . " Graham wrote back : "  But dead serious if u do n't hear from me at all again tonight , something happened . "	Jordan Linn Graham made an initial appearance in court Monday She faces up to life in prison if found guilty Graham was reportedly having second thoughts about marrying her husband
CNN  -- Guess who 's back ? Back again ? Shady 's back ! Tell a video game fan ! There has n't been new Eminem music in a while , though he did announce that he 'd have a new album out in 2013 thanks to a hat he was selling . Now comes a brand new track called "  Survival , " which will not only appear on said upcoming album but also on the soundtrack to "  Call of Duty : Ghosts , " the latest entry in the massively successful fist-person shooter franchise . See Eminem in ` How to Make Money Selling Drugs ' When we last heard Slim Shady , he was teaming up with his old pal Royce Da 5 ' 9 $  for the return of the team Bad Meets Evil , and they scored hits with "  Fast Lane " and the Bruno Mars-assisted "  Lighters . " The last time Marshall Mathers rapped solo , it was for 2010 $  s "  Recovery , " which yielded the chart-toppers "  Not Afraid " and "  Love the Way You Lie . " Bad Meets Evil , ` Hell : The Sequel ' : The EW Review of Eminem 's latest project More details about Eminem 's new album , including a release date and a single , will be forthcoming . For now , give "  Survival , " a guitar-heavy banger cut from the same cloth as "  Wo n't Back Down , " a listen . What do you think of the new Eminem song ? And does it feel good to have Slim Shady back ? Let us know in the comments . See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Eminem debuted new music since 2010 "  Survival " appears on "  Call of Duty : Ghosts " video game The rapper is said to release more music this year
CNN  -- Was Tyrannosaurus rex a predator or scavenger ? The question has been a point of controversy in the scientific community for more than a century . "  You see ` Jurassic Park , ' and you see T. rex as this massive hunter and killer , as incredibly vicious . But scientists have argued for 100 years that he was too big and too slow to hunt prey and that he was probably a scavenger , an animal that feeds only on dead things , " University of Kansas paleontologist David Burnham said . Burnham and researcher Robert DePalma got what Burnham described as his "  lucky break " when they found the fossil of a duckbill dinosaur 's tail with a tooth in it . "  The features of the tooth are like fingerprints , and we were able to identify it as T. rex , " he said . They took the fossil to be analyzed at the University of Kansas and for a CT scan at the local hospital , where the doctor told them , "  It 's too late for your patient . " But Burnham was thrilled at what the fossilized bones told him about the life of the duckbill . "  We were giddy like schoolkids , " he said . "  This now returns T. rex as a predator . So the monsters that we see in dinosaurs are real . They did go chasing after things , kill them and eat them . They actively pursued live prey . " The mystery was solved . "  Our evidence is new because we have a T. rex tooth inside a duckbill dinosaur , that bit it so hard and so viciously that the tooth broke off , the duckbill dinosaur got away , and over the next few years , the wound healed , " Burnham explained . He determined that the duckbill lived long after the attack by comparing the time it took for the bone to heal around the wound with studies done on modern animals . "  Before our evidence , everybody was looking at bite marks and tooth punctures on dinosaur bones and using that evidence for both theories of predation and scavenging . They were using the same bit of evidence to argue both sides , " Burnham said . For Burnham , the discovery brought to life the behaviors of these legendary creatures and proved the T. rex 's place in the prehistoric world . "  Here is T. rex , one of the biggest animals ever known , 5-foot-long skull , 40 feet long nose to tail and weighed 7 tons . What were these guys doing in the ecosystem ? Now we know they were the top feeders . " The full study is published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . More science news : Why geologist tasted 2.6 billion-year-old water	Some scientists have argued that dinosaur fed only on dead things Researchers say fossil of dinosaur tail with tooth in it proves otherwise Tyrannosaurus rex was among top feeders , Kansas paleontologist says
CNN  -- Legendary Ukraine striker Andriy Shevchenko called time on an 18-year soccer career back in July in order to concentrate on a new profession -- politics . But just four months after turning his back on football , Shevchenko has been offered the chance to immerse himself in the beautiful game once again , as coach of the national side . As Ukraine 's most capped player and their highest goalscorer of all time , with 56 goals in his 111 games , Shevchenko is the finest player the country has produced since gaining independence in 1991 . He won five consecutive league titles with Dynamo Kiev between 1995 and 1999 before joining Italian giants AC Milan , where he played his part in their 2003 European Champions League triumph . Shevchenko was signed for English club Chelsea by Jose Mourinho in May 2006 for a reported fee of $ 47 million but failed to make an impact in his two years at the club . After another loan spell with Milan he returned to Dynamo Kiev for three final seasons and signed off from the national team after they failed to get out of their group in Euro 2012 , which Ukraine co-hosted with neighbors Poland . Though the 36-year-old has no previous coaching experience , he is the Ukrainian Football Federation 's  FFU  first choice to take over from Oleh Blokhin , who left the post to coach Ukrainian club side Dynamo Kiev . A statement on the FFU 's official website read : "  President of the Football Federation of Ukraine Anatoliy Konkov has decided to invite Andriy Shevchenko to take the post of head coach . "  Andriy had a prominent schooling at renowned clubs such as the Dynamo Kiev , Milan and Chelsea , led by legendary coaches Valeriy Lobanovskiy , Carlo Ancelotti and Jose Mourinho . "  He had a unique ability to absorb their talent , their knowledge and their experience . "  It should be noted that at one time Andriy Shevchenko debuted in the youth national teams under the leadership of Anatoly Ridge . And today the FFU president offers Shevchenko a new debut ! " The statement quoted Konkov as saying : "  I 'm sure Shevchenko will also be able to conquer great football countries as head coach of this country . He has enough experience and character . "  The federation , in turn , will ensure to give him all the help he needs with the national team . "	Andriy Shevchenko invited to take charge as coach of Ukraine national team Former Chelsea and AC Milan star retired after an 18-year career after Euro 2012 The 36-year-old captained Ukraine 56 times and scored 56 goals in 111 games
CNN  -- In a tiny car repair shop in the Jordanian capital of Amman , one can encounter the latest efforts to solve the country 's sky high youth unemployment rate . It 's here that 23-year-old Khaleel Anwar can now fix his sights on a career after a year-long apprenticeship program . "  I learned so many things such as how to monitor a car using an electronic device , also how to fill gas the proper way using this device , " Anwar said . After years of debate on how to lift up the most vulnerable , training programs are targeting the informal economy and small businesses that need qualified workers . This is a regional challenge . Youth unemployment in the Middle East and North Africa is running above 27 % , the highest in the world . Jordan 's is slightly above that average and the government has allocated ample resources to try and reverse this trend . According to the World Bank , this equates to some 10 % of GDP for the last two decades . But the challenge is to close the gap between what happens here in the classroom and what is needed by industry . This is where Yasser Ali of the International Labour Organization  ILO  comes into the picture . For their auto academy pilot program , the ILO brought together trade unions and private sector companies to see what is needed in the labor market . "  Thinking like this can make a step forward in order to address youth unemployment but it needs involvement of all partners in this process , " Ali said . And the early results are promising . Trainer and mentor , Youssef Rahal , said he 's taught nearly 200 students with a placement rate of 89 % . "  There is a drastic change in the students , " Rahal said . "  They come to us with no skills ; they are either drop outs or only have high school degrees , they are 17 , 18 , 19 , 20-year-olds . " Countrywide endeavor It 's not just in the inner cities that are the focus of the training programs . In the rural Bedouin area of Mafraq two hours drive from Amman , there is ground breaking work taking place inside a local community center . Up to 50 women , many who have not held jobs before , are being trained to work in a textile factory that is being built nearby . "  There is strong demand because it 's a ladies environment and everything is available for us , " said Tahani Salama , a worker in the factory . "  The most important is transportation that is guaranteed . " Her colleague Ruwaida Thamri agrees . "  It has helped me to meet new people . I now know how to communicate with my manager and my colleagues . " According to the local tribal leader , Nimer Al Fawwaz , such progress has only been made possible by having a dialogue with parents to get support for women to enter the workforce -- which represents a cultural breakthrough in itself . "  We want more courses and more attention to it and focus on more production companies within this area , " Al Fawwaz said . Call it a small success story for a big problem plaguing the region .	Training programs are aiming to bring more young Jordanians into workforce Youth unemployment in Jordan is amongst highest in the world Country has worked with International Labour Organization to address issue
A Mississippi man pleaded guilty Thursday to a federal hate crime charge in connection with a group of young men and teenagers who carried out racial attacks against African-Americans in 2011 . Joseph Dominick , 21 , from Brandon , entered a guilty plea in U.S. District Court in Jackson , Mississippi , to one count of conspiracy to commit federal hate crimes . Dominick and others began in the spring of 2011 to harass and assault black people in Jackson and the surrounding area , according to the FBI . In one case , Dominick was part of a group that used a slingshot to hurl metal ball bearings at several African-Americans , a statement from the U.S. Department of Justice said . The young men also threw glass beer bottles at black people , the news release said . On June 25 , 2011 , Dominick attended a party in Puckett , about 45 minutes from Jackson , where members of the group discussed going to the Mississippi capital to find African-Americans to harass , authorities said . While seven white men went in two trucks that night to Jackson , Dominick was n't among them . James Craig Anderson , 47 , a black man , died after he was beaten and run over in the early morning hours of June 26 , 2011 . The truck was driven by Deryl Dedmon , a member of the group , prosecutors said . Anderson 's death became national news after CNN obtained and aired videotape capturing the gruesome murder as it happened . "  We hope that today 's guilty plea provides further assurance to the victim 's family and to the community that the Department of Justice will leave no stone unturned to find those responsible for these senseless racially motivated attacks , " said Assistant Attorney General Thomas E. Perez . "  Our investigation is ongoing , and we will continue to pursue those who participated in this violent conspiracy , which culminated in the tragic death of James Craig Anderson . " Four of the men who were there that night pleaded guilty to federal hate crimes in 2012 . Dedmon , John Aaron Rice and Dylan Butler , all now around age 20 , and 23-year-old William Kirk Montgomery each admitted to conspiracy and violating the 2009 federal hate-crimes law . They face sentences of up to life in prison and $ 250,000 in fines , federal prosecutors said . Dedmon also pleaded guilty to murder and hate-crime charges in a state court and was sentenced to life in prison . A fifth man , Jonathan Kyle Gaskamp , 20 , pleaded guilty in December to hate crimes related to other incidents . Town sued over ` school-to-prison pipeline ' Subway suspect charged with hate-crime murder	Group of Mississippi men attacked African-Americans , authorities say One such assault involved a slingshot , ball bearings , according to prosecutors Joseph Dominick , 21 , pleaded guilty Thursday to one charge of conspiracy
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The remaining plaintiff in the sexual battery lawsuit against John Travolta fired his lawyer , but the case could continue with another lawyer and another court , two lawyers told CNN on Thursday . Gloria Allred confirmed Thursday that the plaintiff known as John Doe # 2 has hired her to represent him and possibly file a new legal action against the actor . "  We believe that the lawsuit should be filed in another court and , therefore , the lawsuit that was on file was dismissed without prejudice , " she told CNN . "  We will be conferring with our client regarding what will happen next in this case . " Okorie Okorocha , the lawyer who initially filed the lawsuit in federal court last week , said his second client called him Thursday morning and said he was fired . He later learned Allred had been hired . The suit , which accused the actor of groping two male massage therapists at hotels in Los Angeles and Atlanta in January , is being dismissed Thursday by Okorocha . Travolta 's lawyer , Martin Singer , has called the allegations by both men "  ridiculous . " John Doe # 1 , who said that Travolta sexually harassed him at the Beverly Hills Hotel , hired Allred on Tuesday , just hours after he withdrew from Okorocha 's lawsuit . Allred said Tuesday that she and John Doe # 1 would discuss if a new lawsuit would be filed against Travolta . "  We are in the process of conferring with him regarding the next steps , which he may wish to take , " Allred said . That dismissal was "  without prejudice , which means that he is still legally entitled to file a lawsuit against John Travolta if he chooses , " Allred said . There was no immediate reaction from Travolta 's lawyer to the latest developments . John Doe # 1 withdrew from the lawsuit after it was learned Travolta was in New York , not Los Angeles , on January 16 , the day he had alleged the massage incident took place . Okorocha told CNN the date should have been January 15 , but the mistake would have hampered the chances of John Doe # 2 in court . He also said "  personality conflicts " with John Doe # 1 contributed to the decision . The lawyer insisted in a CNN interview Tuesday that he would "  mop up " in the courtroom with the allegations made by John Doe # 2 . Despite losing both clients , Okorocha told CNN Thursday that he still believes they "  absolutely have cases " against the actor . He accused Allred of stealing his clients , which she told CNN was "  completely false . " "  Mr. Okorocha 's representations are false , outrageous and defamatory , " Allred said Wednesday . "  John Doe 1 and John Doe 2 contacted my offices and neither I nor anyone in my law firm solicited either of these two clients . Both clients first called me and asked me to represent them . " Allred said after practicing law for 37 years , she does not solicit clients . "  Clients come to me , " Allred said . "  John Doe 1 and John Doe 2 called me without my having any contact with them whatsoever prior to their phone calls . " She demanded that Okorocha retract "  his false statements . " "  I value my reputation and will defend it vigorously both publicly and in court , " she said . Okorocha , reached by Wednesday afternoon , said he had a text message exchange on Tuesday with his client saying he was called by Allred . "  I get the case to national prominence and then someone who only does press conferences and sideshows , and does n't actually go to court or do trials , just steps in and says , ` I 'll take the clients , ' " Okorocha said . Okarocha predicted that Allred would quickly reach a settlement with Travolta that would include an agreement not to disclose its existence . "  I will find out what 's in that settlement and I will get my equitable share of that settlement , because I did the majority of the work to get to where we are , " he said . Okarocha said there are two more people he represents who may become plaintiffs . "  If Travolta does n't take responsibility , I 'm going to file those cases , " he said .	NEW : Gloria Allred denies recruiting plaintiffs from Okorocha NEW : "  John Doe 1 and John Doe 2 called me , " Allred says "  We believe that the lawsuit should be filed in another court , " she says Travolta 's lawyer called the charges by both men "  ridiculous "
CNN  -- Over the weekend the United States launched drone strikes in two different locations in Yemen , killing at least 15 militants as well as three civilians . At the same time , Yemeni ground forces began what have been termed "  unprecedented " operations against al Qaeda 's affiliate in Yemen , which may also involve additional U.S. drone strikes , although that is n't clear right now . The U.S. drone campaign in Yemen is very much President Obama 's war . Unlike in Pakistan , where President George W. Bush significantly ramped up the CIA drone campaign while he was in office , there was only one drone strike in Yemen during Bush 's two terms in office . During Obama 's administration , there have been 92 drone attacks , as well as a further 15 U.S. strikes using other forms of weaponry such as cruise missiles , according to a count by the New America Foundation . Indeed , Obama vastly accelerated the drone campaign in Yemen in 2011 and 2012 , just as CIA drone strikes in Pakistan began to slow . Forty-seven strikes took place in Yemen in 2012 , marking the first time the number of drone strikes in Yemen and Pakistan reached comparable levels . One reason for this acceleration in drone strikes in Yemen may have been Obama 's authorization in April 2012 of the "  signature " strikes that had been approved the previous year for use in Pakistan 's tribal regions . Such strikes do not target known militants but rather people who are displaying the behaviors of suspected militants . Such signature strikes were reportedly governed by stricter rules in Yemen than in Pakistan , though , and were given a different name : TADS , or Terrorist Attack Disruption Strikes . As of Monday , U.S. drone and air strikes have killed an estimated 753 to 965 people in Yemen , of whom the large majority were militants , but at least 81 were civilians , according to the New America Foundation study . All but six of the many hundreds of victims of the strikes were killed under the Obama administration . The drone program in Yemen began in earnest after a series of attempted terrorist attacks against the United States were traced back to al Qaeda 's Yemen-based affiliate , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . AQAP claimed responsibility for the would-be "  underwear bomb " attack on a Detroit-bound flight by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab on Christmas Day 2009 . Fortunately for the people on board Northwest Airlines Flight 253 that day , Abdulmutallab 's bomb was a dud , and he succeeded only in burning himself rather than destroying a commercial airliner . Had his bomb exploded as intended , it would have been the most devastating terrorist attack on the United States since 9/11 . Less than a year later , AQAP mailed two packages with bombs cleverly disguised inside HP LaserJet printer cartridges from a FedEx office and UPS facility in Yemen to the street addresses of two synagogues in Chicago . The toner in the printer cartridges had been replaced by the high explosive PETN . The bombs were almost impossible to detect as the explosives were odorless and the circuitry for the detonator looked like ordinary wiring . Both devices were discovered on October 29 , 2010 , before they could detonate , one in Dubai and the other at a British airport . They were discovered because of very specific information about the tracking numbers of both packages that was provided by the Saudis , who had managed to plant a spy in the ranks of AQAP . The bomb-maker believed responsible for these cleverly designed bombs is Ibrahim al-Asiri . According to a senior U.S. official , al-Asiri is proving hard to find , as he avoids any form of electronic communication and communicates only by courier . Another senior U.S. official says al-Asiri has been experimenting with bombs that can be implanted in suicide bombers using surgical techniques . Al-Asiri is the most important target in Yemen for U.S. intelligence , although senior American officials say he has also trained others in al Qaeda in advanced bomb-making , so his techniques may survive should he be killed in a drone strike . During the Obama administration , U.S. drones have killed 35 key al Qaeda militants in Yemen , including the Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who directed AQAP 's operations against the United Sates before he was killed in 2011 drone strike . Unlike in Pakistan , where political leaders have condemned the strikes , Yemeni President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi said during an interview with The Washington Post in 2012 that he personally signs off on all U.S. drone strikes in Yemen and that they hit their targets accurately , asserting , "  The drone technologically is more advanced than the human brain . " Yet some of the popular resentment toward the U.S. drone campaign that has long festered in Pakistan is beginning to emerge in Yemen . On April 23 , 2013 , the Senate Judiciary Committee held the first public hearing dedicated to the legal issues surrounding the U.S. drone campaign . One of the six who testified was Farea al-Muslimi , a young Yemeni activist who spent his high school years in the United States . Al-Muslimi told the committee that a drone strike had targeted his village of Wessab just six days earlier . "  What radicals had previously failed to achieve in my village , " al-Muslimi told the senators , "  one drone strike accomplished in an instant : There is now an intense anger and growing hatred of America . "	Suspected U.S. drone strikes hit two different locations in Yemen Peter Bergen says strikes are part of an aggressive war by U.S. against militants Estimates are that up to 950 people have been killed , including more than 80 civilians Bergen : War is focusing on bomb-maker believed to have designed devices aimed at U.S.
CNN  -- Home alone with her 3-month-old son , Sarah Dawn McKinley of Blanchard , Oklahoma , said she decided to make a stand when two men tried to break into her home on New Year 's Eve . McKinley , who had been widowed less than a week before , placed a couch in front of one door and went to the bedroom and put a bottle in her baby 's mouth before calling 911 , she said on HLN 's "  Dr. Drew " on Wednesday . A 911 operator calmly spoke with McKinley , who asked if it was permissible to shoot an intruder , officials said . "  I 've got two guns in my hand . Is it OK to shoot him if he comes in this door ? " asked McKinley , 18 . "  Well , you have to do whatever you can do to protect yourself , " dispatcher Diane Graham responded . "  I ca n't tell you that you can do that , but you do what you have to do to protect your baby . " In the end , McKinley fired a 12-gauge shotgun and killed Justin Shane Martin after he entered her residence , according to a Blanchard Police Department affidavit filed in court Wednesday . Martin was armed with a knife , authorities said . "  You have to make a choice , you or him . I chose my son over him , " McKinley told CNN Oklahoma City affiliate KWTV . First Assistant District Attorney James Walters told CNN that McKinley will not be charged because she acted in self-defense . "  A person has the right to protect themselves , their family and their property , " Walters said . As for the 911 operator 's guidance ? "  I would agree with that advice , " the prosecutor said . Graham was the first of two 911 operators to speak with McKinley . The dispatcher told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Wednesday she learned in training that she could not tell a caller to shoot someone , "  but  as a mother , I wanted her to protect her baby . " "  She did a very good job in keeping her  McKinley  calm , " Grady County Sheriff Art Kell said of Graham . "  Her job is to make sure the person on the phone is comfortable ... to give them support . " McKinley was on the phone with a second dispatcher when she pulled the trigger . McKinley 's husband died Christmas Day of cancer , Walters said . Evidence indicates Martin and Dustin Louis Stewart , 29 , may have been looking for painkillers or other drugs taken by McKinley 's ill husband , Walters said . Investigator found no such drugs , he told CNN . McKinley said she believes the men were coming after her , rather than intending to commit a robbery . According to the affidavit , the men approached McKinley 's mobile home Saturday afternoon . Martin had devised a plan to burglarize the residence , police said . Stewart told investigators he and Martin ingested hydrocodone about 30 minutes before reaching the rural home , the affidavit states . Martin "  aggressively " knocked on the doors of the home and gained entry by hitting one of them with his shoulder , police said . Stewart said "  he heard a gunshot after Martin entered the residence , " and Stewart then "  fled on foot . " McKinley said she had pushed the couch against the door to deter entry . "  When he busted in the door I saw something shimmering in his hand , " the mother told HLN . "  I thought it was a pistol at first , but it was a 12-inch hunting knife . I did n't know  that  until after I shot and killed him . " Martin , 24 , was found between the door and a couch with a knife clutched in his gloved left hand , police said . Stewart was charged with first-degree felony murder , Walters said . If during the commission of certain offenses , such as burglary , a death results , an individual can be charged in the death , the prosecutor said . Kell said Stewart is in jail , with a bond hearing scheduled for Thursday in Chickasha . CNN 's calls to police in Blanchard , about 25 miles south of downtown Oklahoma City , were not immediately returned Wednesday . Stewart 's attorney , Stephen Buzin , told CNN he will seek bond . Buzin would not comment on specifics of the case against his client . "  We will let the facts come out at trial and feel comfortable with his innocence , " the attorney said . Martin recently had approached McKinley 's home , saying he wanted to introduce himself , Walters said . The man said he worked for the owner of the property on which McKinley lived , she told HLN . McKinley , also armed with a pistol , was on the phone with authorities for 21 minutes , Walters said . "  She remained as calm as one could under the circumstances and had the forethought and called 911 , as everyone should , " he said . McKinley was asked on "  Dr. Drew " whether she regretted shooting Martin . "  No . We could have been in a whole different situation if I had n't done it , " she replied .	NEW : Mother tells "  Dr. Drew " she does not regret pulling trigger Dispatcher did a "  very good job , " sheriff says A young widow with a baby calls 911 , saying someone 's breaking into her home After checking with the dispatcher , Sarah McKinley fires , killing the intruder
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Thirty people convicted of drug and other criminal charges will be hanged on Sunday , Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency reported Saturday . A convicted Iranian drug dealer is hanged from a crane in the southern city of Shiraz in September . The 30 had their cases tried by the highest judicial authorities and were found guilty of the charges brought against them , Iran 's judiciary said in a statement . The verdicts are final , and the sentences will be carried out Sunday , according to Fars . According to Amnesty International , Iran executed 317 people last year , second only to China 's 470 . The U.S. executed 42 people in 2007 , according to Amnesty International . The Iranian judiciary 's statement said that all 30 were convicted of crimes including murder , murder in commission of a crime , disturbing public safety and security , being a public nuisance while drunk and being involved in illegal relationships -- relationships between men and women who are not married to each other . Kidnapping and using weapons while committing a crime were among the charges . The statement said that 20 of the people were convicted of drug and alcohol dealing , armed robbery and smuggling arms . The judiciary said it will provide more details later as to the crimes committed by those condemned and added that the hangings should serve as a warning to those who are contemplating committing such crimes . Others are awaiting trial , and their sentences will be carried out as soon as the verdicts are pronounced by the courts , the judiciary said . The judiciary asked the public to notify the authorities if they have any information that might lead to arrest and convictions of criminals . Iran 's government launched a campaign March 20 to increase public security and bring the crime rate down . Police cracked down on drug dealers , whom they called criminal gang members , and habitual criminals who use guns in the commission of their crime . Alleged weapons smugglers and people who break social and religious laws , including adulterers , were also targets . National television showed scenes of what were described as criminals being paraded in chains as a deterrent to others . The wave of arrests has subsided , as officials are now prosecuting the suspects and sentencing those convicted . Journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	The condemned include people convicted of drug and alcohol offenses Iran executed 317 people in 2007 , compared with 42 executions in U.S. Iran 's government announced a crackdown on crime in March
CNN  -- Meeting planner Gail Murphy heard about the travel warning to Mexico too late in the day on Monday to do anything about her plans to head to Cancun the following day . Alberto Morales wore a mask on his flight from Mexico City to Denver , Colorado , on Monday . "  I 'm in good health , " said Murphy , who is heading to the Eighth Annual Mexico Showcase and Travel Expo from her home in Shelburne , Vermont . "  I 'm a risk taker , so I 'll go anyway . " In light of the swine flu , the U.S. State Department and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention issued a warning against any non-essential travel to Mexico . The move could potentially devastate an already struggling tourism industry in the country . The World Health Organization urged countries not to restrict international travel or close borders , as such measures would not in themselves stem the outbreak . Efforts to contain the outbreak by restricting travel would be unlikely to work without "  draconian measures , " said Dr. Keiji Fukuda , the agency 's assistant director-general . But he said people who are ill should put off trips abroad , and people who fall ill after a trip should see a doctor . Mexico is the epicenter for the swine influenza virus outbreak . More than 100 deaths in Mexico are being investigated as possibly tied to the outbreak . The WHO confirmed 73 cases of swine flu Monday , but health officials in Scotland , California and Texas confirmed nine more , bringing the worldwide total to 82 . Reports of the illness in Mexico could n't have come at a worse time for the country 's tourism industry , which is already grappling with negative publicity about drug-cartel fueled violence . "  They were having a terrible time anyway with all of the problems on the border and now to be hit with this , too , " said Barbara Nassau , owner of New York-based In House Travel Solutions . She added that the outbreak has the potential to hamper travel similar to the way it was affected when bird flu hit China . iReporter Dyana Pari Nafissi works in international business development in Mexico City and said tourism in the country had already been dealt a blow by fears of violence . iReport.com : Watch Dyana discuss what 's happening in Mexico "  We 've been on a steady decline since the first U.S. travel warning about the drug cartels , " she said . "  When you look at the kids that braved -LSB- that travel warning -RSB- , and now they are back -LSB- in the U.S. -RSB- and they are sick . It 's devastating to the economy here . " Some of the confirmed cases in the United States were high school students who recently returned from a trip to Mexico . News of the outbreak did n't seem to overly concern travelers arriving Monday at Denver International Airport on a Mexicana flight from Mexico City . Two Mexicana crew members who did n't want to be named said about 60 percent of the passengers wore masks during the flight . Ernesto Vargas , a Mexican businessman , did n't wear a mask . "  I thought about carrying one with me , but the crew was n't wearing a mask . So we asked them , and it seemed quite safe . " Alberto Morales , another businessman , said he wore a mask in the Mexico City airport and on the plane . "  Yes . I have a mask , and we are using the mask . " Is he concerned ? "  Do n't worry , I am OK , " he said with a laugh . "  People are afraid about the flu , but we have many precautions and the government has a good sense for this trouble , " Morales said . Ian Jeffries , a spokesman for Expedia.com , said the company had no data as of Monday on cancellations or changes caused by fear of swine flu , but added that it was prepared to aid any of its customers that had concerns . "  Expedia is currently offering to waive Expedia-imposed change and cancel fees for hotel and air reservations originally booked to Mexico , " he said . "  We will continue to monitor the situation and modify our policy accordingly . " Several major U.S. airlines also are waiving fees for those who want to change their travel plans to Mexico . Jeffery Brown arrived at the airport in Atlanta , Georgia , on Monday after spending five days in Cancun with his wife . They saw people in surgical masks but did n't notice any widespread concern . "  My wife and I were a little concerned , but you know we have n't seen anybody sick in our resort , and we have n't seen anybody sick at the airport , " he said . "  Nobody said a word about it -LSB- at the resort -RSB- . " Mexico is n't the only country that potentially has a tourism headache on its hands . Cases of swine flu have also popped up in Canada and Spain as well as the United States and Scotland . Watch how businesses might be affected by swine flu " Steve Weakland , border security coordinator for the United States Customs and Border Protection Atlanta field office , said all of his personnel have received illness recognition training . If a traveler exhibits symptoms of the disease , CBP employees have been trained to inform the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to further investigate . "  Our guys are more the recognition aspect of it , " Weakland said . "  We would n't make any diagnosis or anything along those lines . " Teresa Roberts planned to take her mom to Akumal , Mexico , for Mother 's Day and said she was more worried about traveling to New York for business than she is about contracting swine flu south of the border . "  Just because of the number of different travelers that go through the airports in New York from all around the world , " said Roberts who flies about two or three weeks a month from her home in Atlanta , Georgia . "  I 'm not nervous about going to Mexico at all . " Many in the tourism industry appeared to be taking a wait-and-see approach . Disney Cruise Lines , which does not sail into Mexico , said it is closely monitoring the situation , as did officials for theme parks including Universal and Sea World in Orlando , Florida . Meg Barton travels several times a year to Mexico from her home in Round Rock , Texas , and also is n't overly worried . Because of her father 's recent heart surgery , she is already an avid hand washer and is always cautious about germs when abroad . "  I do n't drink a lot of water in Mexico ever , and I am really more concerned about the drug issues in Mexico than I am the swine flue , " Barton said . "  We take antibiotics and Pepto with us when we travel . " Eric Meyer of Lafayette , Colorado , flew in to Minneapolis-St . Paul with his wife and baby to visit family in Minnesota and lamented that "  It 's out there , but what can you do ? " "  Wash your hands maybe and call it good , " he added . "  Put a mask on ? -LSB- I 'm -RSB- not gon na go that far and be that guy yet . " Rochelle Yates said a client of her New York City-based Yates Travel is planning to take plenty of antiseptic products on an upcoming trip to Cancun . Most seasoned travelers know to guard against infectious disease ordinarily , Yates said . "  My clients are people who travel all over the world , and they know that you have to take precautions regardless , " Yates said . "  You have to wash your hands no matter where you are , if you are on a cruise ship , in a hotel or even in your own house . " CNN 's Chris Welch , Jim Spellman and Amy Zerba contributed to this story .	U.S. issues an advisory against non-essential travel to Mexico Tourism industry waiting to see effects of swine flu Mexico tourism already dealing with reports of violence Theme parks , cruise lines and others monitoring situation
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York City is on course to mark the fewest homicides since records have been kept , Mayor Michael Bloomberg and Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly announced Wednesday . The city is expected to fall below 500 murders in 2007 , the lowest level for any year since 1963 , when comparable information on homicides was first collected , Bloomberg said at a news conference . "  At the end of 2002 , for the first time in four decades , murders in New York City fell below 600 , and we were able to hold them below 600 for the next four years , " Bloomberg said . "  Today , with just five days of the year remaining , it appears that we have another historic achievement within our reach . " Bloomberg said decreases in major felony crimes were recorded across every crime category and in all five boroughs in 2007 , marking the seventeenth straight year in which crime has gone down . Since 2001 , overall major felony crime has decreased 26 percent citywide , according to New York Police Department statistics . Watch how the city achieved success " Declines in domestic violence-related homicides and transit crime particularly stand out , Bloomberg told reporters . Domestic violence-related murders dropped a record 36 percent this year , the mayor said . The decline coincides with an effort by NYPD that doubled visits of specially trained detectives to households where domestic violence had occurred , officials noted . Crime in the subway system in 2007 fell 13 percent below the record low numbers recorded last year , despite subway ridership that 's at an all-time high . Officials name "  Operation Impact " as the prime reason for the decline in crime . The NYPD effort focuses on problem people and places , Kelly said . It places significant numbers of uniformed officers in small areas of precincts , where crime rates are relatively high . Given the success of Operation Impact , the NYPD will assign all of this year 's Police Academy graduates to the program , Kelly said . Officials also credited an improved police and community partnership for the overall decline in crime . "  We are not the same New York that we were in 1990 , a year when more than 2,000 people were murdered , " Bloomberg said . "  We 're also not the same city we were in 2001 , when many predicted that our crime-fighting gains would soon be a point of diminishing returns . " E-mail to a friend	Murders in New York City were below 600 for five straight years , Bloomberg says NYPD : Since 2001 , overall major felony crime decreased 26 percent citywide Mayor : Domestic violence-related murders dropped a record 36 percent this year NYPD : Success due to putting significant numbers of officers in troubled precincts
CNN  -- Parma have signed AC Milan 's 18-year-old Alberto Paloschi in a co-ownership deal , the Serie B club announced on their Web site on Wednesday . Paloschi scored with his first touch when he made his debut as a Milan sub in February . Paloschi made an instant impact when he made his debut for Milan in February , scoring against Siena with his first touch as substitute . He scored twice in seven appearances last season but his prospects of regular first team football this season diminished sharply after the signings of Andrei Shevchenko and Ronaldinho . Parma were relegated from Serie A last season . . Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani has said that that Italy full-back Massimo Oddo could be leaving soon . Galliano told Gazzetta dello Sport : "  Lyon are interested in our full-back and anything is possible . " The 32-year-old former Lazio right-back is likely to lose his first team spot to new signing Gianluca Zambrotta from Barcelona . Oddo was in Italy 's World Cup winning squad in Germany in 2006 but was not chosen for the Euro 2008 finals in June . Lyon already have an Italian at left-back in Fabio Grosso , who was also a World Cup winner in 2006 .	Alberto Paloschi is moving from Milan to Parma in a co-ownership deal The 18-year-old scored with his first touch in his Milan debut in February Lyon are interested in signing Milan right-back Massimo Oddo
CNN  -- Sudan 's first multiparty elections in 24 years , which wrapped up earlier this week , fell short of international standards but should be recognized as an important step forward for the nation , observers said Saturday . "  While it is too early to offer a final overall assessment , it is apparent that the elections will fall sort of meeting international standards and Sudan 's obligations for genuine elections in many respects , " said a statement from the Carter Center , one of several groups observing the balloting . "  Nonetheless , the elections are important as a key benchmark in the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and because of the increased political and civic participation that has occurred over the last several months . Ultimately , the success of the elections will depend on whether Sudanese leaders take action to promote lasting democratic transformation . " The European Union Election Observation Mission criticized the election for showing "  significant deficiencies against international standards " but said the vote paves the way for democratic progress . Counting of ballots began Friday in Sudan , nearly a week after voting began . Sudan 's election commission extended the vote for two days past the original Tuesday deadline after observers complained of technical problems , including ballots being sent to the wrong polling stations and registers that were missing voters ' names . The voting -- for president , parliament and other local positions -- was scrutinized by about 750 international and 18,000 domestic observers . Opposition parties accused the ruling National Congress Party of fraud , prompting some parties to partially or fully withdraw from the vote . One of those parties was the SPLM , or Sudanese People 's Liberation Movement . In a statement Saturday , the party said that despite his withdrawal , SPLM presidential candidate Yasir Saeed Arman held a healthy lead in southern Sudan . Arman withdrew from the presidential race last month , and the party decided to boycott elections in northern Sudan . In the north of the county , Arman "  predictably did not do well in a race he was never part of , " the SPLM said in the statement . "  The election days were mostly calm , orderly and peaceful , within a well-maintained security environment , " the EU observation mission said in a Saturday statement . "  The Sudanese people are to be congratulated on the patience and forbearance shown by their considerable voter turnout despite the challenges encountered during the polling days . " The U.S.-based Carter Center echoed those comments , but noted , "  notwithstanding these generally positive features , Carter Center observers noted important flaws . " The voter registration process faced "  critical shortcomings , " the center said , and resulted in "  broad but uneven " participation across the country . It noted that preliminary lists were not posted for public review , especially in southern Sudan , and "  the status of the final voter registry and list of polling stations remained uncertain . " In addition , "  on election day , voters faced a range of operational and logistical problems : late delivery of and/or inadequate materials , incomplete or inaccurate voters ' lists , incorrect or insufficient ballots , ballots with inappropriate languages and a lack of consistency in procedures , " the Carter Center said . The two-day extension in voting helped partially alleviate some of those concerns , it said . The balloting was absent safeguards and transparency necessary to "  verify key steps and build confidence and trust in the process , " according to the statement . "  Our observers reported problems with ink , ballot box seals , and the process of identifying voters . " There were also reports of underage voters casting ballots , the center said . The election was a key part of a 2005 peace deal , the Comprehensive Peace Agreement , that helped end decades of civil war between the country 's north and south . The conflict pitted Christian and Animist southerners against Muslim northerners , leaving more than 2 million people dead . The peace deal also called for a referendum next year to determine whether the south should become an independent nation . "  The elections in the South experienced a high incidence of intimidation and the threat or use of force , " the Carter Center said . "  There were numerous instances of the Sudan Peoples ' Liberation Army intimidating voters and being stationed too close to polling stations . State interference in the campaigns of opposition candidates was widespread in the South . " However , the EU mission said , the elections showed progress on gender equality , "  as a minimum of 25 percent of all legislative seats will be occupied by women . " "  This election saw the development of the capacity of civil society : hundreds of groups , encompassing thousands of individual citizens , displayed high levels of commitment and engaged in election observation for many days , " the EU statement said . "  This extensive involvement by Sudanese civil society who showed great commitment , particularly in domestic observation , contributed to the transparency of the electoral process . " Election results are expected next week , observers have said .	Carter Center : "  It is apparent that the elections will fall sort of meeting international standards " EU agency monitoring elections said vote paves way for democratic progress Counting of ballots began Friday in Sudan , nearly a week after voting began Opposition parties accused the ruling National Congress Party of fraud
CNN  -- I 've long been haunted by a chilling statistic from an old study : 54 % of women 18 to 25 said they would rather be hit by a truck than be fat . When I read it , I was aghast . Who , I wondered , were the women who would choose blood and broken bones over some extra body weight ? Turns out they are my friends -- and maybe yours . And , perhaps , a few men  more on that later  . "  How fast is the truck going ? " my friend Lisa asked . "  How fat would I have to be ? " "  Does it run over my lower half or upper half ? " Naomi mused . "  Oh , also , " she said , chewing on a Japanese noodle as we chatted over dinner , "  you might have to get your jaw wired shut and then you 'd definitely lose weight . " But women do n't need to wade into traffic to suffer for beauty ; these horrific would-you-rather games are closer to reality than we might think . Many of us endure pain in the service of beauty every single day . We rip off our hair with hot wax , jam our soft skin into modern-day corsets , and burn our scalps with dyes . We ask doctors to suck out the fat in our thighs , pump Botox into our faces and inflate our breasts with silicon . We smush our feet into unholy angles in skyscraper heels , and as medical professionals have said yet again , those fabulous Louboutins cause everything from muscle strains and ligament tears to stress fractures . Are n't we beyond this ? Have n't we come a long way , baby ? You would think that the End of Men might also herald the end of the Brazilian . Hardly . According to the American Society for Plastic Surgeons , nearly 15 million cosmetic surgery procedures were done last year , a 5 % bump for the industry . Botox and facelifts saw the biggest increases . The founder of Spanx recently became the world 's youngest female self-made billionaire , to the tune of $ 250 million in annual sales . At a moment when girls and women have never been more empowered , they are in thrall to ever more ruthless standards of beauty . This is likely not a coincidence . In her 1991 bombshell book , "  The Beauty Myth , " a young Rhodes Scholar named Naomi Wolf observed that as the women 's movement powers up , the beauty industry clamps down on our self-esteem . Unprecedented billions of marketing dollars have been unleashed to promote beauty as essential to female confidence . Yet beauty is defined in such a way as to be inaccessible to all but an elite few . Still , we buy into it . As our paychecks increase , so does our beauty spending -- and suffering . Is the price of freedom an actual pound of flesh ? Not just freedom , as it turns out , but success . Beauty pays off -- literally . Cornell professor Michael Lynn has found that attractive waitresses make better tips . Daniel Hamermesh , an economist at the University of Texas at Austin , studies pulchronomics , or the economics of beauty . In his book , "  Beauty Pays : Why Attractive People Are More Successful , " he reports that attractive women are more likely to land a wealthy spouse , and that attractive American workers will earn $ 230,000 more in their lifetimes than their less fetching colleagues . Unattractive women are less likely to work at all than their attractive peers , a phenomenon that does not show up in men . Hamermesh goes so far as to propose legal protection for "  ugly " people through an extension of the Americans With Disabilities Act . By this logic , is the nearly $ 4,000 a woman will spend on mascara in her lifetime a kind of perverse retirement investment ? Apparently we women have to spend money to make money , though perhaps not in the way we anticipated . Lest the guys think this is yet another unfortunate burden for women to shoulder , think again . Men are showing up in the crosshairs of beauty marketers and under the knives of surgeons . Last year , fewer women had breast enlargements , but "  moobs " -- that 's man boobs -- clearly caused an unprecedented amount of anxiety . More than 21,000 breast reductions were performed on men , an increase of 5 % . And in Hamermesh 's work , men 's salaries were docked more for unattractiveness than women 's . My friend Lisa ca n't stop thinking about getting hit by the truck . "  The thing is , " she told me , "  if I got run over it would n't be my fault , but being fat is something other people can blame me for . " That 's precisely what beauty marketers want us to think : If we cripple our feet in heels , buy the Spanx , and go under the knife , hey , at least we tried . I ca n't help but wonder who we are trying for , and if the extra cash is worth it . The beauty industry is driving that truck , and it 's going to hit us no matter what . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rachel Simmons .	Rachel Simmons : Even though high-heeled shoes are bad for our feet , women still wear them Simmons : You would think that the End of Men might also herald the end of the Brazilian She says there 's a reason why women suffer for beauty and pay to be more beautiful Simmons : It 's because attractive people are more likely to be successful and earn more
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Smoking cessation programs make up $ 75 million of the economic stimulus bill making its way through the Senate , according to Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , who sponsored the funding . Sen. Tom Harkin 's office says smoking causes $ 110 billion in health costs each year . Harkin said the programs were an attempt to bolster the economy by lowering the soaring health-care costs smoking causes each year . The money will be used to bolster existing anti-smoking campaigns run by the Department of Health and Human Services and to buy new equipment at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , which tests the contents of cigarettes . Harkin 's office cited figures that smoking is the leading cause of preventable deaths and causes $ 110 billion in heath costs every year . Harkin believes prevention will go a long way to boosting the health of Americans while boosting health of the American economy . Watch Harkin describe how anti-smoking programs help economy " The U.S. House on Wednesday evening passed the $ 819 billion economic stimulus package on a party-line vote , despite President Barack Obama 's efforts to achieve bipartisan support for the bill , CNNMoney.com reports . The final vote was 244 to 188 . No Republicans voted for the bill , while 11 Democrats voted against it . The Senate is likely to take up the bill next week .	$ 75 million would go toward smoking cessation programs , says Sen. Tom Harkin Programs are effort to bolster economy by lowering soaring health-care costs U.S. House passes $ 819 billion economic stimulus package
CNN  -- Aaron Paul is still upset that Toys R Us pulled "  Breaking Bad " action figures from its stores and noted that a petition to keep the figures has gained signers . "  Dear @ToysRUs , We have close to 30,000 signed on the petition , that is 3 times the amount that caused you to remove the toys . Talk to me . Ap , " he tweeted . Paul played Jesse Pinkman , the assistant to Bryan Cranston 's meth-dealing Walter White , on the hit AMC show . The toy store chain decided to pull the action figures thanks in part to an online petition that urged the store to stop selling them at their stores and online . The petition , issued by Susan Schrivjer of Fort Myers , Florida , received more than 9,000 signatures . Using the name Susan Myers on Change.org , Schrivjer noted the store 's "  selection of toys for children of all ages . " However , she added , "  their decision to sell a Breaking Bad doll , complete with a detachable sack of cash and a bag of meth , alongside children 's toys is a dangerous deviation from their family friendly values . " On Wednesday , Toys R Us gave in . "  Let 's just say , the action figures have taken an ` indefinite sabbatical , ' " the company said in a statement . Mother wants ` Breaking Bad ' action figures removed from Toys R Us But that was n't what Daniel Pickett of Manhattan Beach , California , wanted to hear . He 's the one who started the Change.org petition in favor of keeping the toys . "  Toys R Us ' decision to sell a line of Breaking Bad ACTION FIGURES , complete with a detachable sack of cash and a bag of meth , in an aisle designated for adult collectors , featuring properties of a more mature nature that might appeal to older collectors , and away from the other ` kid ' toys , shows that TRU understands there is more than one group of collectors that regularly come through their doors each day , " he wrote . Paul started poking at Toys R Us in tweets starting Thursday afternoon . "  Wait , so @ToysRUs pulled all of the Breaking Bad figures from their shelves and still sells Barbie ? Hmmmm ... I wonder what is more damaging ? " wrote Paul . He then posted another , more pointed , tweet . "  And what about all of the violent video games you sell @ToysRUs ? Do you still sell those ? Florida mom really messed it up for everyone , " he wrote . Cranston took a more light-hearted approach . " ` Florida mom petitions against Toys ' R Us over Breaking Bad action figures . ' I 'm so mad , I 'm burning my Florida Mom action figure in protest , " he initially tweeted . Cranston cracked wise again Wednesday after Toys R Us put out its statement . "  Toys R Us puts Breaking Bad toys on ` indefinite sabbatical . ' Word on the street is that they were sent to Belize . Nicely played Florida Mom , " he tweeted . Ironically , Schrivjer told CNN affiliate WFTX of Fort Myers that she likes "  Breaking Bad , " the show . But seeing the action figures at Toys R Us was just too much . "  Kids mimic their action figures , if you will , " she told the station . "  Do you want your child in an orange jumpsuit ? "	Aaron Paul is upset about Toys R Us pulling "  Breaking Bad " action figures Toys R Us said figures "  have taken an ` indefinite sabbatical ' " Florida mother started petition to get figures pulled
CNN  -- When most people think of Miami , they think of South Beach , with its glorious sands , glamorous people and gorgeous Art Deco buildings . In the 1920s and 30s Art Deco was the style of choice for the developers intent on turning Miami into a tourist hot spot and the Art Deco Historic District includes hundreds of examples of the style . Take a tour of the Art Deco historic District . The Art Deco Welcome Center  1001 Ocean Drive  is a good place to start , and no tour of the area would be complete without seeing the Marlin , Delano , National and Kent hotels in Collins Avenue , and the Crescent , Colony and Waldorf Towers hotels on Ocean Drive . Once you 're done with the Deco , stroll among the boutiques and cafes of Lincoln Road , Washington Avenue and Ocean Drive . For a dash of Latin flavor , head to Little Havana . Wandering along Calle Ocho , soaking up the sights and sounds , you could almost believe you 're in Cuba . Drinking a syrupy "  cafecito " bought from a walk-up window will help you suspend your disbelief . Eccentric Coconut Grove is home to the Vizcaya Museum and Gardens  3251 S Miami Avenue  . This beautiful building was created in the style of a 16th-century Italian villa by industrialist James Deering in 1916 . The 30-acre gardens include Florentine gazebos and a waterfront terrazzo that looks like it 's been towed straight from Venice . Inside , you 'll find Deering 's extensive collection of Italian art and antiques . What are your Miami must-see sights ? The Coral Gables neighborhood is known as "  The City Beautiful " and has a wonderfully Mediterranean feel . Gawp at the opulent villas that abound and then make your way to the most lavish of them all , the Biltmore Hotel  1200 Anastasia Avenue  . This palatial construction was built in 1926 , modeled on the Giralda bell tower in Seville , and beautifully captures the architecture of southern Spain . While you 're in The City Beautiful , take a dip in the Venetian Pool  2701 De Soto Boulevard  . The ornate pool was transformed from a rock quarry in 1923 , and includes decorative canals , fountains , waterfalls and coral caves , while palm trees and porticos provide some welcome shade . In recent years , Miami has become something of a center for contemporary art . Sample the scene in Wynwood , an up-and-coming district that houses the Rubell Family Collection  95 NW 29th Street  and the Margulies Collection  591 NW 27th Street  . In Downtown Miami , the Miami Art Museum  101 W Flagler Street  has an extensive collection of postwar art and some far out conceptual pieces . The Design District is , as the name suggests , a hotbed of art and design . The Moore Space  4040 NE 2nd Avenue  is a vast gallery that showcases cutting edge art , while the faade of the Living Room Building  4000 Miami Avenue  includes an open-air recreation of a gigantic living room . Sitting on its oversized couch is a photo-opportunity not to be missed . ... . Miami City Guide : Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop Do you agree with our Miami picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best	Learn more about South Beach Deco at the Art Deco Welcome Center Take a stroll in Little Havana and soak up the atmosphere of old Cuba Spend an afternoon at the opulent Vizcaya Museum and Gardens Wynwood is an up-and-coming area with some great modern art spaces
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- George Zimmerman apologized Friday to the family of Trayvon Martin , the unarmed African-American teen that he shot in a confrontation that riveted a nation and sparked intense discussions about race , racial profiling and gun laws . Zimmerman spoke moments before a Florida judge set a $ 150,000 bond that will let him get out of jail while he awaits trial . "  I wanted to say I am sorry for the loss of your son , " Zimmerman said in an unusual appeal directly to Martin 's family before he testified in the Seminole County Courthouse in Sanford . "  I thought he was a little bit younger than I was , and I did not know if he was armed or not . " Zimmerman 's attorney , Mark O'Mara , said after the hearing that his client was responding to an interview in which Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton , said she wanted to hear from the man who shot her son . "  He did n't want to defend himself , he did n't want to discuss the facts of the case . He heard the request of the family , and he wanted to respond to it , " O'Mara said , adding that an attempt to apologize to the family in private was rebuffed . Attorneys for Martin 's family , however , called the apology a self-serving act by a man facing a life prison sentence if convicted of the second-degree murder charge against him . "  This was the most disingenuous , insulting thing I 've ever seen , " said Martin family attorney Natalie Jackson . Martin 's parents were "  completely devastated " over the decision to allow Zimmerman to post bond and eventually go free , attorney Benjamin Crump said . Prosecutors had asked that Zimmerman remain in jail without bond or that Judge Kenneth R. Lester Jr. set bond at $ 1 million -- an amount O'Mara said the family would be unable to handle . Assistant State Attorney Bernie de la Rionda said Zimmerman 's prior run-ins with a police officer and a woman who named him in a domestic violence injunction show that he is violent and a threat to the community . Lester , however , described the incidents as "  run of the mill " and "  somewhat mild " in approving O'Mara 's request for bond . With the 10 % cash payment customarily made to secure bond , Zimmerman could be freed with $ 15,000 from his family , attorneys said . He will likely remain in jail for at least a couple of days while his attorneys and authorities work out terms of his release , which also include electronic monitoring and other restrictions , O'Mara said . The judge told O'Mara to talk to authorities about his request to allow Zimmerman to leave Florida while awaiting trial . O'Mara said he is concerned about threats to Zimmerman 's safety , as well as that of his family . De la Rionda said no decision has been made on whether to allow Zimmerman to leave the state . The decision to grant Zimmerman bond followed a hearing in which his wife and parents testified that he was a caring , nonviolent man . "  I know that he is very protective of people , very protective of homeless people and also of children , " Gladys Zimmerman testified by telephone . She said her son helped organize a campaign to "  get justice " for a homeless man who had been beaten in Sanford , where he lived and where the shooting of Martin took place . He also ventured into a dangerous Orlando neighborhood twice a week to mentor a 14-year-old African-American boy , his mother said . She testified that she begged him not to go because of the danger . "  He said , ` Mom , if I do n't go , they do n't have nobody , ' " she said . HLN : Zimmerman wife talks publicly for the first time Zimmerman 's father , Robert Zimmerman Sr. , testified that his son is not a violent man despite previous incidents discussed by de la Rionda during the hearing , including a scuffle with a police officer and a dispute with a woman . "  I 've never known him to be violent at all unless he was provoked , and then he would turn the other cheek , " Robert Zimmerman testified . According to authorities , Zimmerman has said he killed Martin in self-defense after the teenager accosted him , knocking him to the ground and bashing his head against the concrete . Zimmerman 's father testified Friday that when he saw his son the day after Martin 's shooting , he was wearing a protective cover over his nose , his face was swollen , and he had two vertical gashes on his head . He also reportedly suffered a broken nose . Timeline of case Martin 's family and the special prosecutor appointed to investigate the case have rejected that argument , saying they believe Zimmerman disobeyed the instructions of a police dispatcher to stop following Martin , racially profiled him and unjustly killed him . Although details of the shooting remain murky , what is known is that Martin ventured out from the home of his father 's fiancee in Sanford and went to a nearby convenience store , where he bought a bag of Skittles and an Arizona Iced Tea . On his way back , he had a confrontation with Zimmerman , who shot him . Zimmerman had called 911 to complain about a suspicious person in the neighborhood , according to authorities . In the call , Zimmerman said he was following Martin after the teen started to run , prompting the dispatcher to tell him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Zimmerman pursued Martin anyway . After briefly losing track of the teen , Zimmerman told authorities the teen approached him and the two exchanged words . Zimmerman said he reached for his cell phone , then Martin punched him in the nose . Zimmerman said Martin pinned him down and began slamming his head onto the sidewalk , leading to the shooting . Florida to review ` stand your ground ' law Police have said Zimmerman was not immediately charged because there was no evidence to disprove his account that he had acted in self-defense . A police report indicated he was bleeding from the nose and the back of his head . In Friday 's hearing , an investigator for special prosecutor Angela Corey 's office said authorities have no evidence showing who started the altercation that led to Martin 's death . "  Do I know ? No , " investigator Dale Gilbreath said when asked if he knew who started the fight . He said wounds on the back of Zimmerman 's head were consistent with his skull being struck with something harder than his skull , and said under questioning from O'Mara that the object could have been a concrete sidewalk . But he said evidence in the case is not consistent with Zimmerman 's account that he was able to move away from the sidewalk just before being shot . Martin was shot once in the chest at close range , Gilbreath said . De la Rionda declined to comment on most of Friday 's proceedings , including Zimmerman 's testimony . But he said there 's more to come when the case comes to trial . "  We obviously have evidence we feel we can go forward with , " he said . "  We did not put our entire case on today . " Crump said Martin 's father , Tracy Martin , wept through much of Friday hearing , and the family was distraught at the prospect of Zimmerman being able to reunite with his family . "  They pray that his freedom is only temporary , because the pain he has caused this family is going to be permanent , " Crump said . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Investigator says authorities do n't know who started fight that led to death Defendant 's father says his son 's face was swollen and had gashes the next day Attorneys for Trayvon Martin 's family call apology "  disingenuous " George Zimmerman tells the teen 's family he is sorry for what happened
What was known as the nuclear option yesterday is known as the Reid Rule today . Time will only tell if the Reid Rule is productive or destructive . But we 'll leave that to the historians . As for how it became the Reid rule , it took a coordinated and sustained effort from an unlikely place -- progressive activists on the blogosphere . After Sen. Ted Kennedy died in 2009 , Democrats lost their supermajority in the Senate -- enough to overcome a Republican filibuster -- progressive bloggers felt compelled to act against what they called "  Republican obstructionism . " The Senate , still with a huge majority of 59 Democrats , coupled with a Democratic majority in the House , struggled to pass legislation . The power of the Republican minority was outsized , filibuster opponents say . And filibuster reform became their mission . Daily Kos blogger David Waldman started to drum up support online . "  I knew that this would be an issue because I had seen mounting threats of obstructionism on the Republican side , " Waldman told CNN . 5 ways life changes in the Senate after nuclear option He wrote extensively about filibuster reform in 2005 , another time when the Senate was mired in partisan gridlock . At that time it was over President George W. Bush 's judicial nominees and Democrats were in the minority . Republicans threatened the nuclear option then , but never acted . Eventually , the bipartisan "  Gang of 14 " senators cut a deal that calmed things down . In the Obama era , Waldman argued that the use of the filibuster grew out of control . After blogging about the ability of the Republican minority to block legislation and presidential nominations , Waldman knew grassroots activists could only do so much . While they could engage fellow activists , he was n't so sure he could convince senators , especially the veterans steeped in Senate tradition and reluctant to change the ways of the past , that change was possible . There was precedent But Waldman knew that things could change . As draconian as the Senate could be , he knew the Senate had changed in the past . Senate historian Donald Ritchie believes that although the first filibuster took place in the very first Congress , the word filibuster was not used until the 1850s . At that time , there was no way to stop a rogue senator from holding up business until 1917 when senators voted to change the rules to allow a cloture vote , which enabled 67 senators to defeat the stalling tactic . What is the nuclear option ? The filibuster was famously used to block two different versions of the Civil Rights Act . Former Sen. Strom Thurmond 's successful 24-hour talkathon helped to kill civil rights legislation in 1957 . Sen. Robert Byrd , D-West Virginia , tried the same tactic in 1964 . His 14-hour filibuster was part of a 57-day-long stalling effort that , ultimately , was not effective in killing the legislation . The next major change to the filibuster came in 1975 , when the threshold to stop a filibuster was lowered from 67 lawmakers to 60 . Growing support Waldman and his co-conspirators formed a strategy referred to as an inside-outside coalition . The outside consisted of the grassroots , charged with motivating progressives to sign petitions and call their senators . The inside , Waldman said , needed to sway senators . It would need to consist of people senators knew and trusted . He had to convince a diverse group of advocates that climate change , immigration , the judiciary , and the economy all had one thing in common : The filibuster blocked their legislative goals . "  Getting them to recognize outside their issue silo there 's this one issue frustrating all of you " was key to success , Waldman said . That 's when Fix the Senate Coalition formed . The Sierra Club joined on . So did the NAACP and the Communications Workers of America , just to name a few . CWA President Larry Cohen said it was clear something needed to be done . For instance , Obama did an end run around Republican opposition to the appointment of Ricard Cordray to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . A circuit court ruled that the appointment was illegal . Cohen said those actions were "  connected " because Republican opposition kept the President from filling the four circuit court vacancies . "  That 's the torturous route that brought us to agreement , " Cohen said . Cohen said he and the coalition of groups persuaded two million of their members to either call , e-mail or write their senators pushing for filibuster reform . The man who coined the term ` nuclear option ' regrets ever pursuing it He also said that at the NAACP conference this summer , around the time the Senate was on the brink of invoking the nuclear option , leaders paused the program for attendees to call their senators to end the filibuster . Things started to shift when Senator Majority Leader Harry Reid became warm to the idea . At first Reid was reluctant , but when handshake agreements with his counterpart , Republican Leader Mitch McConnell , did n't stick , Reid became more open , eventually turning his threats of nuclear option into reality . While it only applies to presidential nominees , it excludes legislative matters . Advocates , however , say this is a good start . "  I might be destroying the Senate , " Waldman said on his radio program Thursday just before the Reid pulled the trigger . But he quickly dismissed that assessment : "  But it kind of sucks now . "	The progressive blogosphere had a major role in invoking the nuclear option A coalition of labor and advocacy groups persuaded 2 million members to contact their senators Momentum built when Senate Majority Harry Reid became warm to the idea
Los Angeles  CNN  -- NASA announced Tuesday the new retirement homes for the four remaining space shuttles -- three historic orbiters and the program 's test vehicle . The space shuttle Atlantis will be displayed at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex in Florida ; the Endeavour , at the California Science Center in Los Angeles ; the Discovery , at the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center in Virginia ; and the test shuttle , Enterprise , at the Intrepid Sea , Air & Space Museum in New York , NASA Administrator Charles F. Bolden Jr. said during a ceremony at the Kennedy Center . The announcement was made on the 30th anniversary of the space shuttle program 's first flight , made by the subsequently ill-fated Columbia orbiter , and the 50th anniversary of Soviet Cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin becoming the first human in space . More than 20 locations around the country sought one of the orbiters because of the potential tourist draw . The drama mirrored the bidding to host an Olympic games . Supporters of sites that were rejected expressed disappointment . U.S. Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , said the Johnson Space Center in Houston should have been one of the retirement homes for an orbiter , "  but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet , " he said in a statement . He noted that Houston "  played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle . " "  Like many Texans , I am disappointed with NASA 's decision to slight the Johnson Space Center as a permanent home for one of the space shuttle orbiters , " Cornyn said . "  There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters -- even Administrator Bolden stated as much . Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the state of Texas , and I 'm deeply disappointed with the administration 's misguided decision , " Cornyn said . In Los Angeles , shortly after NASA 's announcement , California Science Center President Jeffrey Rudolph told reporters that the Endeavour would boost the center 's annual 1.4 million visitors to about 2 million people a year . The center plans to use the orbiter as the centerpiece to a new air and space gallery , which would cost $ 200 million and is part of the center 's 25-year master plan , Rudolph said . That price tag includes the $ 28.8 million that the center must pay NASA to prepare and relocate the orbiter to Los Angeles , he said . The center has n't hired an architect yet to design the new facility and is now planning a fundraiser , he said . "  Obviously , we were thrilled . We got the word this morning , shortly before the announcement , " Rudolph said of his reaction to winning one of the shuttles . "  The fact that the shuttle was created here in California had a lot to do with giving us a leg up " over the competition , Rudolph said . "  It 's a fitting place for this national treasure . " The center , which also features a Los Angeles charter school , is the most attended museum in southern California and one of the most attended in the country , Rudolph said . The Los Angeles center 's existing air and space gallery is now home to the Mercury-Redstone 2 capsule that carried Ham , a chimpanzee , on a suborbital flight , and the Gemini 11 capsule flown by astronauts Pete Conrad and Dick Gordon on an orbital flight . U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer said she and Sen. Dianne Feinstein -- both California Democrats -- wrote to NASA 's Bolden last year asking that California become home to one of the shuttles because the state has a long history with the shuttle program . Beginning in 1972 , all five space shuttle orbiters were fabricated in Downey , California , and assembled in Palmdale , California , Boxer said in a statement . All of the space shuttles were tested at Edwards Air Force Base just outside of Palmdale , where 53 of NASA 's 133 shuttle missions landed , she said . The Endeavour will take its final flight on April 29 , and prior to this launch , it will have been used on 24 missions , orbited the earth 4,429 times and traveled 103,149,636 miles , Boxer said . "  California has a long history of supporting the shuttle program and we are proud to welcome this inspiring symbol of American scientific achievement and ingenuity to the Golden State , " Boxer said in a statement . Audience members at the Kennedy Space Center cheered when Bolden announced the Atlantis would be assigned to that launch facility . Many people in the gallery were center workers , some of whom are likely to lose their jobs when the shuttle program ends . Because the announcement was being made at Kennedy , expectations were high that the visitor center would be awarded one of the shuttles . The Atlantis will fly the last planned shuttle mission in June , NASA said . The Museum of Flight in Seattle also wanted one . In fact , one wall of a new space gallery where a shuttle would be housed was already erected in anticipation . Prior to Tuesday 's announcement , the museum 's president , Doug King , said museum officials did n't have any inside information . "  I think that confident may be too strong a word . I think that hopeful is probably a better one , " he said . But on Tuesday , Washington state Gov. Chris Gregoire also said she was disappointed that the NASA did n't select the Seattle museum for one of the retired shuttles . "  The Museum of Flight put a tremendous amount of effort into landing a retired shuttle in the Pacific Northwest . As the home of modern day air travel and the 747 , which has gracefully transported shuttles for the last 30 years , Seattle would have been a perfect fit , " Gregoire said in a statement . "  However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut including Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home , " the governor said . "  The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get . Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum . " Facilities in Chicago , New York , Dayton , Ohio , and Tulsa , Oklahoma , also put in requests for an orbiter , with hopes that such a historic artifact would inspire countless children in those areas to explore careers in science and engineering . Becoming home to an orbiter promises to be a boon for a community . The Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex estimates a shuttle will bring in 200,000 more guests every year . The economic impact to the area is estimated at about $ 15 million . At New York 's Intrepid Museum , Executive Director Susan Marenoff told CNN , "  Figure over 300,000 people additional  due  to the Intrepid , to New York City . Couple that with $ 106 million in economic benefit . We think that 's a pretty good deal . " Each winning location has to fork over $ 28.8 million to NASA for delivery of the vehicles . They also must guarantee a climate-controlled building will be constructed to house their shuttle . That 's still a bargain , officials at the bidding locations said , because of the return on investment they expect . One of the orbiters -- Discovery , the oldest -- was largely regarded as being Smithsonian-bound . That was confirmed by Tuesday 's announcement . The Enterprise , a test shuttle that never flew in space , is there now . It was be reassigned , at a discounted price , to one of the locations that did n't get either Endeavour or Atlantis . That location turned out to be the Intrepid Sea , Air & Space Museum in New York . Only two more shuttle flights are scheduled : Endeavour on April 29 and Atlantis on June 28 , wrapping up a program in which the vehicles launched satellites , built a space station , and launched and repaired an orbiting telescope . After that , they become museum pieces . Two other shuttles were destroyed in flight accidents . The Challenger exploded 73 seconds after liftoff on January 28 , 1986 , and the Columbia disintegrated during re-entry on February 1 , 2003 . CNN 's Stan Wilson , Ed Lavandera and Irving Last contributed to this report .	The shuttles Discovery , Endeavour and Atlantis carry historic and economic value The fourth , the Enterprise , was a test shuttle that never flew into space Communities housing the shuttles are expected to enjoy a tourist boom April 12 is the 50th anniversary of the first human space flight and 30th of the first shuttle flight
CNN  -- Let 's be clear : An agreement that would put Syria 's chemical weapons under U.N. lock and key is not a solution . It is a partial measure that could help U.S. officials avoid the uncomfortable task of having to authorize military strikes in the face of clear public opposition and save the Syrian people from further gas attacks . That is , of course , if it works . And that is a big if . As history has shown , previous cease-fire agreements under U.N. leadership have failed to gain the compliance of Bashar al-Assad . More to the point is that confronting the scourge of the humanitarian disaster consuming Syria and threatening neighbors is not dependent on removing access to chemical weapons . More than 200,000 people have been counted as killed , more than 6 million have been displaced and millions of Syrians are facing starvation and death by common disease . These casualties are not the result of chemical attacks . They are the result of a protracted civil war in which the Assad regime carries the disproportionate blame for atrocities . But let 's also be clear about what is at stake now . After two years of military stalemate , a diplomatic breakthrough involving key protagonists in Syria 's war would be no insignificant feat . Russia , which has long given al-Assad cover from international censure , agreed to the diplomatic proposal publicly floated by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in London . China has registered its acquiescence . France drafted a resolution listing tough parameters for a disarmament deal , parts of which were rejected by Russia , which submitted a counterdraft . All eyes turn to Geneva talks on Syria That negotiations are taking place at the U.N. Security Council is significant . Although Samantha Power , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , signaled at a news briefing Tuesday that substantial differences remain between the United States and Russia that could very well end in deadlock , should a resolution be adopted , it will likely reflect the agreement of the Syrian government and Iran -- both of which have a role to play in achieving an eventual resolution . With Iran backing Syria materially with money , strategic military advice and fighters , observers of Syria have long understood that its participation would be necessary to getting a viable political plan moving . The Iranian Foreign Ministry has voiced its support for the plan . If Russia and Iran were in agreement with the United States , a diplomatic framework aimed at a de-escalation of the civil war would be in place . Enforcement opportunities would be increased if such an agreement were adopted in a Security Council resolution . This could in turn usher in an avenue for a broader initiative to de-escalate violence in Syria . In fact , a U.N. weapons inspection team operating in Syria would by its very presence likely bring about a decrease of violence alone . There are many that are rightly skeptical of the chances of success at the United Nations , but all indications are negotiations between the United States and Russia have been ongoing since President Barack Obama announced his intention to use force against the Syrian government . These negotiations should be allowed to bear fruit without unnecessary posturing that could scare off the Russians . Insisting on language that al-Assad should go is not worth the risk of losing this opportunity . Al-Assad 's legitimacy has been clearly squandered to the point of no return . As the parties are to go to the table for "  Geneva II " negotiations , the diplomatic track initiated by Russia and the United States to resolve the conflict politically , discussion will undoubtedly begin from the premise of the need to transition Syria to new leadership . The Syrian opposition holds this strong card that few can dispute , although the timelines and details of the transition still need to be worked out . American and European negotiators should also consider whether it is worth fighting for a resolution falling under Chapter VII of the U.N. Charter . Chapter VII , invoked to authorize international intervention in Iraq , Libya and the Democratic Republic of the Congo , would back up any U.N. deal with enforcement powers , ranging from sanctions to military force . The issue , however , constitutes a contentious point in the negotiations . It appears clear that by threatening military intervention , Obama was able to advance Syria 's conflict toward a potential point of agreement for action . The United States should reserve that right to use force within a particular timeline but without letting it become a stumbling block at the Security Council . The administration should also continue to make the case to the American people that Syria 's suffering did n't start with chemical weapons and will not end in the chance that they are secured or destroyed . If these negotiations are to be a real opportunity , they must be viewed as a step toward a larger political initiative to achieve conditions for a negotiated transition from civil war to relative stability and eventually the democratic Syria for which so many have sacrificed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leila Hilal .	Leila Hilal : Securing Syria 's chemical weapons is a partial measure but could be first step She says it 's a "  big if , " but such an agreement would fuel other efforts to end Syria war Hilal : The ultimate goal of diplomacy is a political settlement that would end the suffering
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The five Americans arrested in Pakistan amid suspicion that they were plotting terrorist attacks were transferred on Saturday from the small town where they were seized to a more secure location in a larger city , police said . The U.S. citizens were taken from the town of Sargodha , where they were arrested at a home on Wednesday , to Lahore . A police interrogation report dated Thursday focused on one of the suspects , identified as Ahmed Abdullah Minni , a 20-year-old born in Virginia . The report said he regularly goes online to watch attacks on the U.S. military in Afghanistan and that he left comments praising the actions . That caught the attention of militants , and he was eventually contacted by a person named Saifullah , the report said . After contact had been made , a Yahoo! e-mail account was set up so the men and militants could communicate , the report says . E-mails were never sent from the account , but people would leave messages in the draft sections of the e-mail account and delete them after reading them , the Pakistani police report said . "  This mode of communication enabled them to pass on messages without fear of interception by the FBI , " the report said . It said the suspects made a plan with Saifullah to go from Pakistan to Afghanistan . They gathered in Karachi and left for Hyderabad on December 1 . They tried to hook up with two militant groups -- Jaish-e-Mohammed and the Jamaat-ud-Dawa -- but neither of them showed interest . The FBI said Pakistani authorities detained the men -- four of whom it said were found to have American passports . Along with Minni , there were snapshots and brief profiles of only four others -- Umar Farooq , Aman Hassan Yemer , Waqar Hussain Khan , and Ramy Zamzam -- all from the Washington D.C. area . The five had been formally arrested . A sixth man -- Khalid Farouk , father of Umar -- had been taken into custody by police in Sargodha and was being questioned at a safe location . Authorities have said Khalid Farouk has not been considered a suspect . CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Suspected terrorist plotters were moved to a more secure location in Lahore , police said The 5 U.S. citizens were arrested Wednesday in the town of Sargodha Interrogation report focused on online postings and contacts of Virginia-born suspect According to report , suspects planned with a contact to go from Pakistan to Afghanistan
CNN  -- The Tamil National Alliance , Sri Lanka 's largest Tamil political party , on Thursday called for an international inquiry into a U.N. failure to protect civilians during the final stages of the country 's bloody 26-year civil war . The request comes a day after the United Nations admitted that it did n't protect hundreds of thousands of civilians , mostly ethnic Tamils , trapped in areas of heavy shelling in Sri Lanka , a teardrop-shaped island nation off India 's southern coast . "  The internal inquiry report that has now come to light says the U.N. failed civilians by leaving the area , " M.A. Sumanthiran , the Tamil National Alliance parliamentarian , told CNN . Sumanthiran was referring to the withdrawal of the U.N. 's international staff from north Sri Lanka 's Wanni area . In late 2008 , the government could no longer guarantee the safety of U.N. staff there because of intense fighting between its forces and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , or LTTE , an armed separatist group commonly referred to as the Tamil Tigers . As the U.N. prepared to leave , local civilians pleaded with it to stay , fearing the government would bomb areas where there were no international witnesses . In the report released Wednesday , the United Nations questioned its decision to move its staff "  because of a government safety warning when government forces themselves represented the dominant threat to staff . " The U.N. also acknowledged that it had , on occasion , "  omitted to explicitly mention government responsibility for violations of international law " so as to not hinder its humanitarian access in the country . The internal review published accounts in which U.N. officials emphasized grave responsibility for civilian deaths with the LTTE but only "  raised concerns " with the Sri Lankan government . The government of Sri Lanka declared victory in 2009 in its decades-long battle with the Tamil Tiger rebels , who had waged war for an independent state for minority Tamils in Sri Lanka since July 1983 . As many as 70,000 people were killed in the conflict . Caught in the crossfire year after year were civilians , thousands of whom were displaced and hundreds killed . In the war 's final stage , which lasted from September 2008 to May 2009 , the Sri Lankan army advanced into an area of northern Sri Lanka known as the Vanni , where about 330,000 people were trapped by fighting . A U.N. report in 2011 said the government used "  large-scale and widespread shelling " that left large numbers of civilians dead . In its report this week , the U.N. admitted to withholding the large number of civilian casualties it had recorded from diplomatic corps in the country . Though the United Nations says it made taciturn criticism of the government so that it could negotiate pauses in fighting to allow civilians to escape and for it to gain access to internally displaced people , the efforts were made in vain because , as Wednesday 's report said , the U.N. was never in a position to reach those displaced people . The number of civilian deaths and injuries are unknown to this day , and U.N. figures greatly differ from those in reports from Sri Lanka 's government and other nongovernmental organizations . "  The report concludes that the United Nations system failed to meet its responsibilities , " United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement Thursday . The U.N. report concludes by stating : "  The UN 's failure to adequately respond to events like those that occurred in Sri Lanka should not happen again . When confronted by similar situations , the UN must be able to meet a much higher standard in fulfilling its protection and humanitarian responsibilities . " However , Sumanthiran says there is more work to be done before moving on . "  That does not mean that it is a lesson for the future for the United Nations . The United Nations should revisit the events that took place during the final stages of the war in May 2009 , where both the Tamil Tiger rebels and the security forces are accused of committing war crimes , " he said . "  If the U.N. has made a mistake , they must pursue that course of action . " The Sri Lankan government had no immediate official response to the United Nations report . CNN 's Iqbal Athas in Colombo , Sri Lanka , contributed to this report .	Sri Lanka 's largest Tamil political party called for inquiry into U.N. failure to protect civilians during civil war U.N. internal review report found it did not protect Tamils trapped in heavy shelling
CNN  -- It 's early April , and President Obama is on his way to France with the nation 's top diplomat at his side . As he and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton converse in a private room aboard Air Force One , a photographer peers through the half-open door and snaps a candid picture of the formerly bitter campaign rivals . President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton share a conversation on board Air Force One . Photographing two of the most powerful people in the country up-close and personal may seem like a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to most Americans . But for photographer Pete Souza , it 's a common occurrence . "  I try to photograph everything . Every meeting that the president does , " Souza told CNN 's John King on "  State of the Union . " On leave of absence from his normal post as an assistant professor of photojournalism at Ohio University 's School of Visual Communication , Souza is the chief official White House photographer for President Obama , meaning he has an all-access pass to the president 's most intimate and private moments . "  I look at my job as a visual historian , " Souza said on Sunday . "  The most important thing is to create a good visual archive for history , so 50 or a hundred years from now , people can go back and look at all these pictures . " Watch Souza talk to CNN 's John King about his work " While he relishes his unobstructed seat to a historic administration , he knows his limits . "  I 'm smart enough to know that if he 's having a one-on-one meeting with a head of state , I let them have some privacy , " he said . "  I let him initiate any conversation . I am not there to take up his time in conversation . " Souza brings a unique perspective to the job , having also been the official White House photographer during Ronald Reagan 's presidency . He acknowledged that Reagan was probably more formal , but told CNN he sees similarities between the two . See some of Souza 's photos " "  I think they 're both comfortable with themselves , which makes them great photographic subjects . The presence of the camera in behind-the-scene situations did n't seem to bother either president , which is good for me , " he said . Souza released four never-before-seen photos on "  State of the Union , " including one of the president and the first lady sharing a moment on the dance floor at the annual Governor 's Ball , the couple 's first big event at the White House . "  Earth , Wind and Fire was the band and I think the president was singing along to the music . I think their intention is to bring some fun to the White House , too , " Souza said while reflecting on the picture . Previously a photographer for the Chicago Tribune , Souza began documenting Obama 's ascension to the presidency in 2004 after a former colleague asked him to shoot the young politician 's first year as a U.S. senator . Last year , Souza published "  The Rise of Barack Obama , " an extensive book of photos chronicling Obama 's rise from junior senator of Illinois to the highest office in the country . When asked to choose one picture as his favorite , Souza selected one of the president and first lady softly butting heads in a freight elevator , surrounded by staffers who appear to be avoiding eye contact with the couple . Michelle Obama is smiling playfully wearing her husband 's jacket . "  I chose this one because it 's a genuine moment . It was chilly in the elevator . He took his coat off , put it around his wife 's shoulders and then there is this private moment going on between the two of them , " he said . "  It 's just a complete storytelling picture . " Though the historic nature of Obama 's presidency is not lost on Souza , he does n't view Obama any differently than past commanders in chief . "  Certainly you feel a sense of history , no question about that . When I look at him , I look at him as the president . I do n't look at him as the African-American president , I look at him as the president . "	Pete Souza is the chief official White House photographer for President Obama Souza is assistant professor of photojournalism at Ohio University Formerly with the Chicago Tribune , Souza began following Obama in 2004 Souza : "  I look at my job as a visual historian "
CNN  -- In the cold light of morning , Mitt Romney still looks like the man to beat for the Republican presidential nomination , but the buzz Tuesday night in the debate hall and since has mostly centered on Newt Gingrich . Given up for dead only a few months ago , his campaign seemingly in shambles , Gingrich has tripled his standing in the polls in a little over a month and even leads Romney in some of them . That may say a lot about Romney , but it also shows that Gingrich must now be taken seriously . The Tuesday debate illustrated the strengths and the dangers that Gingrich brings to the campaign . Romney , who had a little less speaking time than Gingrich , was crisp and once again showed a command of the issues . But as his own team seemed to realize , he did n't stand out as he often has in the past . Instead , it was Gingrich who seized the spotlight : He was both more interesting and more of a gambler . Political analysts since the debate have been wondering nonstop how much he may have hurt himself by going "  soft " on immigration . Early reports out of Iowa suggest he will pay a price there . But was it a shrewder move than many analysts assume ? For what it 's worth , my own bet is that he will take a temporary hit but in the long term , he may strengthen his prospects . For one thing , he has shown he is willing to stand up for his convictions  not a bad offset against Romney  . Second , he is in effect asking voters to take a second look at him -- and betting that they may like the "  new Newt " better than the old one . We will see . For decades , Gingrich has been regarded as one of the smartest , most creative figures in politics . No one else could have engineered the GOP takeover of the House in 1994 in the way he did nor achieved what he did in his early years as speaker . But during that time , he also acquired a reputation as a bomb thrower who could be bombastic , erratic and an intellectual bully . His best friends saw that he had enormous strengths and yet worried about his weaknesses , both professional and personal . Few thought him ready for the White House . As he re-emerges into the spotlight now , an important question is whether he is the same Newt as before or whether he has changed . Talking with him and then listening to him as he spoke 10 days ago at the Harvard Kennedy School , I sensed that the years may have brought a maturing , a rounding and a steadiness that could serve him well . Certainly , he seems happier and more rooted in his personal life -- Callista , his third wife , is constantly by his side and is both partner and confidante . Whether these are deep , genuine changes is hard to say . He drew headlines in recent days with his suggestion to weaken child labor laws so students could take the place of school janitors and his reference to the Congressional Budget Office as a "  reactionary socialist institution . " It is easy to be cynical . But the Newt of the Tuesday debate surprised a lot of people . He showed a humanity on the immigration issue that might worry the base but also suggests a greater appreciation and empathy for the travails of others . Americans like that in their presidents  see FDR  . One wonders whether Gingrich has become wiser and more forgiving after wrestling with his own personal failings and now asking voters for another chance . The next few weeks will be crucial for the Gingrich campaign . He knows that he will undergo intense vetting from the media and his opponents -- he has been smart to go on the offense through the Internet . Voters may well decide he is too much of a risk . But if he survives near the top of the polls , he is the first alternative to Romney who has the chops to win the nomination . For now , despite the polls , Romney seems a much more likely choice . He has the money , the organization and the personal capacity . A day after the debate , Intrade has been putting Romney 's chances for the nomination at 67 % compared with 13 % for Gingrich  interestingly , Jon Huntsman is at third  . But the Romney forces know they may have a real fight on their hands -- especially if voters decide there is a "  new Newt " in town . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen : Newt Gingrich generated the most buzz at CNN debate He says Gingrich , once written off , is now a top-tier contender in the race Gergen says his remarks on immigration may win him points , could signal a "  new Newt " But he says Mitt Romney remains the man to beat within the GOP field
CNN  -- As the winter sports season reaches its peak in Europe and North America so the toll of deaths and injuries will surely mount . Every year in the United States alone , an average of just over 40 people lose their lives on the slopes as a result of accidents in skiing and snowboarding , according to statistics compiled by the U.S. National Ski Areas Association . They are sobering figures and often trotted out when a high profile celebrity such as actress Natasha Richardson , the victim of a tragic accident in Canada in 2009 , is involved . This was drawn into sharp focus again when Claude Nobs , the 76-year-old founder of the Montreux Jazz Festival , died Thursday in a Lausanne hospital following an accident on Christmas Eve . Even elite level athletes are not immune to the dangers and in the past year World Cup ski cross racer Nik Zoricic and fellow Canadian world championship winning freestyle skier Sarah Burke , have lost their lives . Regine Cavagnoud of France was the last leading alpine racer to be killed in 2001 and while there have been no deaths since then in alpine skiing World Cup or Olympic competition , there have been numerous sickening crashes . Calculated risk Austria 's Mathias Lanzinger lost control in a men 's World Cup downhill at Kvitfjell in Norway in 2008 and had to have his left leg amputated below the knee . To an extent , that must be a calculated risk for the professionals because competitors in the Olympics or World Cup push themselves to the limit at incredible speed or attempting dangerous flips and turns . However , nearly every amateur skier will have a tale of someone whose alpine adventure has unfortunately ended up with a stay in the resort medical facility , flying back home with a leg in plaster with months of rehabilitation in prospect . Over Christmas , Ryder Cup golfer Miguel Angel Jimenez fell victim to a skiing accident , breaking his leg in the Spain 's Sierra Nevada mountains and wrecking the early part of his 2013 season . But are winter sports really any more dangerous than other activities and what measures can be taken to cut down on the risks ? . Mike Langran , is a Scottish doctor who specializes in skiing safety and related issues and runs a dedicated website which gives advice and updates on the latest developments . He is also the President of the International Society for Skiing Safety  ISSS  and a Director of the Scottish Snow Sports Safety Study . Bad press Langran is adamant that skiing gets a bad press when it comes to perceptions about safety and quotes international statistics , collated by the ISSS , to back up his claim . "  For snow sports , the average injury rate is 2-3 per 1000 participants on any one day . Compare that to an average game of soccer or rugby where perhaps the same number , or more are injured out of a much smaller number of players , " he told CNN . The most typical winter sports accidents would involve knee sprains , head injuries and shoulder , wrist and lower leg injuries , according to figures on his website . "  With regard to fatalities , in the U.S. during the past 10 years , about 41.5 people have died skiing/snowboarding per year on average . During the 2010/11 season , 47 fatalities occurred out of the 60.5 million skier/snowboarder days reported for the season . "  The rate of fatality converts to 0.78 per million skier/snowboarder visits . Although it 's not directly comparable , in the United States in 2009 , 2,400 people drowned while swimming in public areas and 800 died while bicycle riding , " Langran added . World governing body FIS  Federation Internationale de Ski  is only too aware of the potential dangers for leisure skiers and has produced its top 10 tips for safety on the slopes . FIS has recommended the use of helmets on the slopes since 2006 , but their use remains voluntary , despite the type of accident which befell Richardson . However , some travel insurance companies now insist they are worn otherwise claims by injured skiers could be invalidated . Helmet use "  I always recommend skiers and snowboarders to wear an appropriate helmet , " said Langran . "  Although I do n't believe the overall risk is high enough to mandate their use . Snowboarders , especially beginners , should also think carefully about using wrist guards to reduce the chances of a wrist injury . "  We know that on average snowboarding has an injury rate about twice that of alpine skiing -- mainly due to those wrist injuries amongst beginner snowboarders falling onto outstretched hands , " he added . At the elite end , where speeds and the degree of daring are breathtaking , helmets are compulsory , but they can not always prevent the tragedies which befell Zoricic and Burke . The FIS Congress in May 2012 promised urgent action to investigate the area of competitor safety , particularly in Ski Cross where four competitors start at the same time and battle it out over a course involving jumps and steep turns . Council member Michel Vion was appointed to chair a newly-appointed Ski Cross Working Group , which was composed of experts with a wide range of experience across the ski disciplines . He had an added remit to "  leverage cross discipline expertise in safety matters , notably with Alpine Skiing and Ski Cross in mind , " read a report on the official FIS website . "  Safety is our utmost focus but ours is a sport in which some risk always remains , " FIS spokesperson Riikka Rakic told CNN . Good advice Improvements to equipment have led to reductions in injury rates , for instance the introduction of quick release mechanisms dramatically cut the number of lower leg fractures , while smarter ski design is helping the downward injury trend in the alpine disciplines , according to ISSS statistics . But with improved protection from equipment such as ski body armor , is there a danger of being lulled into a false sense of security and to attempt something above your ability level ? "  My bottom line is -- If you would n't do the trick without the kit , think very carefully about attempting it with the kit , " said Langran . It would appear to be good advice and he elaborates for the benefit of beginners taking to the piste for the first time . "  Take your time to gain experience on the slopes . Get professional instruction but do n't be tempted to try too much too soon , especially if encouraged by more experienced friends . "  Read and follow the FIS rules . Use the best equipment you can , wear a helmet whenever possible and , if you 're a snowboarder , get yourself a pair of good quality wrist guards , " he emphasized again . With an estimated 200 million skiers and 70 million snowboarders in the world today , there are plenty of people who would do well to heed this advice and his overall message is that responsible participants have nothing more to fear on the slopes in comparison to other sporting activities .	FIS has top 10 rules for skiing safety on the slopes World governing body recommends use of helmets Two Canadian World Cup competitors lost their lives in 2012 Statistics point to winter sports being safer than other activities
CNN  -- A fire broke out Wednesday night on Alabama 's Mobile River after two barges loaded with natural gas exploded not far from where a once listless Carnival cruise ship was docked , authorities said . The Mobile Fire-Rescue Department , on its official Twitter feed , reported that it had "  units on the scene on east side of Mobile River where a fuel barge has exploded and is on fire . " Minutes later , the fire department issued an update stating that two barges had exploded . Three people who were burned were transported to a local hospital , fire department spokesman Steve Huffman told CNN . He did not describe the severity of their injuries . All people are believed to have been accounted for , Huffman added . There were at least three explosions tied to the incident , Mobile Fire-Rescue noted around 9:30 p.m.  10:30 p.m. ET  on Twitter . Huffman said Wednesday night that authorities had n't determined what caused the blasts . A 1-mile safety zone has been set up around the barges , U.S. Coast Guard Cmdr. Eric King said . Authorities have closed the shipping channel and were letting the fires burn . The fires burned near the docking area of the Carnival Triumph , he added . The Triumph has been based at the BAE Shipyard in the Port of Mobile since an engine fire in February left it crippled and adrift in the Gulf of Mexico with more than 4,200 people aboard . For four days , tugboats guided the disabled ship into the port as passengers complained about miserable conditions onboard . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : All people are believed to be accounted for , a fire spokesman says 2 barges with natural gas explode on the Mobile River , the fire department says 3 people were injured and transported to a local hospital , Mobile firefighters add The blast occur near where the Carnival Triumph is docked , a Coast Guard official says
Atlanta  CNN  -- A day after Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal apologized for mishandling Tuesday 's snowfall , which paralyzed Atlanta and resulted in commutes that exceeded 20 hours for some people , temperatures rose above freezing Friday and the city too busy to hate moved on . "  I 've gotten the message loud and clear and I 'm going to act like it and do something about it , " Mayor Kasim Reed told reporters at the Atlanta Press Club . Reed said he would be more aggressive in handling any future events , even if that means using his bully pulpit to persuade others not under his authority to act . "  I 'm going to publicly say that the city of Atlanta is closing and we believe everybody in the city should close right away , and anybody who does n't agree , they can take my seat on CNN . " That was an apparent reference to a testy interview Reed had Wednesday with CNN 's Carol Costello . Reed acknowledged that the image of his city has taken a hit in the public eye , but predicted it would rebound . "  I think we 'll earn it back , day by day , and I 'm confident that there will be a severe weather event and we 'll be able to show that we have the ability to respond . " On Friday , the last of the more than 2,000 cars that were abandoned when 2.6 inches of snow overwhelmed Atlanta 's ability to cope were being picked up by their owners . By Friday morning , only about a dozen were left on interstates and state roads , said Ken Davis , a spokesman for Georgia 's Emergency Management Agency . Government help , which many said was impossible to find in the immediate aftermath of the storm , was available Thursday , when the National Guard and State Patrol offered free rides to abandoned cars , five free gallons of gas and a jump-start . On Thursday night , the state began towing -- at state expense -- unclaimed cars . The Atlanta Police Department said it would waive impounding fees for those cars it towed , though it was just one of many agencies dealing with abandoned cars . By Sunday , the temperature should reach the 60 's in parts of the Southeast . Political aftermath The governor also vowed to move more aggressively and more quickly before any future storms , even if that means more false alarms . "  I accept responsibility for the fact that we did not make preparation early enough to avoid these consequences , " Deal said Thursday . "  I 'm not looking for a scapegoat . I 'm the governor , the buck stops with me . " Many people spent the night in their cars Tuesday , trapped in the gridlock . Some students were stuck on school buses , others had to shelter overnight in their schools . GEMA 's director apologized for not cranking up emergency operations six hours earlier than he did . "  I got this one wrong , " Charley English said . Reed cited the mass exodus from his city as largely responsible for the gridlock and said the schedule for sending people home should have been staggered . He acknowledged that a "  lack of experience " in dealing with severe weather events in Atlanta played a role . Monster sprawl Reed has managerial control over most , but not all , of Fulton County . But greater Atlanta comprises 28 counties with 140 cities and towns sprawled over an area the size of Massachusetts , and Reed does not have administrative power over them . That needs to change , according to retired Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , who coordinated relief efforts along the Gulf Coast after Hurricane Katrina . "  They need to have in Atlanta the same type of government you have in New York , where the mayor controls the city and everything around that city , and the mayor can make decisions on road closures ; he has emergency powers as when schools close , " he said . Atlanta 's transportation system is fragile Though warmth may have returned to Atlanta , its residents still ca n't count on a reasonable commute . The city 's subway -- called MARTA -- does not reach many areas of the city , so the vast majority of commuters drive . That often means traffic jams during rush hours , which can extend through much of the day . According to the Texas Transportation Institute 's Urban Mobility 2010 study , cited by the Clean Air Campaign , the region is the 12th most wasteful commute in the country . The average Atlanta driver is stuck in traffic for 43 hours per year ; that 's in addition to his or her normal commuting time , it said . That translates into a cost to Atlanta commuters of nearly $ 3 billion per year in time and fuel -- $ 924 per person , it said . The average commuting distance is 35 miles in metro Atlanta , and costs commuters $ 16.45 per day , said the Clean Air Campaign , a not-for-profit advocacy group . More than four in five commuters  82 %  drive alone , it said , citing a 2010 survey carried out for the Georgia Department of Transportation . Despite those statistics , voters in 2012 turned down a transportation initiative . "  Nobody fought harder for funding for MARTA than me during the regional transportation referendum , " Reed said Friday . But , he added , he has transportation improvement in mind , with plans to extend a street car due to come on line this year and to invest in roads , bridges and sidewalks . CNN 's Ed Payne , Vivian Kuo , Holly Yan and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	Mayor Reed vows to handle any future events differently The last vehicles were being picked up from interstates Mayor says lack of experience played a role Warm weather is doing what government officials could not
CNN  These days , finding somewhere to live in London is one of the city 's biggest challenges . The Greater London Authority estimates that 49,000 new homes are required in the UK capital every year to cope with its burgeoning population . In 2013 , just under 20,000 new properties were built . With space tight and increasingly expensive , some are predicting micro-living -- residency in compact homes and apartments strategically designed to maximize usable space -- could become a common theme in the coming years . "  There 's huge housing pressure , " said Lucien Smithers , sales and marketing manager at Pocket , a micro-home developer . "  The last five years have seen a real population growth in London . We 've just crossed 8.6 million and by 2030 we 're going to be knocking on 10 million . " According to Smithers , shaving off excess space in new-build properties can squeeze more people in while still providing all the necessary amenities of city living -- although Pocket would argue that their 38 square meter properties  409 square feet  are perfectly proportioned . "  They do n't have any car parking because  people  do n't have cars anymore , they have space for bicycles . There 's a big living area , and you know to be honest , you do n't need a bath in your bathroom ... a wet room is exactly what 's required , " Smithers said of the properties . Pocket 's development in London 's transport zone two would sell for around $ 350,000 , roughly 20 % below market value . Special conditions ensure the properties maintain their status as affordable housing . "  All of the developments are prioritized for sale to people who live or work in the borough  local area  . They have to earn under # 66,000  $ 100,000  and they ca n't already own another property , " Smithers explained Demand is far from in short supply . "  We currently have over 15,000 people registered for it , the demand is unbelievable , " Smithers said . Yet even with these conditions , owning a home is still out of reach for many Londoners . This is a fact recognized by Reza Merchant , CEO of The Collective , another London micro home developer . "  We 're now in a position where most people in their first or second jobs , in their early to late twenties ca n't even afford to rent a studio flat or one-bedroom flat , " Merchant said . The Collective 's Camden development is an upmarket hostel-style set up which is aimed at young professionals featuring small bedrooms , and shared communal spaces . Individual properties range from nine square meters rising to 20 square meters  97 sq ft to 215 sq ft  . "  Our prices here start at about # 200  $ 304  a week , " Merchant explained . "  That 's all inclusive of all your utility bills , so your gas , your electricity , your council tax and then also the services ... the weekly linen change , the room cleaning , the concierge ; it 's an all-inclusive rent . "  People are happy to take smaller bedrooms as almost like crash pads , " he added . Resident Bianca Pollio pays $ 425 dollars a week for 14 square meters  150 sq ft  and finds it suits her needs . "  When you live in a city and you 're a student or a professional , you do n't want to carry many things with you anyway . You want to be quite light , " she said . The likes of Pocket and The Collective have caught the attention of businesses who are keen to keep their workers in the city . Pocket is popular with local authorities for providing living space for workers near to council offices while the Collective is in talks with KPMG to house its graduate workers . And despite the smaller spaces , neither skimps on the facilities . The Collective has a new 170,000 sq ft project in the works in London 's Wilesden Junction area that will include common facilities like spas , libraries , secret garden rooms , discos , laundrettes and private dining rooms which people can hire out when they have dinner parties . "  I think it is a new , more permanent approach to living , especially in city centers , because there 's only a finite amount of space so people ca n't build more . " Merchant said . While the next few years will reveal how successful a concept micro-homes will become , it 's safe to say they 've given many Londoners an interesting option to consider .	UK capital needs to build 49,000 new homes a year to keep up with city 's rising population Some suggest micro-homes can offer affordable housing solution for many in city
CNN  -- A sailor is accusing the Navy of baselessly trying to discharge him for "  unprofessional conduct " in an effort to get around the recent "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal , after being found asleep in the same bed with another male sailor . Navy Petty Officer Stephen Jones , a student at the Naval Nuclear Power Training Command in Charleston , South Carolina , told CNN that on the night of February 5 , a male sailor stopped by to watch the CW TV show "  Vampire Diaries . " "  He has come over to watch shows in the past , " Jones said . The two watched the show on his bed but accidentally fell asleep . Jones says his roommate walked in around midnight . "  My roommate walked in and it woke me up , " Jones said . He then woke up his friend , Navy Petty Officer Bryan McGee , who according to Jones , immediately left the room . But the Navy is proceeding with discharging Jones , charging him with "  willful failure to exhibit professional conduct , " Jones ' lawyer , Greg Myers said . "  It is a violation of the Command Instruction for sailors to act unprofessionally in the barracks . It is considered unprofessional conduct to share the same bed in Navy barracks , " said Thomas Dougan , a spokesman for the Naval Nuclear Power Training Command . Jones , who claims nothing sexual happened , said they were both clothed , him in pajama pants and a white t-shirt and McGee in boxers , and that two were not under the covers together . Jones was lying above the covers while McGee lay below . The play-by-play given by Jones is substantiated by the Naval investigating documents , although a different account on the amount of clothing worn was given by Jones ' roommate who claimed in his naval statement that both sailors were only dressed in their boxers . Jones ' roommate , who was uncomfortable by what he saw , according to Myers , Jones ' attorney , moved out of the room a day later and reported the incident to command officials . An investigation was launched , ending with the Command attempting to punish Jones and McGee by a "  Captain 's Mast , " a non-judicial procedure meant to avoid a court martial . McGee , who declined to comment on the case , accepted the mast and punishment but Jones refused , moving the Navy to begin proceedings to discharge him . Punishment by Captain 's Mast could have resulted in loss of rank , forfeiture of pay , or jeopardized Jones ' top secret security clearance , Myers said . "  I 'm not pleading guilty to something that I did n't do . I did not commit a crime , " said Jones . "  I am the type of person that takes responsibility for my actions . If I break a rule , I take my punishment . And I know I did not break any rules . " Myers also said he is adamant that no crime was committed . "  In the end , Jones was charged with falling asleep while watching a show on his computer while on his bed over the covers where another man under the covers was also sleeping . This is not a crime and never will be as there was and is no duty to avoid such a circumstance as a matter of laws , " said Myers in a statement sent to the Navy . Jones and his lawyer charge that the Naval Command suspects Jones of being gay and wants to discharge him for that reason alone . "  This Command suspects that Jones is a homosexual but has no proof . It can not invoke ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' because there is no homosexual conduct and there is no admission of homosexuality . Yet this homophobic Command is using its suspicions to reach the same result as though there were , " said Myers . "  This is bigotry disguised as the rule of law . " Jones would not comment on his sexual orientation saying , "  that is my business and my business alone " . President Obama signed the so-called "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal into law in December but it 's not officially off the books until Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the President give the OK that the military is ready to implement the repeal . For now , the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy remains in place , although no military personnel have been discharged under that policy since October , when Gates changed procedures to have such separations reviewed at the highest levels , a point , Myers says , was not forgotten by the Naval Command . "  The Secretary of Defense has said that ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' cases will be reviewed at the highest levels . This case is disguised as misconduct to avoid that result , " said Myers . "  This is a subterfuge being used by this Commander because he does not have the elements of proof to separate him for homosexuality , but he suspects homosexuality , so he has created this illusion that Stephen has engaged in misconduct of some form . " The Navy denies the separation proceedings are based on the suspicion of homosexual behavior . "  Naval Nuclear Power Training Command is not administratively processing either of these sailors for separation based on sexual orientation , " said Dougan . But one gay rights group worries this case may be an example of some in the military trying to get around the "  do n't ask do n't tell " repeal by charging suspected homosexuals with other offenses . "  We 've seen this before , " said Alex Nicholson , executive director of Servicemembers United , the nation 's largest organization of gay and lesbian troops and veterans . "  Here is the classic text book case of trumping up charges and exaggerating an event to try to punish someone . And this is exactly what the senior defense leadership has said would not and should not happen when DADT goes away . " For now , the 21-year-old Jones says that even though he is disappointed in the Naval Command , he just wants to keep his job and finish his training to become a nuclear operator on an aircraft carrier or a submarine . "  I enjoyed my job . I enjoyed the environment and I was interested in what I was learning . It has been challenging but it was definitely something that I wanted to complete , " said Jones .	Petty Officer Stephen Jones says he fell asleep with another sailor while watching television His roommate caught the two sailors sleeping and reported them to supervisors The NAVY has said the sleepover is a violation and unprofessional
CNN  -- Philippine navy divers retrieved bodies Monday from inside a ferry that sank last week after colliding with a cargo ship . The discovery of more victims ' remains brought the number of people confirmed dead from the disaster in the southern Philippines to 55 , the Philippine Coast Guard said . Another 65 people remain missing and 750 have been rescued , it said . The divers found the body of a child Monday near the hull of MV St. Thomas Aquinas , the sunken ferry , the official Philippines News Agency  PNA  reported . They then managed to enter compartments of the vessel and recover more bodies , the agency said , citing Lt. Cmdr. Gregory Fabic , a navy spokesman . But PNA reported that dive operations were suspended later in the day because of bad weather . Another team of divers was expected to arrive within the day to help with the search and rescue efforts , Fabic said . The collision occurred around 9 p.m. Friday in the Mactan Channel about 2 miles northwest of Cebu City , the capital of Cebu province . Echoes of a past disaster The St. Thomas Aquinas was coming from nearby Butuan City when the collision occurred . The cargo ship , the Sulpicio , which had about 20 people aboard , was leaving Cebu for Davao , a region on the island of Mindanao . The passenger ferry sank , but not before sending out a distress call heard by Coast Guard officials . The cargo vessel involved in the crash -- along with navy , Coast Guard and commercial vessels -- helped in the rescue efforts . Photos from the scene showed a huge hole torn in the yellow bow of the Sulpicio . The sinking recalls one of the worst maritime disasters in world history that took place on December 20 , 1987 , also off the Philippines . Between 1,700 and more than 4,000 people were killed when the ferry Dona Paz collided with an oil tanker in the Tablas Strait . Reports of the total number of casualties have varied ; many claim the Dona Paz was extremely overcrowded . Philippines arrest Chinese ` poachers ' after reef collision Ships collide in North Sea CNN 's Jessica King , Kathy Quiano , Deanna Hackney and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Diving efforts are suspended because of bad weather , PNA says The ferry sank Friday after colliding with a cargo ship off Cebu City Rescuers have saved 750 people , but dozens remain missing More divers are expected to arrive Monday to help with search efforts
CNN  -- It seems Christina Aguilera needs to plan for a wedding and a baby . A week after the singer and "  The Voice " coach revealed that she 's engaged to boyfriend Matt Rutler , multiple reports suggest that they 're also expecting their first child together . Aguilera , 33 , and Rutler , 29 , have been dating since 2010 , following Aguilera 's breakup with her ex-husband , Jordan Bratman . The powerhouse vocalist welcomed her 6-year-old son , Max , with Bratman in 2008 . Although Aguilera was eager to share news of her engagement -- she posted a photo of her sparkling ring on Twitter on February 14 -- she has yet to say a peep about the pregnancy reports . It appears someone close to the star is talking , though : People magazine quotes an insider who says that Aguilera and Rutler are "  very much in love and are really excited to take this next step . " At least the singer will have some downtime to adjust to her latest life changes : While she 's a regular on "  The Voice , " she 's taking off season 6 , which premieres on February 24 , as singer Shakira takes her place .	Christina Aguilera is reportedly expecting her second child It will be the singer 's first baby with fiance Matt Rutler She has a son , Max , with her ex-husband , Jordan Bratman
Samuel Yaga , a mechanic , was making a routine repair on a client 's car when his phone rang . It was a phone call that would change his life forever . "  I was called in the morning by my elder brother notifying me of an attack on the school where my daughter was schooling , " he said . Samuel 's blood went cold as his brother continued , telling him that some of the girls had been abducted by Boko Haram . Samuel knew only too well the vicious and brutal nature of the terrorist group : just a few months before this , Boko Haram had attacked his village in northeastern Nigeria . Armed men forced him out of his house and one of them pointed a gun to his head . By a sheer miracle , unexplainable even to Samuel , one of the militants intervened , and his life was spared . Their entire village was razed to the ground and so Samuel moved his family to Chibok and enrolled his eldest daughter Sarah into the Government Secondary School so that she could sit for her final high school exam . He chose Chibok because not only was it his ancestral home and he had relatives there but also because it had no history of Boko Haram attacks . He felt it was safe -- until now . Later in the day Samuel 's brother phoned him again . "  Then before sunset he called me again , and informed me that my daughter was part of those that were taken by Boko Haram . " His wife Rebecca says the news of her daughter 's abduction tore at her heart . She refused to believe it when her husband first told it to her -- until it was confirmed on the evening news . "  Seriously , seriously , mum and her daughter . The pain is indescribable , " she reflects . Rebecca says there is not a day that goes by that she does think of her daughter . She describes her daughter as an ambitious girl who saw education as a way out of poverty . "  She used to tell me one day she will finish school and become somebody . She used to assist the younger ones with their homework , " she said "  She loved studies . She used to fall asleep with her books in her arms , " she added . Her father remembers her as the caring eldest child who used to secretly collect his dirty clothes , wash them and press them for him . He also remembers her passion for knowledge . "  She is brilliant . She liked reading . Always she loved going to school , " he said . Inside their small one roomed house -- there is nothing to indicate that the Christmas festive season has begun . They say Christmas used to be a time of laughter and spending time with family . "  Every Christmas we used to be complete and happy but now one of us is not there , how can it be the same ? " asks Samuel . "  There is nothing I can say . It has happened . It is a bad Christmas . But there is nothing we can do , " says Rebecca . A sadness surrounds the couple as they clutch to the only physical memory that they have of their daughter -- a few photos and one bright green top , one of her favorites . But although they are at low spirits , they say their hopes remain high that their daughter will come back . They pass on that encouragement to their other five children who say they miss their sister . "  Her siblings know that she is not here -- they themselves know what is happening , having come out of war , " says Samuel . "  They keep asking me , ` When is she coming back ? ' But I keep telling them to keep trusting God . Maybe He will hear us , " he adds .	Samuel and Rebecca Yaga 's daughter Sarah was kidnapped by Boko Haram in Chibok Samuel says he had moved his family there because it had no history of such attacks Rebecca says not a day goes by that she does not think of her daughter Although in low spirits , the couple remain hopeful that her daughter will return
Researchers in Hawaii have found a mammoth World War II-era Japanese submarine scuttled by the U.S. Navy in 1946 to keep its advanced technology out of the hands of the Soviet Union . The Hawaii Undersea Research Laboratory at the University of Hawaii discovered the I-400 in 2,300 feet of water off the southwest coast of Oahu , according the school . "  Finding it where we did was totally unexpected , " lab operations director and chief submarine pilot Terry Kerby said in a university statement . "  All our research pointed to it being further out to sea . " Piece of Civil War ironclad brought to surface in Savannah At nearly 400 feet long , the I-400 and its two sister ships were the largest submarines ever built before the nuclear age . Initially conceived as a weapon to target the U.S. mainland and capable of reaching any point on the globe without refueling , the subs were effectively underwater aircraft carriers outfitted with three folding-wing seaplanes capable of carrying an 1,800-pound bomb . The ships were never used to attack the mainland United States and saw only limited service before Japan surrendered in 1945 . But their novel design represented a tactical shift in thinking about the use of submarines , which until then had been strictly seen as anti-ship weapons , James Delgado , director of the Maritime Heritage Program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , said in the university statement . Shipwreck hunters stumble across mysterious find "  Following World War II , submarine experimentation and design changes would continue in this direction , eventually leading to ballistic missile launching capabilities for U.S. submarines at the advent of the nuclear era , " Delgado told the university . The submarine was found in August , but the laboratory did n't notify the public until after informing the U.S. State Department and the Japanese government , the university said . The I-400 was one of five Japanese submarines captured by the U.S. Navy at the end of World War II and sent to Hawaii for examination , the school said . With tensions rising between the Soviet Union and the United States after the war , the Navy scuttled the ships to avoid their advanced technology falling into the hands of the Soviet navy in what would become one of the first intrigues of the Cold War . The Hawaii Undersea Research Laboratory has so far found four of the ships . Pearl Harbor survivor , 91 , helps identify unknown dead	Researchers find the remains of an advanced submarine sunk by the U.S. Navy in 1946 The I-400 was essentially an underwater aircraft carrier The Soviet Union wanted to inspect the sub 's advanced technology The sub represented a big shift in submarine tactics , a researcher says
MEDELLIN , Colombia  CNN  -- This city 's drug underworld is littered with "  poseurs " -- lowlife triggermen pretending they 're the real hard cases . Samir Romero , wanted by police for two murders , was killed in August . He was shot 13 times . But a longstanding and trusted source , with intimate knowledge of Medellin 's violent subculture , assured me the two men I was about to meet were the real deal . My destination : a single-story home in the city 's notorious "  Commune 13 " district where I had set up a meeting with two hit men , who have for years hired their lethal services out to the cocaine cartels . Inside the house , a man called "  Red " sat on a couch toying a fully loaded 9mm Ruger pistol . "  This will stop somebody nicely , " he said , as I glanced at it . His face and arms were covered in burn marks . He said it was a testament of the day a barrel of acid spilled onto him as he was working in a clandestine cocaine processing lab in northern Colombia . Red explained that after the accident , the lab foreman tossed him out , half-dead , into a jungle clearing . What little strength he had left , he said he used to bat away vultures . And , against the odds , he made his way to safety and slowly recovered . When Red left the clinic months later , he said he went straight back to the drug lab and gunned down the foreman and three of his henchmen . That was n't his first killing though , he told me . When he was just 11 years old , Red recounted , he took a razor to the throat of a neighborhood drug pusher who had been molesting his little sister . The other man , "  C " , sat quietly as I listened to Red . Like Red , my source told me , "  C " was also the so-called "  chief " of a number of neighborhoods -- running local drug-peddling operations , extortion rackets and organizing hits for a big cartel boss he simply referred to as "  El Cucho , " or "  The Old Man . " It was a hot morning and he was shirtless . His chest was branded with a tattoo of the Virgin Maria Auxilatrix , known in Colombia as the "  Virgin of the Assassins . " Hitmen , or "  sicarios " as they call them here , revere her and pray to her for protection against arrest or death and for help to carry out their killings . Watch as Medellin law enforcement moves from killing to killing " During our time with the hit men they offered a fascinating insight into their violent world -- from how much they get paid to what their mothers think of their lifestyle : Penhaul : Why are Medellin 's drug bosses and the street gangs in a war right now ? "  RED " : "  These problems come about because they 're looking for a good man to run things . We have to find him and , in order to find him , what 's happening right now has to run its course . " "  C " : "  Medellin has exploded right now because different groups want to control it and earn money and gain territory . The authorities locked up , extradited , or cut cooperation deals with the big guys , the ones who controlled all this . Those were the ones people respected . Now there 's no respect and anybody who has a bunch of money is grabbing a few kids from a poor neighborhood and putting them to work . " Penhaul : What are the cartel bosses paying for a contract killing now ? "  C " : "  If you 're talking about a contract hit then right now you can get four or five million pesos  between US$ 2,000 and $ 2,500  to kill some idiot slimeball . Then of course there are bigger hits where you can earn 15  million  or 20 million  between $ 7,500 and $ 10,000  . Some of those hits pay pretty well . There 's a lot of people around here with a lot of money and they 're using it for bad things . Sometimes even the politicians will pay for a hit to get somebody out of their way . " Penhaul : Why did you get into this lifestyle ? "  Red " : "  People need to eat and there 's a lot of hunger . We do n't just want the crumbs . That 's the big problem . There 's a lot of idle hands around here and many people think they have a chance if they have a gun in their hand . " "  C " : "  I grew up in a slum and every time I stepped outside the door there were guys from the local gang smoking  marijuana  joints . They had guns , the best motorbikes and money so I started running errands for them . " Penhaul : Did n't you have any big dreams when you were kids ? "  Red " : "  I always said when I grow up I would build a house for my old lady with a cement roof and plaster and paint on the walls . I dreamed I 'd be able to give her money to go to the supermarket every week . " "  C " : "  I dreamed of being a professional soccer player . I was pretty good . But I never got the chance . " Penhaul : Do you think you 've made your mothers proud by killing people ? "  Red " : "  I once gave my mum a wad of cash after I did a job . She took the wad and slapped me in the face and told me not to bring that cursed money into the house . She begged me to get out of that life . She was afraid they would kill me . " "  C " : "  My mum knows nothing about this . I guess she imagines because she tells me to take care otherwise I 'll wind up dead . But she does n't know for sure . " Penhaul : What did your first contract hit feel like ? "  Red " : "  You kill the first one and you panic for a few days . You 're nervous . But then you kill the second one and that 's a kind of a medicine . It takes the pain away that you were feeling after the first killing . " "  C " : "  The first time is really f *** ed up . I nearly went mad . You see a cop and think he 's going to arrest you . I was 16 or 17 . That was my first time . I hardly even wanted to eat . But then you carry on and kill this one and that one . You earn money . After I killed somebody the first time I bought my first decent pair of sneakers . "  It 's not so tough now . Sometimes you kill somebody and you know they were going to kill you . It 's not a question of conscience . It 's a question of kill or be killed . " Penhaul : Do n't you feel any remorse ? "  C " : You know you messed up when you go to the wake and see people crying and you know it 's your fault . But I do n't back down from a killing because I know if somebody comes after me they wo n't back down . " "  Red " : "  I 've got feelings and sometimes you sit down and think what a shame . But the person who 's trying to shoot you is n't going to think the same . You 're not killing somebody for the fun of it . If you do n't mark your territory then you 're a nobody . " Penhaul : So , apart from the money , why do you do it ? "  C " : "  To gain respect round here you have to be a mother f *** er . You 've got to be a bastard so people respect you . If you 're quiet and respectful everybody takes advantage . But if they know you 're a mother f *** er who 'll bust their ass at the first sign of trouble then they respect you and your family . " Penhaul : Are you killing innocent people ? "  C " : "  I never kill somebody who does n't deserve it . Sometimes I 'll hunt down a "  patient " for a week just so that I do n't make any mistakes . You ca n't go and kill somebody just because you want to . You have to ask for permission from the big guys who control us . You explain to the "  old man " and he gives the final word . " Penhaul : Are you ever on the receiving end of bullets ? "  Red " : "  They once shot me four times at point blank range . I heard them laughing as they walked away and one came back and kicked me in the head for good measure . When I got better he was the first one I killed . I 've been shot 17 times . Well let 's call it 19 if you count the ones that just graze you . They say some bodies have divine protection . Let 's hope mine is one of them . " Penhaul : Why do n't normal citizens just turn you in ? Because they 're afraid ? "  C " : "  The community collaborates with us . We give them food parcels and we throw parties for them and give toys to the kids . We do n't mistreat everybody , just the ones who deserve it . We do n't kill innocent people . " Penhaul : Do you want to get out of this life ? "  C " : "  I know you should pay what you owe . But I do n't want to pay for all those deaths . I 'll be absolutely f *** ed if I have to pay . I want to get out of this but I want a clean slate . If I pay my debt to the law then that means jail and if I pay on the street then that means death . I do n't want to go to jail or to die . " Penhaul : Do you see any quick end to the current cartel violence in Medellin ? "  C " : "  We 've survived one war , then another and now this one . I ca n't see it all ending . I do n't think that will happen . If you kill two or three people there 's four or five more behind him who want to kill you . "	Colombian hitmen talk about their careers to CNN One says a kill costs between $ 2,000 and $ 10,000 Second hitman : After the first kill you panic , the second is a medicine They live in Medellin , the Colombian city in the middle of a drug war
Fairhope , Alabama  CNN  -- Mark Castlow and Jimbo Meador have a solution for saving the oil-covered birds in the Gulf of Mexico . However , they also have a problem . I saw the solution firsthand during a quick ride through a Gulf inlet , near Meador 's home of Fairhope , Alabama , about a 20-minute drive outside Mobile . The two co-owners of Florida-based Dragonfly Boatworks have been working at a breakneck pace for weeks to modify the design of their shallow draft fishing boats , turning them into mobile triage units for pelicans , seagulls , and pretty much any kind of critter caught in the catastrophe . Their concern on the 65th day of the underwater gusher is deep rooted . Castlow , who says he has "  salt water in his blood , " grew up surfing off Miami and the Keys . Meador , a former shrimper , was raised along Alabama 's Gulf shores . They 're keenly aware that each day adds to the death toll of birds and other animals dying in pockets of oil that invade their natural habitat . "  We have to do everything we can to take care of them , " said Meador , who said he has a serious interest in the "  birding world . " "  We want to do try to do what 's right to help them because they ca n't help themselves . " Oil-soaked birds : Rescue or kill ? Unlike more traditional boats , which have deep keels that bog down when they push into shallow marshlands , the custom Dragonfly boats can operate in less than a foot of water . Their broad hulls create very little wake that might further alarm wildlife ; and they 've even been painted a light green color to blend better with their surroundings . On board , Castlow and Meador have added a whole set of tools to help wildlife rescuers : a large , skid-proof worktable for crews to handle animals , an adjustable shade canopy which can be easily lowered to slip beneath bayou tree branches , fine mist nozzles to cool the scorching summer temperatures for workers and critters . The oil wo n't hamper the boat 's engines , thanks to a special cleaning solution . The men consulted wildlife biologists and other scientists as they rushed to make the improvements , and they 've found big donors , like Florida musician Jimmy Buffett , who are willing to help them make the boats available to rescuers free of charge . The vessels will be outfitted with wireless Internet access , and plans are in the works to team up with Google Earth to enable anyone to track the boats online in real time . Onboard Web cameras donated by a group in Houston , Texas , will allow classrooms or anyone else to watch rescuers in action . So far , Buffett has funded construction of one prototype boat , according to the duo . The plan is to produce a new boat every seven days from here on out . After the cleanup , the animal rescue groups will be allowed to keep the boats for use in research projects . Clean up crews trample pelican nests No one will make money off of the deal , but the animals could benefit immensely , including brown pelicans , a species native to the eastern Gulf which has fallen victim to the oil . Brown pelicans spent almost 40 years on the endangered species list until last year . Salvaging just a few of the birds is so vital to the survival of the species , said Lee Hollingsworth , a wildlife adviser with the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds in Wales . "  Something has got to be done , and of course , it 's worth saving the bird . " Brown pelican : Symbol of survival Every day adds to the death toll of the region 's birds and other animals . According to a June 22 report from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , rescue officials have collected 1,746 birds along the coastline from Louisiana to Florida . Of those , 749 were alive and "  visibly oiled . " Another 997 were found dead , and 265 of those were visibly oiled . Birds that were found alive and then euthanized numbered 143 . The report states BP 's Deepwater Horizon spill is not responsible for all dead birds . How much is a pelican worth ? Although the vessels have been praised by wildlife experts , including marine biologists at the University of Southern Mississippi , Castlow and Meador say they 've run into dead ends trying to get their boats into the hands of animal rescuers . They 've called federal authorities and BP too , but they say no one seems able to willing to tell them how and when the boats might be put to work . Castlow and Meador call their support network the DEA , the Dragonfly Environmental Army , which is made up of those who have extended a helping hand , which include suppliers , donors and volunteers . They 're hoping the combined forces of their group can break through the bureaucracy and get their boats in the hands of animal rescuers . It is frustrating to both men , but they say they 've been so encouraged by wildlife experts who have universally praised their innovation , that they 're pressing on , convinced that no less than the lives of thousands of birds are at stake , and the future of their beloved Gulf too . "  And we 're going to get all of these people , and we are going to break that ceiling , " said Castlow . "  And we will go through it -- because it 's our livelihood . " CNN 's Katie Ross and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Mark Castlow and Jimbo Meador develop boat to save oil-covered wildlife Musician Jimmy Buffett offers to fund boats for rescue operations , say boatmakers Boats operate in shallow water , are outfitted with special tools to save wildlife Wildlife experts praise their idea , but men say feds and BP have n't responded
CNN  -- Forces loyal to Ivory Coast 's former leader , Laurent Gbagbo , used a lull in fighting this week as a "  trick " to reinforce their positions around the main city of Abidjan , the head of U.N. peacekeeping operations said Friday . Though Gbagbo 's men said Tuesday they wanted a peaceful solution to the months-long fighting in Ivory Coast , they soon restarted shelling both the U.N. headquarters and the civilian population , Alain Le Roy told reporters at the United Nations . Forces loyal to Gbagbo have since regained control of two central areas of Abidjan and fighting is continuing , Le Roy said , after briefing the U.N. Security Council on developments in the cocoa-producing nation . "  They have clearly used the lull of Tuesday as a trick to reinforce their position , " he said . Most areas of the capital , however , are now under U.N. or French military control , journalist Seyi Rhodes reported from the French military base in Port Bouet . The French military has been working to reconnect the disrupted water and electricity supply in what is the country 's main city . Rhodes traveled with the French military through Abidjan on Friday and reported seeing civilians in the streets , including one woman selling food , which he took as a positive sign . There appeared to be a standoff , however , outside Abidjan 's Golf Hotel , where Gbagbo 's rival and the internationally recognized president , Alassane Ouattara , is staying under U.N. protection , Rhodes reported . He said Gbagbo 's forces are outside the hotel . Le Roy said that if that hotel comes under attack , the United Nations may have to consider using force against Gbagbo and his men . Pro-Gbagbo forces have heavy weapons including tanks , mortars , and rocket-propelled grenades and are using them "  as we speak against the civilian population " and U.N. headquarters , Le Roy said . "  Those who are saying there are no more heavy weapons -- that Mr. Gbagbo has no more heavy weapons -- it 's a lie , " he said . Earlier , French military sources said the French ambassador 's residence in Abidjan came under attack by forces loyal to Gbagbo , but a Gbagbo spokesman said that was "  impossible " because U.N. forces are surrounding all the ambassadors ' residences . The spokesman , Ahoua Don Mello , said the U.N. forces fired on the state television station , which is in the same block as both the French ambassador 's residence and Gbagbo 's residence , and that they have broken the antennae . "  The national TV station was destroyed by the last attack  two days ago  , " Mello said . "  Right now it is still working , and the French do n't want the national TV to work any more and they are now preparing an attack . " Le Roy said 23 countries have requested U.N. help in moving their personnel to safer areas of Abidjan . Those countries include India , China , South Africa , the United States , Israel , Mali , and Niger . U.N. forces also offered to relocate the 35 journalists who were at the Novotel hotel in Abidjan , he said . Many accepted the offer but some have stayed behind . The United Nations is still hoping political dialogue will resolve the situation , said Nestor Osorio , Colombia 's ambassador and current president of the U.N. Security Council . "  We hope that additional political actions will be taken , but still the great difficulty here is the absolute reluctance of Mr. Gbagbo to recognize the legitimacy of Mr. Ouattara , " Osorio said Friday . French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe expressed his nation 's full support of Ouattara on Friday and said the situation in the country "  remains serious . " "  The militia paid by Gbagbo continues abuses , looting , and assassinations , " he said . "  The population lives in very precarious conditions . Massive humanitarian aid will be needed pending the reconstruction . " Juppe 's words came amid a disturbing new report of the type of killings and abuses that have plagued Ivory Coast since the disputed November election . More than 100 bodies were recovered in the past 24 hours in western Ivory Coast , the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Office said Friday . Human rights teams found 15 more bodies in Duekoue , the cocoa-rich town where last week several agencies reported a massacre of as many as 800 people . The U.N. rights agency said that so far , 244 bodies have been recovered from that incident , the bloodiest episode yet . The victims are believed to have been mostly or all Guerre people , who have traditionally supported Gbagbo , and some of the victims were burned alive , the United Nations said . In the town of Blolequin , human rights investigators said , the perpetrators of killings were Liberian mercenaries who separated the Guerre from the rest and spared them from slaughter . Le Roy said a commission of inquiry will be appointed soon to investigate the killings . A report by Human Rights Watch , released late Friday , backed up the U.N. claims . It said forces loyal to both Ouattara and Gbagbo are responsible for "  serious abuses " including the killing and rape of those believed to support the other side . The report pinned most of the blame , however , on supporters of the internationally recognized president . "  People interviewed by Human Rights Watch described how , in village after village , pro-Ouattara forces ... summarily executed and raped perceived Gbagbo supporters in their homes , as they worked in the fields , as they fled , or as they tried to hide in the bush , " the human rights group said . "  The fighters often targeted people by ethnicity , and the attacks disproportionally affected those too old or feeble to flee . " The group urged Ouattara to open an investigation into abuses by both sides as soon as he takes power . "  While the international community has been focused on the political stalemate in Abidjan over the presidency , forces on both sides have committed numerous atrocities against civilians , their leaders showing little interest in reining them in , " said Daniel Bekele , Africa director for Human Rights Watch . "  Ouattara should send a strong message to  his forces  that such abuses will be fully punished at home or by an international tribunal . " Nearly 150,000 people have now fled their homes amid Ivory Coast 's war , displaced within the country or seeking refuge in neighboring nations , the U.N. refugee agency said Friday . Refugees said they were tired , hungry and exhausted after arriving in Liberia 's Maryland County , which is along the border at the Atlantic coast . Some arrived by foot , others by canoe . Some reported seeing dead bodies along the way . Sporadic gunfire rang out Friday in Abidjan , the nation 's largest city , where Gbagbo remained hunkered down in the basement of his residence , guarded by about 200 of his men . Despite being surrounded by Ouattara 's troops and receiving a warning from the U.N. secretary-general that he should seize his last chance for a graceful exit , Gbagbo showed no willingness to budge . Ouattara has blamed Gbagbo for Ivory Coast 's suffering . He told citizens this week he ordered the military and police to safeguard public places including hospitals and markets . The November presidential election had been expected to help unify the West African nation , which is rebounding from a 2002 civil war . Instead , the disputed vote sliced the nation in two . Sporadic post-election violence erupted into all-out war after Ouattara 's troops launched an offensive that swept through the country to Abidjan on the coast . On Friday , at Ouattara 's request , the European Union lifted sanctions on Ivory Coast entities , including two key ports . "  Under the measures adopted today , the ports of Abidjan and San Pedro , the Ivorian Refining Company and the Coffee and Cocoa Trade Management Committee are removed from the list of entities subject to the EU assets freeze , " an EU statement read . CNN 's Moni Basu , Katy Byron , Saskya Vandoorne , and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	NEW : Human Rights Watch blames both sides for "  serious abuses " The U.N. peacekeeping chief accuses Gbagbo 's forces of a "  trick " He says they used a lull in fighting to reinforce their positions The U.N. may use force if Gbagbo rival Ouattara 's hotel is attacked
CNN  -- Shanna Kurth began biking to work three years ago to improve her health . Several times a month , she loaded her bike onto her car , drove most of the way and biked the last three miles to her office . Bit by bit , she shortened her time in the car and extended the bike ride . Now , the 50-year-old Illinois woman says she bikes all the way to work several times a month from her home in Metamora to Peoria : 25 miles each way , amounting to about two hours of travel time . It 's no easy feat , and not something most Americans are willing or able to do , especially in suburban and rural communities , where bike paths are scant and cars are the only way to get around . The rate of workers commuting by bicycle doubled between 2001 and 2009 , according to National Household Travel Survey data . But that still amounted to less than 1 % of Americans reporting in 2009 that they used bicycles as their primary mode of transportation to work , according to the Census Bureau 's American Community Survey . In honor of National Bike Month and Bike to Work Week , CNN asked its Facebook fans what it would take to get them to bike to work more often . A shorter commute and more bike lanes were by far the most common responses . "  I would do it every day  if  the weather permitted , if my work was actually within biking distance , " Kitty Dunn wrote . "  I have an hour to travel by car . Probably take a day or two by bike . " Read more comments on CNN 's Facebook page Cleanliness and body odor were also frequent concerns . Others simply preferred the solace of a morning drive . "  The climate has to be right , the distance not too far , the commuter 's health not an issue , a lack of fast , simple , reliable and safe public transportation needs to exist , " Joshua Wertheim said . "  A shower and locker to change clothes must be provided by my employer , and a way to blast Springsteen while I peddle must be allowed . Otherwise I ai n't doing it . " Some suggested that the idea itself was outdated . "  What I think we really need to focus on are more fuel-efficient vehicles , better city planning for the number and types of vehicles on the road , and more public transportation options , " Curtis Lewis said . "  This is the 21st century after all ; trying to solve modern problems with solutions over 100 years old is just simply not going to work . Why not change this to ` What 's Your Solution ? Week  where you send your ideas to manufacturers , politicians , city officials , etc.  " instead of ` Bike to Work Week . ' " Or , in the words of Jun Zheng Wang : "  Bike to work ? Are you crazy ? Time is money !!! " But those who bike to work swear by the financial rewards and health benefits . And yes , there 's a bit of a do-gooder element to it . "  It is a good way to clear your brain from all the sh*t at work , " Maria Olivieri said . "  The only thing I wish is there were more bike paths alongside the highways . I think if there were I bet a lot more people would be biking it to work ; not only that it is good for the green factor  but  good for your health . " Bike safety 101 Kurth acknowledged that a considerable amount of time and planning goes into her ride . A neuropsychologist with her own practice , she bikes only when her morning schedule is open . When she does , she carpools home with her husband . She takes into consideration weather and wind conditions , avoiding snow , ice and high winds . Most importantly , she said she learned to ride with a light load and keep a set of professional attire at work to change into . She said she uses side roads as much as possible , although there is a long stretch of highway that she can not avoid . She said believes she has just as much right to use the roads as drivers . "  I do n't do it more often because it requires the ` intersection ' of a couple of factors , " Kurth said in an e-mail . "  We belong on the road . It is the law . It is safest for everyone for bicyclists to be on the road -- that is why it is the law . Get over it . And STOP honking and yelling at us . " She 's right , though the rules vary from state to state , said Andy Clarke , president of the League of American Bicyclists . The group is the national sponsor of Bike Month . Bicyclists are allowed to use most roads with the exception of high-speed limited access roads such as highways or interstates , which have few interchanges , Clarke said . "  As a general rule , particularly in urban areas , the road networks are such that there are viable alternatives to highways and interstates , and cyclists are able to use the rest of the roadwork , " he said . "  Outside of urban areas , cyclists are allowed to use interstates as well because they have no other options . " Each state has its own bicycle and pedestrian coordinator within the Department of Transportation that can provide specific information , he said . If cyclists have the right to the same roads as cars , there are a few drivers who are n't happy about it . Dozens of Facebook commenters said cyclists had no place on the road if they did n't have a bike lane to ride in . "  Cyclists , stay off the roads without bike lanes !! You slow down traffic and are putting yourself in danger ! " Greg Schneider said . If cyclists want to share the road , they need to follow the same rules as cars , many said . Obey traffic lights , go in the same direction of traffic and ride single file when traveling in a group . "  Bikers need to follow the rules of the road , too . I can not tell you how many times I 'm at a four-way stop , etc. , and they fly right through , " Michelle Having said . "  Also , keep in mind if you 're biking , you 're not Lance Armstrong . Watch out for pedestrians . I 'm sick of seeing walkers hit by bikers . " When it comes to signaling for turns , many commenters said they felt that both drivers and cyclists could do better . "  Use your flippin ' hand signs cyclists !! " Lucas McCain said . "  Ca n't tell ya how many times I almost turned one of you guys into street pizza because you did n't warn me of your turns . " The matter of sidewalks was an area of dispute . Some said cyclists should use them in the absence of bike lanes , while others bristled at the thought of them stealing the space from pedestrians . "  Sidewalks are for pedestrians . Cyclists need to understand bike laws ; to not ride on the sidewalks and to obey traffic signals , " wrote Amanda Goebel , who also commented that "  cuter bike helmets " would encourage her to bike more often . On the flipsde , Schenider wrote , "  I would much rather see a cyclist use the sidewalk than the street . How often do you really see people walking on sidewalks ? What 's more dangerous ? #commonsense . " Cyclists also had advice for other cyclists : Earn the respect of drivers by following the rules and making your presence seen . Wear a helmet all the time and reflective gear at night , make sure to have insurance and do n't assume drivers are paying attention . They also had advice for drivers on how to share the road better : Put down the phone and pay greater attention . "  Stop TEXTING , EATING , PUTTING MAKE-UP  ON  , TALKING ON THE PHONE while driving , " Francisco Marcelo Gadelha said . "  Cars , depending on your city , you most likely have to treat bikes as vehicles whether you like it or not , " Payton Powell said . "  Remember that messing with bikers often results in needing new windshields , hoods , or mirrors due to U-Lock justice . " More than anything , they 're asking for respect . "  Cyclists can ride faster than you think . We respect you so respect us , " Kayla Nicole Lingerfelt said . "  If you 're worried about those five seconds to safely get around a cyclist so you wo n't be late for work , you should have left 30 minutes earlier . Share the road ! " What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments !	Friday marks national Bike to Work Day Shorter commute , more bike lanes would inspire more commenters to bike to work "  We belong on the road . ... Get over it . And STOP honking and yelling at us , " one rider says "  Cyclists , stay off the roads without bike lanes !! You slow down traffic , " driver says
CNN  -- Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai said Friday that he 'd welcome a Taliban office opening in Turkey , that country 's state-run news agency reported , adding that such a development could help peace talks in his war-torn nation . Karzai made his remarks during a joint press conference with Turkish President Abdullah Gul and Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , following a meeting of the three leaders at Istanbul 's Ciragan Palace . The Afghan president acknowledged that there have been discussions about Taliban officials setting up somewhere in Turkey "  in order to facilitate reconciliation and integration , " according to the Turkish news agency Anadolu . "  If Turkey can be kind to provide such a venue we , the government of Afghanistan will be pleased and happy to see that facilitation  in  Turkey , " said Karzai . The president referenced an article published earlier this week in the British newspaper The Daily Telegraph , in which former Taliban ambassador to Pakistan Mullah Zaeef said that having the Taliban set up an office in a neutral country may help bring about peace . Zaeef -- who served time in the detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and is now living openly in Kabul -- suggested that a country like the United Arab Emirates , "  which is not interested in interfering in Afghanistan like Pakistan or China , " would be a good option . While not an official representative of the Taliban , the former ambassador did attend a meeting in October involving political figures from Pakistan and Afghanistan . Farouq Wardak , Afghanistan 's education minister , then said that Kabul was ready to enter a "  new phase " in building bridges and making peace with the Taliban .	Karzai says there have been talks about a Taliban office in Turkey , state-run media reports The Afghan president says that he would be "  happy " to see that happen Several months ago , an Afghan official noted a "  new phase " in reconciliation with Taliban
CNN  -- Police arrested a former Creighton University medical resident Monday for two double homicides over five years , both sets of victims were connected to the pathology department at the Nebraska school . Anthony Joseph Garcia , 40 , was arrested during a traffic stop in Illinois , Omaha Police Chief Todd Schmaderer said . Officers were making preparations to arrest him Tuesday , but the Indiana resident "  became mobile " and police felt they needed to arrest him right away , he said . Garcia was arrested on four counts of first-degree murder in the May deaths of Roger and Mary Brumback , both 65 , and the March 2008 deaths of 11-year-old Thomas Hunter and his family 's housekeeper , Shirlee Sherman . All lived in Omaha . Roger Brumback was a professor in the pathology and neurology departments at Creighton and announced his retirement shortly before he was killed . Thomas Hunter 's father , Dr. William Hunter , is a faculty member in Creighton 's 12-person pathology department . The boy 's mother , Dr. Claire Hunter , is an associate professor in Creighton 's cardiology division . Garcia was a resident who worked in the pathology lab from July 2000 until June 2001 , when the Brumbacks and William Hunter fired him , the university said . Neither police nor the university said why Garcia was terminated , but CNN affiliate KETV said it was because of "  erratic behavior . " An Omaha task force had been monitoring Garcia "  for some time , " Schmaderer said . He was pulled over for suspected alcohol impairment and was found with a .45 handgun . Authorities believe Garcia acted alone , Schmaderer said . It 's not clear where Garcia was working at the time of his arrest . "  Creighton University and particularly the School of Medicine and Department of Pathology are grateful for the work of the Omaha Police Department and the special task force in these investigations , " the school said in a statement late Monday . CNN 's Dave Stewart contributed to this report .	Anthony Joseph Garcia worked at the Creighton University pathology lab He was arrested in the deaths of four people tied to the school A professor and his wife were killed in May The son of two professors was killed in March 2008 along with their housekeeper
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Computer hackers have embedded software in the United States ' electricity grid and other infrastructure that could potentially disrupt service or damage equipment , two former federal officials told CNN . The ex-officials say code also has been found in computer systems of oil and gas distributors . The code in the power grid was discovered in 2006 or 2007 , according to one of the officials , who called it "  the 21st century version of Cold War spying . " Department of Homeland Security Director Janet Napolitano would not confirm such a breach , but said Wednesday that there has been no known damage caused by one . "  There have been , to my knowledge , no disruptions of power on any grid caused by a deliberate cyberattack on our infrastructure -- on the grid , " Napolitano said . "  Nonetheless , we remain in constant protection , prevention , education , resiliency mode and we work with the utility sector particularly on that . " Watch security officials explain threat " The U.S. power grid is n't the only system at risk . The former officials said malicious code has been found in the computer systems of oil and gas distributors , telecommunications companies and financial services industries . Napolitano said the vulnerability of the nation 's power grid to cyberattacks "  has been something that the Department of Homeland Security and the energy sector have known about for years , " and that the department has programs in place to fight such attacks . Security experts say such computer hacking could be the work of a foreign government -- possibly Russia or China -- seeking to compromise U.S. security in the event of a future military conflict . Former CIA operative Robert Baer said he is not aware of a specific breach like the one the former officials describe . But he said people in the intelligence community assume that such attacks from countries like China go on all the time . "  Their foreign intelligence service has been probing our computers , our defense computers , our defense contractors , our power grids , our telephone system . ... I just came from a speech at the national defense university and they were hit by the Chinese trying to get into their systems , " Baer said . "  They are testing and have gotten in portals . It 's a serious threat . " Baer said if the software was embedded by a foreign government , he doubts it would be used to launch a surprise attack . Instead , he said , that government likely would keep the bugs in place in case of a future conflict with the United States . "  It 's deterrence in the event of war , " he said . "  They will have another weapon at their disposal , which will be to turn off our power . " When the coding is found , it can be destroyed . But experts said that 's easier said than done . "  If you have somebody who knows what they 're doing writing that code and embedding it in a clever way , you can look right at it and not recognize it , " said Scott Borg , director and chief economist at the U.S. Cyber Consequences Unit , an independent research institute . And even when it 's found , Borg said , confirming the source of a cyberattack can be next to impossible . "  Anonymity is a fact of life in the cyberworld , " he said . "  It 's very easy to run an attack through somebody else 's computer . It 's very easy to embed code in Russian or Chinese when you 're not Russian or Chinese . "  So it 's very difficult to be confident on where anything like this comes from . " Critics of the utilities industry have accused it of not doing enough in the past to defend against cyberassaults . But Ed Legge , spokesman for the Edison Electric Institute , which represents shareholder-owned electric companies , said the industry takes the threat seriously and has made progress in closing some of the loopholes that would allow such attacks . President Obama has started a 60-day review of all the nation 's efforts at cybersecurity that is expected to be completed by April 17 , Napolitano said . While utility grids are owned by industries , not the government , Napolitano said her department will continue working with power companies and other industries to help prevent an attack that could cripple power or other vital services . "  Can we continue to work to enhance efforts within critical infrastructure like the utility grid ? Yes , " she said . "  Are we continuously looking for ways to enhance and educate for the prevention and protection of the cyberworld ? Absolutely . "  Is this a priority of the president 's and of all of us that are involved with safety and security ? You bet . "	2 ex-federal officials say U.S. electrical grid , other infrastructure targeted Homeland Security does n't confirm a breach , says no damage caused by one Expert says this kind of code could be difficult to detect
CNN  -- The best chocolate cake I ever ate in Kabul was tucked away on a discreet corner near the city 's diplomatic area . Kamal Hamade , the well-known and loved Lebanese owner of Taverna du Liban , made sure every visitor to his restaurant had a piece of gooey cake on the house , and then some . On Saturday , the Taliban attacked the cozy Lebanese restaurant in Afghanistan 's capital . One man detonated a suicide vest while two others stormed into the restaurant and fired at those inside , killing 21 people , 13 of them expatriates . One of them was Kamal . Taverna had a decent security routine in place : Visitors drove up and knocked . The Afghan guard slid open the peep hole to take a look . The patron was searched before being let in to the restaurant a short distance away from the metal-door entrance . But unlike many other establishments visited by Kabul 's foreign residents , Taverna had one less door , one less pat down and lacked a long corridor away from the street . The restaurant and its owner were what security experts call soft targets -- semi-armored and lightly guarded . I walked through that aluminum metal door many times during my two years living in Kabul and working for an Afghan media company . One of those times , I was on my first date with the man who 's now my husband . Another night , after a leisurely dinner with friends -- most of it on the house under Kamal 's watch -- I was left alone to wait . My ride was nowhere to be seen , and Taverna had closed . Not wanting to bother the servers , who were ready to leave , and Kamal , who looked tired , I slipped outside to the front of Taverna to wait . Kamal tried to lure me back inside , but I also enjoyed the rare few moments outside in Kabul . When I told Kamal I would be fine , he brought out a plastic chair and sat with me . Kamal was originally from Lebanon , but it was clear from all our conversations that he loved Afghanistan . That night , we laughed , talked about Beirut , and watched his cat slink up and down the muddy street . Forty-five minutes later , my ride showed up . I went back to Taverna dozens of times after that visit , always catching a smile and laugh from Kamal -- with a hunk of chocolate cake . It seems like almost everyone who has lived in Kabul has a Kamal story . After the attack , friends , family and frequent patrons of the restaurant immediately took to social media to express their concern . "  Any word on Kamal , the owner of Taverna , or his staff ? " development worker Una Moore wrote in a Twitter post . Once security officials confirmed his death , photos popped on Facebook as people who knew Kamal and his restaurant shared their memories . Albums with titles like "  Taverna " were filled with pictures of groups of smiling people gathered around long , wooden tables . Kamal , like most nights that he was in the country , was in the building the night of the attack , wandering around the restaurant with a cigarette or in his office , most likely . He lived above the Lebanese restaurant , keeping a loving eye on the falafel , staff and visitors . For many of us , it 's hard to believe someone who loved Kabul so much -- and who was so much a part of the Kabul we loved -- has become a casualty in a deadly attack . Kamal 's restaurant allowed for quiet dinners or raucous get-togethers after long work days . Kabul , known to the foreign diplomat , aid worker and journalist inhabitants as the "  Kabubble , " was a relatively safe place compared to the rest of the country . Much of my two years there were spent haphazardly throwing on a headscarf , walking down to the nearest supermarket to buy potato chips or use decent wi-fi at a cafe . The city never felt unsafe . Only one similar event comes to mind in recent years . In January 2011 , a suicide bomber blew himself up in a supermarket popular with expatriates and middle-class Afghans alike . Those of us in the Kabubble were thrown off for a few days , left jarred , vowing it was time to get out . After a few weeks riddled with lockdowns , the event faded into the city 's memory -- a moment of violence that had passed . This attack seems different , though . Perhaps not for the Afghan civilians who have lived through similar attacks for the last decade . But for the people who live in and love Afghanistan out of choice , it does change something . I do n't know what this means for the country 's upcoming election , for Afghans after the NATO troop withdrawals scheduled for later this year , or for the foreigners who flock to the country , investing themselves in the nation and its people . But I do know that without Kamal in Kabul , the city is a darker place .	Restaurant owner Kamal Hamade was among 21 people killed in a Taliban attack His Taverna du Liban was a beloved spot for expats to gather in Kabul Visitors got smiles and laughs from Kamal -- with a hunk of chocolate cake
CNN  -- The knock on the door is a sign of bad things to come . "  Do you have any work ? " they ask . They have fled their villages and come into the city out of desperation . Their bellies ache from hunger . "  For those of us in the city , we are seeing the first signs of food crisis spreading across our country . We have seen it before . It has already started , and it is coming fast . " That 's what Haoua Lankoande , a manager with the humanitarian agency CARE wrote in a recent blog post from the Niger capital , Niamey . The first phase of hunger drives villagers into the city ; the second phase brings knocks on the door , Lankoande wrote . "  Do you have any food ? " they ask . "  I have n't eaten in three days . " Eventually in phase three , Lankoande said , people do n't ask anymore . "  You wake up and go outside in the morning , and there is a family sleeping on your doorstep . They do n't ask for anything , they just look up at you , hoping . " CARE and other aid agencies fear Niger is already in the first stage of crisis . It does n't take long , they say , for the situation to deteriorate from phase one to three . "  What we are seeing is a tip of the iceberg , " said Cassandra Nelson , spokeswoman for Mercy Corps . Nearly half of Niger does not have enough to eat . The 5.4 million people struggling to stay alive are part of a wider crisis affecting at least 10 million people across the swath across Africa that borders the Sahara , known as the Sahel . This is the third time in the last decade the people of the Sahel have faced severe food shortages . The problem , caused by drought and high food prices , is exacerbated by an ongoing conflict in Mali between the military and Tuareg rebels that has forced people to flee into neighboring nations . Niger , Mali , Chad , Burkina Faso and Mauritania are all facing hunger . All five governments have declared states of emergency . In Niger , people depend on crops and livestock for survival . They are used to living life on the edge . Every year , life is a gamble . In the dry months , they prepare for what is known as the "  lean season . " They eat once a day or maybe even once every 36 hours . Typically , said Nelson of Mercy Corps , the lean season begins in May . This year , it has already arrived . Premature and deadly . This week , a United Nations delegation arrived in Niger to size up the horrific situation . "  We know what is coming , and we know what to do to save lives , " said Valerie Amos , the U.N. emergency relief coordinator . "  While we can not stop this crisis from taking place , we are taking steps to avert a catastrophe . " Amos said international aid agencies have called for about $ 725 million to respond to the crisis . Donors so far have provided $ 135 million . "  But we need more resources now to prevent a large-scale crisis , " she said . In the hard-hit Filengue region , the images are stark . A woman with skin as black as her dress is white surrounded by shades of parched earth . Around her , rows of millet and sorghum that no amount of water could save now . The rains came late and locusts and crickets damaged crops . The next harvest is n't until October . People grow more desperate by the day , Nelson said . A bridge stands over a river of crevices . People dig up the river bed , hunting for the last few drops of water . They rely now on God and authorities , one man told the United Nations World Food Programme  WFP  . The agency said it has enough emergency food in the area to feed 2 million people in the Sahel for a month . It hopes to reach 8 million people in the coming months . Dije Ousmana told CARE she tries not to think of the three babies she has lost in previous years when food was hard to come by . But she is seeing all the wretched symptoms of hunger again in 2-month-old Abdulahadi , wailing to be fed . She put her baby to her breast but there is no milk , she told CARE . "  I have n't eaten yet today . " CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	Aid agencies fear the situation will deteriorate rapidly Drought has led to a failure of crops In all , 10 million people in the Sahel region are at risk
CNN  -- Kate Meinhardt felt like a clown jammed into a Volkswagen bug when she lived in a 21-square-foot room aboard a circus train . Kate Meinhardt crammed her life into a 21-square-foot room while she lived aboard a circus train . Bungee cords crisscrossed her walls once a week to prevent an avalanche of items from raining down . A microwave , mini refrigerator , her laptop and baskets of personal items lined the dorm-like room . Showering , going to the bathroom and even doing laundry became racing contests on the train , Meinhardt said . The 13 people on board shared one shower , two toilets and one washer and dryer . "  It 's a pretty tough life living in such a small space , " she said . The 23-year-old spent almost a year as an animal handler for Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus . While most iReporters have n't run off to join the circus , some have traded in their homes for smaller digs . One iReporter even opted for a floating lifestyle , where he could sail away at a moment 's notice . iReport.com : Living in tight quarters Living on a 25-foot boat was only supposed to be temporary , but Jim Smith loved it so much he stayed there for a year . "  I have lived in a 25-foot sailboat , a 28-foot motor home , a 32-foot sailboat and now an 800 square-foot apartment , " Smith said in his iReport . "  I was happiest with the 25-foot sailboat . " While docked in Panama City , Florida , Smith kept his expenses to a minimum . The marina slip rent was only $ 200 and electricity was included in the rent , he said . The boat did not have refrigeration so Smith kept his food inside an insulated ice box . For 79 cents at the discount grocery store , he could buy a 10-pound bag of ice that would last him several days , even during the summer . Air conditioning was n't a luxury Smith had either , but fans and sea breezes kept him cool . "  Sometimes the less you have , the more you like it , " he said . The portable lifestyle also charmed a father-son duo who set out on a yearlong European vacation . A camper van took them wherever they wanted , whenever they wanted . Spencer Pearson and his 15-year-old son , Bryce , bought a 150-square-foot van in Germany for their European excursion . Living out of the van meant "  no reservations , no packing and unpacking of suitcases , no strange beds , " Pearson said . Modern amenities were n't amiss on the van , which included everything from the Internet and entertainment to a complete bath and kitchen , and there were occasional hotel stays and meals out that made the trip more pleasant . The simple life also enticed Deborah Greant and her husband to trade in their Calgary , Canada , home for an RV . Both she and her husband have neuromuscular problems and needed extra help taking care of their large home . Since moving into a 240-square-foot RV , they can manage the house themselves . "  We did n't want to be owned by our things , " Greant said . "  We jettisoned pretty much everything except things from former generations . " While two people living in an RV can be tight , imagine a family of six trying to do the same . Mounting living expenses and a job relocation prompted the Chervenkas to sell their home and move into a 32-foot RV . Two pets came along , too . The Chervenkas were n't forced to do this . Their goal was to become debt-free and save money for their children 's college educations . When pilot Tim Chervenka got transferred to Charlotte , North Carolina , the family set up camp in a 32-foot RV . The temporary situation turned into a permanent one . The family said goodbye to paying a first and second mortgage and pricey utilities . They now pay only $ 500 a month , utilities included . "  It 's made such an adjustment in our personal life without the juggling , " Cindy Chervenka said . "  We have so much more family time . It 's a good feeling . " Cindy Chervenka has some advice for others thinking of a drastic downsizing : "  Step out of your comfort zone and try it . We did n't plan on doing this full-time , but once we discovered it , we thought , ` hey we can do this forever ! ' Until you step out and try it , you 'll think it 's not doable . "	iReporters share their experiences of living in a small space Kate Meinhardt lived aboard a circus train as an animal handler Jim Smith traded in his home for a 25-foot sailboat iReport.com : Do you live in a small space ?
Cats and dogs in Venezuela may soon get a taste of the South American country 's brand of socialism . President Nicolas Maduro announced plans Sunday to consider controlling pet food prices as part of efforts to help street animals . Price controls have become a staple of Venezuela 's economic policies , drawing praise from supporters of Maduro and his government who say they make items more affordable for the poor . Opponents have sharply criticized such policies , arguing that they fuel goods shortages and harm businesses . Maduro mentioned the possibility of capping pet food prices after he announced the construction of six new veterinary centers and adopted a stray cat on government television at an event Sunday for the Mision Nevado , an animal-rights project named after a dog once owned by Latin American liberator Simon Bolivar . Maduro said national and international media , which gave extensive coverage to the slaying of a well-known beauty queen and actress in Venezuela last week , would likely ignore the news . "  Everything that is good , that is beautiful , that we do in Venezuela is ignored by the media . ... Tomorrow you will not find any summary in the press , " he said . "  They are going to hide it . The media always hides the good of Venezuela . "	Venezuela 's president says the country may control pet food prices He announces the possibility as part of a program to help keep animals off the streets Price controls have been a staple of Venezuela 's economic policies
CNN  -- While some Chinese travelers storm the tarmac when flights get delayed , others might wish their flights never take off -- assuming they 're flying from the northeast China city of Dalian . To entertain waiting passengers , Dalian International Airport recently recruited a squad of cheerleaders to perform kicks , jumps and splits in the airport 's main hall . During massive fog-related delays in Dalian last week , the cheerleaders ' pom-pom routines "  soothed emotion and alleviated fatigue " for more than 5,000 stranded fliers , according to the Dalian Evening News . The cheerleading show is part of the airport 's effort to "  bring more convenience to passengers in the summer-autumn air season , " said Zhen Qun , an airport official . It 's also a way for the Dalian airport to "  demonstrate spirit and shoulder social responsibility , " according to an airport press release . More on CNNGo : Traditional Thai cheerleading explained The airport has launched a series of other innovative services , including free physical checkups and instant weather and flight updates by text message . Zhen did not discuss the daily schedule of cheerleader shows , but the airport has staged at least one performance every day in the past week , each lasting two to three hours , with breaks . "  The cheerleaders are enrolled in different colleges in Dalian . We hire them on a work-for-study program , " added Zhen . "  The performance is free of charge for passengers . " That 's good , because we 're not sure we 'd pay to see them , anyway . More on CNNGo : 10 of the world 's most loved airports Dalian International Airport is the biggest airport in northeastern China and the fourth busiest in China  by international passengers  . The hub handled more than 12 million passengers in 2011 . Amid a current boom in aviation in China , flight delays are becoming a major sticking point for travelers in the country . Poor weather , restricted military airspace and logistical issues regularly play havoc with airline schedules . Statistics from the Civil Aviation Administration of China had almost one in four flights suffering delays last year . However , that only measures the time a plane 's doors are closed , not when the aircraft actually took off .  2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Airport in China has hired a cheerleading squad Routines "  soothed emotion and alleviated fatigue , " official said Aviation boom in China has resulted in major flight delays
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A tour bus crash with a big rig and two vehicles in California early Wednesday killed four people and injured nearly two dozen others near the Arizona border , according to the California Highway Patrol . All four fatalities were passengers on the tour bus , which was carrying 25 people , CNN affiliate KCBS-TV said . A truck carrying metal pipes jackknifed around 2 a.m. Wednesday on Interstate 10 near Blythe , sending the load across the highway and apparently into the opposite lane of traffic , where the tour bus was traveling , the station reported . "  The pipes subsequently caused some of the vehicles to crash into them in the eastbound lanes and it appears they could have rolled into westbound traffic which is where the bus was traveling , " Terri Kasinga of Caltrans told the TV station . The bus struck the pipes and then ran off the freeway by 40 to 50 feet , KCBS reported . It then fell down an embankment and landed on its side , the station said . No further details were available on the two vehicles involved in the crash . The tour bus was traveling westbound on I-10 from El Paso , Texas , to Los Angeles and had just made a stop in Phoenix , the highway patrol told the affiliate . It was not immediately known which company operated the bus . 31 children killed after bus catches fire in Colombia Overpass fires shut down Southern California overpass FedEx truck crashes into students ' bus in California	A tour bus , big rig , two vehicles are all involved in a crash on I-10 , California Highway Patrol says All four fatalities were on the tour bus carrying 25 people , TV station reports A rig jackknifes and sends its load of metal pipes spilling onto freeway , station says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Shouting from the audience . Holding up signs blasting the health care reform bill before Congress . Frequent hissing and booing . Many Facebook and Twitter users condemned Rep. Joe Wilson for his outburst toward President Obama . Though it sounds like behavior at one of the health care town hall meetings last month , it was how some Republicans reacted to President Obama 's speech to a joint session of Congress on Wednesday night . But Norm Ornstein , a longtime observer of Congress and an expert at the American Enterprise Institute , said the tone and behavior from members of Congress are not necessarily new . "  A lot of what went on -LSB- Wednesday -RSB- night has become fairly typical of what we 've seen in the State of the Union messages over the last 10 or 12 years , where it 's one side jumping up wildly and the other side sitting on their hands in stony silence . " The most memorable moment came from Rep. Joe Wilson , R-South Carolina , who shouted "  You lie " after the president said that a Democratic-sponsored health care bill would not cover illegal immigrants . Ornstein said that in addition to being beyond the bounds of what is typical , Wilson 's comment is "  just sort of stunning in the level of disrespect for not just the president but the presidency . " Watch more of Wilson 's outburst " During several moments in Obama 's speech , members of the GOP hissed and yelled at the president as he laid out his plan for reform . One Republican held a sign saying , "  What bill ? " House Minority Whip Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , was seen several times typing on his phone during the speech . Vice President Joe Biden told ABC 's "  Good Morning America " on Thursday that he was "  embarrassed for the chamber and a Congress I love . " Observers said the behavior is probably indicative of the vitriolic sentiments found during town hall meetings . "  I think a lot of those Republican members went home to their district and were met with very angry reaction from their constituents . Congress , as you know , is pretty polarized , " said Kasie Hunt , a health care reporter for National Journal 's Congress Daily . "  I think , in some ways , that 's what you really saw last night : the degree of acceptance of that angry discord that we 've really had n't seen in a long time . " Hunt said there is still a lot of misunderstanding among Republican members of Congress . John O'Connor , who covers politics for The State newspaper in South Carolina , said that a lot of Wilson 's anger mirrors what many feel in his home state . "  I think he feels the way a lot of people in South Carolina feel about -LSB- health care reform -RSB- . They 're suspicious . They 're worried . There 's some fear out there about what could happen . " But O'Connor points out that South Carolina tends to be more conservative than other states , and Wilson 's town halls were generally civil . "  Rep. Wilson , however , held a town hall meeting in Columbia where , for the most part , there was a pretty reasoned debate , " he added . "  There were folks on both sides raising issues , asking questions . " Still , it might have been Wilson 's constituents ' anger and distrust that contributed to the outburst in Congress , O'Connor noted . "  His takeaway from that was that people support his stance , which was to oppose any version of what he 's calling Obamacare , " he said . "  So despite the fact that there was clearly some support in that audience for doing something about health care and health insurance , he kind of had a different impression of what the majority of the crowd thought . " Could Wilson face any trouble for his comments Wednesday night ? Unlikely , according to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi . Pelosi said Thursday that there is a procedure that could have been implemented to strike Wilson 's "  lie " comment from the record . But she said the president did the right thing in continuing on and not giving it "  any more attention than it deserved . " Pelosi indicated that she would not press the issue farther . "  As far as I 'm concerned , the episode was unfortunate . Mr. Wilson has apologized . It 's time for us to talk about health care and not Mr. Wilson , " she said . Political observers in South Carolina opine that the comment heard around the world "  was a little surprising . " "  This is not his personality . He 's not a guy who tends to make a lot of inflammatory statements . You expect that a lot more from Rep. DeMint -LSB- Republican from South Carolina -RSB- than Wilson for sure , " O'Connor added . Wilson said Thursday that his outburst was simply "  spontaneous . " Watch Obama 's full speech " Meanwhile , the controversy surrounding him -- and anger on both sides of the aisle to his statement -- has helped his opponent in the 2010 midterm election . The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee said Thursday afternoon that since Wilson 's comment , his Democratic opponent , former Marine Rob Miller , received 11,000 individual grass-roots contributions and raised more than $ 400,000 . During the 2008 election , when support for Democrats and Obama was high , Wilson faced a tough slog against Miller . The Republican , who represents the 2nd Congressional District , including most of Columbia and parts east , won 54 percent of the vote to Miller 's 46 percent . Ornstein added that Wilson 's comment was an "  incredibly dumb thing to do " for the broader picture of the Republican Party . "  It was a gift , in a way , to Barack Obama , " he said . "  To independent voters out there , this just underscored the notion that you 've got a party that is unremittingly hostile to the president that has no interest in negotiating or finding common ground . "	President Obama delivered his health care reform plan to Congress on Wednesday GOP Rep. Joe Wilson yelled out "  you lie " during Obama 's speech S.C. observer says his view might be echoing sentiment from voters
James Tully says he been stopped so many times by law enforcement on his way to work that he 's stopped counting . Apparently , he resembles fugitive Eric Frein , who is accused of fatally shooting a Pennsylvania state trooper and injuring another trooper in a September shootout . The search for Frein has jolted the Canadensis area of Pennsylvania 's Pocono Mountains , leading to school closures , roadblocks and multiple police interactions for Tully , who walks 5 miles to work and back each day because he does not own a car . "  Because I 'm walking and I 'm carrying a book bag , and for some reason people seem to think I 'm the one they 're looking for , " Tully told CNN affiliate WNEP . "  I 've lost count after 20 in total . The most on one round-trip stretch was about seven times . " He even started wearing his work ID around his neck for easy identification . One concerned citizen is looking to take the target off Tully 's back . Dawn DeBiase of East Stroudsburg , Pennsylvania , started an online fundraiser to help the father of two purchase a car . The campaign has raised more than $ 22,000 in just five days . DeBiase said she was touched by Tully 's plight . "  He 's a good guy . He 's working to support his children . He 's not in the street boo-hooing because he does n't have a car ; he 's walking to work every day . " Due to the overwhelming response , DeBiase said , she 's closing the fundraiser this week at Tully 's request . "  He does n't want to be greedy about it , because what 's there now will help him , " DeBiase said . "  He 's ready to take it from here . " In the meantime , others in the community have stepped up to give him rides to work . "  He absolutely appreciates everything . He 's totally overwhelmed by everything , " she said . "  He 's a very humble , hardworking guy . "	James Tully says he 's been stopped more than 20 times in manhunt for accused killer Tully walks 5 miles to work and back each day because he has no car Members of community start online campaign to raise money to buy him car
CNN  -- Former International Monetary Fund  IMF  chief and political contender Dominique Strauss-Kahn has seen his reputation tarnished in a turbulent 12 months . He was once most known for his brilliant grasp of global economics and European politics . Now , his name is connected with an accusation of sexual assault from a hotel maid in New York and an investigation into gang rape and "  aggravated pimping " in France by prosecutors who allege he participated in a prostitution ring . Just last year , Dominique Gaston Andre Strauss-Kahn was head of the powerful IMF and the presumptive front-runner for the presidency of France . But when a hotel employee accused him of assaulting her in Manhattan 's Sofitel Hotel last May his professional life disintegrated . Despite denying the charges , he stepped down from the IMF and his dream of leading France 's Socialist Party in this year 's presidential election vanished . However , the criminal case against him fell apart before it reached a courtroom when New York prosecutors cited credibility issues with the maid 's story . Strauss-Kahn still faces a civil suit in the case . It was , by any standard , a stunning fall for the man many presumed would be the new occupant of the Elysee Palace instead of Francois Hollande . It was also a cautionary tale for those who might forget how quickly sexual allegations can bring down even the most influential leaders . Long before he ended up on the front pages of the tabloids , Strauss-Kahn was well known to followers of global financial news . The University of Paris-educated economist headed the IMF for the duration of the global financial crisis . In doing so , he played a lead role in arranging bailouts for Greece and Ireland , as well as propping up Europe 's single currency , the euro . The IMF , which , among other things , assists countries suffering economic difficulties by providing loans , was founded near the end of World War II and is now made up of 187 countries . Strauss-Kahn was a force in French politics for a quarter-century , first winning election to that country 's National Assembly -- the lower house of parliament -- in 1986 . He was President Francois Mitterrand 's trade minister from 1991 to 1993 , and went on to serve as finance minister in the late 1990s . During that period , Paris joined the euro and ditched the franc . In 1999 , after an allegation of unethical financial doings involving his consulting business , Strauss-Kahn resigned his ministerial post . He was later acquitted of the charges . Strauss-Kahn lost a fight with Segolene Royal for the Socialist Party 's presidential nomination in 2006 . One year later , he was named managing director of the IMF . Married to his third wife and the father of four children , he has also taught economics at Stanford University in California and at the prestigious Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris , known as Sciences Po . A dominant figure on the French left , Strauss-Kahn also gained a reputation over the years as someone who enjoys a lavish lifestyle -- critics have made much of his image as a "  champagne socialist . " As head of the IMF , Strauss-Kahn pulled in an annual tax-free salary of more than $ 420,000 , according to a 2007 statement from the organization . He also received more than $ 75,000 for "  a scale of living appropriate " to his position . To the extent that there was a perceived conflict between his socialist political ideals and wealthy lifestyle , it was n't an issue for most French voters , said Simon Serfaty , a senior European analyst at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , a Washington think tank . Similarly , French voters typically take little notice of allegations of infidelility , which are much less likely to derail a political career in France than in America -- though in Strauss-Kahn 's case , the sheer volume of accusations seems to have stymied his ambitions , especially with the election this month of Hollande as French president . Strauss-Kahn became embroiled in sexual controversy soon after joining the IMF in 2007 : In 2008 , he was reprimanded for having a relationship with a female employee . An independent inquiry found the relationship was consensual , and the IMF 's executive board concluded that "  there was no harassment , favoritism or any other abuse of authority by the managing director , " but it found that "  the incident was regrettable and reflected a serious error of judgment . " Strauss-Kahn issued a statement after the investigation , noting that he had "  apologized for it to the  board of directors  , to the staff of the IMF and to my family , " as well as to the employee . In the months following the Sofitel Hotel accusation last year , other allegations surfaced . Anne Mansouret , a Socialist member of the French parliament , said Strauss-Kahn had attacked her daughter . Mansouret said she had cautioned her daughter , Tristane Banon , not to file a police report at the time , saying it might adversely impact her career . Last year , Banon did file a complaint , alleging a 2002 attack , though it could not be pursued because the statute of limitations had expired . Strauss-Kahn denied the allegations and has since filed a counter-suit in France , alleging slander . CNN does not typically name assault victims , but Mansouret said her daughter gave permission for her name to be disclosed . Now Strauss-Kahn faces another legal battle -- this time the case centers on an investigation into a high-profile prostitution network operating out of luxury hotels in the French city of Lille . In May police French prosecutors have widened the investigation , opening a preliminary inquiry into acts that allegedly took place in Washington , which they believe could constitute gang rape . CNN has yet to hear from Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers about the allegations . When the pimping claims surfaced , in November last year , Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys condemned the allegations as "  unhealthy , sensationalist and not without a political agenda . " His lawyer , Henri Leclerc , acknowledged in an interview with radio station Europe1 that Strauss-Kahn attended sex parties , but says his client was unaware that the women involved were prostitutes . Strauss-Kahn is not allowed to have contact with other people involved in the investigation , nor is he permitted to talk to the media about the case .	Dominique Strauss-Kahn was IMF chief and had been expected to run for French presidency His downfall came with an accusation of sexual assault in a New York hotel , which he denied Now French prosecutors have widened an investigation , with new allegations of gang rape The New York case never saw a courtroom ; DSK denies the allegations in French case
CNN  -- For five years , Taliban militants held Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl captive . They released images of him from time to time . In one piece of footage , he appeared gaunt , eating slowly . In another , the soldier stood next to a bearded man with a gun and looked at the camera for a moment . Bergdahl 's forehead was furrowed , and there appeared to be cuts on his face . Fast forward to late May when the 28-year-old was freed in exchange for five senior Taliban members held by the U.S. military . The news of Bergdahl 's freedom initially was met with jubilation , but it quickly turned as many called for an investigation into his disappearance and captivity . Some critics accused the soldier of deserting his comrades in war . Less than two months later , the Army announced Monday that Bergdahl has completed medical care and mental counseling at an Army hospital in San Antonio . He is going to get back to work , the Army said . The soldier will soon take a desk job at Fort Sam Houston , said U.S. Army North spokesman Don Manuszewski Bergdahl will be assigned to a unit responsible for homeland defense , civil support operations and security cooperation programs involving countries such as Canada , Mexico and the Bahamas . Manuszewski would n't offer any details about what Bergdahl will be doing day to day but said the former captive will not be treated "  any different than any other soldier . " When he 's not in an office , Bergdahl will live in barracks and share a bathroom with other service members . He 'll have his own room , the spokesman said . ` Sponsor ' to help Bergdahl readjust Bergdahl went missing on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded that Bergdahl left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official , who was briefed on the report . But there was no definitive conclusion because that would require knowing Bergdahl 's intent -- something officials could n't learn without talking to him , a U.S. military official has said . The last step in the investigation would likely include hearing Bergdahl 's account . At Fort Sam Houston , Bergdahl will have a "  sponsor " to help him adjust to Army life again , Manuszewski said , which he called routine for anyone new at the post . The Army tries to match people who are of a similar age , with a sponsor sometimes being a few ranks above the post newcomer . The New York Times reported Monday that two soldiers will help Bergdahl readjust to Army life . A lot of stress expected for soldier Just how all this change will feel only Bergdahl will know . But there 's little doubt scrutiny of him will be intense and constant , said M. David Rudd , who specializes in mental health trauma . He is a former dean of the University of Utah 's College of Social and Behavioral Science and was also the president of the American Association of Suicidology . "  The stress level is going to increase dramatically , " said Rudd , who is now the president of the University of Memphis . "  The issue of stigma in the military -- the circumstances that surround his disappearance and the questions raised ... are probably going to provoke significant passions " in other troops . Some fellow soldiers have publicly blasted Bergdahl as a deserter . Longtime war correspondent Mike Boettcher , who has worked in Afghanistan , said he believes Bergdahl is going to have a tough time readjusting . Gunmen kidnapped Boettcher in El Salvador in 1985 , and he struggled to regain his footing after being freed . As a reporter covering emotionally wrenching topics , he felt he had to work extra hard to prove he could handle it . "  What you 're worried about is how other people think of you , " Boettcher told CNN on Monday . "  In my own instance , I felt like people were treating me like a fragile egg . So I felt I had something to prove . " For Bergdahl 's family , there will be change , too . The casualty assistance workers who helped the service member 's relatives during his captivity will conclude their services Monday , Manuszewski said . If Bergdahl 's family members need help , they can call the post and ask for it . "  We are treating him the same way we would treat any other person assigned here , " Manuszewski said . "  If the family called ... we would do what we could to support them . " Col. Timothy Marsano , a spokesman for the family , declined to tell CNN if Bergdahl 's new job assignment had brought any kind of communication between the soldier and his family . Since his release , there has not been a reunion , at least a public one . In mid-June , the FBI said it was investigating threats against Bergdahl 's parents . Bergdahl venturing off-base , rubbing elbows with public Fellow soldiers call Bergdahl a deserter CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl will take desk job at Army post in Texas , military spokesman says Bergdahl has finished therapy at an Army hospital in San Antonio Stress will "  increase dramatically " for soldier , mental health expert says He was released in May after five years in exchange for the U.S. freeing five Taliban members
By any standard , the killings are grisly . With the discovery of the body of an 87-year-old Georgia woman whose disappearance came to light after her husband 's decapitated body was found in their waterfront home , authorities not only want to know who did it , but also why . Shirley Dermond 's body was found in Lake Oconee , south of Athens , Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills told reporters Friday . "  We now , unfortunately , know that Shirley Dermond was murdered , " Sills said . Sills declined to discuss the condition of the body other than to say , "  the head was not removed or anything like that . " Authorities were alerted Friday by two fishermen who spotted what they believed to be a body in the lake , some five or six miles from the couple 's home . The discovery adds an element to the investigation -- the possibility that a boat was a mode of transportation in the killing , Sills said . "  This jumps us about two jumps up on the checkerboard , shall we say , " he said . Dermond 's family is in shock with the news of the discovery of her body , said the Rev. David Key of Lake Oconee Community Church . "  We have n't even had a funeral for Russell because their kids wanted to wait . Now that we know about Shirley , we will start planning the funeral services for both . " From the beginning , investigators treated Dermond 's disappearance as an abduction . Her purse , cell phone and car were all at the couple 's million-dollar waterfront home on Lake Oconee where her husband 's headless body was found . Investigators believe she was taken from her home after her husband , 88-year-old Russell Dermond , was decapitated sometime between May 2 and May 4 . Investigators continue to search for his head , and they plan to look in the same area of the lake where Dermond 's body was found , Sill said . "  Obviously , the head of Mr. Dermond will be quite difficult to locate . " Russell Dermond 's body was discovered in the couple 's garage after friends , who had n't heard from the couple in days , went to their home . The FBI put up more than 100 billboards in its search for the missing woman , and it offered a reward of up to $ 20,000 for information to her location or the arrest of the person responsible for her disappearance . "  The mindset of the individual that did this was a homicidal individual that does n't deserve to breathe the air on this Earth , " Sills said . In the days after Dermond 's disappearance , authorities searched Lake Oconee in the vicinity of the couple 's home -- turning up only a lawn chair and a Christmas tree -- and sent cadaver dogs into the nearby woods , to no avail . Authorities have also spoken to neighbors , family and friends . So far , the investigation has turned up little to shed light on the crimes . Investigators are n't aware of any enemies the couple had made , or any reason someone would target them , Sills said .	Investigators now believe a boat may have been used , the sheriff says Fishermen spotted body Shirley Dermond was reported missing ; her husband was decapitated Couple 's family shocked by news , pastor says
San Diego  CNN  -- They 're baaaaack . With apologies to Mark Twain , it seems that rumors of the death of Mexico 's Institutional Revolutionary Party were greatly exaggerated . In fact , I probably wrote that obituary myself , more than once . That 's how it looked in 2000 , when the Institutional Revolutionary Party , known as PRI , lost the presidency to Vicente Fox of the National Action Party , or PAN . It seemed even more certain in 2006 , when the PRI came in a distant third in the presidential election among the three major parties , behind both the conservative PAN and the leftist Democratic Revolutionary Party , known as PRD . It seemed that the PRI , which controlled the presidency for 71 years and became synonymous with violence and corruption , was on the road to extinction . But the party has made a comeback . As expected , the top vote getter in Mexico 's presidential election on Sunday was PRI candidate Enrique Pea Nieto . The 45-year-old former governor of Mexico 's most populous state , the one with the matinee idol good looks and the movie star wife , got about 38 % of the vote . PRD candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador came in second with about 32 % . The PAN 's Josefina Vazquez Mota got just 25 % . This is despite the fact that Pea Nieto 's public image took a lot of hits during the campaign . In December , the candidate struggled at a literary fair to name three books that had influenced him . When he was criticized for the flub by the country 's intelligentsia , his daughter poured gasoline on the fire by insisting , on Twitter , that the story was driven by class envy . Later , in an interview with a Spanish newspaper , Pea Nieto admitted that he did n't know the price of a package of tortillas . When criticized for being out of touch , he insisted chauvinistically that he was n't "  the woman of the household . " He also admitted in another interview that he was unfaithful to his late wife and fathered two children with two women during his marriage . These tidbits normally tantalize the media . But Mexico 's version of Big Media , led by the gargantuan multimedia company Grupo Televisa , has been a big fan of Pea Nieto . Their cozy relationship was one of the things that , in recent weeks , drove hundreds of thousands of student protesters into the streets to protest the candidate 's likely election and the fact that the elites who run Mexico seemed to be ramrodding Pea Nieto into office . The 132 Movement is Mexico 's liberal version of the tea party , challenging the establishment and determined to be heard . Even former President Vicente Fox crossed party lines and endorsed Pea Nieto , against the PAN 's own candidate , Vazquez Mota . That maneuver only solidified the cynical view of many Mexicans that the fix was in , and that the two major parties are more alike than different . Still , many voters fell in line . Now , after 12 years of being on the outside , the PRI-istas are back in power . Not that they were ever far from it . At various times in the last decade , even when it did n't hold the presidency , the PRI kept control of the Mexican Congress . The party also used this control to thwart reforms pushed by Fox and his successor , Felipe Calderon . As many Mexicans see it , the PRI was always plotting its retaking of the presidency , even as it overhauled its brand and tried to overcome a legacy of corruption . Has that legacy been overcome ? It 's hard to say . Some Mexicans seem willing to believe that this is not their father 's PRI and that the party of today bears no resemblance to the one that was run from office a dozen years ago . But the more common view seems to be that , despite the makeover , the party is as corrupt as ever -- a fact that voters seem willing to overlook if it can steer the country to safer and more tranquil waters . Judging from what they 're telling reporters , Mexicans are looking for a leader to grow the economy , turn Mexico into a first-world country , and , most of all , stop a war with the drug cartels that has in the last 5 1/2 years resulted in the deaths of more than 50,000 Mexicans . That is the PRI 's promise . The party racked up major victories in the 2009 midterm elections by insisting that it could provide prosperity and security . That 's code for : "  Elect us , and we 'll stop the drug war . " But can it deliver ? I doubt it . What started nearly six years ago as an offensive by the government against the drug cartels has now morphed into a messy turf war between rival gangs eager to gobble up the country one city at a time . My sense is that the PRI could n't stop the war , even if it wanted to . Besides , if you listen to what Pea Nieto has been saying in the last several weeks about combating drug violence , it sounds like what the Mexican people typically hear from Calderon . Consequently , most experts do n't expect a dramatic shift in the drug war or how the government goes about fighting it . Shortly after winning , Pea Nieto told the Financial Times that while he is committed to reducing the violence , "  There will be no pact or truce with organized crime . " For those of us who believe that this is a righteous cause and a battle worth fighting , one that affects countless lives on both sides of the border , that 's good news . Meanwhile , we 'll have to wait and see whether the election of Pea Nieto turns out to be good news for Mexico . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Projections show Enrique Pea Nieto of PRI will become Mexico 's next president Ruben Navarrette : Mexicans are aware that the PRI may be as corrupt as ever He says voters can overlook PRI 's legacy of corruption if the party can provide security Navarrette : We 'll have to wait and see if Pea Nieto will be a good leader for Mexico
CNN  -- Actor Martin Freeman is known for his memorable roles as Bilbo Baggins in the "  The Hobbit " and Tim Canterbury in the BBC 's "  The Office . " Those universes collided when Freeman hosted this weekend 's episode of "  Saturday Night Live , " bringing viewers to "  The Office : Middle Earth . " What does life hold beyond the Shire for Baggins ? "  What have I been up to ? I went on a quest to save Middle Earth , I became a bit of a hero , " he tells the camera in the documentary style of the long-running comedy series . "  Did the noble thing and turned down loads of treasure so that brave hobbit Bilbo Baggins now works at a paper company . " Evidence of both worlds imbues "  The Office : Middle Earth . " Gandalf is the obnoxious boss who subjects a staff of dwarves , elves and orcs to inappropriate jokes . Baggins flirts with elfish receptionist Tauriel , who helps him prank gullible deskmate and nemesis Gollum . "  You do n't choose the people you work with , " he tells the camera . He also drives a Jetta , in case you were wondering . Watch the video below and see what else you missed . Another highlight from Freeman 's turn as host included a skit mocking the CIA torture report through the lens of Charlie Rose . Did you catch the episode ? Let us know what you thought of it in the comments .	Martin Freeman 's memorable roles come to life on "  Saturday Night Live " "  The Office : Middle Earth " portrays Bilbo Baggins at work for a paper company "  You do n't choose the people you work with , " Baggins tells the camera
CNN  -- Japanese teenager Yuzuku Hanyu survived two falls to emerge on top of a tense and error-ridden finale to the men 's figure skating competition at the Winter Olympics in Sochi Friday . The 19-year-old had set a world-record score in the short program , but under pressure of expectation in the concluding free routine appeared to have blown his chances as he failed to land two jumps . However , there was drama still to come on day seven of the Games as three-time world champion Patrick Chan of Canada once again saw his dreams of Olympic gold crumble . A lackluster display littered with mistakes saw Chan fail to overhaul Hanyu , who was left as a relieved winner -- Japan 's first in the event as the country opened its gold-medal account in Sochi . He is the youngest winner of the figure skating competition at a Winter Games for 66 years . "  I 'm so proud of this feat as a Japanese , " he said . "  The Olympics is so wild and unpredictable . I 've never been this nervous for a competition in my entire life . I 'm upset with the performance I had , but I left everything I had out there . " The 101.45 points Hanyu accrued in such incredible style Thursday gave him sufficient buffer to take the gold with a total of 280.09 . Chan took silver on 275.62 points , but it will be little consolation with ultimate triumph within his grasp . Denis Ten of Kazakhstan won the bronze . Chan admitted he had felt the pressure in bidding for Canada 's first gold of the Games . "  We 're all human . Even  snowboard star  Shaun White makes mistakes . Unfortunately , I made one too many , " the 23-year-old said . Russia 's main hope , Yevgeny Plushenko , had to pull out before the start of the short program after damaging his back in the warmup . Swiss upsets the odds Earlier Friday , the upsets continued in the alpine skiing competition as Switzerland 's Sandro Viletta took the men 's super-combined title . The 28-year-old had never won a medal in a major championship and had won just a single World Cup event . But his combined time of two minutes 45.20 seconds over the downhill and slalom runs gave him gold . "  This is amazing -- it 's perfect , it 's more than a dream come true . It 's also a big shock . I did n't think I would come first , " he said . Croatian veteran Ivica Kostelic finished second , 0.34 seconds behind Viletta , to claim his fourth Olympic silver and third in the combined . He was competing on a slalom course set by his father , who also coaches him . All the coaches of the top-15 ranked skiers go into a lottery to decide who will can lay out the course and Ante Kostelic won the draw . Italy 's Christof Innerhofer followed his silver in Sunday 's downhill by claiming the bronze medal . He had only praise for the course designer , despite finishing behind his son . "  I thank Ante Kostelic for setting a good course , " he said . But defending champion Bode Miller never recovered after a disappointing downhill run and finished sixth while world champion and U.S. compatriot Ted Ligety trailed home 12th . The variable ski conditions may have worked against the favorites , as Ligety suggested after his disappointing performance . "  They really make for funky results . You can see the results sheet so far . It 's far from the World Cup result sheets , " he said . "  But we all have to ski and deal with it . There are no excuses . " French hope Alexis Pinturault , like Ligety a dominant force on the World Cup , also finished outside the top 10 . More Swiss success Double gold was also a strong theme on day seven of competition , with Dario Cologna making it a great day for Switzerland by winning the 15 km classic in the cross-country nordic skiing discipline . It was a successful defense of the title he won in Vancouver and followed his earlier triumph in the 30 km skiathlon in Sochi . Cologna came into the Games off the back of injury problems , and his performances have taken him by surprise . "  It 's amazing . I could n't believe the first gold medal , after being injured , and now the second . It was the perfect race . I knew it would be hard and I was prepared for it , " he said . Belarus gold double Darya Domracheva from Belarus made it two golds in three days with victory in the women 's 15 km individual biathlon race . She took the bronze in Vancouver but stepped up to the top of the podium in Sochi , beating Switzerland 's Selina Gasparin into second place , with compatriot Nadezhda Skardino in third . Domracheva took the women 's pursuit title Tuesday on Tuesday and was in unbeatable form again , particularly in the shooting section of the competition . Belarus later picked up its second gold of the day as 34-year-old Alla Tsuper , competing in her fifth Winter Games , finally found her way to the top of the podium in the women 's freestyle aerials competition . Tsuper had never finished higher than fifth in her previous attempts but with a total score of 98.01 she was flying high . Mengtao Xu of China took the silver , while defending champion Lydia Lassila of Australia won bronze . Tsuper took two years out to start a family but came back to competition better than ever . "  I had a break for two years . I returned to the sport to have one more chance to have a medal . That was a dream , " she said . Yarnold the new skeleton queen Britain continued its domination of women 's skeleton as Lizzy Yarnold took the title won by compatriot Amy Williams four years ago . Former track and field athlete Yarnold held the lead from the first run Thursday at the Slanki Sliding Center and finished nearly a second clear of Noelle Pikus-Pace of the United States over four sessions . Elena Nikitina took the bronze for host nation Russia . "  I do n't think it 's going to sink in for a long time , " said Yarnold , who had to endure some nervous moments at the start of her final run . "  It was a messy fourth run but I just relaxed and enjoyed it . I wanted to do myself justice and show the world what I could do . "	Yuzuru Hanyu wins men 's free skating gold despite making errors Double gold for Darya Domracheva and Dario Cologna Lizzy Yarnold maintains British dominance in skeleton racing Sandro Viletta of Switzerland surprise winner of men 's super combined
CNN  -- I got married the Saturday before Labor Day . My partner Jen and I had been a couple for nearly nine years and living together for six . Which is why the most frequent refrain she and I heard all weekend was , "  It 's about time ! " So why , after all these years , did we decide to tie the knot ? Well , it has something to do with gay marriage . We live in Seattle , Washington . Ever since the voters of our state enacted marriage equality in a 2012 referendum , dozens of friends have entered into same-sex marriages . Many had been together for years or even decades but rushed to get the seal of the state on their unions . What has struck me about this boomlet of connubial bliss -- a steady parade of weddings with double white dresses or double tuxedos , and all the traditional trappings and rituals -- is that something very deeply American is happening : We are using progress to conserve an institution . And/or : We are conserving something to make progress . I 'd supported Referendum 74 and spoken out in favor of it . The argument I 'd made most often was that interracial marriage had once been illegal , and a ban on same-sex marriage was similarly unjust and repugnant . The analogy seemed direct , and the need for straight allies of color to stand up for marriage equality seemed urgent . After the campaign , watching all these couples who 'd fought for recognition finally achieve it and joyfully claim it , I was stirred by something other than social justice . I began to appreciate more deeply what marriage truly means , why it matters , and how the experience of a ceremony and a public commitment -- to say nothing of the shared life that 's thereby transformed -- is so necessary . Now , to be sure , there were some visceral reasons why Jen and I had for so long stuck with cohabitation and "  practically married " status . Each of us had been married once before , and the endings had left us both a little wary . What helped get us over that wariness was in part the passage of time and the strengthening of our bond as we experienced life together , for better and worse . Part of it too was the catalytic example of our gay and lesbian friends , neighbors and colleagues . They showed us that marriage is different . That "  wife " and "  husband " are different from "  partner " or "  girlfriend/boyfriend . " That vows spoken publicly are different from assurances whispered privately . That if fear should block us from exercising a right like the right to marry , then we should consider how it 'd feel to be denied the right altogether . That the reason this institution is vital is that in the end it 's not about rights ; it 's about responsibility -- of one spouse to the other ; of the couple to their people , and vice versa . Opponents of marriage equality have claimed that letting gays and lesbians marry would devalue marriage , subvert its purposes , lead to the collapse of families . In poll after poll , across the country , the anti-equality advocates are losing . More importantly , though , in state after state , they 're being proven wrong . Marriage today has a new glow to it , a vibrancy that comes with the entry of all these same-sex newcomers . It 's akin to the way that immigrants have revitalized dying rural towns and neglected urban neighborhoods , injecting new blood , new money , and new energy into dilapidated structures . Eight days before we spoke our vows in front of family and friends , Jen and I went to the courthouse . Our friend who performed the legal wedding there is a justice of the Washington State Supreme Court . Since the passage of marriage equality she 's been the go-to judge for same-sex weddings . There are two reasons why . One , she is lesbian and a pioneer in the legal community . Two , her name is Mary Yu . When someone named Mary Yu marries you , things feel right . And when our big wedding ceremony a week later concluded with vows that all our people made to us , the larger implications of marriage equality became vividly clear . Far from subverting or undermining the institution of marriage , gays and lesbians are fortifying it . Not just by forming their own families . But also by giving people like me and Jen the courage to remake ours . So yes , I speak stoutly in defense of marriage -- marriage for all -- and I do so because I am grateful to be reminded by those once excluded what a powerful thing it is to join the matrimonial tribe .	Eric Liu : My longtime partner , Jen , and I finally got married before Labor Day Liu : So why , after nearly nine years , did we decide to tie the knot ? He says seeing many friends fight so hard for same-sex marriage rights was inspiring Liu : I began to appreciate what marriage truly means and why it 's so important
CNN  -- Former military leader Abdel Fattah el-Sisi took the oath of president Sunday and was greeted by a stock market rally of 4.7 % . This move to military rule is seen as a path to stability and predictability that investors are craving for -- the EGX-30 is up over 75 % in the past 12 months and a whopping 137 % since the low point at the end of 2011 . But make no doubt about it , the country 's former military chief has a steep hill to climb to get Egypt 's economy back on track . Unemployment , the budget deficit and inflation are currently running between 11-13 % , making it difficult for el-Sisi to maneuver . The president and his new cabinet will need to push forward with structural and tax reforms to attract foreign direct investment . He has hired external consultants to advise on jump-starting growth , which closed out the 4th quarter of 2013 with a meager expansion of just under 1.5 % . Alia Moubayed , Director of MENA Research for Barclays said on a recent visit to the Middle East that "  investors are worried about the ability of having a president and government that will be able to build consensus around reforms . " Companies want to be able to tap the region 's most populous country of 85 million consumers , but according to Moubayed they worry those efforts may be "  further interrupted by political volatility and instability . " Monetary insurance There are a trio of countries that have stepped in to provide a monetary insurance policy for Egypt . They have been so active since the ouster of former President Mohamed Morsi that they are now referred to as the GCC-3  Gulf Cooperation Council  or G-3 . Saudi Arabia , Kuwait and the UAE share two common traits : A disdain for the Muslim Brotherhood  and its affiliates in the Gulf  and vast oil surplus funds to try and solve political challenges . Together they have pumped in an initial $ 12 billion and there is a great deal of talk in the market that they are prepared to do so again if needed . As of the end of April , Egypt 's foreign exchange reserves stood at $ 17.5 billion -- a three-month supply . They are eager to manage this period of transition to try and provide both the infrastructure and governance for sustainable growth . This year , UAE-based developer Arabtec signed a $ 40 billion agreement to build low income housing in Egypt , and the government put in another $ 5 billion to construct wheat silos to reduce wastage of their grain crops . These governments and their entities , sources say , do n't plan to be the lenders of last resort forever and this time they may not have to . Last Thursday , IMF managing director Christine Lagarde talked on the phone with el-Sisi and expressed her organization 's commitment to helping the country in its transition period . The sticking point over the last three years of "  on again , off again " talks has been a willingness to bite the bullet on economic reforms . After the Arab Spring chaos , this may be the former military leader 's toughest test . He needs to illustrate to his Gulf partners and the IMF he has the mettle to deliver painful reforms and keep Egyptians on his side .	Stock markets rallied as Abdel Fattah el-Sisi assumed Egypt 's presidency Move to military rule seen as path to stability and predictability that investors in Egypt are craving for El-Sisi has to deal with high unemployment , inflation and a budget deficit
Editor 's Note : Fernando Espuelas is the host and managing editor of Caf Espuelas , a Los Angeles Spanish-language radio talk show and a media entrepreneur . Fernando Espuelas says it was a mistake for Latino voters to support Proposition 8 's gay marriage ban . LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- It 's a done deal : Proposition 8 , making same-sex marriage illegal in California , has been approved by voters . The constitution of the state was amended to take away rights recognized by the California Supreme Court under the equal protection clause of the California constitution just this May . And Latinos were in the vanguard , providing critical support for the passage of Prop 8 . For the past few weeks , Latinos have called in to my radio show , horrified at the idea of same-sex marriage . Callers said they would vote for Obama for change -- and for Proposition 8 . They told me that the future of their family was at stake . Biblical passages were quoted , divinely inspired indignation given voice . The vision of a collapsed society , where men abandon their wives in droves to "  become gay , " ' consumed these callers . Is this simply a case of cognitive dissonance ? By now , the media has reported the importance of the Latino vote to Obama 's win in such key states as Florida , New Mexico , and Colorado . President-elect Obama , by some early estimates , garnered the largest share of the Latino vote of any candidate in history , carrying it by more than 2 to 1 over John McCain . In spite of what seems to be sweeping approval for a progressive agenda , Latino support of Prop. 8 has exposed an entrenched bias against homosexuality at once profound and confounding . Perhaps because of the teachings of the Roman Catholic priests and now the evangelical preachers who have captured many Latinos ' devotional intensity ; or simply because of the macho albatross we all carry as part of our Latino heritage , the very idea of gay marriage is anathema to many in the Latino community . The fight for civil rights in America -- from the abolition of slavery in 1865 , through the battle for a woman 's right to vote , to the Civil Rights Act of 1964 -- has been long , fierce , and steady . Politicians from both parties never tire of telling us that a metaphorical Liberty Bell rings brightly , as it does in no other country in the world . Yet even as civil rights in America have come so far , Latinos still suffer keenly under the heel of oppression . Everyday , I feel the blow of news reports about Latinos struggling against dark odds in our country : the immigrant mother forgotten in a jail cell for four days without food , water , or a toilet ; slaughterhouse workers herded like the cattle they process into an Immigration and Customs Enforcement bus . Maricopa County , Arizona , Sheriff Joe Arpaio , who has attacked the immigration conundrum with zeal , is being sued by Latino human rights organizations for allegedly demanding proof of citizenship from anyone who looks Latino , and even from people listening to Spanish-language radio in their cars . The irony of Latino support for Prop. 8 is sad . That a community that continues to struggle for basic rights would deny them to another is particularly baffling . A marginalized minority -- Latinos -- voting to take away the rights of another marginalized group -- gays and lesbians -- is like the kid who 's picked on in the third grade and only makes some headway when a punier kid comes along to take the punches instead . Throughout this campaign , in an avalanche of Spanish-language commercials , Latinos were exhorted to vote "  Yes " on Prop 8 . A calm voice -- a voice that could be selling baby wipes or low-fat cookies -- told us that we should check yes "  for the good of our families , " that we must save everything that is good and decent about America . Take away the civil rights of gays and lesbians so that we can be safe . But safe from what ? The low-fat cookie voice of the radio commercial did not really say . Latinos were asked not just to look away as these rights would be withdrawn , but to actively vote for the demolition of someone else 's family . We were implored to look at "  them " as the unredeemable "  aliens " that must be expurgated from our society . And we did . Once you start the process of taking away other peoples ' fundamental rights -- like food and water in a jail cell , or the right to drive and listen to whatever music you like -- you must ask yourself where to draw the line , and who will draw it ? What -- and whose -- rights will be next on the chopping block ? As Martin Luther King Jr. said , "  Injustice anywhere is injustice everywhere . " You 'd think that as Latinos , proud and strong and willing to fight for our own rights , - we 'd refuse to turn against the "  punier kid , " would n't you ? That we might in fact stand up for that kid , tell the bullies to back off , the same way we told the bullies of racism and "  the real America " to take a hike -- and in the process carried Obama to triumph . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fernando Espuelas .	Fernando Espuelas : Latino voters provided critical support for Prop. 8 He says the ban on same-sex marriage violates basic civil rights Espuelas : By taking away rights , a minority group threatens its own liberties
CNN  -- Portugal 's Sergio Paulinho won stage 10 to hand Lance Armstrong 's RadioShack team their first victory in the Tour de France . Paulinho narrowly held off Vasil Kiryienka of Belarus after both riders launched a bid for the line with 14km of the stage remaining . The peloton never threatened to go with the pair and rolled in at their leisure , with Paulinho becoming the first Portuguese stage winner since Acacio Da Silva in 1989 . It brought some comfort to his RadioShack team , led by American Lance Armstrong , who conceded his chances of winning the Tour disappeared over the weekend . Andy Schleck 's overall lead was never threatened during the 179km stage from Chambery to Gap , while the home crowd could not celebrate a local winner in sweltering temperatures on Bastille Day . Britain 's Mark Cavendish led the peloton home and finished ninth grabbing 12 points in the green jersey standings . Italy 's Alessandro Petacchi came tenth . The top ten riders in the general classification standings were unchanged meaning race leader Andy Schleck made sure he retained the yellow jersey for another day . Paulinho , who won a silver medal at the 2004 Olympics in the road race , was part of a six-man break and only a determined sprint prevented Kiryienka picking up Belarus ' first ever Tour win . "  It was a close sprint but the most important thing is to win and so this moment , for me and my team , is a good one , " Paulinho told the official Tour de France website . "  I hope that in the coming days the team can achieve a few more victories . "  For me this victory is more important than the silver medal in the Olympic Games . This is the best race in the world and to win one stage in the Tour is the pinnacle of what a cyclist can achieve . " Overall leader Schleck was pleased with a comfortable day in the saddle : "  It was quite an easy day even if it was fast at the beginning . It was a breakaway day so we took it kind of easy behind . "  Okay , there was a lot of wind so the team had to do some work all the way to Gap but it was n't too stressful . I had a little bit of time to enjoy my first day in the yellow jersey . "  It was not a day for me to do anything . Even if it was quite up and down , there was nothing for me to achieve . "	Portugal 's Sergio Paulinho wins stage ten of the Tour de France Paulinho hands Lance Armstrong 's RadioShack team their first Tour victory The top ten riders in the general classification standings were unchanged after stage ten
CNN  -- Russian troops advanced out of two breakaway Georgian regions on Monday as the outnumbered and underequipped troops from the former Soviet republic retreated to defend the capital of Tbilisi . Georgian soldiers on a tank watch a Russian attack on a convoy outside Gori on Monday . If Russia brings its full military might to bear on its former satellite state , the Georgian military could find itself overcome quickly . Jane 's Information Group , the British-based defense publications and military intelligence company , shows the Georgian military would be trying to hold off a force more than 20 times its size . Russia has about 641,000 in its armed forces , 320,000 of whom are in the army -- most of them conscripts who traditionally fare poorly against a motivated opponent , according to Jane 's . Low morale , poor management , inefficiency and inflexibility are cited as problems by Jane 's . Watch how Russia takes over Georgian city " About 26,000 are in the Georgian military , and about 17,000 of them are in the army , which has had the benefit of four years of training by the U.S. Marines , Army and Special Forces , according to Jane 's . Georgia has been trying to form a professional military force and by the end of next year expected to have only a small number of conscripts in its main force , Jane 's said . Those forces would be using almost all Soviet-era weaponry . The Tbilisi government has been seeking western armaments but has been told by Washington that forces must be able to use the old weapons proficiently before they get new ones , Jane 's reported . Even with those old weapons , Georgia does n't have much to work with . Its best tanks are Soviet-era T-72s , of which it has about 80 , according to Jane 's . The Georgian army has about 150 armored personnel carriers and infantry fighting vehicles and a similar number of artillery pieces . The sharp end of the Georgian air force consists of seven aging Su-25 ground attack fighters and seven attack helicopters , according to Jane 's . Russia 's weaponry is formidable . It has about 7,000 tanks , 7,000 infantry fighting vehicles and armored personnel carriers and thousands of pieces of artillery , Jane 's reports . In the air , Russia can bring 650 multirole or ground attack aircraft to the battle , as well as 500 attack helicopters . Georgia has 150 surface-to-air missiles to use in the fight , according to Jane 's . Of course , Russia 's military is spread across a country of 10.58 million square miles  17 million square kilometers  , 243 times the size of Georgia . It is not known how many or which of its forces are fighting in Georgia .	Russia has about 641,000 in its armed forces ; Georgia has about 26,900 Russia 's conscript forces plagued by low morale , poor management Georgia 's military trained by U.S. since 2002
CNN  -- The incredible discovery of the Higgs boson will open up new ways of probing the part of the universe that is invisible to our everyday senses : beyond ordinary matter , into the extraordinary world of dark matter . It is n't often that you get to be physically present at an historic occasion , but I was at CERN on July 4 when scientists at the Large Hadron Collider announced the discovery of the Higgs boson particle . Hundreds of young physicists had camped out from the previous night just to get good seats at the technical seminars proclaiming the discovery . What we witnessed was the first solid evidence for the particle that explains how other particles like electrons and quarks get to be massive . Part of the excitement stems from the fact that the Higgs boson is the final piece in an extremely elaborate puzzle : the Standard Model of particle physics . This boringly named theory has loomed triumphantly over physics for the past 40 years , withstanding all experimental challenges . With this final piece in place , we can justifiably say that we understand the behavior of ordinary matter -- the atoms and molecules that make up ourselves and our everyday world . Much more of the excitement , however , had a deeper basis : if the Higgs is the final chapter in one story , it 's also the prologue to our next adventure . This is true literally as well as figuratively . See also : What is the Higgs boson and why is it important ? As successful as the Standard Model has been , we know it 's not the final answer to how the universe works . Strong evidence comes from the existence of dark matter : mysterious , invisible stuff that adds up to five times as much mass as the ordinary atoms and particles in the universe . We know enough about dark matter to be sure that it 's not just some kind of ordinary matter that is hiding in the shadows . It is something truly new , something we have n't yet directly seen here on Earth . But we 're trying . Multiple experiments are underway to look for the dark matter particles we think are all around us . Not only are they "  dark , " these particles hardly interact with ordinary matter at all . It 's possible , even likely , that millions of them pass through your body every second . It 's like a city with two populations , each speaking a different language , and no translators or bilingual interpreters . The two groups of people go about their separate lives , never directly speaking with each other . Likewise , in our galaxy , dark matter and ordinary matter pass right through each other all the time . The Higgs boson could be the bilingual particle we 've been looking for . We do n't know exactly what the dark matter is , but we certainly have our favorite theories . In many of those models , the Higgs is the one particle that readily interacts both with ordinary protons and neutrons and also with dark matter . See also : The woman at the edge of physics There are several experiments currently running with the goal of detecting dark matter . Typically they are deep underground , shielded from cosmic rays and other sources of noise , kept in environments that are as quiet as possible . Dark matter particles are able to penetrate through the Earth and pass right through the detector . Most do so unmolested , but occasionally we 'll get lucky and one will interact with the nucleus of an atom , leaving a bit of energy behind . Our best theoretical guess is that the way that interaction will happen is through the exchange of Higgs bosons . Knowing something about the Higgs will be enormously helpful in figuring out the implications if one of these experiments finds a strong dark-matter signal -- something we 're hopeful could happen in the near future . We 're not just waiting around for dark matter to be detected , either . Now that we 've found the Higgs , we can start studying its properties in detail . How is it made ? How does it decay ? Are its properties those predicted by the Standard Model , or are there hints of something new going on ? If everything breaks just right , we may be able to produce dark matter directly at the Large Hadron Collider . It wo n't be easy , precisely because dark matter interacts so weakly . Even if you make it , it 's hard to be sure , because the antisocial dark matter particles tend to zip out of your experiment without leaving any trace behind . But once we better understand the Higgs and the particles it decays into , we might be able to infer the presence of dark matter just by process of elimination , by pinpointing events in which more energy went into the collision than we detected coming out . Even though it was n't discovered until 2012 , the Higgs boson was proposed back in 1964 . It is very much a child of the 20th century . In particle physics and cosmology , the 21st century promises discoveries that will help illuminate the dark universe around us . That 's the great thing about history being made : you know things are different now , but you ca n't be sure where you 're going to go next . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sean Carroll .	Discovery of Higgs boson can help us find dark matter particles , says physicist Sean Carroll Dark matter is mysterious , invisible and passes through ordinary matter Higgs boson could interact both with ordinary protons and neutrons and also with dark matter Carroll says it may be possible to produce dark matter at the Large Hadron Collider
CNN  -- The saying goes that a bad workman blames his tools but Roger Federer refused to pin a shock defeat in Hamburg on his new racquet . Federer , who is experimenting with a larger tennis racquet at the German tennis championships , was stunned in the semi-finals by qualifier Federico Delbonis , the world no. 114 . "  He was better than me , " said Federer , who lost a tight match 7-6  9-7  7-6  7-4  to the Argentine . "  I do n't think it had much to do with the racquet . "  Both sets could have gone either way . It 's clearly a pity I could n't win either of the sets because I was starting to feel better towards the end of the match . "  Unfortunately I could n't push him further and create more chances . "  I tried everything I could at this tournament . It 's been a difficult week . " Federer entered the Hamburg clay-court tournament to try and rediscover some form after a dismal Wimbledon . The Swiss winner of a record 17 grand slams made a shock second-round exit at the All England Club championships at the hands of 116th ranked Sergiy Stakhovsky . Part of his plan to get back to his best has been a decision to play with a larger 98-inch square frame racquet -- eight inches larger than his previous racquet . Explaining his decision to try out the racquet in Hamburg earlier this week , Federer said on the ATP Tour website : "  I 've been very close on numerous occasions to changing racquets in a bigger way . "  But then very often , time was the issue . Maybe also just the records of grand slams - I was always keeping on playing quarters and semis - so then it was also a bit more difficult to change it because of the time . "  After I lost at Wimbledon , I thought this is a good time to go and test the racquets , to take a bit of time off and then add some tournaments and see was there enough time to change or not . "  I 'm happy I did the change and now we 'll see how it goes . " Federer -- who dropped from third to fifth in the world rankings after his Wimbledon loss -- will now head home to Switzerland to play at Gstaad next week . Delbonis now faces Fabio Fognini for the Hamburg title after the Italian beat Spain 's Nicolas Almagro 6-4 7-6  7-1  .	Roger Federer loses in the semi-finals of the German Tennis Championships Federer beaten by world No. 114 Argentine Federico Delbonis in straight sets The Swiss 17-time grand slam winner is trialling a new racquet with a larger frame Federer said early Wimbledon exit was a good time to make the switch
CNN  -- Neil Patrick Harris wo n't have to wait for it -- a Tony nomination , that is . Harris , Bryan Cranston , Tony Shalhoub and Tyne Daly are among the familiar names who received nods for the highest honor of the Broadway stage . The nominations for the 2014 Tony Awards were announced Tuesday morning . Harris earned a nomination for his performance in "  Hedwig and the Angry Inch , " which received eight nominations -- second only to "  A Gentleman 's Guide to Love & Murder , " which received 10 . Among them is a pick for best revival of a musical for the show itself . Neil Patrick Harris , as Hedwig , curses at fan Cranston was nominated for his performance as President Lyndon Johnson in Robert Schenkkan 's "  All the Way . " It was one of just two nominations the play received , but the other was also big : best play . Bryan Cranston , man of the moment Shalhoub was nominated for "  Act One , " and Daly was nominated for "  Mothers and Sons . " Not all well-known names came off as well . The musical version of Woody Allen 's film "  Bullets Over Broadway " received six nominations but was ignored for best musical , though Allen himself earned a nomination for best book  script  of the show . The Oscar-winning movie "  Rocky , " which was also turned into a musical , received four nominations , but its biggest pick was for best actor in a musical , for Andy Karl 's performance as Rocky Balboa . The nominees for best musical are "  After Midnight , " "  Aladdin "  an adaptation of the 1992 Disney film  , "  Beautiful -- The Carole King Musical " and "  A Gentleman 's Guide to Love & Murder . " "  Aladdin , " "  Beautiful " and "  Gentleman 's Guide " also earned nominations for best book ; "  Aladdin " and "  Gentleman 's Guide " are both up for original score as well . "  Gentleman 's Guide " is a musical version of the 1949 Alec Guinness comedy "  Kind Hearts and Coronets . " Like Guinness , star Jefferson Mays plays multiple roles . He 's had experience : Mays won a Tony for playing several roles in the 2003 play "  I Am My Own Wife . " The nominees for best play are James Lapine 's "  Act One , " based on the Moss Hart memoir ; Schenkkan 's "  All the Way " ; Harvey Fierstein 's "  Casa Valentina " ; Terrence McNally 's "  Mothers and Sons " ; and John Patrick Shanley 's "  Outside Mullingar . " The nominees for best revival of a play are "  The Cripple of Inishmaan , " "  The Glass Menagerie , " "  A Raisin in the Sun " and "  Twelfth Night . " "  Raisin " and "  Twelfth Night " were among those on top of the acting nominations , with LaTanya Richardson Jackson , Sophie Okonedo and Anika Noni Rose earning nods for "  Raisin " and Samuel Barnett , Paul Chahidi , Stephen Fry and Mark Rylance doing so for Shakespeare 's comedy . Notable by their absences : Denzel Washington , who plays the lead role in "  Raisin " ; Daniel Radcliffe , one of the stars of "  Inishmaan " ; Zachary Quinto , whose performance in "  Menagerie " was overlooked ; and pals Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen , whose rotating bill of "  Waiting for Godot " and "  No Man 's Land " was completely ignored . And , The New York Times observed , the biggest box-office hit of the season , the revival of Harold Pinter 's "  Betrayal " starring real-life couple Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz , was also shut out . However , fans of "  Frozen " can rejoice : That film 's great singing star , Idina Menzel , was nominated for lead actress in a musical for "  If/Then . " "  Let It Go " ? Hardly . The 2014 Tony Awards , presented by The Broadway League and the American Theatre Wing , are scheduled for Sunday , June 8 , on CBS . Hugh Jackman will host .	Neil Patrick Harris , Bryan Cranston , Carole King musical among Tony nominees "  Gentleman 's Guide to Love & Murder " leads all nominees with 10 nods Not on Tony 's list : Denzel Washington , Daniel Radcliffe , Ian McKellen , Patrick Stewart Tony Awards set for June 8
CNN  Durban 's beachfront promenade was whipped by thin sheets of rain as Stan Engelbrecht and Nic Grobler sat at a seaside caf to have breakfast . Coffee was in order . The two photographers were still trying to shake off their morning tiredness , having just arrived at the coastal city after cycling some 1,600 kilometers from Kimberley , a town at the heart of South Africa . "  Just as the coffee arrived , I saw this guy fly by with no shirt on , riding this strange-looking bike , " recalls Engelbrecht . "  Nic and I just looked at each other and it was like , ` we 've got to get this guy ! ' Nic just said ` go , go , go , ' so I jumped on my bike and started chasing him in the rain . " It took more than seven kilometers and several screams before Engelbrecht finally managed to catch up with the shirtless rider -- named Brandan Searle -- and talk to him . "  He stopped and allowed me to get his photograph and do a quick interview with him , " says Engelbrecht . "  He was on his way to work -- he works as a gym instructor -- but he told me an amazing story ; he 'd been traveling the world with that exact bike . " That story and photograph can be found in "  Bicycle Portraits , " an image-led three-book series by Engelbrecht and Grobler documenting South Africa 's bicycle commuter culture . Starting in 2010 , the two friends and bike enthusiasts were keen to explore who cycles in the country and how their bicycles fit into their daily life . "  We decided just to get on our bikes and cycle around and see who we would meet , " says Engelbrecht . "  It happened organically , " adds Grobler , 34 . "  We did n't set out with a strict plan of what we wanted to do ... We were thinking maybe we 'll be working on it for six months . " Read this : Cape Town draped in color for ` slave ' carnival Instead , Grobler and Engelbrecht ended up spending over three years on the project , cycling thousands of kilometers across South Africa -- from big urban centers , through steep hills and mountains , to small towns and rural areas . Along their journeys , they 'd speak to , photograph and sometimes even ride together with the cyclists they 'd meet on the road , people who used their bikes not for recreation but as an everyday way of transport -- everyone from die-hard commuters to people making a living from their makeshift bicycles . Engelbrecht and Grobler say these "  brave " and "  inspirational " individuals , are defying dangerous roads and social prejudices by making the everyday decision to use bicycles to get around . "  In South Africa there 's no culture of commuting by bicycle , " says Engelbrecht . "  Some of the friends that we made were really colorful and interesting people , very eccentric I would say , " he adds . "  It 's really an alternative choice to ride a bicycle -- it 's often a choice that comes out of necessity because of the rising costs of transport and in fact people have to travel long distances to get to work . Often people live in townships and they work in the cities where it 's actually very far from their home . " Grobler and Engelbrecht , who turned to crowdsourcing website Kickstarter to fund their project , say that riding a bicycle themselves helped them create an instant bond with the cyclists they 'd encounter , allowing different people from all walks of life to open up to them and have a friendly discussion . "  There is a pride around having and using a bicycle , especially because in South Africa it 's not being used as much for commuting , " says Grobler . "  It kind of felt like you get a different holistic image of the country , after hanging out one on one with everyday people , " he adds . "  A very different image of the country , of the situation and the state of racial interactions and political interactions ... than you get from , say , reading the newspaper or always being aware of the extremes . " The photographic project was published in December 2012 , yet that did n't signal the end of Grobler and Engelbracht 's journey . Since then , they have been on their bikes again , cycling back to meet the people featured in the books in order to give them a copy . "  It was a very natural thing to do , " explains Grobler . "  We never felt that the right thing was to pay anybody for their time or taking their photo -- that 'd be kind of compromising the integrity of it , " he adds . "  As far as our project goes , it 's probably the best part of the experience . " Engelbrecht agrees . "  It 's very rewarding being able to go back to someone and say , ` remember I met you two years ago , I took your photo and this is what I did with it , ' " he says . The two photographers have so far gone back to about 70 % of the people they 'd photographed and are still planning to visit the remainder 30 % . "  People 's reactions are always very positive , " says Engelbrecht . "  They feel very proud , they really love it , it 's a nice feeling to make someone feel so proud and also ... when you 're able to give them a copy of the book , they can see themselves amongst other South Africans that have a similar interest to them . And also the stories -- you can read a lot about other people 's personal history and culture and socioeconomic background , it 's just very interesting for these people . " Click through the gallery above to read excerpts of stories by the cyclists featured in the "  Bicycle Portraits . "	` Bicycle Portraits ' documents South Africa 's cycling culture The three books show people depending on bikes for everyday transport Stan Engelbrecht and Nic Grobler cycled 10,000 kilometers for project They are now revisiting the cyclists they photographed
CNN  -- Actress Salma Hayek has been named a knight of the Legion of Honour in France , according to an official government publication . Hayek , 45 , is a Mexican-born actress and producer . The notice in the Official Journal of the French government does not elaborate on why she is being honored , but cites her as an "  active member of charities , 23 years of services . " The legion is France 's highest national decoration and "  rewards the outstanding merits of citizens in all walks of life , regardless of social , economic or hereditary backgrounds , " according to the website of the Grand Chancellery of the Legion of Honour .	Actress Salma Hayek named a knight in France The Legion of Honour is France 's highest decoration
CNN  -- Jessica Ridgeway 's suspected killer is a 17-year-old neighbor who authorities plan to try as an adult , officials in Colorado said Wednesday . Formal charges against Austin Reed Sigg , a high school student who lived about one mile from the 10-year-old and her family , likely will be filed Monday , Jefferson County District Attorney Pam Russell said . As a general policy , CNN does not show the booking photo or name suspects who are juveniles , but in this case , police had mentioned Sigg 's name and released his photograph in hopes the public could provide information related to the case . Sigg will face murder and kidnapping charges in death of Ridgeway , who was found a few days after she disappeared on her way to school on October 5 . Her body -- which was "  not intact , " according to police -- was found at a park in Arvada , a Denver suburb just five miles from the family 's home in Westminster . "  We hope and pray that this arrest gives them some measure of closure in dealing with this horrible loss and tragedy they have suffered , " Westminster Police Chief Lee Birk told reporters . Ridgeway 's family was told Wednesday morning that an arrest was made , police said . One of her great-grandmothers said she feels like she wants to set the suspect on fire . "  I do n't think I can look at this person , into his face and not be judgmental , " Donna Moss told reporters outside her home in Independence , Missouri . "  I think what I have , it 's all I 've got within me to not want to just burn him . And I mean burn him . " A warrant was served Wednesday at Sigg 's home . He will have his first court appearance at 8 a.m. Thursday . Police said a tip led them to Sigg 's home , police said in a news release . That visit allowed police to make an arrest in the Ridgeway case , as well as another case -- an attempted abduction near Ketner Lake . Sigg also will be charged with attempted kidnapping and attempted murder charges , the district attorney said . CNN 's Carma Hassan and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Formal charges against Austin Reed Sigg , 17 , expected to be filed Monday Jessica Ridgeway , 10 , disappeared on her way to school on October 5 One of her great-grandmothers expresses her outrage over the murder
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. Sen. David Vitter returned from a week-long absence from Congress Tuesday , a day after he made a public apology for "  a serious sin " as investigators probe an alleged prostitution ring that operated in the nation 's capital . Vitter vanished from public view last week after his phone number turned up among those kept by a reputed "  D.C. Madam " in records that have become part of her upcoming criminal trial . The Louisiana conservative apologized privately to his fellow Republican senators at their weekly policy lunch Tuesday , senators who attended the lunch said . One described Vitter 's his apology as "  humble " and "  short and to the point . " The senator said Vitter was met with a great deal of "  empathy " by the senators in the room . Watch Vitter apologize for his "  past failings " " Tuesday morning , Vitter did not visit his Senate office , where the media had camped out in anticipation of his return . He also was not seen at a residential address near the Supreme Court building . He eventually emerged at a scheduled Senate hearing taking place near his office building . He arrived nearly 30 minutes late for the start of the panel , which heard testimony regarding commercial airline service to outlying parts of the United States . At first , only CNN and a local camera crew had learned of his whereabouts . But as word spread among media outlets , Senate officials had to urge order among the gaggle of newspaper writers , photographers and other television crews that began making noisy entrances to record Vitter 's return . The senator left the hearing early and tried to ignore shouted questions and camera lights in the hallway . He then turned and stopped . Vitter referred to comments he made Monday evening near New Orleans , Louisiana , then said , "  I look forward today to be back at work , really focused on a lot of important issues for the people of Louisiana . I 'll leave it at that . " Last week , Vitter acknowledged in a statement that his number had turned up in the telephone records of accused "  D.C. Madam " Deborah Jeane Palfrey . Vitter , 46 , said those calls were made prior to his election to the Senate in 2004 , and he and his wife had already dealt with what he termed a "  serious sin " privately , through marriage counseling and confession to a Roman Catholic priest . On Monday , Vitter and his wife Wendy spoke to reporters in the New Orleans suburb of Metairie , where he lives . "  I know this has hurt the relationship of trust I 've enjoyed with so many of you and that I have a lot of work to do to rebuild that trust , " the senator said . Palfrey is facing money laundering and racketeering charges stemming from her alleged prostitution operation . She had denied the charges , saying her business was a legitimate , legal escort service . At first she tried to sell the phone records to raise money for her defense . After a judge imposed restrictions on the records , Palfrey distributed the records without charge , hoping media outlets would help track down clients who her lawyer believes may help in her defense . Vitter is the first lawmaker entangled in the case , although State Department official Randall Tobias resigned in May after confirming he patronized Palfrey 's business . Larry Flynt 's Hustler magazine claimed credit for exposing Vitter 's connection to Palfrey , saying he came clean only after a journalist working as a paid consultant for the magazine discovered the senator 's number in her phone records . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Sen. David Vitter resumes work on Capitol Hill NEW : Linked to "  D.C. Madam , " he tries to keep low profile NEW : Conservative apologizes to fellow Republicans at lunch NEW : Journalists seeking Vitter cause disruption in Senate committee meeting
CNN  -- They were elected to serve their small towns , but recently , mayors throughout Mexico have found themselves the targets of violent killings believed to be perpetrated by drug cartels . As the cartels face challenges from the military and rival cartels , many of the groups have sought to increase their influence over the towns in the areas where they operate . Not only do they traffic in drugs , but cartels have diversified into human smuggling , extortion , and even into public works . A typical drug trafficking organization has a network of lookouts on city streets , "  tax " collectors who collect protection money , and hit men who enforce their will on populations . The result has been situations where the duties of mayors -- to collect taxes , provide security , and carry out public works -- have butted against the interests of the cartels , oftentimes with fatal results . Thirteen mayors have been killed so far this year in Mexico , in states around the country . The killings represent just a fraction of all the mayors throughout the country , but illustrate a disturbing new development in the drug war . The turf wars that the cartels are fighting are reflected in the office of the mayor , said Ana Maria Salazar , a television and radio political commentator in Mexico City . "  These groups are demanding more from the mayors , " Salazar told CNN . The cartels seek information , police protection and means of communication from the local governments , she said , adding that she was surprised that more mayors have not been killed . This year , the largest number of mayors -- four -- have been killed in the border state of Chihuahua , a hotbed of fighting between the Juarez cartel and the Sinaloa cartel . Killings have also been recorded in hot spots such as the state of Michoacan , home to the Familia Michoacana cartel . Also affected have been Tamaulipas and Nuevo Leon , two border states where the Zetas drug cartel is battling an alliance comprised of the Sinaloans , La Familia Michoacana and the Gulf cartel . George Grayson , a Mexico expert and professor of government at the College of William and Mary , said that he sees the Zetas , who got their start as army defectors , as a force behind some of the killings . The Zetas have been on the defensive against the alliance that formed against them , as well as from the government forces . "  They are trying to demonstrate they are still important players , " Grayson said . "  They want to regain the reputation they think they have lost as the most ruthless organization in the Americas . " While the Zetas are not known for doing public works , some of their illicit activities -- collecting money for protection , for example -- shadow the responsibilities of the local government . "  You are expected at least to turn a blind eye , if you are a mayor , especially , " Grayson told CNN . Most of the violence against mayors has happened in small towns in drug cartel territory , where the leaders are more vulnerable than their big-city counterparts . One example is the small border town of Puerto Palomas , known locally simply as Palomas , in Chihuahua . A year ago this month , the mayor , Estanislao Garcia , was kidnapped and then found executed . Palomas , located across the border from Columbus , New Mexico , literally scrapes along the border with the United States . As a town , it is known as a staging area for immigrants looking to steal across the border , and lacks an industry of its own . "  It 's been a difficult challenge , " Maria Lopez , the current mayor of Palomas , said of her position . But since that killing , things have been relatively calm . "  I have not had any problems , thank God , " she told CNN . At first , she says that she was not scared when she succeeded Garcia . Then , she restated her answer . "  I first I was scared , why should I lie ? But not anymore " No drug traffickers have come to negotiate with her on any issues , she said . Lopez says she does n't know who killed Garcia , though speculation is that it was one of the cartels that work in the area . "  It 's sad . It 's truly sad . I do n't know what is behind it , " she said . Garcia had been in a quarrel with local teachers at the time of his death , but she does n't think they were the ones who ended his life . Other killings offer more clear evidence of cartel involvement . In September , in the town of El Naranjo in San Luis Potosi , witnesses saw four armed and hooded men exit a white truck in front of city hall in the early afternoon . Two men waited in front of the building while the other two went inside Mayor Alexander Lopez 's office and shot him . Other killings have been even more violent . The mayor of Tancitaro , Michoacan -- Gustavo Sanchez -- was found stoned to death on the side of the road . An aide who was with him met the same fate . Being a mayor in Mexico these days requires great courage because they face intimidation , threats and bribes , Mayor Jaime Dominguez of Ascension , Chihuahua , told CNN . "  As mayors we are under a lot of risk , " he said . Dominguez says that he tries to focus on his job , helping the people of his community with infrastructure and water projects in his agricultural town . The only crime he is concerned with are local ones , such as robbery and domestic violence . Drug trafficking and murders fall to the state and federal authorities to investigate . "  Our job is to work closely with the community , " he said . "  I feel safe , I feel secure . My hands are clean . " Still , he wishes for more federal and state help for issues such as social development and security . "  In a way , this  violence  was expected , " Salazar said , referring to how cartels continue to push the limit to who they can kill . Before the mayors were targeted , cartels had been targeting police chiefs throughout the country . Grayson agreed . "  I think the death toll will rise with the mayors . " Could governors be next ? A leading gubernatorial candidate in Tamaulipas state , Rodolfo Torre Cantu , was gunned down in June .	Thirteen mayors have been killed in Mexico this year Most are from small towns where they are more vulnerable Drug cartel operations sometimes clash with the work of mayors The violence against them could increase , analysts say
CNN  -- Miami Heat basketball player Udonis Haslem was charged with possession of marijuana on Sunday after a traffic stop , the Florida Highway Patrol said . A state trooper stopped Haslem Sunday afternoon for speeding and illegal window tint , the patrol said in a statement . During the stop , a trooper smelled marijuana , and a subsequent search turned up evidence of the drug , the patrol said . Haslem , who was driving a 2008 Mercedes , and his passenger , Antwain Fleming , were scheduled to be taken to the Miami-Dade County Jail . Both men were charged with possession of marijuana , according to the highway patrol . Haslem also was charged with speeding and illegal window tint .	Udonis Haslem and his passenger were arrested after a traffic stop Both were charged with possession of marijuana Haslem also was charged with speeding and illegal window tint
CNN  -- A Saudi man wanted in connection with terror activities has surrendered to authorities , a Saudi Interior Ministry spokesman told CNN Tuesday . He is Badr M. Alshehri , whose name is on the list of those most wanted by Saudi Arabia , said Maj. Gen. Mansour Al-Turki , a spokesman for the kingdom 's Interior Ministry . Alshehri was on the list of 85 wanted people , the Saudi Press Agency reported . "  Alshehri 's return to the Kingdom was arranged and coordinated by Saudi security forces and security agencies in Pakistan , " said Al-Turki , who could n't comment on where Alshehri was when he surrendered . Al-Turki told CNN that Alshehri had reached out to his family in Saudi Arabia and told them "  he wanted to surrender himself to Saudi authorities and come back to the kingdom . " According to Al-Turki , Alshehri 's family then got in touch with Interior Ministry and began coordinating how the surrender would happen . He 's been in Saudi Arabia now for a few days .	Pakistan helped coordinate the surrender Alshehri has been back for a few days There are dozens of people wanted by the Saudis
Same-sex couples in Chicago and surrounding Cook County can marry immediately and wo n't have to wait until June 1 for a state law legalizing gay marriage to take effect , a federal judge ruled Friday . "  There is no reason to delay further when no opposition has been presented to this Court and committed gay and lesbian couples have already suffered from the denial of their fundamental right to marry , " U.S. District Court Judge Sharon Johnson Coleman wrote in a lawsuit . "  Although this Court finds that the marriage ban for same-sex couples violates the Fourteenth Amendment 's Equal Protection Clause on its face , this finding can only apply to Cook County based upon the posture of the lawsuit , " the judge wrote . Cook County Clerk David Orr said his downtown Chicago office would be open until 7 p.m. Friday issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples . "  I 'm thrilled same-sex couples who want to get married wo n't have to wait any longer " Orr said in a statement . "  We are very excited to celebrate this historic milestone with every loving couple from today onward . " In November , the Illinois General Assembly passed the Religious Freedom and Marriage Fairness Act , making Illinois the 16th state in the nation to legalize same-sex marriage . The measure goes into effect June 1 Last month , the gay rights group Lambda Legal and the ACLU filed a class-action lawsuit in Illinois on behalf of same-sex couples who wanted to immediately obtain marriage licenses in Cook County . Christopher Clark , counsel for Lambda Legal , said the case originally arose after a couple facing life-threatening illness came forward saying they did n't feel they could wait until June to be married . Clark called Friday 's ruling an "  absolute ringing affirmation of the principles of liberty and equality that are at the foundations of our constitution . " Clark said the ruling sets a precedent for same-sex marriage in other states and called it "  another step in resolving the issue across the country . "	Same-sex couples in Cook County do n't have to wait until June 1 That 's when a new state legalizing same-sex marriage takes effect Judge says gay couples "  have already suffered " from no right to marry The ruling applies only to marriage licenses in Cook County , which includes Chicago
Hernando , Mississippi  CNN  -- The "  Reward " sign being nailed above the convenience store counter takes on a little more meaning here in Desoto County , Mississippi . At the Old Road Store , it 's personal . In 1992 , this is where Joseph Ozment , the man whose photo is on the reward poster , gunned down a store clerk . He was sent to prison for life , and no one imagined they 'd hear from him again . In this small town , south of Memphis , Tennessee , his picture is back up and people are wondering how someone who committed such a brutal crime could be pardoned by their former Gov. Haley Barbour -- and law enforcement authorities ca n't seem to find Ozment . "  It 's just an every minute , constant , in the back of your mind , where is he , what is he doing ? " said Mary McAbee , the sister of Rick Montgomery , the store clerk shot to death by Ozment . "  I 'm fearful . He 's a cold-blooded murderer to do what he 's done and if he thinks that he may go back to prison , what 's he got to lose ? " she said . Mississippi authorities are looking for Ozment . He received one of more than 200 pardons issued by Barbour during his final days in office . Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood is challenging the validity of the pardons . He said Ozment and three other murderers did not meet the constitutional requirements to be granted a pardon , and he wants to see the men put back in jail to finish their life sentences . A Jackson , Mississippi , judge will hear the case next week . In the meantime , she has issued subpoenas , commanding all the men to appear in court , but Ozment has yet to be found to be served his subpoena . He was picked up by his mother on January 8 from the governor 's mansion , where he was a trusty , serving his time . He has n't been seen since . "  He 's avoiding service . His mother knows it . All of his relatives know , " Hood said . "  We 've been to all of their houses knocking on doors . I know he 's gotten the word and he 's trying to run and avoid service , " Hood said . Hood has announced that a reward is being offered for anyone who can help locate Ozment . Police ca n't arrest him because he has been pardoned , and he has committed no new crimes . If he does not comply with a subpoena , a judge has the authority to hold him in contempt , the attorney general 's office said . Authorities said they believe Ozment may be in northern Mississippi . One of the men who worked the murder case in the early 1990s said the latest developments are incredibly troubling . "  Ozment already proved he ca n't live in our society , by our rules , " said John Champion . "  He committed the ultimate act by taking somebody 's life , so , no , he should never be out , " he said . Champion was a young assistant district attorney working his very first case in the office . Today , he is the district attorney . He was there in court when Ozment pleaded guilty to murder in the case and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole . According to a transcript of Ozment 's confession to police , Ozment admitted being part of a robbery so he could have "  Christmas money . " He entered the convenience store with a friend who shot the clerk , Montgomery , three times . Montgomery crawled from around the counter and Ozment looked at him and shot him twice . "  I did n't want him to identify me or the other guy , so I shot him twice . ... I shot him in the head , " Ozment said in the police confession . Ozment said his share in the robbery was "  between 50 and 60 dollars . " "  When he was shot , and he fell to the ground , they said he was begging for help . ... You ca n't imagine how that feels , " said McAbee , Montgomery 's sister , as she began to cry . "  And then for him to shoot him in the head ... to know that he was all alone . That 's the worst feeling , to know that you ca n't help someone that you love , " she said . Champion said he remembers the day well . He said he passes the convenience store every day on his way to work and remembers the brutality and cold-bloodedness of the crime . He said he never dreamed he 'd see the day that Joseph Ozment walked free . "  All of the healing that 's done over the last 18 years is all for naught . And all of the work that we did , all of the work that law enforcement did on this case , is all for naught . Why were we there ? " he asked about Barbour 's pardon . Barbour has defended his pardons . On Friday , he appeared live on CNN 's "  John King USA . " He told King that Ozment and the others have been rehabilitated . "  He has no obligation to do anything . He 's been pardoned . He 's a free man , " said Barbour . But that 's not the kind of thing a sister who lost a brother wants to hear . "  Its just the pain that we have to live with every day and now we 're doing it all over again , " she said . Kind of like the reward poster . No one ever dreamed they 'd need one again .	Reward offered for information leading to Joseph Ozment Outgoing Mississippi governor pardoned Ozment , more than 200 others Ozment is free , but is sought to appear at a civil hearing on the pardons
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The death toll from Friday 's attacks on a religious minority in Lahore has risen to 98 , officials said Saturday . The strikes with bombs and firearms took place at two mosques in Lahore belonging to the Ahmadi religious group , police and rescue officials said . At the Baitul Noor place of worship in the Model Town region , two attackers on motorbikes fired at the entrance of the building and tossed hand grenades , a rescue official told CNN . Police said one of the attackers was critically injured . The other , clad in a suicide jacket , was detained . At a mosque in the Garhi Shahu neighborhood , one witness told CNN he saw two attackers armed with AK-47s , and another witness said he saw at least four gunmen . Sajjad Bhutta , the senior official , said the heads of three suicide bombers were discovered there . Bhutta said more than 70 people were injured in the violence . Ahmadis regard themselves as Muslim . But the government says they are n't , and many Muslim extremists have targeted them . Sunni and Shiite Muslims do not regard followers of the religion as Muslims because they do not regard Mohammed as the last prophet sent by God . The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan , a non-governmental organization , deplored the attacks and said it has warned the Punjab provincial government about threats to the Ahmadi community center in Model Town for more than a year . Lahore is the capital of Punjab province . . "  An HRCP delegation had held meetings with Chief Minister Punjab Shehbaz Sharif to apprise him of the situation and had demanded enhanced security measures to protect the vulnerable minority and its worship places . HRCP is of the view that though the Punjab government apparently took some steps to bolster the security ... they were not enough to face the well-coordinated and well-planned terrorist attack as witnessed on Friday , " it said . It urged the government "  to provide foolproof security and protection to the Ahmadi community . " The movement was founded in 1889 . Its followers believe that Mirza Ghulam Ahmad  1835-1908  was sent by God as a prophet "  to end religious wars , condemn bloodshed and reinstitute morality , justice and peace , " the worldwide Ahmadi group says . The group , which is thought to number between 3 million and 4 million people in the country , endures "  the most severe legal restrictions and officially sanctioned discrimination " among Pakistan 's religious minorities , according to the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom . The religious freedom commission , an independent , bipartisan U.S. government body , said in its latest annual report that "  Ahmadis may not call their places of worship ` mosques , ' worship in non-Ahmadi mosques or public prayer rooms which are otherwise open to all Muslims , perform the Muslim call to prayer , use the traditional Islamic greeting in public , publicly quote from the Koran , or display the basic affirmation of the Muslim faith . " The agency says it 's illegal for the group to preach publicly , pursue converts or pass out religious material , and adherents are restricted from holding public conferences and traveling to Saudi Arabia for the hajj pilgrimage . While the greatest number of its followers are in Pakistan and India , it has a presence in many European countries , such as Britain , where the religion 's fifth and current spiritual head , Mirza Masroor Ahmad , resides .	Human rights group says it warned of a possible attack NEW : Death toll rises to 98 , government official says Strikes targeted two mosques in Lahore belonging to Ahmadi religious group Ahmadis are a persecuted religious minority
CNN  -- The bodies of 11 more people have been recovered after the weekend collapse of a Russian oil rig in freezing north Pacific waters , a Russian news agency reported Monday . That brings the total number of dead from the Sunday disaster to 16 , according to the state news agency RIA-Novosti . There were 67 people aboard the offshore drilling rig when it capsized during a storm in the Sea of Okhotsk , which lies between the Kamchatka peninsula and the Russian mainland , north of Japan . The rig was being towed from Kamchatka at the time , RIA-Novosti reported . Fourteen people have been rescued and 37 others remain missing , the news agency said . The director of the company that owns the rig , Arktikmorneftegazrazvedka , promised at least 3 million rubles  $ 93,640  in compensation to each crewmember 's family . The rig was carrying out work under a contract with Russian energy giant Gazprom , the news agency said . It was drilling a well about 3,500 meters  11,480 feet  deep , RIA-Novosti said . Taimuraz Kasayev , a spokesman for the regional emergencies service , told RIA-Novosti on Sunday the accident poses no environmental danger because the rig 's fuel stocks were hermetically sealed and would not spill . The television channel Russia Today reported that the rig was being towed into position when pumps failed , causing it to take on water and sink .	NEW : The bodies bring the death toll to 16 67 people were aboard the oil rig when it capsized Sunday It happened in the Sea of Okhotsk in the north Pacific
CNN  -- Anxiety and stress are not typically associated with April 1 , a day widely celebrated with practical jokes and tomfoolery . However , for thousands of people , April 1 is no joking matter -- it begins the official filing period for H-1B immigration petitions . The current immigration system stifles our country 's innovative and entrepreneurial spirit and can cause highly skilled professionals to leave our country and ultimately compete against us . H-1B visas -- three - to six-year work visas sponsored by willing U.S. businesses -- allow foreign-born graduates of U.S. colleges and highly skilled professionals to work legally in this country . For fiscal year 2014 , only 85,000 H-1B work visas are available . Of these , 20,000 are reserved for candidates with master 's degrees from U.S. institutions . Not only do these high-skilled professionals face a tough job market , but also strict immigration deadlines with an even more restrictive visa cap . The scarcity of H-1B visas , coupled with the complicated process of securing these visas , creates a major roadblock for U.S. companies . The United States Bureau of Labor Statistics indicates that tens of thousands of unfilled jobs require highly skilled employees . Companies can not meet the high demand for candidates who possess the skill and knowledge necessary to fill positions where no U.S. candidate is qualified . According to the National Foundation for American Policy , a 2008 study shows that for every new H-1B visa requested , U.S. technology companies increase their employment by five workers , thereby dispelling misconceptions that high-skilled foreign workers take jobs away from Americans . For U.S. companies and foreign candidates alike , the process of getting an H-1B begins far in advance of the April 1 filing date . While candidates start the job search as early as possible to find potential employers willing to sponsor them , companies are forced to make hiring decisions months in advance to ensure that immigration petitions are ready for submission on the first day of the filing period . It is imperative that companies file their petitions on April 1 , or at the very least during the first week of April , because of the high demand for these visas . Just last year , United States Citizenship and Immigration Services exhausted the available pool of work visas in mere weeks . This year , USCIS and immigration lawyers expect such a high demand for H-1B visas that the agency may need to rely on a lottery system . Once USCIS meets its H-1B quota , companies and candidates must wait up to a year before they are eligible to file additional petitions . This complicated system has significant ramifications for all parties involved . For instance , a shortage of work visas and the short filing window once a year prevent companies from hiring highly skilled and educated candidates requiring new H-1B visas on a daily basis . According to Compete America , during fiscal year 2009 , 96 % of employers hired 10 or fewer individuals on new H-1B petitions and 69 % hired only one . Ultimately , companies often hire these individuals into other countries instead of the United States to obtain legal work authorization . Potential candidates also suffer the consequences of the broken immigration system . Those who miss the window have to wait for up to a year to participate in the process . Many of them either are forced to return to their native countries or choose to return to avoid stalling their careers . In his recent book , "  The Immigrant Exodus , " Vivek Wadhwa described the case of Anand Chhatpar and his wife , who were both from India . They met while pursuing graduate studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison . Together , they launched Fame Express , a startup that produced game applications for Facebook . In their quest for permanent residency , the couple were legally obligated to return to their native India to await approval of their application . Although the couple eventually launched two successful American businesses , USCIS denied their application . The couple , their jobs , their employees , tax revenues and purchasing power now reside in India , competing directly with American firms . Such cases do not benefit the United States . Our lawmakers understand that retaining the best and the brightest is critical to accelerating the country 's economic recovery . We should help foreign graduates and foreign professionals , particularly in science , technology , engineering and mathematics , through an increased number of available H-1B work visas and a STEM green card program . Taking these actions will lead to more innovation and job creation and ensure that the U.S. maintains its position as a strong leader in the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Beckerman .	Michael Beckerman : Our immigration system stifles innovation and entrepreneurship Beckerman : The scarcity of H-1B visas creates major roadblocks for U.S. companies He says many unfilled jobs require highly skilled foreign workers who need visas Beckerman : Retaining the best and the brightest is critical to our economic recovery
CNN  -- For Mike Chinoy , CNN 's Beijing bureau chief at the time , one of the most significant moments in that heady spring of 1989 in China happened at 2:30 a.m. Beijing time on the morning of June 4 , as the crackdown was taking place . Mike Chinoy : "  I described the gunfire and the bodies . " Chinoy was on the balcony at "  Tokyo base " -- the network 's nickname for its makeshift bureau at the Beijing Hotel down the avenue from Tiananmen Square -- watching soldiers march into the square with guns firing . He was also constantly on the phone with CNN Atlanta , giving the network live "  beeper " updates on what was happening there . CNN 's live video capability had long been pulled by the Chinese authorities . And CNN 's first pictures from the square had already been confiscated . But Chinoy , a long-time China watcher in the midst of the biggest story he had ever covered , was keeping the network and its viewers updated by phone . Watch Mike Chinoy reporting from Tiananmen Square " "  The assault on Tiananmen Square was under way , " Chinoy recalls . "  I could see a lot , but not everything . I was just describing what I was seeing , and passing on what colleagues were sending . I had a telephone line that could be kept open . " And then at 2:30 a.m. , Ralph Begleiter , CNN 's State Department correspondent at the time , started his talk show , which was featuring U.S. Secretary of State James Baker as its previously scheduled guest . Before Begleiter began interviewing Baker , though , he went to Chinoy in China for the latest on what was happening in Beijing . See photos of the CNN team in Tiananmen Square in 1989 " "  I described the gunfire and the bodies , " said Chinoy . Watch Mike Chinoy reporting on the crackdown in Tiananmen Square " "  And then Begleiter asked Baker what America 's policy on the crackdown was . " "  Baker was flustered , " Chinoy recalls . "  He did n't know what was happening yet . The U.S. embassy had n't submitted any reports . He had n't had time to think it through . " It was in that moment that Chinoy realized that television news -- and the 24-hour news cycle CNN had pioneered -- was going to alter everything . "  It showed the way this live , real-time news on television was going to change the dynamics of how major players responded to dramatic events and crises , " said Chinoy . "  It was a watershed in the information revolution . " No time for even a thought that June 4 , 1989 , was also his 37th birthday . Mike Chinoy is now an author and Senior Fellow at the Pacific Council on International Policy , based in Los Angeles . Daniela Deane was a chief sub-editor at the Reuters news agency in Hong Kong during the Tiananmen crisis	Chinoy was on the balcony at the Beijing Hotel near Tiananmen Square He gave a live commentary on what he was seeing and hearing U.S. Secretary of State James Baker was asked to respond to the breaking news Chinoy realized that 24-hour television news was going to alter everything
CNN  -- Inter Milan 's title defense got back on track with a crushing 4-0 win over city rivals AC Milan , after three first-half strikes capitalized on the sending off of Rossoneri skipper Gennaro Gattuso on Saturday night at the San Siro . New boys Samuel Eto'o  left  and Wesley Sneijder celebrate Inter 's impressive victory over Milan . Thiago Motta put Jose Mourinho 's men in the lead , scoring his first goal for the club after thirty minutes with a left-foot strike , after being played in by fellow new recruit Samuel Eto'o . The Cameroon striker was involved again for the second when he was fouled when through on goal by an injury-hampered Gattuso to win a penalty for his side , before Diego Milito slotted home from the spot on 36 minutes . Worse followed for Gattuso when the midfielder received a red card for a tough tackle on Inter debutante Wesley Sneijder , before Brazil full back Maicon took advantage of his opponent 's reduced numbers by shooting home form the edge of the area seconds before half time . Further humiliation came in the second half for the nominal home side when Serbian Dejan Stankovic crashed home a 30-yard drive to leave Marco Storari to pick the ball form his net for the fourth time that evening with 23 minutes of the game left . It was a miserable first derby for AC Milan coach Leonardo , who is in the process of rebuilding his side after the departure of former world footballer of the year Kaka to Spanish giants Real Madrid . Where the Rossoneri have lost talent to Spain , Inter have gained ; with former Iberian charges Sneijder and Eto'o contributing well to their side 's win . Holland midfielder Sneijder tested goalkeeper Storari after only six minutes to signal his team 's intent while Eto'o had a key role in the following two goals . Eto'o also had a goal disallowed as he headed into the net from an offside position to cap a telling performance that was in stark contrast to that of Holland international Klass-Jan Huntelaar who made an inauspicious debut for Milan after leaving Real Madrid . Sully Muntari came on as a second-half substitute , seemingly confirming Mourinho 's belief that the player had reduced energy levels as a result of fasting for Ramadan . Elsewhere in Serie A , Bari drew 0-0 with Bologna despite substitute Ferdinando Sforzini being sent off for the home side as the game drew to a close . In a game of few chances Daniele De Vezze went closest to opening the scoring for the hosts .	Inter thrash rivals AC Milan 4-0 in derby after Gennaro Gattuso is sent off Goals from Motta , Milito , Maicon and Stankovic seal humiliating defeat Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o has goal disallowed to cap good performance Elsewhere , Bari draw 0-0 with Bologna despite finishing with ten men
CNN  In his writings , author Avijit Roy yearned for reason and humanism guided by science . He had no place for religious dogma , including from Islam , the main religion of his native Bangladesh . Extremists resented him for openly and regularly criticizing religion in his blog . They threatened to kill him if he came home from the United States to visit . On Thursday , someone did . As usual , Roy defied the threats and departed his home in suburban Atlanta for Dhaka , where he appeared at a speaking engagement about his latest books -- one of them titled "  The Virus of Faith . " He has written seven books in all . As he walked back from the book fair , assailants plunged machetes and knives into Roy and his wife , killing him and leaving her bloodied and missing a finger . Afterward , an Islamist group "  Ansar Bangla-7 " reportedly tweeted , "  Target Down here in Bangladesh . " Investigators are proceeding on the notion that Roy 's murder was an extremist attack . His father , Ajay Roy , filed a case of murder with the Shahbagh police Friday without naming suspects . No one came to their aid as they were hacked down , a witness said . "  I shouted for help from the people but nobody came to save him . " But at night , secularist sympathizers marched through a street holding torches ; by day , others held a sit-in to protest Roy 's killing . The government condemned the attack . Who was the software engineer , a U.S. citizen from Alpharetta , Georgia , who drew such rage from some and adoration from others ? Software was his career , but writing and blogging were his calling . And he did not speak alone . Roy founded the religion critical blog Mukto Mona , which served multiple writers . He called it "  an Internet congregation of freethinkers , rationalists , skeptics , atheists and humanists mainly of Bengali and South Asian descent who are scattered across the globe . " Its mission was to promote science , secular philosophy , democracy and religious tolerance in articles by academics and activists . Its headers contain quotes by famous scientists , including one attributed to Albert Einstein condemning the doctrine of heaven and hell as a means of enforcing ethics : "  A man 's ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy , education and social ties and needs ; no religious basis is necessary . " To the most devout and to extremists , Roy 's criticisms amounted to blasphemy . He took aim at the sentiment in a blog post headlined , "  Happy Blasphemy Day , Happy Birthday ` Mukto Mona . ' " Some who felt oppressed by religion said he spoke for them . "  Avijit Roy , your voice of reason and your passion for free thinking will never die . You were a voice to so many voiceless , " a fan wrote after his death . Very . Roy and the blog 's other critics took off the gloves when it came to religion , particularly Islam . Roy was a fan of Bill Maher 's harsh reproach of Islam and a critic of Reza Aslan , who has countered Maher 's standpoint . His blog called Aslan "  an Islamic apologist , who obviously feels threatened by the growing Atheist movement in the U.S. and worldwide . " Roy likened women in burkas to "  living zombies , " tweeting out a cartoon of one standing next to a child dressed as a ghost for Halloween . Yes . He began one of his final articles by writing that January 's Charlie Hebdo massacre in France was "  a tragic atrocity committed by soldiers of the so-called religion of peace . " He doled out scathing criticism after another Bangladeshi blogger was hacked to death outside his home in 2013 by assailants with machetes . "  The virus of faith was the weapon that made these atrocities possible , " Roy wrote . But he also criticized Christianity . "  So , Pope Francis thinks ` evolution is real ' ! And it is still a major headline news in this century , " he recently tweeted . To Roy , God was an outdated notion . Roy sought enlightenment in doubt , criticism and reason . Question everything , was a theme in his online posts . Never think you 've found the truth . He was a science geek who admired Charles Darwin , evolutionary psychology and astrophysics , according to a Facebook account in his name . CNN could not independently verify it belongs to him . Roy was a fan of "  Cosmos , " the TV series explaining the science behind the origin of the universe , and of the geek sitcom "  The Big Bang Theory . " Mukto Mona contains sections titled "  Science " and "  Rationalism , " but most of the articles hold science up to religion as a litmus test , which it invariably fails . "  To me , it is a rational concept to oppose any unscientific and irrational belief , " Roy said . That 's likely . He regularly attended a February book fair in the Bangladeshi capital , and last year , after he launched "  The Virus of Faith , " the death threats began streaming in . They landed in his email inbox and cropped up on social media . "  A well-known extremist ... openly issued death threats to me through his numerous Facebook statuses , " Roy wrote . His book "  hit the cranial nerve of Islamic fundamentalists , " Roy wrote . After the Charlie Hebdo attacks , an online Bangladeshi bookstore pulled it after extremists put pressure on it . But is seemed the author was safe in Alpharetta . "  Avijit Roy lives in America and so , it is not possible to kill him right now . But he will be murdered when he comes back , " the Islamist wrote , according to Roy . He could n't let that stop him , Roy 's friend Michael De Dora said . "  Avijit was very idealistic , " he said . "  His understanding was that he would n't be killed , that if anyone ever tried to attack him or hated him , that they could just kind of have a chat and he would convince them ... that they could at least have a dialogue . " He never had a chance to . They attacked from behind . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Lonzo Cook , Greg Botelho , Farid Ahmed and John Couwels contributed to this report .	Roy yearned for an age of reason without religious dogma Islamist extremists resented him , threatened to kill him
CNN  -- The story of how I became a national figure in the media is widely known , but few people know what I actually did for the CIA . I was a covert operations officer specializing in nuclear counter proliferation -- essentially , making sure the bad guys did n't get the bomb . My job was to create and run operations that sought to peer into the procurement networks and acquisition chains of rogue nations . It was intense , tactical , creative and demanding . I believed that there was no more important work to be done . I resigned from the CIA in 2006 because it was no longer possible to do the covert work for which I was highly trained and which I loved . This happened because in 2003 , my covert identity was revealed in retaliation against my husband , Ambassador Joe Wilson , who wrote an op-ed piece in which he accused the White House of distorting the intelligence that was used to draw us into the Iraq war . But I did not lose my belief that the danger of nuclear terrorism was the most urgent threat we face . Nor did I lose my passion for working , albeit in a new way , to address that threat . I am working on this issue now as part of the international Global Zero movement , in which political , military and faith leaders , experts and activists strive for the worldwide elimination of all nuclear weapons . We know that terrorist groups have been trying to buy , build or steal a bomb . In the past two decades , there have been at least 25 instances of nuclear explosive materials being lost or stolen . There is enough highly enriched uranium , or HEU , in the world today to build more than 100,000 bombs . Terrorists looking to buy or steal HEU could look to the approximately 40 countries with nuclear weapons materials . And then there are rogue individuals out there who are running black markets selling nuclear materials and technology . Pakistan 's Dr. A. Q. Khan did it for years before my group at the CIA brought him down in December 2003 after catching him red-handed selling a full-scale nuclear bomb to Moammar Gadhafi 's regime in Libya . If terrorists manage to get their hands on enough HEU , they could smuggle it into a target city , build a bomb and explode it . A hundred pounds of highly enriched uranium could fit in a shoebox , and 100,000 shipping containers come into the United States every day . The nuclear threat is not limited to terrorism . There are also the dangers of proliferation and accidental or unauthorized nuclear launch . Today , nine countries have more than 23,000 nuclear weapons , and the U.S. and Russia still maintain thousands of nuclear weapons on hair-trigger alert , poised for launch within a few minutes . The only way to eliminate the danger that nuclear weapons will be used by countries in conflict , by accident or by terrorists is to lock down all nuclear materials and eliminate all nuclear weapons in all countries : global zero . Today we have a real opportunity to set the course to global zero . U.S. President Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev , whose countries have 22,000 nuclear weapons or 96 percent of the world 's stockpile , are signing an agreement to reduce their strategic nuclear arsenals by a third each . This is the most significant arms reduction treaty in two decades and a crucial first step . Next week , Obama is hosting the leaders of 48 countries at a summit in Washington to address the global nuclear threat and initiate programs to secure all nuclear materials worldwide . With the U.S. and Russia leading the way , 2010 could mark the beginning of the end of nuclear weapons . But achieving global zero will take years , a realistic plan of action and tremendous amounts of political will . In February , leaders of the Global Zero movement met in Paris , France , and outlined a step-by-step plan to eliminate all remaining nuclear weapons . The plan , backed by hundreds of former heads-of-state , foreign ministers , national security advisers and military commanders , calls in its first phase for the U.S. and Russia to cut their arsenals to 1,000 total warheads each . All other countries with nuclear weapons would freeze their arsenals , and the international community would conduct an all-out global effort to block the further spread of nuclear weapons and to secure all nuclear materials . Locking down nuclear bomb-making materials involves building secure facilities for storage , accounting for all stockpiles , guarding materials in transit  transportation being the most vulnerable to terrorist attack and seizure  , regulating exports , interdicting smuggling operations , ending production of new bomb materials and ultimately eliminating existing stockpiles . These steps would be followed by the first multilateral negotiations in history for reductions by all nuclear weapons countries . I 'm proud to be working with the Global Zero movement and its team of world leaders and grass-roots organizers , presidents and college kids . I want to do everything I can to raise public and political support for the elimination of nuclear weapons . And that is why I said yes when Lawrence Bender , producer of "  An Inconvenient Truth , " "  Good Will Hunting " and "  Inglorious Basterds , " asked me to be in an extraordinary and chilling documentary film , "  Countdown to Zero , " which premiered in January at the Sundance Film Festival to critical acclaim and will be released in U.S. theaters in July . The film will be a stunning wake-up call to citizens and our political leaders about the urgent threats posed by nuclear weapons , including proliferation , nuclear terrorism and accidental nuclear launch . It will build awareness and support for the Global Zero movement to eliminate nuclear weapons . Based on my experience in the field , I believe that if governments do n't act now to begin eliminating all remaining nuclear weapons , we will witness in our lifetime the use of the bomb by a country or terrorist group . To get governments to act , everyone needs to get involved , to make their voices heard , to bring this issue to the top of the political agenda , to everyone 's kitchen table and to the front pages of every blog and every newspaper . There is still time to change direction and set our course to global zero , but the clock is ticking . To learn more about the issue and get involved in the growing movement , go to globalzero.org and sign the declaration . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Valerie Plame Wilson .	Valerie Plame Wilson is a former CIA officer who worked to stop spread of nuclear materials She says nuclear weapons and terrorism represent No. 1 threat faced right now Plame says nations need to reduce nuclear arsenals and tightly control materials If governments do n't act now , we will witness use of a bomb in our lifetime , she says
CNN  -- I never imagined we would find a no-win question to displace the genre 's champ , "  Have you stopped beating your wife ? " Now , there is contender : "  Does austerity work ? " Fareed Zakaria tells us it does n't , faulting it for Europe 's constriction . The problem is not a borderless European financial system , unable to quarantine nations sick with public and private debt . Oh , no , Zakaria writes , "  The larger failure , shared across Europe , has been too much austerity . " In the Washington Post , Ezra Klein notes unemployment is "  skyrocketing " across Europe and he contends the fault lies in shrinking budget deficits brought by spending cuts and tax increases . Klein tells us this is what austerity looks like "  and it can be expected to reduce economic growth . " As the UK slides into a double-dip recession , economist Paul Krugman blames David Cameron 's austerity . Borrowing from John Maynard Keynes , he tells us , "  The boom , not the slump , is the right time for austerity . " Never mind that spending in Britain is virtually unchanged and other nations in Europe are spending more . Neal Reynolds writes that "  austerity , " as practiced in Euro27 countries , has actually increased government spending from 46 % to 51 % of Europe 's GDP from 2006 to 2010 . Greece , where rioters protest "  austeros , " increased its public sector expenditures from 45.2 % of GDP to 50.1 % tin he same period . As the Richmond Times-Dispatch noted , in 2011 , 23 of the EU 's 27 nations jacked up their spending levels . This year 24 will . Apparently , it is not austerity itself that constricts economies . The mere thought of austerity is enough to choke the eurozone to death . Austerity seems to be working just fine for the masters of the practice , the Germans : We are counting on them to bail out the entire eurozone . Let 's ignore that , however . Instead , let 's assume Europe had not only contemplated austerity but also actually imposed it : cutting spending , raising taxes and shrinking its public sector . Even then , "  Does austerity work ? " would be the wrong question . Let 's view the occasional need to embrace responsibility through a more familiar , though equally unpopular lens : Does "  sobriety " work ? Immediately , it would n't seem so . When we engage in "  sobriety , " after a long period of over-indulgence , its effect is much like "  austerity ; " our heads hurt , our tongues get fuzzy and our vision blurs . I would invite my friends in journalism , dedicated to the rigorous pursuit of truth , to join me in extended study . We might conclude , through the crusty eyes of another morning , that drinking alcohol does not cause hangovers ; stopping drinking alcohol causes hangovers . Sobriety does not work , it seems -- and governments feel no better when they sober up from a binge . When an economy stops borrowing money from its future , well , there is less money in that economy in the present . Post-indulgence discipline is painful . Yet we do not blame the glutton who ordered the meal for this poverty , just the fool who pays the check . We fault austerity . Would n't we all feel better if we lifted our glasses and had another round ? We are persuaded to drink our way through our drunkenness , even if we have to borrow the money . Why should n't gratification be instant and eternal ? Life , we are eager to believe , should be frictionless . We are happy to hear that we are not required to suffer penalties for stupid economic decisions . Our leaders , godlike and high above , tell us their brilliance can protect us from the consequences of our poor choices . Spend what we do n't have , they urge : The same euro , dollar or pound that is invaluable when we put it in to stimulate an economy will not be missed when we pull it out . The same journalists who laugh at the idea of perpetual motion embrace the voodoo of perpetual prosperity . They twist modest Keynesianism into an arrogant declaration that we are above the cost of our excesses . No longer must God ask Moses to walk the desert to reach the Promised Land . On June 17 , the world will come to an end , as it often does . Ripples from Europe 's unraveling will begin traveling to America . Greece will have an election . Greeks will vote to make Germans work until they are 67 so they can retire at 50 . They will vote to make someone else pay their bills , fund their holidays and support their benefits . They will be lectured about this by an American president who asks his own nation to make China pay its bills , fund its holidays and support its benefits . We can only hope he does it from the Hellenic state of California , which has also attempted to outsmart austerity . Remarkably , it has n't grown jobs , just debt . Paul Krugman is a noble man . If he could , with his bright mind , he would free us from the costs of our foolish economic decisions , many of which he has recommended . He is the blackjack player , deep in debt , who knows he can outsmart the house . On our behalf , with his infallible system , he 'll keep doubling his bet every hand until he wins back our money -- unless he hits the house limit or a run of bad luck empties his pockets first . That is not an uncommon fate for the adversaries of austerity . Genuinely bright people built Las Vegas on the arrogance of such men . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Castellanos	Commentators are placing the blame for Europe 's spending woes on government austerity Alex Castellanos says Europe has n't really embraced austerity yet He says the binge in government spending ca n't go on forever Castellanos : Asking whether austerity works is like asking a drinker if sobriety works
CNN  -- The Federal Emergency Management Agency has denied additional aid tied to deadly explosions at a Texas fertilizer plant , a decision ripped Wednesday by local and state officials who accused President Barack Obama of having "  gone against his word . " FEMA 's administrator informed Gov. Rick Perry in a letter Monday that it was denying a request to declare West , Texas -- the small town where an April 17 fire led to simultaneous blasts at a fertilizer distribution facility , killing 15 and decimating homes , businesses and more within 37 blocks -- a "  major disaster " area . The letter noted Obama had previously issued an emergency declaration and other measures that paved the way for some direct federal assistance . "  Based on our review of all of the information available , it has been determined that the remaining costs for permanent work is within the capabilities of the state and affected local governments , " FEMA 's Craig Fugate said . "  Accordingly , we have determined that a major disaster declaration is not necessary . " Perry responded with a statement alluding to Obama 's remarks at a memorial event held days after the explosions that the people of West would not be forgotten . "  We 'll be there even after the cameras leave and after the attention turns elsewhere , " Obama said then . "  Your country will remain ever ready to help you recover and rebuild and reclaim your community . " The Texas governor added Wednesday , "  We anticipate the president will hold true to his word and help us work with FEMA to ensure much-needed assistance reaches the community of West . " Perry 's words were measured compared with those of state Attorney General Greg Abbott . Abbott -- a Republican like Perry -- accused the Democratic president of having "  yet again promised one thing and then not delivered . " "  President Obama 's FEMA has denied our state and our neighbors the necessary opportunities to rebuild critical infrastructure in the town , including an entire school , " the attorney general said . "  While President Obama has turned his back on Texas and gone against his word , we will continue to take care of our neighbors . " West 's mayor , Tommy Muska , said Wednesday he is "  disappointed " in FEMA and Obama , saying "  we do n't have money available ... and we ca n't repay ... loaned money back . " "  The president said he was going to be behind us , and his words and actions are completely different , " Muska said . "  The government at this time is not doing anything to help this city rebuild . " A fire at the facility operated by West Fertilizer Company set off two explosions that registered on seismographs as a magnitude-2 .1 earthquake and were felt 50 miles away . The blasts leveled a portion of the town , damaging numerous homes , a nursing home and the town 's high school and middle school . According to local officials , the city is still well short of the $ 17 million it needs to repair roads , water and sewage lines and other damaged infrastructure . And the school system is estimated to be about $ 25 million to $ 30 million short of the roughly $ 100 million it says it needs for rebuilding and temporary housing . Authorities have n't publicly determined what caused the fire , saying it could have started from a spark from a golf cart , an electrical short or could have been set intentionally . In May , authorities announced they had launched a criminal investigation into the case , though no one has been charged . CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	FEMA does not declare West a "  major disaster " area , which would 've meant more funds "  Remaining costs  are  within ... state and ... local governments " capabilities , it says Texas officials accuse president of betraying his promise that feds will help over long run "  The government at this time is not doing anything to help this city rebuild , " mayor says
St Patrick 's Day is upon us again . Time for the drinking world to pull on an unamusing leprechaun hat and order pints of the black stuff in a fake Irish accent . But why do we only celebrate the Emerald Isle 's contribution to conviviality when there are other nations out there who love to wallow in drink just as much ? In the interest of equality , we herewith embark on a global pub crawl to see who else we should invite to the party . Promise to drink responsibly and you can join us . 10 . Australia Australians are no longer the great drinkers they once were . Unlikely as it seems for a country where culture usually refers to something that grows in the folds of discarded sportswear , many Aussies have become refined in their tastes . Cheap lager is no longer cheap and , regardless , beer has been usurped by fancy wines . Still , they have a fine legacy . This is a country whose former prime minister , the legendary Bob Hawke , was once in the Guinness Book of Records for sculling 2.5 pints of beer in 2.5 seconds . Old habits die hard though , so if you do go drinking with Australians , you must still abide by the rules of "  the shout . " This means once you 've accepted a drink as part of a round , you 're obliged to "  shout " everyone else a beverage in return -- a costly business now that they 're all on the wine . Classic drink : "  Cardonay " or a "  Sav " -- typically Austral-mangled wine varietals consumed either pre - or post-stubbie  of beer  . Hangover cure : Cold , leftover pizza , pies , fry-ups , 3 a.m. souvlakis and even Vegemite and cheese sandwiches are all favorites . But sculling 2.5 pints of beer in 2.5 seconds will do the trick every time . * * CNN does not recommend this . Nor will it clean up afterward . 9 . Germany Think of Germany and the chances are you 're thinking of a flaxen-haired fraulein hauling vast steins of beer through crowds of moustachioed men in leather shorts to the sound of an oompah band . Or perhaps you think about Angela Merkel . Each to their own . Germans may not be Europe 's biggest beer drinkers -- that honor goes to the Czechs -- but somehow they 've cornered the market in celebrating its consumption . This is largely thanks to Oktoberfest , Bavaria 's month-long answer to St. Patrick 's Day . In reality , although Germans do have a taste for hops , barley , malt and water , most drink steadily in rather more mundane circumstances . This is because beer can be bought and consumed not just in bars , but in shops , gas stations , newspaper stands and on public transport . Often without the aid of lederhosen or the sound of parping brass . Classic drink : White wine spritzer . Nah , just kidding . It 's beer . Hangover cure : Herring and raw onion . But you 'll need more beer to fix your herring breath . 8 . Uganda Uganda leads its African neighbors for alcohol intake , largely thanks to a rampant trade in illegally made rotgut and a winning formula of booze made from bananas . High on the menu is a potent liquor called waragi , also known as war gin because it was once used to fortify troops . Though drinking too much inevitably leads to surrender . Classic drink : Ajono -- a semi-fermented beer drunk from communal pots using long straws . Hangover cure : Luwombo -- another winning formula : meat cooked in banana leaves . 7 . South Korea In South Korea , booze acts like a pressure valve , allowing people to vent frustrations . Booze also acts as a lubricant , oiling the wheels of business . And , of course , booze acts like booze , getting people drunk . South Korea 's strict social protocols seem to dissolve in alcohol , with the most hierarchical of relationships turning to brotherhoods by the end of the night , or early morning . A good session involves rapidly soaking up as many "  bombs "  mixtures using "  golden ratios " of whiskey and beer  as possible and then speaking  or slurring  what 's left of your mind , preferably to your boss . To aid this process , glasses are emptied and quickly filled . Later , inevitably , stomachs are filled and quickly emptied . Classic drink : Soju -- to fans , a spirit capable of saving souls . To critics , cheap , sweet vodka . Hangover cure : Haejangguk -- a spicy ox blood broth . Sounds like a hangover , tastes like a cure . Also on CNN : How to survive a Korean drinking session 6 . Moldova This tiny former Soviet state has earned a reputation for boozing thanks to some World Health Organization stats that placed it top of the table  surely under the table ?  for alcohol consumption . There 's been a lot of grumbling about where these numbers came from , particularly as they indicate most people would be too sozzled to respond accurately to any survey . If they are drinking to excess , the Moldovans have a decent selection of homegrown wines to choose from . They also have their own versions of popular East European fruit brandies . These have the same effect as knocking yourself on the head with a hammer , but without the unnecessary expense of buying a hammer . Classic drink : Boza -- a sweet , malty fermentation only marginally less disgusting than pickle juice . Hangover cure : Pickle juice . 5 . Ecuador You know you 're off to a bad start when the local liquor is known as "  hangover in a bottle . " The best-selling Zhamir is a cheap but brain-penetratingly potent juice made from sugar cane that will get even the hairs on your head drunk after a couple of sips . There is a drinking etiquette in Ecuador . You must wait until a toast is made until you take the first sip of your drink . After that , you 're on your own , but it hardly matters since no one -- least of all you -- will remember anything about it . Classic drink : Cristal . Another headbanging local hooch , not the posh champagne . Hangover cure : In a country known for its coffee , obviously the best cure is oregano tea . 4 . France The French may sneer at the uncivilized drinking habits of their European neighbors , but they 're usually sneering with a glass of French vin close at hand . In France , wine is consumed alongside every meal except breakfast . It 's often more freely available , and cheaper , than water . Only French wines will do though . Despite regularly losing taste tests to New World rivals , the French remain steadfastly loyal to their own vineyards , almost to the point of denial . Supermarkets rarely sell alcohol that is n't French . They 're happy to eat snails , but they wo n't touch Belgian beer . Classic drink : Chateauneuf-du-Pape -- bold , peppery and over-confident . In other words : French . Hangover cure : Onion soup . Sorry , French onion soup . 3 . Russia For better or worse , drinking is a way of life in Russia . Not something that 's necessarily done for enjoyment , but something that 's stoically endured . Like a Siberian winter , gloomy literature or a shirtless political leader . Classic drink : Vodka . Hangover cure : Vodka . 2 . China China 's rapid economic expansion has seen it become a major consumer of oil , steel and other raw materials . With all that thirsty work , it must surely also have its eyes on the rest of the world 's refreshments . In the meantime , apart from Shanghai billionaires splurging on US$ 10,000 bottles of Chateau Margaux , the Chinese mostly stick to fiery grain-based liquors . The Chinese love celebratory drinking . Weddings , birthdays and business deals are all good excuses . Drinking takes the form of a series of increasingly incomprehensible toasts . To the outsider , this might seem tortuous . Just wait until the karaoke starts . Classic drink : Baijiu -- a white spirit that can also be used to clean vomit from inside a taxi . Hangover cure : Congee -- a porridge-like soup that unfortunately resembles stuff that could have been cleaned out of a taxi . 1 . Great Britain While the Irish have one date to celebrate their country 's abiding love of alcohol , the British have three : yesterday , today and tomorrow . The near-constant drinking in the UK revolves around the pub . After a few pints , sometimes the pub begins to revolve , too . Alcohol is used by many Brits to overcome their traditional reserve . And so pubs are the places where relationships begin and end , deals are struck , scores are settled and the whole theater of life plays out to its dramatic conclusion . A range of light snacks may also be available . Classic drink : Pint of bitter -- traditional ale that , contrary to popular belief , is rarely served warm . Hangover cure : Full English breakfast -- a greasy plate of fried meat that , contrary to health and safety regulations , is rarely served warm . Also on CNN : 10 tips for surviving London as a local	Australia -- pretensions to sophistication , but pronounce Sauvignon "  Sav " Korea -- where late-night drinking sessions grease the wheels of industry Ecuador -- local tipple is called "  hangover in a bottle " Great Britain -- do not believe the promise of dinner . Going for a drink means exactly , and only , that
Washington  CNN  -- A civilian guard at a new U.S. consulate in China pleaded guilty on Thursday to attempting to sell Chinese security officials photographs and access to the compound so they could plant listening devices . According to a court proffer , Bryan Underwood had lost a significant amount of money in the stock market and hoped to make between $ 3 million and $ 5 million by supplying classified photos and information to China 's Ministry of State Security . Underwood , 32 , appeared in federal court in Washington and pleaded guilty to one count of attempting to communicate national defense information to a foreign government . Under the terms of a plea agreement , the government agreed to drop charges that Underwood made false statements and that he failed to appear at a court hearing last year . In the court proffer signed by Underwood , he admitted writing a letter last year addressed to the Chinese Ministry of State Security . "  I know I have information and skills that would be beneficial to your offices  sic  goals , " Underwood wrote . "  And I know your office can assist me in my financial endeavors . " Underwood tried to deliver the letter to China 's Ministry of State Security  MSS  but a guard turned him away and would not accept the letter . According to court documents , Underwood then "  left the letter in the open in his apartment hoping that the MSS would find it . He believed the MSS routinely conducted searches of apartments occupied by Americans . " Prosecutors said that Underwood 's job was to protect the U.S. Consulate in Guangzhou -- not to make it vulnerable to Chinese counterintelligence . According to a news release quoting prosecutors , "  The U.S. government has found no evidence that Underwood succeeded in passing classified information concerning the U.S. Consulate in Guangzhou to anyone at the Chinese MSS . " Officials said there is no evidence suggesting the Chinese ever tried to recruit him for espionage . In May of 2011 Underwood took 30 photographs in restricted areas . Prosecutors said 15 of those "  depict areas and/or information that are classified at the SECRET level . " He drew a diagram showing the locations of security cameras at the compound and created a schematic listing all security upgrades to the building site . The proffer also said Underwood "  mentally " came up with a plan in which Chinese agents could get into the compound undetected for approximately six hours to "  install listening devices or other technical penetrations . " In addition to working as a guard at the consulate in February 2011 Underwood was asked by a U.S. law enforcement agent to help on a counter-surveillance project . Underwood was to tell the American agent about "  any suspected attempts by the Chinese Government to recruit him for intelligence purposes . " Underwood later came up with the idea to use his role helping law enforcement as a "  cover " for contacting the Chinese . According to court documents , Underwood 's stock brokerage account dropped from almost $ 69,000 in February 2011 to a negative sum of more than $ 89,000 in April 2011 . His account was frozen and he "  became panicked about his financial situation , " according to the court papers . Underwood was interviewed by law enforcement several times and finally admitted he was trying to sell information to the Chinese for financial gain . He was arrested September 1 , 2011 . Underwood failed to show up for a court appearance in Washington later in the month . The FBI caught up with him a few days later at a Los Angeles hotel , arrested him again and he 's been in jail ever since . "  Bryan Underwood was determined to make millions by selling secret photos of restricted areas inside a U.S. Consulate in China , " said U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen . "  His greed drove him to exploit his access to America 's secrets to line his own pockets . " Underwood appeared in federal court wearing an orange jail jumpsuit . He answered questions asked by U.S. District Judge Ellen Huvelle in a calm , clear voice . When asked about any history of psychological problems , Underwood said he takes medication for anxiety and depression . Underwood is scheduled to be sentenced on November 19 . The plea agreement recommends a sentence of at least 15 and a half years up to almost 20 years . Huvelle is not bound by the recommendation and could sentence Underwood to up to life in prison . From the archives : Chinese general discusses spies Report : Russia and China are top thieves of U.S. technology	Bryan Underwood had lost thousands in the stock market , prosecutors say He wrote a letter offering "  information and skills " to a Chinese ministry "  I know your office can assist me in my financial endeavors , " said the letter Underwood pleads guilty to attempting to communicate national defense information
Darren Wilson , the police officer who fatally shot an unarmed teenager in August , has resigned from the police department in Ferguson , Missouri , his attorney , Neil Bruntrager , confirmed to CNN Saturday night . In a telephone interview with the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , Wilson said he resigned after the police department told him it received threats of violence if he remained an employee . "  I 'm resigning of my own free will , " he said . "  I 'm not willing to let someone else get hurt because of me . " He said resigning was "  the hardest thing I 've ever had to do . " The resignation , which is immediate , comes five days after a grand jury decided not to indict Wilson in the killing of Michael Brown , 18 . The shooting sparked worldwide protests and the Monday announcement of no indictment triggered another round of demonstrations that continued through the week and into the weekend . As police and protesters clashed , a contentious national debate on race and law enforcement reopened , with many people complaining that police unfairly target black males . Wilson is white and Brown was black . Wilson says he 's sorry but his conscience is clear ` He 's 112 days too late ' People gathered again Saturday on the streets of Ferguson . One protester , Monica Chambers told CNN affiliate KMOV that Wilson should have been out of a job much earlier . "  He 's 112 days too late , " she said . "  He should have been fired on Day One . " Wilson had been a member of the Ferguson Police Department for six years . He had been on paid administrative leave since the incident . According to the Post-Dispatch , Wilson said he 's not receiving a severance package . He 'd been negotiating his resignation for weeks , according to people close to the talks . The letter does not say what Wilson plans to do next . Wilson , 28 , cited security fears in his letter of resignation , which reads : "  I , Darren Wilson , hereby resign my commission as a police officer with the City of Ferguson effective immediately . I have been told that my continued employment may put the residents and police officers of the City of Ferguson at risk , which is a circumstance that I can not allow . "  For obvious reasons , I wanted to wait until the grand jury made their decision before I officially made my decision to resign . It was my hope to continue in police work , but the safety of other police officers and the community are of paramount importance to me . It is my hope that my resignation will allow the community to heal . I would like to thank all of my supporters and fellow officers throughout this process . " Wilson 's lawyer , Bruntrager , told CNN that Wilson had been in hiding since days after the shooting , when he received a phone call saying his home address was circulating on the internet . He was mowing the grass at the time . Former officer moved from house to house "  He had to leave the grass literally halfway mowed and he had to go into hiding because there are death threats against him , there are bounties on his head , " he said . He stayed under the radar by moving from house to house , including briefly living with one of his lawyers , and spending time watching movies in dark theaters to avoid detection . During this time , Wilson married a fellow Ferguson police officer . According to a St. Louis County marriage license , Wilson on October 24 married Barbara Lynn Spradling , with whom he shares a home in St. Louis . On Tuesday , Wilson told ABC News that Brown was the aggressor in the minutes before the shooting . In an account that generally mirrored his testimony before the grand jury , Wilson said Brown had attacked him while the officer sat in his car , then fled . Wilson said he chased after Brown until Brown turned back toward him , refusing Wilson 's commands to stop . Wilson denied some witnesses ' claims that Brown had his hands up when he was fatally shot . "  That would be incorrect , " Wilson said . As Brown approached , Wilson said , he warned Brown to stop . When he did n't stop , Wilson fired his handgun . "  I had to . If I do n't , he will kill me if he gets to me , " Wilson said . Brown , who had been hit , continued to come toward Wilson , the officer said . Wilson fired again and began backing away . "  He gets to about 8 or 10 feet , and as he does that he kind of starts to lean forward , like he 's going to tackle me . And I look down the barrel of my gun and I fired and what I saw was his head , and that 's where  the bullet  went . " Governor calls for special session In other action related to Ferguson , Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon called for a special state legislative session to address "  critical funding " needs for the National Guard and state police after violent protests in Ferguson this week . In a late-night call with state legislative leaders Friday night , Nixon highlighted the session 's urgency to ensure Guard members are paid on December 15 , his office said in a statement . Hundreds more protesters turned out late Friday after a quiet Thanksgiving , clashing with officers and National Guard troops outside the Ferguson Police Department . As protesters stepped into the street , authorities rushed across to take them into custody -- pulling some to the ground and shackling them with plastic zip-tie cuffs . At least 16 people were arrested , including one facing a charge of assault on a law enforcement officer . One officer was injured , police said . The protests have spread beyond Ferguson . Nationwide demonstrations included service disruptions at an Oakland , California , transit station and a march in New York City . Protesters in Seattle clashed with authorities as well , prompting police to use pepper spray . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Protester in Ferguson says , "  He should have been fired on Day One " Wilson 's resignation letter : "  It is my hope that my resignation will allow the community to heal " His lawyer tells CNN Wilson heard threats had been made against the police department Wilson had been in hiding since the August slaying of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri
CNN  -- Syrian opposition groups said Saturday that they have formed a breakaway government , but many details were yet to emerge . The Local Coordination Committees , which organizes and documents protests against the Syrian regime , said 188 seats have so far been assigned to the council , but it may be 24 hours before the announcement of a presidential body . Groups including the Muslim Brotherhood of Syria , the Revolution Forces , the Public Council for Revolution Forces and the Superior Council of the Revolution have all joined the LCC in the opposition government , the LCC said Saturday . The groups are trying to create a Syrian National Council aimed at toppling the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . Syria has been locked in a violent months-long uprising that has seen security forces clash with anti-government protesters calling for free elections and the end of al-Assad 's rule . Activists said at least eight people died in protests and random shootings on Saturday , a day after the government said 13 security forces and three civilians died in clashes and an opposition group said 23 people , mostly civilians , died in the fighting . Activists also said women marched near the presidential palace in Damascus on Saturday , demanding the fall of the regime , the release of detainees and the lifting of blockades throughout the country . CNN is unable to independently confirm the claims . Al-Assad , who has characterized the protesters as "  armed gangs , " has insisted his security forces are battling terrorists intent on targeting civilians and fomenting unrest . The United States , the European Union and a number of Arab countries have called an al-Assad to end the crackdown and step down . Tensions between the United States and Syria escalated after the Syrian ambassador to the U.S. was called Friday to the State Department over an attempted attack a day earlier in Damascus on American Ambassador Robert Ford , spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters . "  The ambassador was reminded that Ambassador Ford is the personal representative of the president , and an attack on Ford is an attack on the United States , " Nuland said . About 100 pro-government protesters tried to storm a meeting between Ford and opposition leader Hassan Abdelazim , trapping Ford and others for more than an hour . Later , his convoy was attacked . The al-Assad regime had earlier accused Washington of inciting "  armed groups " into violence against its security forces . Nuland said Ambassador Imad Mustapha was asked to compensate the United States for damage to the vehicles . In a Facebook post Friday , Ford said he respected "  peaceful protest " -- including by pro-government factions to express their opposition to him and U.S. policy -- but insisted that Thursday 's incident was "  not peaceful . " He described demonstrators wielding iron bars ; throwing tomatoes , eggs and concrete blocks ; attacking embassy vehicles ; and trying to break into Azim 's office . "  Americans understand that we are seeing the ugly side of the Syrian regime , which uses brutal force , repression and intimidation to stay in power , " Ford wrote . "  We deeply feel for the Syrian families that are enduring the violence , killings and torture and pain . We hope that Syrians find solutions to the crisis soon , but we strongly doubt that the regime 's terrorizing the population will end the crisis . " Syrian state-run media , citing the Foreign Ministry , reported Friday that "  necessary measures " had been taken to protect Ford . Taking a page from the success of Libya 's National Transitional Council , Syrian opposition groups meeting in Istanbul worked together to bring the various groups under one opposition umbrella . Among those expected to be represented by the National Council are the Muslim Brotherhood , the Assyrian Organization and the General Authority of the Syrian Revolution , the LCC said . The LCC does not identify its membership out of a fear of reprisals by al-Assad 's security forces . CNN can not independently verify the claims of the group because the Syrian government has denied international journalists access to the country . The meeting concluded the same day news broke that prominent anti-government activist Marwa al-Ghemyan was detained Friday by Syrian security forces at the Damascus airport . Al-Ghemyan was detained as she was preparing to depart the capital and taken to a military security building , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said in a statement . The opposition group , which documents Syria 's anti-government movement , did not say how it confirmed her detention . Al-Ghemyan was previously detained by Syrian forces on March 4 and released on March 21 , the group said . CNN 's Elise Labott , Hamdi Alkhshali and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Syrian opposition say they have formed breakaway government council NEW : Many details have yet to emerge on the new Syrian National Council . NEW : Activists say eight people die in clashes and random gunfire on Saturday Syrian ambassador summoned over attack against U.S. ambassador , an official says
CNN  -- Delta Air Lines and American Airlines announced Thursday the cancellations of hundreds of flights so the companies can conduct inspections on bundles of wires in some of their jets . Delta cancellations will affect flights up until early Friday , according to a statement from the airline . The cancellations will affect flights through Friday , according to statements by both companies . A spokeswoman for Delta earlier said 325 flights would be canceled Thursday , but later said 275 flights were cut . "  Delta apologizes in advance for any inconvenience this may cause and is working to proactively contact and reaccommodate affected customers . Customers should call ahead to check flight status , " a Delta statement said . Wednesday , American Airlines canceled 318 flights , said company spokesman Tim Wagner . The airline canceled 132 of its estimated 2,300 flights scheduled for Thursday , Wagner said , about 6 percent of the daily schedule . The cancellations forced dozens of people to spend the night in the atrium of Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport . They slept wherever they could -- on couches , on the floor , some on non-moving baggage carousels . Kelly said the airline rebooked flights and covered the cost of hotel and food for passengers on canceled flights . It was initially believed that Delta 's MD-90 planes were part of the inspection but it was determined that the MD-88 planes were the only ones that needed to be inspected , a spokeswoman said . The airline said the checks are voluntary and are expected to be completed by week 's end . American Airlines , meanwhile , is examining wiring secured to its MD-80 aircraft . In Atlanta , the cancellations caused grousing among passengers who missed job interviews , connecting flights and the comfort of their beds , CNN affiliate WXIA reported . "  They told us 6:45  p.m.  . Then they told us 7:30 . Then 8 , so on and so forth and they just canceled , " passenger Fred Billizon told WXIA . "  So they had about 200 people just waiting on flights . And that 's not a lot of happy people . " This latest round of inspections was prompted by questions raised by the FAA and American safety officials about how a certain bundle of wires is secured to the MD-80 aircraft . The MD-80 is the workhorse of the American fleet . American 's Web site says the aircraft accounts for 300 of the airline 's fleet of 655 jets . The jet debuted in 1980 from McDonnell-Douglas , which was purchased by rival Boeing in 1997 . Boeing discontinued production of the aircraft in 1999 . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Delta cancelations only related to MD-88 , not MD-90s NEW : 275 Delta flights were canceled Thursday for safety inspections American Airlines canceled 318 flights Wednesday to inspect MD-80 aircraft American cancels 132 of its estimated 2,300 flights scheduled for Thursday
