CNN  -- For much of the next 10 days , the center of the baseball universe will not be Boston or L.A. but Kansas City , where the scrappy , longshot Royals will be playing in the World Series for the first time in 29 years . That 's right , doubters : Kansas City . KCMO ! Part Cowtown , part "  Paris of the Plains , " to cite just two of its nicknames . To snooty coastal Americans , it 's a flyover city , an indistinct heartland burg famous for ... well , nothing . But take a closer look and its humble Midwestern charms come into focus . Like a yoga master , KC sits perfectly centered in America 's midsection , surrounded on all sides by subtle prairie beauty . It straddles the Missouri River , and not one , but two states . Even its people are decent -- if New York is Donald Trump , Kansas City is Walter Cronkite , the trusted newsman who lived in the Missouri city as a boy and later started his journalism career there . Here are just some of the reasons Kansas City is already a winner . 1 . From last to first Everyone loves an underdog , and KC is a big one . For the past three decades , while baseball 's elite  Yankees , Cardinals , Red Sox  were racking up championships , the Royals toiled in the murky depths of the American League cellar . Over one horrific span of 18 years , they had one winning season . Each miserable spring , Royals ' fans ' hopes were dashed before the last snowfall melted . 5 reasons to love the Kansas City Royals But now , despite a roster of no-name players -- most Americans would n't know Lorenzo Cain from Lorenzo Lamas -- the Royals are good . Really good . They staged a wild comeback to top the A 's , swept the star-studded Angels and have now won a record eight playoff games in a row . Derek Jeter who ? Another view : 7 reasons why San Francisco 's a winner 2 . Three coins in the fountain  s Sure , we hear Rome is lovely . But folks in Kansas City will happily tell you they have more fountains , for one thing . Inspired by the grand cities of Europe , planners in the late 1800s filled Kansas City with parks , boulevards and public squares teeming with decorative water displays -- more than 200 in all . One of the first fountains even had basins for horses and dogs to drink from -- how cute is that ? Visitors to KC will find cascading fountains , waterspout fountains and fountains punctuated with statues . Even Kauffman Stadium , where the Royals play , has a fountain display beyond its right-field wall . Exuberant fans have been known to jump in them , which will get you thrown out of the ballpark . This year , it 's hard to blame them . 3 . Royals , meet ` Royals ' Yes , Lorde 's smash hit "  Royals " refers mostly to historical monarchs . But there 's a surprising Kansas City tie , too . The young singer has said the tune 's lyrics were also inspired by a 1976 National Geographic photo she saw of young Royals star George Brett signing baseballs . "  Baby I 'll rule , I 'll rule , I 'll rule , I 'll rule , " she sings in the song . "  Let me live that fantasy . " Yes , please , agree hopeful KC fans . 4 . For the love of meat This city knows its meat and more . With joints like Jack Stack and Oklahoma Joe 's  an Anthony Bourdain favorite  , KC 's barbecue can go head-to-head with any of its Southern brethren and come out on top .  Arthur Bryant 's is the classic must-mention : You decide if it 's better than Bourdain 's pick .  After all , it 's home to the Kansas City Barbeque Society , the governing body of the competitive barbecue circuit .  Note to barbecue novices : Different spots spell the word differently . 5 . Polite people People in Kansas City are nice . Heck , Walt Disney grew up there . And witness that likeable actor and KC native Paul Rudd , inviting fans back to his mom 's for a celebratory kegger after Wednesday night 's pennant win . He almost seemed to mean it . Even the KC cops seem like polite , reasonable fellows . After the ALCS-clinching win they tweeted , "  We trust you 'll channel your 29 years of pent-up excitement into a safe and classy celebration , #KC ! See you at the World Series ! " 6 . All that jazz New Orleans gets more music hype , but Kansas City was a hotbed of hard-swinging jazz in the early half of the 20th century . Legends like Count Basie , Coleman Hawkins , Charlie Parker and Lester Young all jammed frequently in clubs such as the Hi Hat and the Hey Hey , where players traded competitive solos deep into the night . Robert Altman celebrated this scene in "  Kansas City , " his 1996 crime drama set against a backdrop of 1930s jazz , and the American Jazz Museum is located in -- you guessed it -- KC . 7 . World 's tallest water slide Want an acrophobic thrill ? Climb 264 steps and then plunge down the world 's tallest water slide at Schlitterbahn Waterpark in Kansas City , Kansas . The Guinness World Records-certified water slide , called VerrÃ 1/4 ckt , is 168 feet 7 inches tall -- a longer drop than Niagara Falls . Even the steps , with their 25 turns , made Travel + Leisure 's list of the world 's scariest staircases .	The Royals are just one of many cool things about Kansas City City 's diverse nicknames include Cowtown and "  Paris of the Plains " KC is famous for its barbecue , legacy of jazz and its many fountains
CNN  -- The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center canceled a tsunami warning less than an hour after it was issued Wednesday for Kermadec Island , Tonga and New Zealand . A tsunami was detected following a major earthquake nearby . A 1-meter-high tsunami washed ashore at Raoul Island , the largest and northernmost of the main Kermadec Islands , said Vinhlu Hsu , a geophysicist with the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Hawaii . It caused no damage , he said . The tsunami formed after an earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.6 shook the Kermadec Islands at 7:03 a.m. Thursday  3:03 p.m. ET Wednesday  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The quake was centered 163 kilometers  101 miles  east of Raoul Island , and 913 kilometers  567 miles  south of Nuku'alofa , Tonga , the survey said . The depth was a relatively shallow 20 kilometers  12.4 miles  . "  Sea-level readings confirm that a tsunami was generated , " the center said . New Zealand 's Ministry of Civil Defense and Emergency Management said it was keeping a marine threat warning in place throughout Thursday for waters off northern New Zealand . Spokesman Vince Cholewa told CNN that boaters should not take to sea or operate in estuaries and people should stay off the beaches and coasts . "  There 's no foreseen threat of inundation , but tides and waves could cause serious problems for boaters , " said Cholewa . "  We do n't want people sightseeing down along the beaches today . " Boaters should take extra care to secure their ships in harbor , and should contact portmasters for the latest conditions , he urged . The West Coast/Alaska Tsunami Warning Center said no tsunami was expected along the Pacific Coast in the U.S. or Canada . In coastal locations that have experienced strong shaking , underwater landslides can trigger local tsunamis , the center said . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	1-meter-high tsunami washes ashore at Raoul Island The earthquake had a preliminary magnitude of 7.6 The U.S. Geological Survey says the quake was centered east of the Kermadec Islands
CNN  -- England footballer Rio Ferdinand accused European football 's governing body of not taking racism seriously enough after the Serbian FA was fined US$ 105,000 following an Under-21 match where opposing England players said they were racially abused . "  UEFA are not serious at all on racism . Fines do not work at all . They have zero impact on federations/clubs/fans / players , " Ferdinand wrote on Twitter . On Thursday , UEFA issued various punishments to both Serbia and England following incidents that broke out after their Under-21 teams met in a 2013 European Championship qualifier in October . In addition to banning two Serbian coaches as well as a total of six players from both sides , UEFA also ordered the eastern Europeans to play their next competitive Under-21 match behind closed doors . In chaotic scenes at the end of the match in the Serb city Krusevac , England defender Danny Rose was sent off for kicking the ball away in response to what he said was racist and physical abuse -- while fans , coaches and other players also clashed . Ferdinand -- whose brother was at the center of a racism row involving Chelsea defender John Terry -- suggested that UEFA should contact the current generation of footballers to discuss ways to eradicate racism within European football . "  UEFA need to talk to this generation ... they do n't seem to be up to date on this issue ?? Harsh punishments needed as a deterrent , " said the 34-year-old Manchester United player . UEFA 's punishment of the Serbian FA falls short of the $ 125,800 fine it handed to Denmark international Niklas Bendtner for exposing boxer shorts adorned with the logo of an online betting company during the 2012 European Championships . The English FA , which banned Terry for four matches in September following his racial abuse of QPR defender Anton Ferdinand in a match last year , backed the elder Ferdinand 's viewpoint , agreeing that the punishment should have been tougher . "  We are disappointed with the sanctions levied by UEFA with regards to the racist behavior displayed towards England 's players , " FA General Secretary Alex Horne said in a statement . "  Let 's be clear , racism is unacceptable in any form , and should play no part in football . The scenes were deplorable and we do not believe the sanction sends a strong enough message . " Horne added that the FA is set to appeal the two-year and one-year bans handed out to Steven Caulker and Thomas Ince respectively , with both players set to miss the opening matches of next year 's European Under-21 Championship . Serbia 's assistant coach Predrag Katić and fitness coach Andreja Milunović received two-year suspensions from football , with both able to return to the game sooner if they avoid similar incidents during their bans . Following the scuffles that broke out after England had booked their qualification for the 2013 European Championships with a 2-0 aggregate wins , the Serbian players to be banned are Goran Caušić , Ognjen Mudrinski , Filip Malbašić and Nikola Ninković . Earlier this year , Manchester City were infuriated after being fined $ 40,000 by UEFA for taking to the pitch late for a Europa League game - which was $ 13,000 more than FC Porto 's sanction for fans ' racist abuse during a game against the English club .	Serbian FA fined US$ 105,000 for incidents following Under-21 clash with England in October UEFA decision criticized by both English FA and Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand Four Serb and two English players receive bans for their part in post-match scuffles
CNN  The University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans last weekend at Panama City Beach , Florida , by spitting , urinating and pouring beer on them . "  They actually spit on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts . I come and I feel honored and I feel safe and that I belong , but now I feel like I 'm defending myself , " wounded veteran Nicholas Connole told CNN affiliate WJHG . "  People were urinating off the balconies , throwing up in the elevators , making suggestive and sexual comments about veterans with their service dogs and derogatory and suggestive comments about their wives , " said Linda Cope , organizer of the Warrior Beach Retreat . Both the University of Florida and the international office of Zeta Beta Tau are investigating , have apologized to the veterans group and the international office suspended activities for the fraternity chapters at the Florida school at at Emory in Atlanta . The fraternity 's executive director , Laurence Bolotin said in a statement that three fraternity members from the University of Florida have been expelled from the group . "  While the details of their actions are still under investigation , there is no doubt that some of our members engaged in ugly and unacceptable behavior , " Bolotin said . "  On behalf of our entire organization , I want to apologize to veterans , both those who were in Panama City Beach , and those who have felt the pain from afar , as well as to their families and all who support the Warrior Beach Retreat and had worked to make it a positive and meaningful occasion for attendees . " "  I am personally offended and disappointed by the behavior that has been described to me , " University of Florida Student Affairs Vice President Dave Kratzer said . "  This is not representative of our students or of the university . " A reporter for CNN affiliate WFOX went to the University of Florida fraternity house on Friday seeking comment from members . Nobody answered her knock on the door or would talk when she approached them in the parking lot . Do fraternities make men behave badly ? Emory University issued a statement saying it was appalled to hear of the disrespectful acts but said "  no evidence has been found to implicate Emory students in these reported incidents . " Cope said the Wounded Warriors stayed at the same resort where the fraternities were having their spring formal . She said the fraternity members had too much to drink the night of April 17 . "  We had an American flag flying outside and there was urination coming down from the balconies going onto the flag , " she said . "  One of the drunk kids pulled a veteran American flag out of the ground and -LSB- we -RSB- made the boy put it back . This all happened Friday afternoon , through the night , into the late morning . " She said the veterans and their families did not retaliate . "  These men and women acted like the leaders they are of our country , " she said . Cope told WJHG she received an apology letter from the University of Florida president and the president of Zeta Beta Tau at that school . The website for Zeta Beta Tau says it 's the the world 's first Jewish fraternity and prides itself on being an inclusive organization . In 1989 , it became the first fraternity to abolish pledging from its organization , the website said .	The executive director of Zeta Beta Tau fraternity apologizes for "  ugly and unacceptable behavior " University of Florida and Emory University fraternity members are being investigated Wounded veterans , fraternity members stayed at the same resort at Panama City Beach , Florida
CNN  -- Glamorous tennis star Ana Ivanovic has reached the quarterfinals of the Generali Ladies Linz tournament -- despite being penalized a game for taking too long in the toilet . The former world No. 1 , who was given a wildcard entry into the Austrian event after the late withdrawal of the injured Serena Williams , had been leading 1-0 in the second set on Thursday when she needed to leave the court . When she finally returned , the 22-year-old Serbian -- whose last tournament win came in Liz in 2008 -- discovered that her opponent Barbora Zahlavova Strycova had been awarded the next game of the second-round match . "  I 'm really embarrassed because I had yogurt right before I walked on . Do n't ever have yogurt before you have to play ! " Ivanovic , among the sport 's top earners despite her recent lack of form , explained at her later press conference . "  When I left the court I was really feeling sick . I said I really have to go to the bathroom and he -LSB- the umpire -RSB- said I could n't go now before her serve , but I said I have to . Then he said I could go on my own time . "  When I came back he said for every 20 seconds I got a point penalty . He said I was gone a long time and it added up to a game . I was not sure about the rules and just had to keep on playing . "  I could not argue because he said that 's how it is . It turned out to be good . I think I was so consumed with trying to feel a little bit better , but I think in normal circumstances it would make me really mad . " Ivanovic went on to triumph 6-3 6-2 , and the seventh seed will next face Julia Gorges for a place in the semifinals . The unseeded German upset fifth seed Petra Kvitova 6-2 6-1 as the 20-year-old Czech left-hander joined compatriot Strycova in exiting the tournament . Second seed Daniela Hantuchova came back from 3-1 down in the first set to beat Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro and set up a quarterfinal with Patty Schnyder . The Swiss left-hander shocked eighth-seeded Czech Klara Zakopalova 6-2 6-0 . Greek qualifier Eleni Daniilidou also made it through after defeating Austrian wildcard Sybille Bammer 6-1 7-6  7-2  , and she will next play German sixth seed Andrea Petkovic . Meanwhile , third seed Shahar Peer reached the quarterfinals of the HP Japan Women 's Open with a hard-fought 3-6 6-1 6-3 win over local player Ryoko Fuda in Osaka on Thursday . The Israeli will next play Czech seventh seed Iveta Benesova , who defeated Italy 's Alberta Brianti 6-1 7-5 . Japanese veteran Kimiko Date Krumm earned a clash with top seed Samantha Stosur as the 40-year-old beat compatriot Aiko Nakamura 6-2 6-0 . American Jill Craybas thrashed Ukraine 's Olga Savchuk 6-1 6-1 , and the 36-year-old will next play French second seed Marion Bartoli .	Ana Ivanovic penalized a game after needing an emergency toilet break in Austria Serbian blames her pre-match snack of yyogurtafter leaving the court against rules Seventh seed recovers to reach quarterfinals , where she will play Julia Gorges of Germany Israeli third seed Shahar Peer reaches the last eight at the HP Japan Women 's Open
CNN  -- A California educator who authorities say is the person accused in a YouTube video of sexual abuse by a former student was charged Monday with 16 felony counts of child sex abuse , the Riverside County District Attorney 's Office said . Andrea Michelle Cardosa was charged with five counts of aggravated sexual assault on a child and 11 counts of lewd acts on a child , the DA 's office said . Cardosa was arrested Monday evening by sheriff 's deputies and is expected to be arraigned Thursday . She faces possible life in prison if convicted of the aggravated sexual assault charges . Cardosa 's lawyer , Randy Collins , said in a written statement that in the face of "  very public claims of abuse , " it would be his task "  to see that justice prevails in the midst of the media wildfire . " He added , "  Fortunately , our justice system requires more than a YouTube video to determine the facts of a case . As we proceed , I am certain that evidence will shed new light on all charges filed by the D.A. 's office against my client . " Collins said Cardosa was grateful for the "  outpouring of support from her family , friends , colleagues , and students during this difficult time . " Earlier , he said Cardosa 's legal team planned to challenge the filing against the statute of limitations and challenge the bail motion to reduce the amount from $ 5 million . But John Hall , a spokesman for the district attorney 's office , said there is no statute of limitations on the most serious charge -- aggravated sexual assault on a child under 14 . Two women have come forward in connection with the case . The first woman , now 28 , posted a YouTube video in which she accused the educator of abusing her at age 12 . The second alleged victim , now 18 , has filed a complaint accusing the Val Verde Unified School District in Perris , California , of negligence . David Ring , lawyer for the older woman , said , "  She is very gratified that the DA has brought charges against this perpetrator . She hopes justice is done in the criminal case and that Cardosa admits to what she 's done , which she already admitted to in the phone call -- that she ruined her childhood . " Cardosa resigned January 17 from her most recent job as an administrator at Alhambra High School in Southern California after the first accusation was uploaded on YouTube , according to the school district . The video features the alleged victim on camera and what is said to be the teacher 's voice on a phone conversation . In the video , the teacher can be heard acknowledging the abuse claim . The first alleged victim said the abuse took place "  off and on " for her between the ages of 12 and 18 . She said she did n't come forward as a teenager because the teacher had brainwashed her . "  She told me that my family did n't love me . She told me that nobody cared about me and that she was the only one that loved me and the only one that was there for me , " she said . "  She made me believe that she was my only friend , and that I could trust her . " The alleged victim said she did n't want a physical relationship , but she said the teacher threatened her multiple times . "  She said that she would kill herself if I ever left . And I believed that , " the alleged victim said . CNN first learned of Monday 's charges on Twitter . CNN 's Stephanie Elam and Artemis Moshtaghian contributed to this story .	NEW : There 's no statute of limitations on the most serious charges , DA 's office says Andrea Cardosa is expected in court on Thursday , could face life in prison if convicted Authorities say she is the educator accused in a YouTube video of sexual abuse "  Our justice system requires more than a YouTube video , " her attorney says
CNN  -- As any bike lover can attest , cycling has numerous advantages over driving ; it 's cheaper , healthier , and when there 's traffic , the ride can be considerably quicker . What cars bring to the table is storage space . It 's difficult to imagine moving house , schlepping groceries or making deliveries by bicycle , but in a handful of cities , residents and businesses are choosing to do just that . Nine years ago , Rob King launched Outspoken Deliveries , a bicycle courier service in Cambridge , England -- a city often deemed the country 's most bike-friendly . "  When we started , there were a few companies in Cambridge doing what we do , but they were still using shoulder bags , and delivering small documents . We found these cargo bikes that operated like a small van , only they were much more flexible and faster , " he recalls . Today , his fleet includes bikes that can haul up to 250kg  550 pounds  . Last year , Outspoken started subcontracting for larger delivery firms , including Parcelforce , TNT and APC . "  Traveling that last mile or two to deliver a package can be a bit of a headache for delivery companies , " explains King . In the EU , larger companies often have to comply with automobile restrictions  in Cambridge , cars ca n't load or unload in the city center between 10am and 4pm without incurring a fine  and increased taxes for high-emission vehicles . Delivery by bike avoids those pitfalls . Research undertaken by CycleLogistics , an EU-funded project dedicated to replacing motorized freight transport with bikes , found that bikes and cargo bikes could accommodate 51 % of all deliveries in European cities currently being moved by all types of motor vehicles and over 90 % of all supermarket shopping trips . According to Austrian Mobility Research , that amounts to a saving of 37 million tons of C02 a year , or a full 1 % of Europe 's current emissions . "  C02 is n't even the main argument , " says Dr. Randy Rzewnicki , the project manager for CycleLogistics . "  There are an awful lot of more things that would benefit from moving shipping to bikes ; urban air pollution , noise pollution , traffic . Those are big problems in Europe . " Of course , a surge in bike usage does raise the issue of bicycle casualties , though according to Ceri Woolsgrove , the policy officer for road safety and technical issues at The European Cyclists ' Federation , reducing the number of delivery trucks could significantly reduce fatalities . "  Traditional lorries are really the most dangerous vehicle we come up against . They account for about 3 % of the total vehicle fleet in Europe , but 18 % of fatal road accidents . About 22 % of cyclists killed in the EU are killed in collisions with good vehicles and public transport , " he notes . Despite the many benefits to getting cargo bikes on the road , Rzewnicki finds that one of the biggest hurdles his mission faces is a misconception of what is transferable by bike . In point of fact , there are few limitations . King says some of the more unusual things they transport include medical samples and human tissue for local hospitals . "  We 've taken heart valves , and eyes , and all sorts , " he notes . In Copenhagen , a local sperm bank even developed a sperm-shaped bicycle that carries  you guessed it  sperm . To accomplish this , the belly of the bike has been outfitted with a nitrogen-cooled tank set to -320 degrees F to make carting samples around the city a possibility . "  We have about 15 clinics around the city , and we used to find ourselves stuck in traffic a lot of the time . By bike , it 's an easy 20 minute ride between them , " explains Dr. Peter Bower , the CEO of the European Sperm Bank . While Bower notes he 's "  taken it to the extreme , " he points out that in the cycle haven that is Copenhagen , cargo bikes are becoming the norm over cars . "  There are plumbers and carpenters and craftsmen that are starting to use bikes to carry a significant load . People here see the advantage of moving quickly through the city with more than you could carry on a regular bike .	Research suggests that 90 % of grocery trips could be made by bicycle Cargo bikes could accommodate half of all deliveries made in urban centers Though delivery trucks account for 3 % EU of traffic , they contribute to 18 % of fatal accidents
CNN  -- A Canadian firetruck responding with lights and sirens to a weekend fire in Rouses Point , New York , was stopped at the U.S. border for about eight minutes , U.S. border officials said Tuesday . The U.S.-Canadian border is more than 5,000 miles long . Fire officials battling the blaze called for help from fire departments in nearby Quebec , using a longstanding and often-used mutual aid agreement . But the first truck that arrived at the small Rouses Point border crossing was delayed as officials checked documentation of the firefighters and their truck , officials confirmed . Two other trucks that arrived at the crossing next were cleared in less than two minutes each , a time that one fire official said was still too long considering the situation . "  It 's embarrassing , " said Chris Trombley , chief of the Champlain -LSB- New York -RSB- Volunteer Fire Department and deputy fire coordinator for Clinton County Emergency Services . "  We 're calling for help from another country and the first roadblock they hit is at our border . " The Canadian firefighters "  were asked for IDs , " Trombley said . "  I believe they even ran the license plate on the truck to make sure it was legal . " In the past , firetrucks on emergency calls cleared border checkpoints in 30 seconds or less , Trombley said , although he said identification is sometimes checked upon their return . A U.S. Customs and Border Protection official said the eight-minute delay at the Rouses Point crossing was caused "  when one of the firefighters ' admissibility was brought into question . " He declined to elaborate , citing immigration and privacy laws . A government source familiar with the case said one firefighter had a criminal record , raising questions about whether he could enter the United States . Kevin Corsaro of the border protection 's Buffalo field office said the agency 's primary responsibility is to protect the homeland . He called the event an "  isolated incident " and said agency officials were meeting with local fire officials to "  develop a plan to prevent the possibility of any delays . " No one was seriously injured in the fire , but The Anchorage Inn restaurant -- a landmark in the village of Rouses Point -- was destroyed . A firefighter who suffered minor smoke inhalation was treated at the scene , said Michael LeBlanc , chief of the Rouses Point Volunteer Fire Department . The cause of the blaze has not been determined , he said . Ten fire departments , including the Canadian departments , responded to the fire . "  Would it -LSB- quicker passage at the border -RSB- have changed the outcome of the fire ? " Trombley asked . "  Would the building have been burned ? Of course it would . " But he said firefighters were getting fatigued fighting the fire and relief was delayed . "  Just the fact that it could happen and it could happen again is what has us worried , " he said . Clinton County has mutual aid agreements with fire departments in Vermont and Quebec , Trombley said , and the county requests help from Quebec fire departments about 30 times a year . It sends help to Canada a similar number of times , he said . Trombley and LeBlanc said they planned to meet with authorities on Wednesday to discuss the incident . LeBlanc declined to comment . "  I do n't have all the facts and I do n't want to mistake what happened , " he said . "  We 've had a mutual aid system in place since the '50s and I ca n't remember anything like this happening , " said Trombley . E-mail to a friend	Upstate New York firefighters asked nearby Canadian units for help with blaze Firetruck that responded held up at U.S. border for eight minutes Government source says one firefighter 's criminal record caused the delay U.S. firefighter calls it embarrassing , says it delayed relief for tired firefighters
Washington  CNN  -- More than 100 people protesting mountain-top removal coal mining were arrested Monday outside the White House for failing to obey an order to disperse , the U.S. Park Service said . All 114 people arrested at the protest against mountain-top mining were later released pending a court date , according to the park service . The protesters , most from the Appalachian coal-mining states , had a permit to gather in front of the White House , but some failed to follow rules set out in the permit , according to a park service spokesman . The protest capped a three-day event called "  Appalachia Rising " in the nation 's capital . Residents of states in the coal mining region -- West Virginia , Virginia , Kentucky and Tennessee -- first came together for a weekend conference called "  Voices from the Mountains . " On Monday , organizers said , hundreds of people gathered at Freedom Plaza for a rally and march to the White House , where 114 people staged a sit-in . They were arrested when they refused to move . "  The science is clear , mountaintop removal destroys historic mountain ranges , poisons water supplies and pollutes the air with coal and rock dust , " said climate scientist James Hansen , who was arrested at the White House . "  Mountaintop removal , providing only a small fraction of our energy , can and should be abolished . The time for half measures and caving in to polluting industries must end . " "  I have talked , begged , debated , written letters to officials , published op-ed pieces in newspapers and lobbied on the state and federal level to end mountaintop removal , " said Mickey McCoy , former mayor of Inez , Kentucky , who was also arrested . "  Being arrested ? That 's such a small price to pay for being heard . My home and people are paying the real price for mountaintop removal . They are dying . " Mountain-top mining refers to a form of coal mining most common in the Appalachian Mountains of the eastern United States in which the peak or top of a mountain is removed . The resulting degradation of the environment affects water sources such as streams , as well as animal and plant life in the area .	NEW : Civil disobedience act caps weekend conference The U.S. Park Service says more than 100 people were arrested All those detained were later released pending a court date The protest was against mountain-top mining
CNN  -- We know , we know , with Halloween on the horizon , there 's a lot to decide : Sexy costume or scary costume ? Jack-o ' - lantern or pumpkin pie ? Healthy trick-or-treats or high-fructose corn syrup ? But it 's all in good fun . Unless , of course , we 're talking about your dog . Yes , little Fluffy , Belle and Butch see you coming with those rabbit ears a mile away .  Maybe they 'd like it more if they knew the United States was spending an estimated $ 55 billion on them this year ? Do n't they know we buy those tutus and sweaters out of love ? Here are a few pets from CNN iReport who pulled off a costume with style , humor -- and maybe even dignity . Will you be dressing your dog or cat for Halloween this year ? Tell us about the costume in the comments , on Facebook or on Twitter @CNNLiving !	iReporters shared images of beloved pets in costume for Halloween Here 's some inspiration to help you decide what might be a good look for your pooch
CNN  -- Columbia University will welcome back the U.S. Navy and a new class for the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps on Monday after a more than 40-year absence , according to a news release from the Naval Service Training Command . Columbia University President Lee C. Bollinger and Assistant Secretary of the Navy Juan M. Garcia III will offer remarks on Monday afternoon to commemorate the occasion , the release says . The program was banned in 1969 amid controversy over the war in Vietnam . Columbia 's University Senate passed a resolution by a vote of 51-17 in April 2011 on the heels of the repeal of the do n't ask do n't tell law that forbade gay and lesbian service members from serving openly . The repeal "  provided a historic opportunity for our nation to live up to its ideals of equality and also for universities to reconsider their relationships with the military , " Bollinger said upon announcing the reinstatement in 2011 . The reinstitution of NROTC at Columbia is in line with President Barack Obama 's 2011 "  call for inclusion at the nation 's elite colleges and universities , " the release says . "  Columbia is proud of our record of welcoming a sizable student veteran population in recent years , " a statement from the university says . It is believed that there are now more than 600 student veterans enrolled for the 2013-14 academic year , the statement said . The NROTC program educates and trains young men and women for leadership positions in the Navy and Marine Corps , the Navy 's statement said .	Columbia University will reinstate the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps The program was banned from campus in 1969 amid Vietnam War controversy The university approved the return of NROTC in 2011 after do n't ask do n't tell was repealed
CNN  -- A couple of years ago , I came across a film about London 's East Street market which in the 80 's was a regular Sunday outing for my family . The memories flooded back , I sent the link to my brother and we vowed to visit soon to buy cheap greetings cards and show our support . And then another film grabbed my attention . A young Afghan girl learning to drive allowed us a slice of her life . It made me sit up . MyStreet is the website hosting these films and many others -- encouraging the use of digital tools to open up the experience of making and sharing your own ` story ' . Both local and global audiences can tap in -- a connection to something familiar or a learning of something unknown . 50 new tech tools you should know about Anthropology as the ` science of humanity ' has broadened , and the idea of the anthropologist has evolved . Like with many professions , the baton has passed from trained individuals to you , to me , to a big wide world . These days , user generated is the norm , online communities have the power , and social media allows us to create a running commentary of our lives . In the 1930 's , the Mass Observation project was first carried out to provide a fair representation of life in the UK . Over 500 untrained volunteer observers and investigators were enlisted to record man-in-the-street conversations , keep diaries , and complete questionnaires . Today we continue to do the same , only now using our own personal devices to create our own updates - and comment on everyone else 's . The woman using social media to predict future MyStreet was created in the Anthropology Department of University College London by Dr. Michael Stewart , as an international online film archive that incorporates a strong sense of collaborative anthropology . Films are submitted from all over the world , linked to a postcode , town , street , appearing as pins on a geo-tagged map . Its global context is important and growing - our stories are placed alongside each others ' , all just as valid , with workshops being carried out on the ground to teach basic filmmaking skills . It runs an annual UK competition with the actor Jeremy Irons chairing the jury , for which the deadline is May 31 . As an arts producer I initially saw it as a film channel - a platform for short documentaries - curated , so not a free-for-all YouTube . And then when catching wind of the map element , it became a heartfelt version of Google 's Street View . Healing the world through film These are not documentary films made by experienced professionals . Some are admittedly beautifully shot , some made on mobile phones , some by 12-year-olds . Some have a simple story to tell , some a major issue to get across . It is used as a citizen journalism and campaigning platform , and there 's an obvious home for activism here . MyStreet is a modern day Domesday Book , a moving image census - a consolidated archive that can be looked upon in 100 years time showing ` that 's how they lived . ' But it makes everyone 's voice important , and all those who contributed can call themselves anthropologists . They made the most of the digital tools we have available to tell their story . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Olivia Bellas .	MyStreet is a website where people can tell their stories by uploading short films Films are submitted from all over the world and geo-tagged to a location Olivia Bellas says that social media and digital tools have opened up anthropology to non-experts
CNN  -- Chelsea maintained their unbeaten run in the English Premier League with a 4-2 win over London rivals Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane on Saturday . The match , which saw Spurs manager Andre Villas-Boas face his former club for the first time since Chelsea sacked him in March , sparked into life in the 17th when Gary Cahill struck a stunning volley to give the league leaders the lead . That 's how it stayed for the remainder of the first half before Spurs mounted a comeback in a breathless second half . William Gallas netted his first goal for Spurs two minutes after the break to bring the home side level before Jermain Defoe turned in Aaron Lennon 's cross to give Villas-Boas ' new team the lead in the 54th minute . But Chelsea responded superbly to the setback with Juan Mata leading the fightback with two goals in three minutes . First , a poor clearance from Gallas fell to the advancing Mata who controlled the ball instantly before guided a low shot past a helpless Brad Friedel . Chelsea had their noses back in front moments later when Eden Hazard 's pass split the Spurs ' defence with Mata scurrying through to put the ball in the back of the net . Spurs attempts to get back on level terms came to nothing and it was Mata once again who finally put the result beyond doubt . This time , the Spanish international turned provider finding Daniel Sturridge with a low cross which the Englishman side-footed home from close range . It completed an unhappy day for Villas-Boas against his former employers as well as bringing to an end a four-match winning streak in the league for Spurs . Chelsea remain at the top of the table with 22 points from a possible 24 . Both Manchester City and Manchester United recorded wins on Saturday to remain four points behind Roberto Di Matteo 's side . A Wayne Rooney own goal in the 11th minute gave Stoke City the lead at Old Trafford before the English international equalized at the other end 16 minutes later . Robin van Persie and Danny Welbeck then scored either side of the break to give United a two-goal cushion . Stoke 's Michael Kightly halved the deficit in the 58th minute but Rooney scored again seven minutes later to make it 4-2 , which is how it stayed . Edin Dzeko came off the bench to spare City 's blushes at West Brom . Roberto Mancini 's side were reduced to 10 men midway through the first half when James Milner was shown a red card for a challenge on Shane Long . The Irish striker then gave the home side the lead in the 67th minute before Dzeko came to the rescue with two goals in the last ten minutes to seal a last-gasp 2-1 win . Norwich City recorded their first three points of the season with a battling 1-0 win over Arsenal . Grant Holt 's 19th minute goal -- slotting home after Arsenal keeper Vito Mannone could only parry Alexander Tettey 's low drive -- consigned Arsene Wenger 's side to their first defeat at Carrow Road since 1984 . The win moves Chris Hughton 's team up to 15th with six points while Arsenal are ninth with 12 points . West Ham United are up to seventh after thrashing struggling Southampton 4-1 at Upton Park . Liverpool also move up the table to 11th after beating Reading 1-0 at Anfield . Teenager Raheem Sterling scored his first goal for the club which was enough to earn Brendan Rodgers his first league win at home since taking over in the summer . Swansea City are one place above Liverpool after they beat Wigan 2-1 . Fulham beat Aston Villa 1-0 at Craven Cottage to move up to eighth .	Spain 's Juan Mata scores twice as Chelsea beat Spurs 4-2 in English Premier League Andre Villas-Boas faces his former team for first time since he was sacked in March Chelsea have taken 22 points from a possible 24 league points ; Spurs ' four-match winning streak ended Both Manchester United and Manchester City win to stay second and third respectively
CNN  -- Roger Federer 's preparations for the French Open came to a shuddering halt after he was stunned by Japan 's Kei Nishikori at the Madrid Open Thursday . World No. 2 Federer , who was playing his first tournament since losing to Rafael Nadal at Indian Wells in March , suffered a 6-4 1-6 6-2 third round defeat by the 14th seed . The Swiss ace follows World No. 1 Novak Djokovic in crashing out of the tournament with the Serb star losing to Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov on Tuesday Federer , 31 , has won 17 grand slam titles during his illustrious career , but has managed just one win at Roland Garros . This defeat will see him slip down below Andy Murray to number three in the world and Federer admits his performance came as something as a surprise . "  Overall , I 'm pretty disappointed with my play , " he told a press conference following the match . "  I 'm not sure how well Kei thought he played . I did n't think he had to play his very best either , which is even more disappointing . "  It does n't change my mindset going forward . I 'm going to go back to the practice court , train hard , and make sure I do n't have these kind of days anymore . " But while the start of the French Open is less than three weeks away , Federer is adamant this latest setback will not affect his chances of glory at Roland Garros . He told reporters : "  We 're not playing for the French Open . This is early . We 're weeks away from the French Open . "  It 's nice to have the French Open as a tournament on the calendar but not everything is sacrificed for that . "  For that particular player or for the media or the fans the French Open is the ultimate thing and the only thing they care about . "  Then clearly Madrid is the lead up tournament . "  That 's not how I see it . For me , every tournament counts . "  So I 'm as disappointed losing here as the French Open . There is no difference really . " But for Nishikori , who lost his only previous meeting in straight sets against Federer in Basel two years ago , this was possibly the greatest win of his career . "  He 's my idol , " the 23-year-old told reporters after seeing off Federer . "  Beating him was one of my career objectives . "  It 's fantastic that this happened on a clay court . As you know , it 's not my best surface . " "  I lost second or third round last week and I was struggling a little bit so I did n't have much confidence . "  But I played two good matches in the first and second round and to beat Roger , well , I 'll need a couple days to celebrate . " Nishikori will play Spanish qualifier Pablo Andujar for a place in the semifinal . Meanwhile , Rafael Nadal is into the last eight after defeating Russia Mikhail Youzhny 6-2 6-3 . The World No. 5 , who lost out in the third round last year , has won four titles since his return to action in February following a seven-month injury layoff . Nadal , who is hoping to win an eighth French Open crown in Paris , told Spanish television that he was happy with his current level of fitness . "  We are just doing what we can every day , " the 26-year-old told La Sexta . "  I am in the quarterfinals and it makes me very happy to have another chance to play in Madrid in front of these magnificent fans . "  It 's not the time to be talking more than necessary . I will try to enjoy every moment as much as possible . " Meanwhile , sixth seed Tomas Berdych sealed a quarterfinal place with a 7-6 7-5 win over Kevin Anderson . Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , seeded seventh , came from a set down to defeat Spain 's Fernando Verdasco 4-6 6-3 6-2 . But there was bad news for Djokovic 's conqueror , Dimitrov , who was beaten 3-6 6-4 6-1 by Stanislas Wawrinka . In the women 's side of the tournament , World No. 1 Serena Williams cruised into the last eight with 6-3 6-1 win over Maria Kirilenko . Williams , who suffered a shock opening round defeat at last year 's French Open , has now won eight straight matches on clay this season . "  I think more than anything I learned not to become overconfident , " she told reporters . "  I think I 'll just take that with me to the French this year . I think I was a little confident last year and I felt really good ; this year I 'm going to take every moment like it 's my last . " Maria Sharapova booked her place in the quarterfinals with a comfortable 6-2 7-5 win over Germany 's Sabine Lisicki . And Sharapova , currently ranked second in the world , believes she 's in great form going into the defense of her title at Roland Garros . "  I think when you win a Grand Slam on a surface , it would be pretty mean of me to say that I 'm not comfortable on the surface , " she told reporters . "  It took me many years to get to the level of where I am today . It certainly did n't happen overnight . "  I worked extremely hard on getting stronger and recovering better , moving better on the court , giving myself a better position on the court , especially after being on the defensive and trying to play aggressively as I always do on quicker surfaces . "	Kei Nishikori defeated Roger Federer in quarterfinal of Madrid Open Japanese star will play Rafael Nadal in last four Nadal cruised past Russia 's Mikhail Youhzny 6-2 6-3 Victories for Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova
Tampa , Florida  CNN  -- Dianne McLeod recalls her husband , Stanley , getting so visibly upset when the debt collectors called that she had to take the phone away from him . She believes constant harassing phone calls and other tactics eventually killed him . "  I think they were a major contributor to his death because of the stress and what I saw it doing to him , " she said . McLeod is suing her mortgage company , Green Tree Servicing , for the wrongful death of her husband . McLeod said she thinks he would be alive if not for the stress caused by Green Tree 's debt collectors . She said they sometimes called up to 10 times a day and also called the McLeods ' neighbors . "  He would begin to sweat ; he would also get very red in the face and complain about chest pains , " McLeod said . "  We were worried he was gon na have a heart attack right there on the phone . " Stanley McLeod had a heart condition and in 2002 was airlifted to a hospital after a second heart attack . He went on disability and Dianne McLeod says they fell behind about three months on their mortgage payments . This is a message left on the their home answering machine , allegedly by a male Green Tree representative : "  Stanley McLeod , you need to call Green Tree and get your act together and make your payments on your mortgage and quit playing these games . "  Why do n't you have that helicopter pick you up and bring that payment to the office ? " It 's a phone call the McLeod family will never forget . "  It was so inhumane to talk to someone like that and to take an event that was traumatizing to him and to make a jest out of it , " McLeod said . Stanley McLeod died of heart failure in 2005 . "  The collection activity did not lead to his death . The claim is meritless , " said Senior Vice President and General Counsel Brian Corey of Green Tree Servicing . "  We deny that the content , the number or the timing of the calls had anything to do with him dying in 2005 , " Corey said . Debt collection is regulated by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission , which forbids harassing consumers . Companies can be fined $ 16,000 per incident . This year , as the economy plunged , consumer complaints shot up . More than 45,000 complaints had been received by the FTC through the end of June , up about 20 percent over last year . The Association of Credit and Collection Professionals represents about 5,500 companies in the industry . "  The vast majority are very ethical , caring individuals who look for resolution to problems , " said Adam Peterman , the organization 's director of federal government affairs . "  A bad apple can spoil the bunch too often , so we have to keep pushing that rock up the hill to help prevent that , " he said . Billy Howard is an attorney who runs the Consumer Protection Division for Morgan & Morgan . Howard represents McLeod and has about 500 similar cases against companies who use what he called "  Tony Soprano tactics , " a reference to the fictional organized crime leader who was the central character in the HBO drama "  The Sopranos . " "  I think it 's frightening because these companies go after people and they utilize tactics people just do n't know are illegal , " Howard said . "  Scare tactics work . They 've worked for years . That 's how the mafia made so much money . That 's how these mafia-like tactics result in so much money . People are scared , " he said . Howard says one of his other clients had this message waiting on the answering machine : "  You 're a piece of s -- . That 's why you turned your phone off . Mother f ----- . But that 's OK . "  You have n't heard the last of me . But if it takes me a year or takes me two , believe me , I will find you . You better move . But if you move , you better move to California , 'cause I do travel . And I like traveling . Goodbye . " And then there was this one : "  When I see you . I 'm gon na f -- you up . I want my money , and I want it now . I hate people who lie to me and abuse my company . ... If you bring my money back , you do n't have to worry about me , just disregard my message . " The FTC said it receives more complaints about debt collectors than any other industry . Complaints are also filed directly with attorneys general in all 50 states , which can open state investigations . Of the 45,000 complaints received by the FTC in 2009 , the agency opened one investigation . According to FTC officials , their primary role is to be a backstop to lawsuits brought by consumers , which is the primary way to fight the alleged abuse . "  We do n't have the manpower to individually investigate all of the complaints , " said Tom Pahl of the FTC 's division of financial practices . "  We try to target the worst actors , " he said . The FTC urges consumers with complaints to report them to their state attorney general , to the FTC and to consider filing suit against the company they believe is harassing them . Anna Inglett is president and CEO of PHG Financial Recovery Services in Tampa , Florida . "  Those companies that do that will eventually put their own selves out of business . ... We want them gone . We want them all gone , " she said . But she also said debt collection is an important part of the economy . "  If we did not have debt collectors that helped businesses get the money that 's owed to them , then who voluntarily would pay any bills ? " she said . McLeod said she remembers the endless phone calls at all hours of the day and night . "  They did not seem to care . ... They did n't care what they said or how many times they called , " she said . The trial is scheduled to begin in January .	Dianne McLeod says debt collecting tactics contributed to her husband 's death The couple fell behind in their mortgage payments after her husband went on disability The mortgage company calls claim "  meritless "
CNN  -- It is the world 's rarest whale and one of its rarest mammals . Almost a thing of legend , scientists have never seen a spade-toothed beaked whale alive and , until recently , only had limited skeletal evidence they existed . So rare is the species that when a pair of dead whales washed up on a New Zealand beach in late 2010 , scientists did n't even know what they had . But now they do ... and they 're a bit giddy . "  It was a bit like finding the holy grail , " said Anton van Helden , the collection manager of marine mammals at the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa . He 's one of the co-authors of a paper published this week in the journal "  Current Biology " documenting the discovery . Another co-author , Rochelle Constantine with the School of Biological Sciences at the University of Auckland , made the discovery in 2011 while testing tissue samples from the whales with colleague Kirsten Thompson . "  When she showed me the result we were both a bit stunned , " Constantine said . "  We re-ran the sample again to make sure , even though the DNA clearly showed it was a spade-toothed beaked whale . " The results were stunning because only three partial specimens of the species were known to exist -- two collected in New Zealand in 1872 and in the 1950s and a third found on Robinson Crusoe Island off the coast of Chile in 1986 . The spade-toothed beaked whale looks similar to a large black , white and gray dolphin with its long pointed snout . Scientists believe they grow to be about 17 feet long . Adult males have large exposed teeth as the name suggests . Mistaken for a Gray 's beaked whale after their discovery , the adult female and juvenile male were buried near where they were found on Opape Beach . Scientists were anxious to recover the remains and did in early 2012 . "  We now have collected the only complete specimen in the world of this rarest of whales , " van Helden said . "  Sadly the head of the adult female had washed away through beach erosion . " Still , the recovery of the remains is a bonanza for scientists who study cetaceans . "  Yes , the discovery is indeed most exciting , " said geology professor Ewan Fordyce , who studies the evolution of whales and dolphins at University of Otago but who was not involved in the research . "  Now we have an idea of the appearance and size of the species . " Its lifestyle and habits are another story -- not surprising for a species researchers have never seen alive . Scientists can only guess based on what they know about other beaked whales , which are often boat-shy , spend little time at the surface and dive to depths of 6,600 feet  about 2,000 meters  , according to van Helden . They probably dine on squid . Yet , scientists are excited by the challenge . "  This is the species of whale that we know the least about in the world , " Constantine said . "  It has never been seen before , as far as we know , and for the first time we have an idea of what it looks like . "	The spade-toothed beaked whale is rarest of whales Scientists only had partial skeletal remains of the species before An adult female and juvenile male washed up on a New Zealand beach in 2010 Only months later did researches know what they had
Taxi drivers and bellboys are n't the only ones going back to school to learn a little English ahead of the 2014 World Cup to be hosted in various cities across Brazil . In the Brazilian city of Belo Horizonte , prostitutes are lining up for free English classes that will be offered by the regional Association of Prostitution starting in March . Read more : Brazil boosts World Cup security budget "  Across Brazil , lots of businesses in the private sector are getting prepared and making their workers more qualified for the Cup . Well , this is a profession , too , " Cida Vieira , the president of the association , told CNN in a telephone interview . In Brazil , prostitution is legal , although sexual exploitation and pimping are not . Read more : Can ` sugar seats ' bring sweet taste of success to Brazil ? "  English will be very important to communicate with clients during the Cup , " Vieira said . "  They 'll have to learn how to work out financial deals and also use a specialized vocabulary with sensual words and fetishes . " Vieira said that 20 prostitutes had already signed up , but that she expected at least 300 women to participate in the classes once they started . The association is in talks with teachers and English speakers to provide their services free of charge , similar to deals they have with doctors and health care workers . The classes would last six to eight months . Belo Horizonte will host football games not only for the World Cup in 2014 , but also for the Confederations Cup , a kind of dress rehearsal that will take place in June 2013 .	Starting in March , association hopes to offer lessons to deal with World Cup tourist influx 20 have signed up , and at least 300 women are expected to take part , association chief says She says English skills will help with financial deals , discussion of sensual ideas and fetishes Prostitution is legal in Brazil , but sexual exploitation and pimping are not
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- Several youths were injured Tuesday in Mali when rebels opened fire on hundreds of people protesting the killing of a local official the night before , witnesses said . The protesters , women and children among them , gathered in the city center in the northern town of Gao on Tuesday morning . Some set up barricades and burned tires . Gao is controlled by Tuareg rebels and the Islamist group Ansar Dine . The violence broke out as people protested against the death of a member of the City Council , Idrissa Oumarou , who was shot on Monday . It was the Tuareg rebels ' separatist National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad , the MNLA , who opened fire on the protesters , said Aguissa Ag Badara , a local guide who was among the youths who marched toward the group 's headquarters . He said the rebels started shooting as they approached the building , hitting a man beside him . "  I saw three people being shot . Others say there were several injured and many had to be taken to the hospital , " said Ag Badara . Boubacar Cissé , a doctor in the hospital in Gao , said he received three severely injured patients , one of whom was in critical condition . "  This morning people took down the flag of MNLA and hoisted the Malian flag , " he said . "  In the street the youth were burning tires . Later they tried to raise barricades around the town . Again there was shooting . " The West African nation was plunged into chaos by a military coup in March that ousted former President Amadou Toumani Toure . Since then , ethnic Tuareg rebels and militant Islamists have taken advantage of the uncertainty to seize control of the northern portion of the country . Ag Badara said the situation in Gao was tense Tuesday . "  Everyone is tired of the rebels and how they are treating the population . The people want the MNLA to leave Gao , " he said . "  The Malian military must come and help us . " MNLA spokesman Moussa Ag Assarid denied that any protesters were injured , saying the guards had fired in the air when the demonstrators approached the building . He said he regretted the death of the councilor , which he had heard was the result of "  a misunderstanding between him and the MNLA soldiers . " He claimed the protesters had been manipulated by Ansar Dine , which he said had told the group to march . A transitional government , appointed after the coup leader agreed to a deal with West African nations to hand over power , is supposed to be working toward the restoration of democracy . Mali was shocked last month , however , when a mob stormed the presidential palace in the capital , Bamako , and brutally beat the country 's caretaker leader . The country was in the past hailed in the West as a beacon of stability and model of African democracy .	A witness says Tuareg rebels fired on protesters as they marched toward their HQ The northern town of Gao is held by the Tuareg rebels and an Islamist group Mali was thrown into chaos by a military coup in March
London , England  CNN  -- Britain said Thursday it expects Iceland to live up to its obligations , two days after Iceland 's president refused to sign a bill that would pay back billions of dollars Iceland owes the country . Britain spent 2.3 billion pounds  $ 3.69 billion  last year to cover the losses that British savers incurred when Icelandic banks collapsed . Under a European Union directive , Iceland owes compensation to Britain . Iceland 's parliament passed a bill last week authorizing a state guarantee for repayment of the funds , but President Olafur Ragnar Grimmson refused to sign it Tuesday . It means there will now be a public referendum on whether to approve the bill . It also puts into question whether Britain can get repaid . "  We expect Iceland to live up to its obligations , " said a British Treasury spokesman , who was not authorized to give his name . "  We support them in finding a way to do that . " Similar comments came from Dutch Finance Minister Wouter Bos , whose government spent 1.3 billion euros  $ 1.87 billion  to cover bank losses in the country . Despite his refusal to sign the bill , Grimmson told CNN Wednesday that Iceland will not shirk its duty to repay the money . "  Iceland recognizes its obligations under this agreement , " he said . Resolving the issue , he added , "  is a key to our recovery and our harmonious relations with these countries . " Grimmson acknowledged that the referendum puts repayment in doubt , though he said at the very least , Icelandic opinion polls show the vote will be "  very close . " He did not explain how Iceland would repay the money if voters reject the bill . Britain and the Netherlands said it was too early to speculate on what might happen if voters in Iceland vote no , but both Bos and the British Treasury spokesman said it would have negative consequences internationally for the small Atlantic nation . "  If the referendum goes against us , then I think Iceland will have a big problem because they will have shown themselves to be very unreliable partners in the international financial scene , " Bos told CNN . Bos said non-repayment of the funds would affect "  the long-term interest of the Iceland economy and the Iceland people . " In a statement Tuesday , Grimmson said the reason he refused to sign the bill was so it would go to a referendum , which is required by law in such a case . He said he received a petition over the weekend , signed by a quarter of the electorate , urging the decision be put to a public vote . "  It is the cornerstone of the constitutional structure of the Republic of Iceland that the people are the supreme judge of the validity of the law , " Grimmson said in the statement . The law passed by Iceland 's parliament would compensate Britain and the Netherlands by 2024 . The International Monetary Fund approved a loan of $ 2.1 billion to Iceland in November , making repayment of the British and Dutch funds a requirement . It is unclear how the IMF loan would be affected if Icelandic voters were to reject the repayment bill .	UK spent $ 3.69 billion last year to cover British savers ' losses when Icelandic banks collapsed Dutch authorities spent $ 1.87 billion for the same reason Iceland 's parliament passed a bill authorizing a state guarantee for repayment of the loan President Olafur Ragnar Grimmson instead chose to put decision to repay loans to a public referendum
CNN  -- America 's response to the most dangerous security crisis Europe has faced in decades has been all speeches and symbolism with no actions of substance . On Wednesday , President Barack Obama hosted Arseniy Yatsenyuk , the new interim Ukrainian Prime Minister , for lunch at the White House , supposedly a thumb in the eye of Russian President Vladimir Putin and a sign of America 's commitment to Ukrainian sovereignty . On Thursday , Secretary of State John Kerry announced that the U.S. will take "  very serious " steps if Russia does not back down by Monday from its attempt to annex Crimea . But while the White House was serving lunch and the State Department was issuing stern warnings , the President was also refusing to lift a finger to actually deter Putin 's aggression . According to The Wall Street Journal , the Obama administration , "  wary of inflaming tensions with Russia , " has refused to act on Ukraine 's emergency request for military aid , including arms and ammunition , except to send military rations . Officials in Kiev estimate that Putin has amassed 80,000 Russian troops on the Ukrainian border , and we are worried about "  inflaming tensions " ? When will the administration put its might where its mouth is : When Kiev is in flames ? Or never ? As for Yatsenyuk , whose visit symbolized our solidarity , well Obama hopes you had a nice dessert , because we 're not going to give your country the weapons it needs to defend itself . Theodore Roosevelt is famous for a foreign policy he summarized as "  speak softly and carry a big stick . " Obama 's foreign policy is closer to "  scream loudly and carry no stick . " It 's no wonder Putin has concluded that he 's unlikely to face serious consequences for his imperial adventure . The U.S. did nothing when he invaded Georgia in 2008 . More recently , we did nothing after the Syrian regime violated the "  red line " Obama had established regarding the use of chemical weapons there .  Recall Kerry 's offhand reference to inspections became the pretext a day later for backing off the pledge . Putin does n't take the words of Obama or Kerry seriously because their words are n't serious . The speeches are gestures -- much like the President 's Wednesday luncheon -- and their relationship to action is nonexistent , as the administration 's refusal of Ukraine 's aid request makes quite clear . The fact is anything short of providing arms and intelligence to the sovereign Ukrainian government is unlikely to deter Putin . Clearly , we do not need American boots on the ground in Ukraine , a step we would both oppose . But if the U.S. wants to stop Russia 's dangerous incursion into Eastern Europe , we have to raise the cost . Not just talk about potentially raising the cost at some point in the future once Russia has swallowed half of Ukraine and stationed tens of thousands of troops there . Unless the President is willing to back up his words with military aid , he 's not serious about stopping Putin 's armed aggression . In addition , the President should immediately issue an executive order approving the export of American natural gas to 20 countries that are awaiting bureaucratic approval . The highest priority should go to approving exports to Europe , where in many places , Russia has a near-monopoly on natural gas . Furthermore , the President should issue an executive order approving 24 pending liquefied natural gas facilities that have been delayed by bureaucratic red tape . This would be a serious blow to the Russian economy that would impose a real cost on Putin 's foray into Ukraine . National emergencies justify actions that would not be taken in quiet times . A Russian invasion of Ukraine will create conditions that the President himself in his first executive order about sanctions called a national emergency . No one should doubt the seriousness of the events in Eastern Europe . Russia is threatening to forcibly take over the territory of a sovereign state . Taking over Crimea , which was historically Russian and has a substantial Russian majority , has already been described by Obama and Kerry as unacceptable and very dangerous . Russian occupation of the rest of Ukraine would be a vastly more threatening and more aggressive action . The situation calls for more than talk . If Putin discovers that once again the West will do nothing to stop his aggression , he might be reckless enough to test our resolve in Latvia , Lithuania or Estonia -- NATO members that we are bound to protect with military force . Trouble there could "  reset " us right back to direct warfare with Russia . That would be a disaster and very , very dangerous . It 's past time for the United States to help Ukraine . Indeed , passivity is the path most likely to lead to war . The Obama administration should grant the request for military aid immediately -- before it 's too late for deterrence . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Gingrich , Graham : U.S. has protested but has n't gone beyond symbolic measures They say Obama 's meeting with Ukrainian leader and Kerry 's condemnation are n't sufficient Authors : U.S. should have accepted Ukraine 's emergency request for military aid They say it is crucial to send a message that the U.S. will respond strongly to aggression
CNN  -- What do NSA leaker Edward Snowden and a red panda at the National Zoo in Washington have in common ? Absolutely nothing . Except that both mysteriously vanished . And both were the subjects of high-profile searches -- at least for a little while , in the case of the panda . But a little while was all Twitter needed to engage in a flurry of jokes , including the creation of several parody accounts for Rusty , the red panda . There were a few , tenuous parallels . Both are male . Both are relatively young -- Rusty is 1 , Snowden is 30 . And both have connections to China : Red pandas are native to southwestern China while Snowden recently traveled to Hong Kong , off southeastern China . OK , perhaps that last one is a bit of a stretch . But social media transcends all boundaries . @InvisibleObama tweeted , "  Somewhere , Edward Snowden is stroking a Red Panda laughing at us all . " @BCAppelbaum posted , "  Since China wo n't hold on to Snowden , we 're going to start releasing panda bears . " First reported missing at 8 a.m. Monday , Rusty was finally captured around 2:30 p.m. about a mile away from his enclosure , zoo officials posted to Facebook . The zoo had tweeted several facts about Rusty , warning zoo visitors that he is still a wild animal and would bite if cornered or scared . The search began inside the zoo since red pandas are known to be territorial . For at least a few hours , Rusty 's whereabouts proved as intriguing to many as Edward Snowden 's . Snowden made news recently for releasing information about secret surveillance programs conducted by the National Security Administration . He initially fled to Hong Kong . Russian officials confirmed he had flown to Moscow over the weekend . Although WikiLeaks claims to know his exact location , no one else seems sure . His reserved seat aboard a plane to Cuba was reportedly empty . The United States has publicly announced it is seeking to extradite Snowden on charges of espionage and theft of government property . No such announcement was made regarding Rusty . "  Operation Rusty : Washington engages in another frantic search , " read the headline to the Washington Wire post . "  Now Putin has a Super Bowl ring , Ed Snowden AND a red panda , " tweeted @MicahGrimes . Putin has been accused by the owner of the New England Patriots of taking his Super Bowl ring during a visit . Although parody accounts have come under fire recently as being unnecessary and lacking humor , @RustyThePanda was undeterred . "  Is there bamboo in Ecuador ? " it asked . Its Twitter bio also included being a fan of Guardian journalist Glenn Greenwald , who broke the Snowden story . Greenwald , presumably busy with other things , had not tweeted anything panda-related at the time of this writing . Some tweets appeared to confuse red pandas with the black-and-white giant pandas , also called panda bears . Red pandas look more like a cross between a raccoon and a small fox . Both enjoy a good meal of bamboo , however . This is n't the first escaped zoo animal to inspire an attention-getting parody account . In 2011 @BronxZoosCobra chronicled the seven-day imagined adventures of the escaped snake . That account amassed 187,533 followers and still tweets . In response to Rusty 's escape it on Monday it posted , "  I have an alibi ! " The @NationalZoo account thanked its fans on Twitter and Facebook for helping recover Rusty . No word if @BarackObama will do the same when Snowden is officially located .	Rusty the Panda went missing from the National Zoo Twitter erupts with jokes about the vanishing acts of Ed Snowden and Rusty Rusty is found about a mile from the zoo ; Snowden is n't
CNN  One daily newspaper in England asked who had the more dazzling engagement ring -- Andy Murray 's fiancee or Tomas Berdych 's future wife . Call it the Battle of the Bling . But when Murray and Berdych met Thursday for a spot in the final of the Australian Open , it was the Scot who was a cut above his Czech opponent . Murray reached a fourth final in Melbourne when he beat Berdych 6-7  6  6-0 6-3 7-5 in an ill-tempered affair , meaning he is on the verge of winning a third grand slam title and first since he ended Britain 's nearly 80-year drought at Wimbledon in 2013 . Murray complained to chair umpire Pascal Maria about something Berdych said after the first set ended and Berdych did n't appear pleased at Murray 's reaction when the 2010 Wimbledon finalist dropped his serve at 5-3 in the first . Television cameras also seemed to show Murray 's fiancee , Kim Sears , mouthing an obscenity towards Berdych or his camp -- which included Dani Vallverdu , who used to coach Murray -- during the match . "  When there 's a lot of tension surrounding something , which you created , then it 's completely normal that the whole first set everyone was tight , " Murray told reporters , taking a swipe at the media . "  My physical trainer , physio , I 'm sure for Dani it was uncomfortable . "  Even Tomas , who very rarely says anything on the court , there was tension there for him , as well . Yeah in the heat of the moment you can say stuff that you regret . " It would n't be the first time a player 's partner taunted an opponent -- and Roger Federer 's wife , Mirka , seemed to do it to defending Australian Open champion Stan Wawrinka at the World Tour Finals in November . Regardless , Berdych downplayed talk of bad blood between him and Murray . He said he was simply trying to pump himself up after winning the first set . "  I say to myself , ` Well done , Tomas . ' That 's it , " Berdych told reporters . "  I think I 'm allowed to do that when I win a set . "  I pumped myself up ... and that 's it , then sit on the chair . I 'm not really looking left or right what 's going on . I just keep focusing myself and that 's it . "  There is no really big deal about anything what was happening today on the court . I mean , it was a great battle . It was a good match . Unfortunately with a bad end for me . " Berdych upset 14-time grand slam champion Rafael Nadal in the quarterfinals and he picked up where he left off in the semifinals , using his effortless power to break for 5-3 . But after he was broken straight back , things swung in Murray 's favor despite Berdych claiming the roughly 80-minute first set . Berdych 's intensity dropped and so did his first-serve percentage . Murray , meanwhile , upped his game , stepping up the attack from the baseline and playing his sublime defense when needed . He pointed to his own camp , which featured coach Amelie Mauresmo , when the match ended . "  I got asked all the time about my ex-coach working with Tomas and no one was interested in anything I was doing with Amelie or the way I was playing or anything , " Murray said . Murray can now sit back and watch Friday 's other semifinal between top-seed Novak Djokovic and Wawrinka . Djokovic is attempting to win a fifth Australian Open title . He downed Murray in the 2011 and 2013 finals .	Andy Murray makes a fourth Australian Open final He defeats Tomas Berdych in four sets in Melbourne Murray will face either Novak Djokovic or Stan Wawrinka Djokovic and Wawrinka face off in Friday 's other semifinal
CNN  The odds seemed almost impossibly stacked against baby Lily , but she survived . Rescuers found the toddler Saturday , hanging upside down in her mother 's car , which had flipped into a frigid Utah river a day before . If the wreck occurred when police believe it did , she may have been there for as many as 14 hours . Lily 's mother , Lynn Jennifer Groesbeck , died in the crash . She was 25 years old . How did her 18-month-old survive ? One of the biggest factors was the car seat . Lily was in the proper car seat for her age and the seat appears to have been properly attached . Even though the child was trapped and upside down , her body remained in the seat and above the frigid water . Doctors say that such low temperatures are dangerous , but would be even more so if the baby were wet . Dry cold temperatures are more survivable than wet cold temperatures . Ironically , the cold might have actually helped Lily survive , said Dr. Barbara Walsh , with the University of Massachusetts Medical School . "  She 's going to have a lower heart rate . She 's going to have a lower metabolism . She 's going to need less sugar , " Walsh said . "  It 's almost like the body is sort of knowing that it needs to shut down to protect itself . " A variety of other factors were also likely at play . "  We do n't know what time the child was last fed , when she drank . Given that it 's wintertime and she was in her car seat , she was probably wearing mittens , a hat . We tend to over bundle our children , so the fact that she was dry , she probably had on multiple layers because it 's winter , and there 's always a chance that she had just been sort of fed right before this happened probably all played a role , " Walsh said . A final factor may have been that the girl , as a toddler , has baby fat -- a little extra insulation . If she had been an infant , it might have been a different story . "  It 's amazing . Children are very resilient , and I think sometimes we do n't realize how much they actually can withstand , " said Walsh . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Nadia Kounang contributed to this report .	Lily 's 25-year-old mother , Lynn Jennifer Groesbeck , died in the crash "  Children are very resilient ... sometimes we do n't realize how much they actually can withstand , " says doctor
Two pro-euro candidates appeared headed for a February runoff in Finland 's presidential race after a first round of voting Sunday , according to complete results . With all boxes reporting , conservative former Finance Minister Sauli Niinisto had a solid lead with just under 37 % percent of the vote . Meanwhile , pro-European Green League candidate Pekka Haavisto passed euro-skeptic Paavo Vayrynen to claim the No. 2 spot , with 18.8 % over Vayrynen 's 17.5 % . Vayrynen had been running second in earlier returns . Niinisto and Haavisto -- Finland 's first openly gay presidential candidate , according to Finnish media -- are vying to succeed Tarja Halonen , Finland 's first female president . Halonen has has reached her two-term limit after beating back a challenge from Niinisto , of the conservative National Coalition Party , in 2006 . A runoff between the top two finishers is slated for February 5 . Turnout was estimated at nearly 73 % of Finland 's 4.4 million eligible voters . The eventual winner will break a 30-year lock on the presidency by Halonen 's Social Democrats . Finland is one of the states that joined the euro from the beginning , when Niinisto was finance minister . He insists Finland should stay in the eurozone , despite the debt crisis that has taken some of the shine off the common currency . His NCP won the top share of votes in last April 's parliamentary election , and already leads a broad coalition government that includes the Social Democrats . Finland is one of the few remaining AAA-rated countries in the eurozone . But 2012 is only expected to deliver a growth of 0.4 % , with the possibility of a new recession , its finance ministry reports . It has had to take part in the bailouts of other euro states who faced deep financial problems , such as Greece and Ireland . Many Finns now see Niinisto -- who also served as deputy chairman of the European Investment Bank -- as someone who can stand up for Finland 's interests in the single currency . Haavisto , meanwhile , has served as Finland 's environment and development minister and has international experience working for the European Union and the United Nations in Sudan and the Middle East . Vayrynen and his Center Party have argued that Finland should leave the euro , and he insisted before Sunday 's vote that polls showing him running third were wrong . His third-place showing Sunday followed a strong finish in April by the euro-skeptic True Finns Party , which won 39 seats in parliament to become the third-largest party . The True Finns demanded that Finland stop supporting the eurozone bailouts , but its presidential candidate , Timo Soini , was running fourth in Sunday 's balloting . He told Finnish public broadcaster YLE that his weak support was an indication that his party wants him to remain as party leader , rather than president . Finland 's president is in charge of the country 's foreign policy , together with the government , and serves as commander-in-chief of its defense forces . But recent changes have seen more power being given to the government and parliament , and former President Mauno Koivisto told YLE that there was a risk of an "  imbalance " between the direct public election of the president and the office 's diminishing power .	Pro-euro candidates appear bound for February runoff Green League 's Haavisto edges euro-skeptic Vayrynen in late returns The winner will replace Finland 's first female president
CNN  The Australian author of the best-selling novel "  The Thorn Birds " has died . "  It is with great sadness that HarperCollins Books Australia advise  s  that the iconic and much-loved author , Colleen McCullough , passed away on Thursday in hospital on Norfolk Island , aged 77 , " the publisher posted on Facebook . Her 1977 novel "  The Thorn Birds , " which sold 30 million copies worldwide , was made in to a TV miniseries in 1983 , starring Richard Chamberlain , Barbara Stanwyck , Jean Simmons and Christopher Plummer . The generation spanning novel is set in the Australian outback . "  A priest torn between his calling and the lure of a rancher 's daughter in this sumptuous epic ... resulted in the second highest rated miniseries ever after Roots , " according to TV Guide . At the time , the book 's paperback rights sold for a record setting price of $ 1.9 million . McCullough was born in Australia , but lived and studied abroad for many years . She was a neurophysiologist and worked at hospitals in Australia and Britain , and for 10 years at Yale Medical School in New Haven , Connecticut . Aside from "  The Thorn Birds , " McCullough wrote more than ten other novels including the historical series "  The Masters of Rome . " Her most recent novel , "  Bittersweet , " was published in 2013 . She was also featured on an Australian Post postage stamp . "  She was one of the first Australian writers to succeed on the world stage , " according to HarperCollins Books Australia . "  It is very sad to lose Colleen McCullough . Her contribution to storytelling is the stuff of legend , she will be greatly missed , " Random House Books Australia tweeted . People we 've lost in 2015	McCullough was a neuroscientist by training She wrote many novels about complex human relationships
Marbella , Spain  CNN  -- U.S. first lady Michelle Obama and her youngest daughter , Sasha , 9 , arrived Wednesday on Spain 's southern Mediterranean coast for a vacation with friends at a luxury hotel here . The White House issued a brief statement Tuesday confirming only that "  the first lady will travel to Spain for a private , mother-daughter trip with longtime family friends . President Obama will not be joining this trip . All activities are closed press . " While the Spanish government also was not providing details , the hotel owners and just about every local politician in the resort of Marbella , famous for its jet-set image , were discussing the visit that is making front-page news in some Spanish newspapers . "  We are really amazed about her choosing our hotel and coming down to the south of Spain , paying us such a wonderful visit at the best time of the year , " said Alicia Villapadierna , co-owner of the Hotel Villa Padierna , where Obama and her entourage are staying . An aide to Mrs. Obama and Villapadierna confirmed that the first lady was traveling with Sasha . The aide said daughter Malia , 12 , is away at camp . Security was already tight at the hotel on Tuesday . Numerous Spanish Civil Guards patrolled the various access points to the resort , and a large American flag flapped in the wind alongside a Spanish flag at the entrance . Out of sight , Villapadierna said , were numerous U.S. Secret Service agents . Her husband , hotel co-owner Ricardo Arranz , said Obama apparently chose the hotel on the recommendation of friends who had visited before . The hotel is in the hills above the resort town of Marbella , a haunt for the rich and famous , including members of the royal family of Saudi Arabia , Spain 's so-called jet-set and Hollywood actors such as Sean Connery and Antonio Banderas . Northern Europeans , especially from Britain and Germany , far outnumber the Americans who visit in August , when the beaches are packed . The Obama group is expected to occupy 60 to 70 rooms , more than a third of the lodging at the 160-room resort , which consists of hotel rooms , suites and separate villas . Listed prices start at 300 euros , or nearly $ 400 per night at the resort , which uses Italian marble as a decorative theme . The facility includes golf courses , tennis courts , a swimming pool and spa and a range of activities for children , such as sports and performing arts . Sasha "  will be surrounded by children , and I 'm sure that Mrs. Obama will be able to do her life and enjoy the spa and the swimming pool , " Villapadierna said . The White House statement said Obama would visit Spain 's King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia , who typically vacation in August at their summer palace on Mallorca Island in the Mediterranean , a short flight from Marbella on the southern Costa del Sol  sun coast  of Spain . Spanish media reported the visit with the Spanish royals could come this weekend . Before then , many people in old town Marbella -- with its winding narrow streets and white-washed walls , and in nearby chic Puerto Banus , where large yachts are moored -- were hoping Obama would come for a visit . "  I suppose -LSB- she -RSB- likes the Spanish food , " said Karla de la Barra , maitre d' at the Salsa Marinera restaurant in Puerto Banus . "  For example , seafood paella . And Spain fish is very good . " At the nearby Luz jewelry store , owner Kai Baumann said , "  I think porcelain is very nice . I think she likes this style of things . And I would make a photo , of course . I would be very happy . She 's a very nice lady . " But on this private vacation under tight security , it 's not likely many local people will get a chance to see Michelle Obama up close .	The first lady and her youngest daughter arrived in Spain Wednesday President Barack Obama is not expected to join the private trip The visit is making front-page news in some Spanish newspapers
Canberra , Australia  CNN  -- After six years of a Labor administration , including three tumultuous years of a hung parliament , Australian voters have returned to a conservative government and majority rule . Kevin Rudd , reinstalled as prime minister by his party at the 11th hour , managed to contain the size of the loss , likely to have been a wipeout under former PM Julia Gillard . New Prime Minister Tony Abbott had a long ministerial career in the former Howard Coalition government . But many questions remain about how he will handle the top job . He has been able to cruise into power primarily on Labor 's infighting plus his promises to scrap the carbon tax , stop the asylum seeker boats and put the budget into better shape . Tony Abbott pledges ` competent , trustworthy ' government He inherits an electorate that is disillusioned with and disengaged from politics , after continuous campaigning since 2010 because the parliament was on a knife edge . Labor 's breaking of its promise not to bring in a carbon tax and the Coalition 's years of negativity have left people jaded and cynical about all politicians . Abbott had a clear ascendancy over Gillard , but the dynamics suddenly changed when Rudd - deposed by Gillard in 2010 - mounted his successful counter-coup in late June . With his popularity and some policy changes , Rudd appeared to put Labor in a very competitive . perhaps even winning , position . But during the five week campaign , the dynamics altered again . It became clear Rudd  who did n't campaign well  would not be able to overcome voters ' entrenched scepticism about a government that , despite earlier successfully navigating Australia through the global financial crisis and making some worthy policy changes , had become riven with leadership division . The campaign was dominated by debate over which side was better to manage the economy ; Labor 's claims that Abbott had a $ 70 billion funding hole and would hack into health and education , and the ALP 's record . The media 's coverage became an issue , with Rudd trenchantly attacking Rupert Murdoch , whose empire owns 14 of Australia 's 21 metro daily and Sunday newspapers . The Murdoch tabloids were quite feral , with Sydney 's Daily Telegraph beginning the campaign with the headline "  Kick This Mob Out " and one front page having a mocked up Rudd and his deputy Anthony Albanese as the bumbling Nazis from Hogan 's Heroes . The new PM , while a conservative , is likely to be centrist and pragmatic . In the Howard cabinet he opposed the extreme industrial relations policy , WorkChoices , which contributed to that government 's 2007 defeat . He has promised to be in the "  sensible centre " on industrial relations . A committed Catholic , he is anti-gay marriage  despite having a gay sister  but will leave it up to his party room as to whether there should be a conscience vote for Coalition MPs on any private member 's bill on the subject . Abbott says he will run a " no surprises " government . He has also promised not to break any election promises . This may be an impossible undertaking , but the backlash against Gillard after she -- under the pressure of minority government -- breached her " no carbon tax " pledge has been a lesson to all political leaders . In Saturday night 's victory speech Abbott said : " From today , I declare that Australia is under new management and that Australia is once more open for business . " The Australian economy is growing slightly under trend and unemployment is rising . The economy remains strong , but the outlook is uncertain , with much depending on China and commodity prices . The mining investment boom is ending and the challenge now is for Australia to manage the transition to increased reliance on other sectors . One of Abbott 's main difficulties will be dealing with the parliament 's powerful upper house which , when the new senators take their places in July , will have a diverse collection of independent and micro party crossbenchers determining the fate of legislation . On foreign policy , Abbott is a strong U.S. alliance man . He is also a believer in the "  anglosphere , " and was one of the leaders of the monarchist cause when in 1999 Australia had its failed republic referendum . But Abbott 's focus will be heavily on Asia . He has said policy should emphasize "  Jakarta rather than Geneva " -- a comment not only on the importance to be placed on the region , but also reflecting the Coalition 's lack of faith in multilateralism . Abbott has promised an early visit to Jakarta , where he will try to persuade the reluctant Indonesians to accept his policy of turning back asylum seeker boats . Opinion : Australian parties in ` race to bottom ' on asylum seeker policy During the election campaign Abbott took a more restrained approach towards a possible strike against Syria than did Rudd , a former foreign minister and diplomat . As Abbott prepare his ministry , Labor is grappling with who is to be its new leader . Rudd will not contest . Favorite , if he decides to put his hand up , is outgoing deputy prime minister Anthony Albanese , with the other contender , outgoing education minister Bill Shorten saying he will only run as a consensus candidate . It wo n't be a great job to have any time soon . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michelle Grattan .	Questions remain about how Tony Abbott will handle top job , says Michelle Grattan He inherits electorate that is disillusioned with and disengaged from politics , she adds New PM , while conservative , is likely to be centrist and pragmatic - Grattan Challenge for Australia is end reliance on mining sector
Just in time for winter breaks and vacations , Netflix and Amazon have added new titles to their streaming options . From old-school comedies to acclaimed dramas to family-friendly fare , here 's what you can dig into during December : Netflix : December 1 "  A Knight 's Tale " "  Almost Famous " "  American Beauty " "  Bewitched " "  Jewtopia " "  Knights of Badassdom " "  Madison " "  Out of the Clear Blue Sky " "  Out of Time " "  The Out-of-Towners " "  Troop Beverly Hills " "  Turbo FAST " December 3 "  Oculus " "  Son of God " December 5 "  Bill Burr : I 'm Sorry You Feel That Way " December 6 "  American Horror Story : Coven " "  Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues -- Supersized Version " "  Ava & Lala " "  Sharknado 2 : The Second One " December 8 "  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown Season 3 " December 9 "  I Am Ali " "  Drive Hard " December 10 "  A Haunted House 2 " December 11 "  The Village " "  The Wolf of Wall Street " December 12 "  Broadchurch Season 1 " "  Marco Polo " "  Nick Offerman : American Ham " December 13 "  Do n't Blink " December 15 "  Jake Squared " December 18 "  Ragnarok " "  The Honourable Woman Season 1 " December 19 "  All Hail King Julien " December 20 "  Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones " December 22 "  Dark Skies " "  Romy and Michele 's High School Reunion " December 23 "  The Trip to Italy " December 24 "  Legends of Oz : Dorothy 's Return " December 25 "  Good People " December 27 "  Child of God " "  Labor Day " December 28 "  Behaving Badly " "  Comedy Bang ! Bang ! Season 3 " "  I , Frankenstein " "  Maron Season 2 " "  Jessie Season 3 " December 30 "  Last Weekend " Amazon : December 1 "  Goldfinger " "  Troop Beverly Hills " "  Life After Beth " "  Monkey Business " "  We Need to Talk About Kevin " "  Apocalypse Now " "  Saturday Night Fever " "  The Deadly Bees " "  A League of Their Own " "  A Perfect Day " "  Air Force One " "  12 O'Clock Boys " "  Friday the 13th : Entire Series " December 4 "  Madeline " "  Stand By Me " "  Legends Of The Fall " "  Fly Away Home " "  Stuart Little 2 " December 6 "  Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues " "  Borgman " December 11 "  The Wolf of Wall Street " December 12 "  Locke " December 20 "  Paranormal Activity : The Marked Ones " December 23 "  Mozart in the Jungle " December 27 "  Labor Day " "  Spy Kids " December 29 "  The Americans : Season 2 " December 31 "  Midnight Cowboy " iTunes : Week of December 1 "  Maze Runner " "  The Skeleton Twins " "  Magic in the Moonlight " "  This is Where I Leave You " "  Levitated Mass " "  Tusk " "  I , Origins " "  100 Foot Journey " "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " "  Boardwalk Empire Season 5 " Week of December 8 "  Boyhood " "  Get on Up " "  Dolphin Tale 2 " Week of December 15 "  The Equalizer " "  The Guest " "  A Walk Among the Tombstones " "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " "  Expelled " "  Avatar " "  Men , Women and Children " "  The Colbert Report " series finale "  Survivor 's Remorse Season 1 " December 23 "  The Drop " "  The Boxtrolls " "  Left Behind " "  Let 's Kill Ward 's Wife "	Netflix , Amazon and iTunes have new content streaming in December Titles include classic comedies like "  Troop Beverly Hills " There are also recent TV series like "  American Horror Story : Coven "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Let 's say you were making a film . Which do you think would be harder ? A. Coordinating a mass alien invasion B. Invoking tidal waves and tornadoes C. Telling a prehistoric love story . Roland Emmerich and Steven Strait  D'Leh  discuss a scene shot in Namibia when the young hunter discovers farming for the first time . For Roland Emmerich , the answer is C . He says "  10,000 BC " is without a doubt the most difficult film he 's ever made . It was n't the time-consuming graphics that took the greatest toll , nor the need to re-record a lot of the dialogue . No , the most challenging aspect of this film was , um , the weather . "  You 're obsessed with the weather channel , " Emmerich says , of the duration of filming . "  Ninety percent of this movie was -LSB- shot -RSB- outdoors . " Producer Michael Wimer : "  It seemed like every time we needed sun , we 'd get rain , every time we needed green landscape , we 'd get snow . There we just got a series of curve balls , the weather is really fickle . " Emmerich says : "  It 's like somebody did n't like ` Day After Tomorrow ' and was like : ` We showed him . ' " Filming started in the wintry peaks of New Zealand 's South Island , then moved to Cape Town in South Africa , then further north to the desert of Namibia . But it was n't just the weather that tested the filmmakers ' skill , patience and stamina . see scenes from the film " Prehistoric beasts Visual effects supervisor Karen Goulekas started working on project two years before principal filming even started . She broke down the script to see what could be done , and what could n't , then set about the bringing prehistoric animals back to life . Perhaps her biggest challenge was to create the film 's "  terror birds " , flightless predators with huge beaks that hunt like sharks , suddenly piercing through long grass to snatch their prey before disappearing again . The birds were based on a number of images . During filming the terrifying bird was actually a blue head on a stick . "  It 's been an experience , " says Camilla Belle  Evolet  , "  I 've never worked with blue birds before and all that fun stuff . " see D'Leh take on the terror birds " Sets After seeing off all manner of prehistoric threats , the film 's hero D'Leh and his assembled army are awestruck by an immense ` lost ' civilization dominated by pyramids that reach up into the sky . Not only did the filmmaker build the pyramids  at Dune 7 in Namibia  , they also built miniature replicas of the pyramids , ` God 's palace ' , the slave quarters and the Nile River . The buildings were made in Munich before being transport to Namibia in 15 sea containers . Once assembled , they covered an area of 100 square meters . see the pyramids during a battle scene in the film Costumes What to wear when you live in 10,000 BC ? Presumably there was n't much choice in those days , which gave the film 's costume designers plenty of scope to use their imagination . They dressed the Yagahl tribe , or mammoth hunters , in antelope fur and hides in place of mammoth . But the weather was so cold during filming that some actors also wore thermals underneath . The final scenes required dressing 800 extras as slaves . Each costume had to be handmade to conceal the stitching . Says costume designer Renee April : "  We had an army in the workshops making beads from clay and glass and sewing them onto the costumes as well as making the fabric and headdresses . " 1000 sandals also had to be made to order . Sound Most of the dialogue in the film had to be recorded not once , but twice . Peter Gleaves , an Automated Dialogue Replacement Mixer at De Lane Lea Studios in Soho , London explains : "  The original sound sometimes has background noises -- wind machines , sounds of cars and aeroplanes -- that in a production like ' 10,000 BC ' you do n't want to hear . So to get rid of them you have to get the actors to redo all their lines , or most of their lines . " Steven Strait was summoned to London to re-record some of his dialogue . When the Revealed cameras dropped in he was working on his grunts . see Steven Strait grunting and panting ! "  It 's an action sequence , " Strait explains , "  so there are very few words . It 's mostly just running and jumping and grunting and doing all sorts of strange sound effects that are going to look incredibly weird in this room , but hopefully it works in the film . " see the final product of Steven 's grunting , the mammoth hunt	Emmerich developed obsession with the weather during filming of "  10,000 BC " Film was shot in New Zealand 's South Island , South Africa and Namibia Other challenges include creating film 's ` terror birds ' , shark-like predators Miniature pyramids , ` God 's palace ' , made in Munich then shipped to Namibia
CNN Student News  -- September 5 , 2013 From Washington to London and Paris to Moscow , governments are debating a similar topic . On Thursday , CNN Student News looks at what 's being said about Syria . We also report on a legal question involving the U.S. Pledge of Allegiance , and we discuss the Jewish holiday of Rosh Hashanah . Plus , our Career Connections segment returns with a look at the work of park rangers . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What might be some of the challenges of covering the same news story over several days ? What are some ways in which reporters can find new perspectives on long-running news stories ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . red line 2 . Pledge of Allegiance 3 . Rosh Hashanah Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What country 's lawmakers have voted against participating in a strike against Syria ? 2 . How long has the Rim Fire been burning in California ? 3 . What are some of the duties and responsibilities of a federal park ranger ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How do you think that other countries ' concerns regarding Syria might differ from those of the U.S. ? How might they be similar ? What questions do you still have about the situation in Syria and the international community 's debates regarding the Middle Eastern nation ? 2 . How do you interpret the Pledge of Allegiance ? What has shaped your views ? 3 . What are your thoughts on the advice given by the park rangers in the report ? Would you want to be a park ranger ? Why or why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Yosemite National Park Kennesaw Mountain Massachusetts Europe Sweden United Kingdom France Russia FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- San Antonio defeated the Miami Heat 104 to 87 to claim the NBA championship Sunday night . "  This is a team , and that 's what makes this so , so great , " Spurs guard Manu Ginobili said . San Antonio dominated the series , winning four games to one . Each Spurs victory was by at least 15 points . "  Hard to believe , is n't it ? Ginobili said . "  We played at a really high level . " The victory snaps the Heat 's two-year championship run and hands San Antonio its fifth NBA title . Spurs forward Kawhi Leonard was named the series MVP .	San Antonio wins the series 4-1 Each win was by 15 points or more This is the Spurs ' fifth NBA title Kawhi Leonard is named the series MVP
CNN  -- Sentencing was delayed Tuesday for a Somali pirate who prosecutors say led the attack on a U.S. vessel off the coast of Africa last year . The sentencing hearing for Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse was adjourned until a later date . No reason was immediately provided by the court or prosecutors for the delay . Muse has pleaded guilty to charges he hijacked the ship and kidnapped its captain . Prosecutors say Muse acted as the ringleader when he and three other men seized the U.S-flagged Maersk Alabama by force about 350 miles off the coast of Somalia on April 8 , 2009 . Once on board , the armed men demanded the ship be stopped , then took a lifeboat and held the captain of the ship , Richard Phillips , hostage on it . When he entered his plea on May 18 , Muse apologized for his actions and blamed the incident on the Somali government . "  What we did was wrong . I am very sorry for all of this , " Muse said in a soft voice . "  All of this happened because of the government in Somalia . " In addition to the Maersk Alabama , Muse was charged with participating in the hijacking of two other vessels in late March and early April of 2009 . Muse told the court that he and the three other men agreed to "  capture any ship that came by . " He added that he did not recognize the U.S. flag on the Maersk Alabama . Muse and his cohorts held Philips hostage for four days on the lifeboat . The USS Bainbridge , a U.S. Navy destroyer , came to the assistance of the vessel , and in radio communications , the pirates threatened to kill Phillips if they were not guaranteed safe passage away from the scene , authorities have said . Four days after the hijacking began , Muse boarded the Bainbridge and demanded safe passage for himself and the others in exchange for Phillips ' release , according to a criminal complaint . While he was away from the lifeboat , Navy SEAL snipers shot and killed the three remaining pirates , authorities said . Muse was then taken into custody . Muse could receive a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars . CNN 's Hussein Saddique and Cheryl Robinson contributed to this report .	NEW : No reason given for postponement Prosecutors say Muse was the ringleader Muse apologized for his actions and blamed the incident on the Somali government He could receive a maximum sentence of almost 34 years
Financial TImes  -- The Netherlands has nationalised SNS Reaal , the fourth-largest systemically important bank in the Netherlands , at a cost to Dutch taxpayers of $ 3.7 bn . The bank had spent the past several weeks in a desperate search for private capital to compensate for heavy losses in its real estate holdings , particularly in Spanish assets . Jeroen Dijsselbloem , the Netherlands ' finance minister , said in a statement he had "  looked at every alternative involving private parties " , but found none that could guarantee the stability of the Dutch banking system . With ABN Amro still in government hands after it was nationalised in 2009 , the nationalisation of SNS Reaal means two of the Netherlands ' four systemically important banks are state-owned . The nationalisation , carried out under the Netherlands ' 2012 law on bank intervention , will mean shareholders of the bank and subordinated debt holders will see their stakes wiped out . The state will inject $ 2.2 bn in new capital , while forgiving $ 800m the bank still owed from its earlier bailout during the financial crisis . It will also write off $ 700m in the value of the bank 's real estate assets . "  I can sympathise easily with the resistance many will feel because we again will need to use a large amount of public money , " Mr Dijsselbloem said . "  This is why I want the private sector to pay as large a share as possible of the rescue of SNS Reaal . " In addition , the government will levy a one-time tariff of $ 1bn on Dutch banks in 2014 as a contribution to restoring the health of the financial sector . "  Politically speaking , that 's very important , " said Harald Benink , a professor of finance at Tilburg University . Ronald Latenstein , SNS Reaal 's chief executive , as well as the bank 's chief financial officer and chairman of the board of directors , tendered their resignations . SNS Reaal announced they "  could not take responsibility for the nationalisation scenario " . The finance ministry said the bank 's management would receive no bonuses , and that salary cuts were to be expected . The nationalisation comes after the European Commission blocked an earlier plan that would have seen the country 's other large banks , Rabobank , ING and ABN Amro , contribute capital to a so-called "  bad bank " to house SNS Reaal 's distressed property assets . In a blogpost on FT.com on Thursday , economist Heleen Mees noted that rating agency Fitch has warned it may downgrade the debt of other Dutch and European banks if a government rescue of SNS Reaal wipes out ordinary bondholders .	Dutch Finance Minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem said he had "  looked at every alternative The state will inject $ 2.2 bn , while forgiving $ 800m the bank still owed from its earlier bailout The finance ministry said the bank 's management would receive no bonuses
I usually catch myself before I utter the p-word to one of my daughters , but every once in a while it comes flying out of my mouth and I cringe . "  You look perfect , " I might say when one of them gets dressed up for a holiday . After I say it , I immediately wish I had my own personal eraser button because I 've been plagued by an intense perfectionism for pretty much my entire life -- and the last thing I want to do is pass along that horrible trait to my children . It began with the quest to be the perfect daughter , then student , then news correspondent , then career woman , then wife and now mother . I consider myself improving based upon the fact that I did n't get up at 4:30 a.m. to write the perfect piece . I figured sleep is just as important . Opinion : Why is having ` having it all ' just a women 's issue ? I know I am not alone . In her new book , "  Wonder Women : Sex , Power and the Quest for Perfection , " Debora Spar , who is president of Barnard College , talks about that relentless need that many of us modern women feel to be perfect in every aspect of our lives . For some reason , nearly 50 years after Betty Friedan 's "  The Feminine Mystique " and the women 's movement , we morphed feminism into perfectionism , says Spar . "  I 'm not entirely sure why but I think one of the things that happened without anyone meaning for it to happen is that as we generationally all got excited with these tremendous opportunities that were being created for women , we kind of built a myth and an illusion around it , " said Spar , a mother of three , during a recent interview in which she got very personal . She revealed she had a breast reduction at age 21 because she felt her body would keep her from being taken seriously as a professional .  You can see the full interview here . The myth about balancing motherhood and a successful career The media definitely played a role in our perfectionism , Spar said , pointing to commercials like one for Revlon 's Charlie perfume in the '70s , which I still remember so vividly . It featured the model Shelley Hack , playing a sleek and sexy businesswoman with a baby who dazzles her husband and every other man who passes her by . That 's how life was supposed to be for the modern working woman , right ? And it was supposed to be easy , too ? "  I think that 's really the kicker , " said Spar . "  We not only thought that we would have all of these things at once but that somehow we would glide into this life without really having to work very hard , without struggling , without failing , without getting depressed , and the result of that sadly is that when our lives of course become harder and become messier we somehow feel like we failed . " Sheryl Sandberg at BlogHer : Not everyone woman has to be a CEO While we 've been at this perfectionism thing for several decades now , and habits are oh-so-tough to break , Spar offers some great tips on how we can slowly try to change , and also , perhaps most importantly , shares tips on how we can prevent our daughters from following in our not-so-perfect footsteps . 1 . Fess Up -- Women who look like they have it all should start admitting the truth , says Spar . "  And admit that even if I look like I 'm keeping all the balls in the air , they 're dropping all over the place , " she said . It may seem like a small thing but the power of women talking candidly about the decisions they make and being more honest about the tradeoffs that "  everybody 's life entails " can hopefully take some of the pressure off women and girls , she added . 2 . Say No -- N-O . I am spelling the word because it is just so darn hard for me to say , and that 's part of my problem , and the problem of so many other modern women . Spar says we should write down everything we are doing in our lives , cut out three or four responsibilities we can get rid of and then "  say no consciously " to additional tasks . "  I think where I get into trouble and I see lots of people getting into trouble is when you say maybe . ` I 'll try to be there . I 'll try to do it . ' Just say , ' I do n't do that . I do n't travel on weekends . I do n't go to conferences . I do n't do bake sales , ' whatever it is and just consciously say , ` I 'm not going to do that . ' "  My mother-in-law uses a fabulous expression : "  Gee , that does n't work for me . " It works every time I have the courage to say it ! 3 . Get rid of the guilt -- How many times do you say yes to a work event or a social outing because you feel like you should be there and not because you really want to attend ? Spar says her son came up with a list for her . "  Every time I was considering whether or not to go to an event , he would say , ` Is it good for your job ? Do you have to go ? And will it be fun ? And if the answer to all those three questions is no , do n't go . ' And it 's amazing how many things fall off your calendar if you run through that little list . " 4 . ` Satisfice ' -- It 's a term that comes out of economics and is often used by negotiators . It means not going for your first best option , said Spar , but it does n't mean settling for less . It just means having a "  whole array of options " to consider . "  Because all too often I think we think in black and white terms . If I 'm not secretary of state , I 've failed . If I 'm not running the corporation , I 've failed . Well , what 's the next step down , what 's the third step down ? And I think it 's a useful concept to realize that just because you did n't get exactly what you wanted does n't mean you did n't get something that 's really good , " she said .  Incidentally , Spar says her dream "  was " to be secretary of state . I noted , "  There 's still time ! " 5 . It 's about men , too -- We ca n't do this all by ourselves , says Spar . Our husbands , brothers and male colleagues need to be part of it , too . "  Men obviously have to pick up some of the housework , some of the child care and women have to let men do that , " she added . "  I wo n't let my husband make the school lunches because he 's not going to do it quite as beautifully as I will . He 's not going to ask all of the right questions at the parent-teacher conference , so I always have to go , too . We have to move away from that and I think there are a lot of men who really want to be more involved in their kids ' life and in their home life but sometimes the women are shutting them out because the men will do things differently . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Modern women morphed feminism into perfectionism , according to new book The book 's author , Debora Spar , is president of Barnard College and a mom of three Spar says women should "  fess up " and admit they ca n't do it all perfectly She also says we need to bring men into the conversation
New Delhi  CNN  -- India will end a six-day ban on cotton exports that impacted global commerce , the country 's trade minister said Sunday . The South Asian nation is the world 's second-largest producer of the commodity . Its March 5 ban aimed at boosting domestic supplies in light of a surging export surplus drew criticism from domestic farmers , political leaders and a key Chinese trade lobby . "  Keeping in view the facts , the interests of the farmers , interest of the industry " and other concerns , India 's group of ministers decided to roll back the ban , Trade Minister Anand Sharma said in a statement . The prohibition had drawn flak from businesses in China , which is the biggest buyer of Indian cotton . In a statement Thursday , the China Cotton Association called the ban an "  irresponsible act " that ended "  a large number of registered contracts " and "  disturbed international cotton trade order seriously . " As fury grew , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ordered a quick review of the decision . U.S. cotton futures surged last week after India announced the ban , igniting fears of another jump in prices for cotton goods . Officials in India explained they were concerned about a supply crunch in the country . "  This India development really caught the entire cotton industry and traders off guard because it came with no warning , " Phil Flynn , senior market and commodities analyst with PFG Best , told CNN last week . Last year , when cotton prices hit an all-time high due to a global supply crunch , manufacturers first raised prices , then used less cotton and more blended fabrics such as poly-cotton . Cotton prices cooled off toward the end of last year , Flynn said . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	India will end its export ban after six days , the trade minister says The South Asian nation is the world 's 2nd largest cotton producer The China Cotton Association had complained the ban seriously disturbed the international trade Analysts had said the ban could spike consumer prices for cotton goods
CNN  An outbreak of the plague has killed dozens in Madagascar , and experts fear those numbers could go up . At least 119 cases were confirmed by late last year , including 40 deaths , the World Health Organization said in a statement . And the disease is taking an alarming turn . "  The outbreak that started last November has some disturbing dimensions , " the WHO said this week . "  The fleas that transmit this ancient disease from rats to humans have developed resistance to the first-line insecticide . " It 's especially spreading in densely populated slums in the capital of Antananarivo . Cases were confirmed in at least 20 districts and the capital , Christophe Rogier of the Institut Pasteur de Madagascar said late last year . Rogier is part of a team working with the WHO on the ground to combat the disease . The plague is caused by Yersinia pestis , a bacteria found in rodents and spread by fleas . Recent flooding in the nation has displaced tens of thousands of people and an "  untold numbers of rats , " leading to fears the disease could spread , said Margaret Chan , director-general of the World Health Organization . Once an infected flea bites human beings , they can develop the bubonic plague , which is marked by swollen lymph nodes . If the bacteria reaches the lungs , one can develop pneumonic plague . The pneumonic type is rare but more dangerous than bubonic plague because it can be transmitted between humans through inhalation and coughing . "  If diagnosed early , bubonic plague can be successfully treated with antibiotics , " the World Health Organization said . "  Pneumonic plague , on the other hand , is one of the most deadly infectious diseases ; patients can die 24 hours after infection . " At least 8 % of cases advance to pneumonic plague , the WHO said . It 's unclear what percentage of the current cases comprise the more lethal plague . Past plague epidemics have have occurred in Europe , the United States , Africa , Asia and South America . The plague was known as the "  Black Death " in Europe in the 14th century , and led to the deaths of 50 million people , the WHO said . Epidemics throughout history	The plague is spreading in densely populated slums in the capital of Antananarivo Pneumonic plague is more dangerous than bubonic plague and can be transmitted through coughing
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- On a bitterly cold December morning in 2011 , we watched as the last U.S. troops crossed the border into Kuwait , ending America 's war in Iraq . More than 100 vehicles were in that convoy , snaking its way across the desert and through the floodlit border crossing , leaving behind empty bases and memories of nearly 4,500 American lives that were lost . Americans breathed a sigh of relief . Many Iraqis held their breath . War , they feared , was far from over for them , and time has borne out their fears . The death and violence never stopped -- it 's just that the bombs and bullets faded from American minds and television screens once the pull-out was complete . Two years later we 're back in Iraq and things are in many ways worse for Iraqis than when the Americans left . READ MORE : The "  bad old days " return in Baghdad Driving in along what the U.S. military called "  Route Irish " -- or the BIAP  Baghdad International Airport road  -- the stark concrete blast walls are now covered in murals , the median is grassed with palm trees and fountains . We were reminded this was done for the 2012 Arab League Summit in Baghdad , not for general "  beautification . " Those of us who 'd been to Baghdad on multiple assignments were struck by the ubiquitous security presence -- police checkpoints and posts and army units on duty in some places . The traffic was always bad in Baghdad . Today , it 's worse that we can remember . Locals talk of almost becoming accustomed to the threat of not coming home at night because of some random car bomb . READ MORE : 5 things to know about Iraq violence More than 8,000 people were killed in Iraq in 2013 , according to the U.N. estimates -- most of them innocent civilians caught up in the tempest of violence that grips their country . The groundwork for today 's problems began almost as soon as that last American convoy left in 2011 . Sunni lawmakers protested the rounding up of many of their aides and security guards , and the country 's vice president -- top Sunni leader Tariq al-Hashimi -- faced arrest and later fled the country . The government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki was supposed to usher in a political era of inclusion and reconciliation . His critics say those first days after the American departure were a signal of opposite intentions that have continued to this day . The Sunni minority that had ruled Iraq via the iron fist of Saddam Hussein was at the political and social mercy of al-Maliki 's Shia-dominated government . Today , they say , "  inclusiveness " never materialized , Sunnis have been marginalized and resentment has festered in a divide-and-conquer political climate . As one local put it , "  It 's like if you 're against us , you 're a terrorist and we 'll arrest you . " Why Iraq is in turmoil This resentment , aided by the violent government shutdown of Sunni protest camps , provided an opening for the al Qaeda-linked Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  to move into the Sunni heartland of Anbar Province in force . Al Qaeda is a beast that feasts on discontent and in Anbar there is no shortage of sustenance . A previous version of ISIS , the Islamic State of Iraq , comprised the core insurgents the Americans fought in those cities during the war . They have regrouped and strengthened across the border in Syria during that country 's bloody conflict -- and extended their fight for a home for their brand of hard-line Islamism into Iraq . The results have been deadly -- not just in Ramadi and Fallujah of course , but across the country , where , just like the "  bad old days " of 2005-2009 , bombings and killings have become pretty much daily events . READ MORE : At least 60 killed in Anbar since December 1 In 2006 the Americans convinced -- and paid -- Sunni tribal and religious leaders to fight the hardliners , with great success . But Sunni grievances never went away and some in Anbar see ISIS as comrades-in-arms against an al-Maliki government viewed as an oppressor of Sunnis . Other Sunnis see al-Maliki as the lesser of two evils -- they do n't like how they 're treated , but like even less the ISIS brand of hard-line , brutal "  governance " . Al-Maliki has more than once termed the various fights and stand-offs in Ramadi and Fallujah as a fight against "  al Qaeda " , but it 's not that simple . The Sunni sense of being under the heel of a sectarian government , of being cut out of the running of their country , failing to share in growing oil revenues , has nothing to do with al Qaeda and wo n't evaporate once ISIS is forced from Ramadi and Fallujah . The Americans are n't coming back to help out with boots on the ground , but they are giving other support -- offering drones , missiles , aircraft and other assistance . But this is n't a battle to be won militarily . Sunnis -- many of whom have yet to get used to no longer running the country -- say they want to be part of the system that was meant to be "  inclusive " but has , they feel , been anything but . READ MORE : How al-Maliki overreached in Anbar province	CNN 's Michael Holmes says things are in many ways worse for Iraqis now than in 2011 Security situation in Sunni-dominated Anbar province has deteriorated in recent days Critics say Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki 's Shia government has marginalized Sunnis
CNN  -- Juventus will go into Italian football 's winter break level on points with leaders AC Milan after being held 0-0 by third-placed Udinese on Wednesday . Antonio Conte 's team extended their unbeaten run to 16 Serie A matches to keep pace with the defending champions , who beat Cagliari 2-0 on Tuesday . Claudio Marchisio came closest to scoring in the eighth minute when he scraped the post with a low shot , while the home side rarely tested Juve keeper Gianluigi Buffon and had coach Francesco Guidolin sent to the stands late in the match . "  If someone had told me in July that we would finish the year without losing I would have thought he was mad , " Conte told reporters . Fourth-placed Lazio could have joined Udinese on 32 points -- two behind the leaders -- but only drew 0-0 at home to Chievo . Inter Milan moved up to fifth with a 4-1 victory over bottom club Lecce , while Napoli took sixth on goal difference after crushing Genoa 6-1 with two early goals from striker Edinson Cavani . Roma also have 24 points after a 2-0 win at Bologna , while ninth-placed Palermo blew a two-goal lead in the 2-2 draw at Novara in new coach Bortolo Mutti 's first match . Atalanta striker German Denis took his season tally to a league-leading 12 with a penalty in the 4-1 victory over Cesena that lifted his club up to 11th , while Parma and Catania drew 3-3 . German Cup holders Schalke failed to reach this season 's quarterfinals after losing 3-1 at Bundesliga high-flyers Borussia Monchengladbach . Young Gladbach striker Marco Reus netted two goals on 57 and 88 , while Schalke had Dutch forward Klaas-Jan Huntelaar and U.S. midfielder Jermaine Jones sent off at the start and end of the second half respectively . Top-flight club Mainz also crashed out , losing 2-0 to fourth division Holstein Kiel , but Hertha Berlin went through with a 3-1 win over Bundesliga rivals Kaiserslautern . Struggling Spanish club Villarreal sacked coach Juan Carlos Garrido after exiting the Copa del Rey at the hands of third division Mirandes , losing 2-0 on Wednesday for a 3-1 aggregate defeat . Atletico Madrid also went out to third division Albacete by the same overall result after losing 1-0 at home . Second division Alcorcon ousted La Liga strugglers Zaragoza with a 2-0 away win , also progressing 3-1 on aggregate .	AC Milan retain Serie A lead after second-placed Juventus draw 0-0 at Udinese Third-placed Udinese two points clear of Lazio , who also drop points German Cup holders Schalke beaten in last 16 by Borussia Monchengladbach Spanish club Villarreal sack coach Juan Carlos Garrido after exiting Copa del Rey
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British singer Amy Winehouse has been charged with "  common assault " in connection with an incident last September , and will appear in court later this month , Scotland Yard said Friday . Amy Winehouse performs at last year 's V Festival in Chelmsford , England . In the incident , on September 26 , the singer allegedly hit a fan at a charity ball , British media reported . A spokesman for the 25-year-old Winehouse said in a statement that she "  voluntarily attended a police station in London yesterday morning . "  She was questioned by appointment in relation to an accusation made after the Berkeley Ball last year . "  She was charged with common assault and will attend a court hearing in the coming weeks . " Winehouse is facing the possibility of another potentially damaging court case after husband Blake Fielder-Civil last month asked his lawyer "  to commence divorce proceedings on the grounds of Amy 's adultery , " his lawyer , Henri Brandman , said . That came after Fielder-Civil saw photos of her cavorting with another man during her recent holiday in the Caribbean , while he sat in a British jail .	Winehouse allegedly hit a fan at a charity ball in September She will appear in court later this month Troubled singer also facing divorce proceedings from jailed husband
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A hospital in northern Afghanistan admitted 160 schoolgirls Tuesday after they were poisoned , a Takhar province police official said . Their classrooms might have been sprayed with a toxic material before the girls entered , police spokesman Khalilullah Aseer said . He blamed the Taliban . The incident , the second in a week 's time , was reported at the Aahan Dara Girls School in Taluqan , the provincial capital . The girls , ages 10 to 20 , complained of headaches , dizziness and vomiting before being taken to the hospital , said Hafizullah Safi , director of the provincial health department . More than half of them were discharged within a few hours of receiving treatment , Safi said . The health department collected blood samples and sent them to Kabul for testing . Last week , more than 120 girls and three teachers were admitted to a hospital after a similar suspected poisoning . "  The Afghan people know that the terrorists and the Taliban are doing these things to threaten girls and stop them going to school , " Aseer said last week . "  That 's something we and the people believe . Now we are implementing democracy in Afghanistan and we want girls to be educated , but the government 's enemies do n't want this . " But earlier this week , the Taliban denied responsibility , instead blaming U.S. and NATO forces for the poisonings in an attempt to "  defame " the insurgent group . Taliban tightens grip on Afghan schools There have been several instances of girls being poisoned in schools in recent years . In April , also in Takhar province , more than 170 women and girls were hospitalized after drinking apparently poisoned well water at a school . Local health officials blamed the acts on extremists opposed to women 's education . While nearly all the incidents involve girls , earlier this month , nearly 400 boys at a school in Khost province fell ill after drinking water from a well that a health official said may have been poisoned . The Taliban recently demanded the closure of schools in two eastern provinces . In Ghazni , the school closure was in retaliation for the government 's ban on motorbikes often used by insurgents . People in Wardak said the Taliban has been a little more lenient and has allowed schools to open late after making changes to the curriculum . Tortured Afghan teen : ` The same should be done ' to attackers The battle indicates broader fears about Afghanistan 's future amid the drawdown of U.S. troops in the country . NATO leaders last week signed off on U.S. President Barack Obama 's exit strategy from Afghanistan , which calls for an end to combat operations next year and the withdrawal of the U.S.-led international military force by the end of 2014 . During the Taliban 's rule from 1996 to 2001 , many Afghan girls were not allowed to attend school . The schools began reopening after the regime was toppled by the U.S.-led invasion in 2001 . However , observers say abuse of women remains common in the post-Taliban era and is often accepted in conservative and traditional families , where women are barred from school and sometimes subjected to domestic violence . Afghan Education Minister Dr. Farooq Wardak told the Education World Forum in London in January 2011 that the Taliban had abandoned its opposition to education for girls , but the group has never confirmed that . Saving Face : The struggle and survival of Afghan women	Poison may have been sprayed into classrooms before girls entered , police spokesman says Girls complained of headaches , dizziness and vomiting ; many remain hospitalized It 's the second such poisoning in a week 's time A police spokesman blamed the Taliban , which has demanded the closure of some schools
CNN  -- On the first anniversary of the Israeli raid on a flotilla headed to Gaza , organizers of another flotilla planned for June held a news conference Monday that concluded with a minute of silence for the nine activists killed in that raid . The event was held on the Mavi Marmara , the ship that was the scene of the raid , which led to the deterioration of relations between Israel and Turkey , its once strong Muslim ally . Mavi Marmara -- owned by the Turkish Humanitarian Relief Foundation , or IHH -- and five other ships were on their way to Gaza carrying humanitarian aid and about 700 activists from various countries when Israeli soldiers swarmed aboard it in international waters on the night of May 30-31 , 2010 . Eight Turks and one American of Turkish origin died . Istanbul pulled its ambassador from Israel after the incident and the post has remained vacant . Huseyin Oruc , an executive from IHH , said Monday the flotilla that will set out in the last week of June in an attempt to break the Israeli blockade will consist of 15 ships and about 1,500 participants from 100 countries . The ships will carry a wide variety of humanitarian aid for Gaza , ranging from children 's toys to construction and medical supplies . They will be leaving from a variety of Mediterranean ports . At the news conference , Evangelos Pissias of Greece read out a joint statement on behalf of the international flotilla organization welcoming the recent decision of Egypt to open the Rafah border crossing into Gaza . However , he said , "  We must continue to challenge this blockade . We call on all states , the United Nations and international organizations to support our action and demand that Israel refrain from attacking our vessels . " Egypt opened its border crossing into Gaza on Saturday . It had been mostly kept closed after Hamas , an Islamic militant group , got control of Gaza in June 2007 . Asked if the flotilla organizers are taking any measures to protect the people on board the ships in case of an Israeli raid , Ann Wright , representing the American boat that will be a part of this year 's flotilla , told CNN , "  There is not much we can do . They have got the weapons . We have no weapons . We do n't want weapons . We are going non-violently . " The news conference ended with prayer and the minute of silence . Monday evening in Istanbul , anger spilled out as several thousand Turks gathered in the city 's central Taksim Square to mark the anniversary . Chants of "  Damn Israel " were interspersed with Arabic - and Turkish-language Islamic music as people waved Palestinian and Turkish flags at the event , which also was organized by the Turkish Humanitarian Foundation . The crowd , including men , women and children , carried banners saying "  Support Gaza , " "  Mavi Marmara martyrs are our honor " and "  Palestine will win . " They also sent Chinese lanterns into the sky and lit flares in red and green . There was a moment of prayer . The crowd got loudest when chanting "  Allahu Akbar . " One of the participants in the rally , Rabia Demirci , has registered to take part in the next flotilla . "  I do n't think  Israel  will attack after this , " she said . "  The Rafah crossing is open , too . God willing , it wo n't . But if it attacks , we will continue on our path again , saying on with resistance . No obstacle can block our path . " Palestinians also marked the day , with many taking to small boats off the coast of Gaza City .	A moment of silence was held on the Mavi Marmara for the nine activists who died The Mavi Marmara was the ship on which the nine died in the Israeli raid Another , larger flotilla is planned for the last week of June
CNN  -- Consider this . On December 17 , 2010 , Mohamed Bouazizi , a young Tunisian street vendor , set himself on fire and started a dramatic remaking of the political landscape . The striking of a match brought change not only in Tunisia , but also in Egypt and Libya , and even what is happening in Syria . On the other hand , since March 2011 , about 29 Tibetans , mostly Buddhist monks and nuns , have self-immolated in Tibetan parts of China . In March 2012 alone , seven people self-immolated , and Tibetan exiles in India have been setting themselves on fire . The political result ? Nothing . So why does the self-immolation of one man accomplish so much , but the same gesture performed by so many others accomplishes nothing ? Perhaps the question should be phrased differently , because a closer look at Bouazizi 's deed and the Tibetan cases reveals that it is something other than the sheer number of self-immolations that makes them a catalyst for change . Tunisians could easily identify with Bouazizi 's extreme predicament . His actions spoke to the community 's shared frustration and despair . But the demands of Tibetan self-immolators are varied . Some want a "  free Tibet , " as do all Tibetan exiles , but others only want freedom of religion , or political autonomy , or the opportunity to study in Tibetan as opposed to Chinese , or the return of the Dalai Lama to Tibet . When a self-immolator like Bouazizi is perceived as taking upon himself the humiliations and shameful submissions , the collective cowardice and voluntary servitude of his people , he burns off , along with his body , the diffuse sense of shame and guilt that has been paralyzing his community . The burning body thus becomes a site of cleansing , catharsis and regeneration . The community is going -- vicariously , but no less effectively -- through a "  purification by fire . " And in the process an important thing takes place : That society reinvents itself , it is transformed from a shattered community into a political community . As the body is being devoured by flames , the promise  if only the promise  of a new beginning takes shape . The self-immolations of Thích Quàng Đúc in Saigon in 1963 and Jan Palach in Prague in 1969 were not very different from that of Bouazizi . The former was a Buddhist monk who self-immolated to draw attention to the persecution of Buddhists in Vietnam under the Ngô Đình Diem 's regime ; the latter was a philosophy student who did the same thing in Prague as a response to the Soviet Union 's crush of the Prague Spring . Self-immolations that prompt political change are extraordinary and rare events . The ancient Greeks had two different words for time : chronos for ordinary time and kairos for time of special quality -- a particularly propitious time for which our "  right time " is a rather weak translation . For self-immolations to be politically successful , they have to happen in kairos . Bouazizi , Đúc and Palach had many imitators , but none since have achieved so much . That 's why the high number of self-immolations among Tibetans lately could be read as an implicit admission of failure . Even though the first self-immolation by a former Tibetan monk , Thupten Ngodup , on April 27 , 1998 , in New Delhi , had some public impact , it failed to cause the political commotion that Bouazizi triggered in the Arab world . Nor have any of the other Tibetan self-immolators since . Yet , this should not surprise us . There is a strong rejection of violence in Buddhism . Even through self-immolations took place in medieval China and 20th-century Vietnam , even though the Lotus Sutra praises "  burning for Buddha " as the supreme self-sacrifice , Buddhists are very reluctant to condone violence . Tibetan Buddhism , in particular , is centered on compassion toward all sentient beings and prohibition of murder , suicide included . Such a religious and cultural viewpoint must prevent ordinary Tibetans from identifying with the self-immolators . Accommodating this radical form of violence within a culture that has for centuries fed on cosmic compassion and political non-violence is not an easy process . That is why the recent string of self-immolations in Tibetan parts of China is a sign that this could be changing . Most self-immolators are young -- some are teens -- which indicates that the new generation of politically aware Tibetans might have lost patience with the Dalai Lama 's nonviolent political philosophy and want to respond differently to the Chinese 's aggressive methods . What we see now is possibly the beginning of a new type of political engagement in Tibet , a new pattern very different from Bouazizi 's and Palach 's , who emerged from communities that had been brought to their knees . Tibetans , instead , over the last 60 years have considered their nation as occupied , but not defeated . Since 1959 they have with some regularity risen against the Chinese authorities . It 's very disturbing to watch these self-immolations , but that is part of the intent . The Tibetans want the Chinese and the world to look . The meaning of their gesture lies in its total passivity . It is no accident that after every self-immolation the Chinese authorities scramble to confiscate and destroy any pictures taken ; they are only too aware of the iconic status such images can acquire . In essence , these self-immolations are an extreme form of political self-expression . They are performed as part of a struggle for recognition , as an autonomous political community . It confirms what Thích Nhất Hạnh was saying in 1967 : "  To burn oneself by fire is to prove that what one is saying is of the utmost importance . There is nothing more painful than burning oneself . To say something while experiencing this kind of pain is to say it with utmost courage , frankness , determination and sincerity . " For many Tibetan monks and nuns of today the burning body has become a tool for the most resounding of self-assertions ; when you are in flames your presence can not be ignored anymore . It is a shouting game of sorts , except that no party shouts . The Tibetans express themselves by burning ; the Chinese authorities do the same by shooting Tibetans . Then , another monk or nun engages in self-expression and everything starts anew . Palden Gyatso , a Tibetan monk who spent more than 30 years in Chinese prisons and labor camps , once said : "  For those who use brute force , there is nothing more insulting than a victim 's refusal to acknowledge their power . " Rarely has the desire for recognition been so desperate and moving . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Costica Bradatan .	Costica Bradatan : 30 Tibetans self-immolated in Tibetan parts of China without political change Yet a Tunisian 's setting himself afire set off Arab spring , he says . Why was that different ? He writes : The Tunisian spoke to everyone 's despair ; Tibetan protesters have varying goals Bradatan : Tibetans are nonviolent , but some may be tired of Dalai Lama 's pacifism
CNN  -- Academy Award-winning composer Maurice Jarre , who scored movies including "  Doctor Zhivago " and "  Lawrence of Arabia " among others , died Sunday from cancer in Los Angeles . He was 84 . Movie composer Maurice Jarre pictured at the Berlin International Film Festival last month . Jarre enjoyed an illustrious career , working with Hollywood directing legends including John Huston , Alfred Hitchcock and , most notably , David Lean . Fellow French composer Alexandre Desplat , who interviewed Jarre for The Screening Room at the Berlin International Film Festival last month , told CNN Monday : "  Maurice was an immense artist , an incredible symphonist , a magician of the melody and a benevolent human being . " Watch tribute to Maurice Jarre " Jarre won Oscars in 1963 and 1966 for his collaborations on the Lean movies "  Lawrence of Arabia " and "  Doctor Zhivago " respectively . He then mustered a further six Oscar nominations but his third award came once again through a further collaboration with Lean on " A Passage to India " in 1984 . He then swapped orchestral composition to become a pioneer of electronic scoring , working on the music for , among others , "  Ghost , " "  Witness , " "  Dead Poet 's Society " and "  Fatal Attraction . " At the same time his son Jean-Michel Jarre became one of the world 's best known electronic musicians with global hits such as "  Oxygene " and huge outdoor concerts . His final movie composition was for the 2000 film "  I Dreamed of Africa . " Jarre 's career included symphonies , ballet and theatre but it was for his 150 film scores that he was presented with an honorary Golden Bear at the Berlin International Film Festival last month - almost half a century after producer Sam Spiegel hired him to work on "  Lawrence of Arabia . " Festival director Dieter Kosslick said in a statement late last year : "  Film composers often are in the shadows of great directors and acting stars . It 's different with Maurice Jarre ; the music of ` Doctor Zhivago , ' like much of his work , is world-famous and remains unforgotten in the history of cinema . " Speaking in Berlin to double-Oscar nominee Desplat -- who himself scored "  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " and "  The Queen " -- Jarre said : "  I never really had a ` bust-up ' with a good director . A good director will always find an intellectual understanding . And that 's what was great - I had an opportunity with all these people . I do n't think I can say that I ever worked with a bad director . " But Jarre also said that directing legends of the rank of Huston and Hitchock had disappeared and no longer existed , adding : "  The only problem is now , there is more and more bad music that goes ` dang dang dang dang dang ... ' So ... it 's better to turn off the music , and listen to a concert of Mozart . " Senior producer Neil Curry and associate producer Lidz-Ama Appiah contributed to this report .	Maurice Jarre won three Oscars during his career , all for scoring films by David Lean During the 1980s , 1990s he scored music for "  Ghost , " "  Witness , " "  Fatal Attraction " Career recognized most recently at the Berlin International Film Festival
CNN  Retired NFL star Darren Sharper changed course and pleaded guilty Monday to one count of sexual assault and one count of attempted sexual assault . Sharper has been in jail in Los Angeles since last year , but this case was in Arizona . Sharper and his attorney had a telephone meeting with Judge Warren Granville , where the former player and television analyst changed his plea . The judge sentenced Sharper to nine years in prison with no eligibility for early release , Maricopa County Attorney 's Office spokesman Jerry Cobb said . Sharper will also be placed on lifetime probation afterward . Sharper , a five-time Pro Bowl player , originally faced five counts of drugging and raping three women in Scottsdale , Arizona , in November 2013 . Before being indicted in Arizona , Sharper was arrested in California on charges of drugging and raping two women in that state . He was also under investigation in other states . Florida prosecutors announced last year they would not prosecute Sharper on similar allegations , but he faces federal charges in Louisiana . Sharper played for the Green Bay Packers , Minnesota Vikings and New Orleans Saints from 1997 through the 2010 season . The five-time Pro Bowl player intercepted 63 passes in his career , tying for seventh all-time . He is tied for second all-time in interceptions returned for touchdowns with 11 , according to Pro-Football-Reference . com . He later worked as an analyst for NFL Network . Sharper will get about 300 days credit for time already served in California , Cobb said . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Former NFL star Darren Sharper pleaded guilty to sexual assault Initially he had pleaded not guilty He is facing additional charges in other states
CNN  -- A Nigerian militant group released pictures Sunday of two Britons identified as captive oil workers , saying the men were "  alive and well " and that more such Western workers would be taken hostage if the country does not stop exporting its oil wealth . The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta released this image of two men it claims are British hostages . The photos , sent in an e-mail by the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND  , show the men , identified as Robin Barry Hughes and Matthew John Maguire , standing on a dirt path wearing dirty shorts and flip flops . The pictures were "  recent , " MEND said in a written statement , but it is unclear when they were taken . MEND , formed in 2005 , has taken American and European oil workers hostages in the past . The group is calling for more of the African nation 's oil wealth to be pumped into the region -- instead of going to foreign investors -- and the release of political prisoners . The United States Agency for International Development says more than 70 percent of Nigeria lives on less than a dollar a day -- the population is among the 20 poorest in the world . Nigeria 's federal government and oil companies split oil profits roughly 60-40 . The money is then supposed to make its way down to the local governments to fund various projects , but little money actually reaches its intended destination . The country 's anti-corruption agency estimates between $ 300 billion to $ 400 billion has been stolen or wasted over the last 50 years . "  Our policy on kidnapping high value oil workers from Western Europe and North America remains unchanged and will continue to form an integral part of our pressure strategy in the emancipation struggle in 2009 , " MEND said in its statement . Watch special correspondent Lisa Ling meet militant group in a secret location A spokeswoman for the British Foreign Office said the government was aware of the pictures . "  We call for their immediate and unconditional release and will remain in close contact with their families , " the spokeswoman said , though she declined to elaborate on whether the families had seen the photos . "  Our thoughts are with them on this deeply distressful time . " Violence in oil-rich Nigeria has been limiting crude supplies out of the country . MEND has been attacking oil pipelines in retaliation against government forces , limiting the amount of crude oil that can be exported . MEND also repeated its threat that the men would be held hostage until the Nigerian government releases one of the group 's members , Henry Okah , who was taken into custody last year and , according to local reports , is charged with treason .	Nigeria is one of world 's richest oil states ; people are among poorest in world Militant group MEND demands profits given to Nigerian people MEND is holding two British oil workers captive MEND says more workers will be seized if Nigeria does not stop exporting oil wealth
Australian morning show anchor Karl Stefanovic wore the same suit every day for a year , minus a dry cleaning here and there . Nobody noticed . His co-anchor , Lisa Wilkinson , wears something different every day -- and viewers regularly let her have it .  One correspondent demanded she "  get some style " and called one outfit "  jarring and awful . " A double standard ? Of course . Stefanovic was trying to make a point about sexism , he told Australia 's Fairfax Media . "  I 'm judged on my interviews , my appalling sense of humor -- on how I do my job , basically . Whereas women are quite often judged on what they 're wearing or how their hair is , " he said . It 's certainly nothing new . There are hundreds of "  worst-dressed women " galleries after awards shows , but almost nobody publishes a "  worst-dressed " gallery of actors ; few keep track of Brad Pitt 's hairstyles as assiduously as they do those of his former wife , Jennifer Aniston . And often , as Stefanovic pointed out on Monday 's show , it 's women criticizing other women . Indeed , there 's a whole industry of gossip and fashion magazines targeted at women that exist to showcase women 's clothing and "  hot new looks , " while in magazines aimed at men -- such as GQ and Esquire -- fashion and style are simply portions of a much larger scope of issues . It 's "  ridiculous , " agrees New York-based style consultant Rachel Weingarten -- but nevertheless , she adds , there 's something to be said for being noticed . "  Is it deep down a good thing ? Yes , " she says . "  From a business perspective , it 's excellent that viewers feel connected enough or engaged enough that they can write to their local newscaster and say , ` Hey , you look kinda crummy today . ' If you 're being talked about , great . It means people care about your appearance . " Moreover , she adds , men are aware of image as well , even if it 's usually under the radar .  There are exceptions : both Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama were criticized for their choice of suits , and Weingarten says that her mother once accosted the notoriously sloppy New York mayor Ed Koch and told him to clean up . "  I 've noticed that with my  male  executive clients and CEOs , they 're more interested in products for their face -- eye creams and whitening their teeth , " she says . "  So you may not notice it to the naked eye , but the bottom line is there 's a lot below the surface we should look into . " Besides , women have more options : a male broadcaster such as Stefanovic is pretty much locked into a suit and tie , while a woman can indulge in some variety  though TV image consultants may have something to say about that , as Wilkinson observed in a pointed speech  . "  It 's not completely black and white , " Weingarten adds . "  It seems that way -- and it 's unfair -- but there 's a lot going on beneath the surface , too . " Still , Stefanovic is glad he got the conversation going . On Monday 's show , Wilkinson pointed out that his stunt even got attention in the Middle East . And now , at the urging of his colleagues , Stefanovic plans to change . His suit , that is . "  Only Lisa and  colleague Sylvia Jeffreys  know about the suit . They often remark that it 's getting a bit stinky , " he told Fairfax Media . "  I 'm hoping to get it into the dry cleaners at the end of the year . "	Australian broadcaster wore same suit for a year Female co-anchor has often gotten criticized for her clothes Double standard is "  ridiculous , " says consultant -- but there 's something to be said for style "  It 's not completely black and white , " she says
CNN  Nursing mother Lauren Modeen has taken to Twitter to ask why Delta Air Lines forced her to check her breast pump . Modeen was boarding Delta Flight 2034 last week traveling from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport to Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport . It was her second flight of the day for a business trip that would keep her away from her baby for four days . The gate agents would n't allow Modeen to board the January 19 flight with her breast pump , which was packed in her standard carry-on suitcase , Modeen said . She also had her purse and a cooler with ice packs to transport her breast milk . Delta and other airlines allow one carry-on bag and one personal item , such as a purse , for free . Medical devices , strollers and certain other equipment are also allowed and do n't count against a traveler 's carry-on allowance , according to airline policy . The gate agent first told her that she needed to consolidate her luggage , even after Modeen says she told the agent that the suitcase included a medical device . "  She then said the computer just gave her a message stating that all passengers starting with me would need to check their bags , " Modeen told CNN . "  When I later entered the jet bridge , passengers lining up behind me had their suitcases . " Passenger Peggy Flanagan , who says she does n't know Modeen , said she saw and heard much of the exchange as she was waiting in line to board the aircraft . "  I saw a young woman who seemed really troubled , and the ticket agent continued to say , ` you ca n't take it on ; you 're going to have to check your bag , ' " said Flanagan , executive director of the Children 's Defense Fund of Minnesota . "  She kept saying , ' I have a medical device I need to bring with me on the plane , ' over and over , visibly upset , " Flanagan told CNN . "  The ticket agent and her supervisor , who she eventually called over , were not helpful and not supportive . " "  When I got onto the flight , there were at least five available spots in the overhead bins , " Flanagan said . Even if the flight had been full , Flanagan said , they could have asked for volunteers to check their luggage so Modeen 's breast pump could be carried on the flight . "  There was no initiative to help her . " Modeen , who could n't pump for eight hours , finally picked up her breast pump in her suitcase at the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport baggage claim , she said . "  Delta supports the rights of women to breastfeed , " Delta spokeswoman Lindsay McDuff wrote in an email . "  Breastfeeding and breast pumps are permitted aboard any Delta flight and in Delta ground facilities . We have apologized to the customer for her experience . " Delta 's policy on its website , under infant travel , explicitly mentions breast pumps : "  Delta fully supports a woman 's right to breast-feed on board Delta and Delta Connection aircraft and in Delta facilities . Breast pumps are allowed on board . " Other U.S. airlines have similar policies . "  Southwest welcomes nursing mothers who wish to breastfeed on the aircraft and/or within our facilities , " Southwest Airlines spokeswoman Brandy King wrote in an email . "  We do not have restrictions on nursing . Breast pumps are considered a medical device and do not count towards the number of carryon items . " "  When flying on an American Airlines flight , breastfeeding mothers are welcome to do so during all phases of flight , " American Airlines spokeswoman Brianna Jackson wrote in an email . "  They are welcome to bring breastfeeding equipment on board as it does not count as a carry-on item . " American 's policy is n't online , but passengers can call the reservations number to get more information , Jackson said . "  No prohibitions on breastfeeding for us , " United Airlines spokeswoman Jennifer Dohm wrote in an email . She made no mention of the use of breast pumps on United flights . Modeen says she hopes to increase awareness around women 's rights to breastfeed and pump on airlines . With her new Facebook page , Boobs on Board , she wants encourage airlines to post their pro-breastfeeding and breast-pumping policies inside all aircraft . She says she pitched the idea to Susanna Curtis , Delta CEO Richard Anderson 's executive assistant , who she says called her to talk about the incident . "  I told her that on behalf of all nursing moms , I would be extremely grateful if this change happened , " Modeen said .  A Delta spokeswoman did n't comment on that conversation . Modeen hopes her proposal would encourage airline staff members , increase flying women 's awareness of their rights aboard and decrease their anxiety around breastfeeding and pumping aboard , she said . It 's not the first time Delta has faced conflict over breastfeeding . In February , a passenger tried to confirm Delta 's breastfeeding policy before flying because her child wo n't drink from bottles or be covered while eating . An official Delta Twitter account suggested that she pump before boarding . Later , the account apologized for incorrectly stating the airline 's policy and said she was free to breastfeed .	A Delta passenger claims a gate agent forced her to check her suitcase The agent would n't budge , even after she was told it contained her breast pump The airline has since apologized
CNN  -- Three people were killed and 10 wounded when a hospital treating victims of Sri Lanka 's civil war was shelled for a fourth time in two days , the International Committee of the Red Cross told CNN Tuesday . A civilian , injured during fighting in rebel territory , lies on a bed at a hospital in Vavuniya on January 16 , 2009 . Artillery shells slammed into the hospital in the northern district of Mullaittivu on Monday evening . Strikes on the hospital on Sunday -- including one that hit the pediatric ward -- left 11 people dead , including some children , according to an aid worker who spoke to witnesses . Government forces and Tamil rebels are locked in a battle for the remaining rebel strongholds in northern Sri Lanka , where the the country 's ethnic Tamil minority has been fighting for an independent homeland since 1983 . Humanitarian groups say as many as 250,000 unprotected civilians are trapped in the area . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead . International humanitarian aid agencies have asked for increased access to the region , calling conditions in northern Sri Lanka a "  nightmarish situation . " Sarah Crowe of UNICEF told CNN Monday that aid from the United Nations was getting into the war zone only every few days . Watch video an aid group says shows civilians suffering " "  We need open access , " she said . "  These children and families need to be protected and they need to get out fast . " Hundreds of civilians , including children , have been wounding in fighting since the end of last week . Government officials have accused aid organizations and foreign media of sensationalizing civilian casualties . "  It looks as if it 's convenient for certain agencies to exaggerate the numbers so that this can be converted to a humanitarian crisis in the public eye , " Secretary of Foreign Affairs Dr. Palitha Kohona told CNN . Over the weekend , Defense Secretary Gotabaya Rajapaksa promised to "  continue with the military offensive until we liberate the remaining area under LTTE  the rebel group 's  control , " according to Sri Lanka 's state-run news agency . Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilians and urged the Tamil Tigers , as the rebels are commonly known , to promise the same . A handful of U.N. staff are working round the clock to save a growing number of children caught in the crossfire , a U.N. spokesman said Saturday . Children as young as 4 months old were being treated in area hospitals for shrapnel injuries and other wounds of war , spokesman James Elder told CNN . "  There is just intense fighting in a small area where children and other civilians are , " Elder said . "  The space -LSB- where conflict is taking place -RSB- is shrinking and the fighting is augmenting . " Last Thursday , U.N. aid workers rescued 50 critically injured children and 105 adults , he said . "  We are trying to get as many people out of there as we can , " Elder said . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	3 dead as hospital treating Sri Lanka 's civil war victims shelled for fourth time Government forces , Tamil rebels locked in battle for last rebel strongholds Humanitarian aid agencies call for increased access to northern Sri Lanka More than 200 civilians injured in past 3 days of fighting , says relief worker
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel has warned Syria 's government that any aggression against Israeli citizens will be met with force , as a roadside bomb attack which injured Israeli troops prompted airstrikes on Syrian targets . Addressing a Cabinet meeting Wednesday , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the Israeli strikes on Syrian territory targeted elements "  that not only facilitated , but also cooperated with , the attacks on our forces . " He added , "  Our policy is very clear : We attack those who attack us . " The government of Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad is engaged in a long-running civil war which has seen some conflict spill over into neighboring countries . Four Israeli paratroopers were injured Tuesday when the bomb exploded under their patrol jeep in the Golan Heights , near the frontier between Israel and Syria , the Israel Defense Forces said . Before the explosion , Israeli forces had detected suspicious movements near the border , the IDF said . Israeli forces responded to the blast with artillery fire aimed at Syrian military targets across the frontier , it said . This was followed by airstrikes early Wednesday . "  We will not tolerate any violation of our sovereignty and attacks against our soldiers and civilians , and we will act unwaveringly and with strength against all those that are acting against us , at every time and every place , " said Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon . "  We see the Assad regime as responsible for what is going on in its territory , and if it continues to cooperate with terror organizations that are trying to attack Israel , we will continue to extract a heavy price from him , in a way which will make him regret his actions . " A statement from the Syrian army command , broadcast by Syrian state TV , said one soldier was killed and seven others injured in Israeli airstrikes on a checkpoint in the Quneitra area . The Quneitra crossing is the only access point between Syria and Israel and in the past has been fiercely fought over by Syrian rebels and government forces . Israeli artillery , tank shells and armor-piercing shells directed near the village of Seheit had also caused "  material damage , " the military statement said . The Syrian army accused Israel of violating the terms of a 1974 "  disengagement agreement " between the two nations , and of seeking to ease pressure on the "  terrorists " it blames for the violence in Syria . "  The General Command of the Army and Armed Forces warns that these desperate bids of provocations and escalations by these continuing acts of aggressions can risk the security and the stability of the region and open up all possibilities , " it said . Netanyahu , in his Cabinet remarks , said Israel would continue to do all it could to prevent the movement of weapons into Syria . The mountainous Golan was captured by Israel in 1967 during the Six-Day War against Egypt , Iraq , Jordan and Syria . A peace deal was reached between Israel and Syria in 1974 , and a U.N. observer force monitors the cease-fire line . Israel annexed the Golan Heights in 1981 . CNN 's Michael Schwartz reported from Jerusalem and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Israel 's air force strikes Syrian targets , a day after Israeli troops were attacked Syrian military says one soldier was killed , seven injured , according to Syrian state TV Benjamin Netanyahu warns : "  Our policy is very clear : We attack those who attack us " Israel 's defense minister says Israel holds Syrian President Bashar al-Assad responsible
CNN  -- Investigators involved in the case of serial killing suspect Elias Abuelazam went to Louisville , Kentucky , on Monday to retrieve two of his bags , Michigan police said . Abuelazam is suspected of slashing 18 victims in Michigan , Virginia and Ohio , killing five . He was arrested at Hartsfield Jackson International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia , last week as he was attempting to board a flight to Israel . Abuelazam has agreed to be sent back to Michigan to face charges , but he remains in custody in Atlanta . Michigan authorities have some two weeks to pick him up . As of Monday afternoon , police said they do not know how , or when , Abuelazam will be transported . He traveled last week from Detroit , Michigan , to Louisville , before heading to Atlanta , police said . The airline company misplaced his luggage and the bags never made it to Atlanta , they added . Michigan authorities said they took the two bags back with them . Lt. Steven Sipes of the Michigan police declined to say what was in the luggage , but he added the bags are now part of the department 's investigation . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Elias Abuelazam remains in custody in Atlanta , Georgia Authorities are working to transfer him to Michigan He is linked to 18 stabbings in Michigan , Virginia and Ohio , police say
Mental Floss  -- Because you were n't going into botany , the priesthood , or coin manufacturing , you thought you were safe to dismiss Latin as a dead language . Obviously , you did n't graduate cum laude . I think , therefore I am the famous statue "  The Thinker " by French sculptor Auguste Rodin . Latin is about as dead as Elvis  who , by the way , made $ 54 million in 2004  . Whether you 're deciphering a cryptic state seal or trying to impress your Catholic in-laws , knowing some Latin has its advantages . But the operative word here is "  some . " The ability to translate The Aeneid probably is n't going to come in handy anytime soon , so we 'll start you off with 9 phrases that have survived the hatchet men of time  in all their pretentious glory  . Caveat Emptor :  KAV-ee-OT emp-TOR  : "  Let the buyer beware " Before money-back guarantees and 20-year warranties , caveat emptor was indispensable advice for the consumer . These days , it 'd be more fitting to have it tattooed on the foreheads of used-car salesmen , infomercial actors , and prostitutes . For extra credit points , remember that caveat often makes solo appearances at cocktail parties as a fancy term for a warning or caution . Oh , and just so you know , caveat lector means "  let the reader beware . " Persona Non Grata :  puhr-SOH-nah non GRAH-tah  : "  An unacceptable person " Remember your old college buddy , the one everybody called Chugger ? Now picture him at a debutante ball , and you 'll start to get a sense of someone with persona non grata status . The term is most commonly used in diplomatic circles to indicate that a person is unwelcome due to ideological differences or a breach of trust . Sometimes , the tag refers to a pariah , a ne'er - do-well , a killjoy , or an interloper , but it 's always subjective . Michael Moore was treated as a persona non grata at the Republican National Convention . Bill O'Reilly would experience the same at Burning Man . Habeas Corpus :  HAY-bee-as KOR-pus  : "  You have the body " When you wake up in the New Orleans Parish Prison after a foggy night at Mardi Gras , remember this one . In a nutshell , habeas corpus is what separates us from savages . It 's the legal principle that guarantees an inmate the right to appear before a judge in court , so it can be determined whether or not that person is being lawfully imprisoned . It 's also one of the cornerstones of the American and British legal systems . Without it , tyrannical and unjust imprisonments would be possible . In situations where national security is at risk , however , habeas corpus can be suspended . Cogito Ergo Sum :  CO-gee-toe ER-go SOME  : "  I think , therefore I am " When all those spirited mental wrestling matches you have about existentialism start growing old  yeah , right !  , you can always put an end to the debate with cogito ergo sum . René Descartes , the 17th-century French philosopher , coined the phrase as a means of justifying reality . According to him , nothing in life could be proven except one 's thoughts . Well , so he thought , anyway . E Pluribus Unum :  EE PLUR-uh-buhs OOH-nuhm  : "  Out of many , one " Less unique than it sounds , America 's original national motto , e pluribus unum , was plagiarized from an ancient recipe for salad dressing . In the 18th century , haughty intellectuals were fond of this phrase . It was the kind of thing gentlemen 's magazines would use to describe their year-end editions . But the term made its first appearance in Virgil 's poem "  Moretum " to describe salad dressing . The ingredients , he wrote , would surrender their individual aesthetic when mixed with others to form one unique , homogenous , harmonious , and tasty concoction . As a slogan , it really nailed that whole cultural melting pot thing we were going for . And while it continues to appear on U.S. coins , "  In God We Trust " came along later  officially in 1956  to share the motto spotlight . Quid Pro Quo :  kwid proh KWOH  : "  You scratch my back , I 'll scratch yours " Given that quid pro quo refers to a deal or trade , it 's no wonder the Brits nicknamed their almighty pound the "  quid . " And if you give someone some quid , you 're going to expect some quo . The phrase often lives in the courtroom , where guilt and innocence are the currency . It 's the oil that lubricates our legal system . Something of a quantified value is traded for something of equal value ; elements are parted and parceled off until quid pro quo is achieved . Most recently , Arizona Senator John McCain co-opted the phrase to describe campaign finance and influence pedaling because he believes that one does n't give major milk to a campaign without expecting major cheese in return . Ad Hominem :  ad HAH-mi-nem  : "  To attack the man " In the world of public discourse , ad hominem is a means of attacking one 's rhetorical opponent by questioning his or her reputation or expertise rather than sticking to the issue at hand . Translation : Politicians are really good at it . People who resort to ad hominem techniques are usually derided as having a diluted argument or lack of discipline . If pressed , they 'll brandish it like a saber and refuse to get back to the heart of the matter . Who said the debate team does n't have sex appeal ? Ad Majorem Dei Gloriam :  ad-MA-yor-em DAY-ee GLOR-ee-um  : "  All for the Greater Glory of God " Ad majorem dei gloriam is often shortened to AMDG . In other words , it 's the WWJD of the Jesuits , who 've been drilling the mantra into their followers since  Saint  Ignatius of Loyola founded the Catholic Order in 1534 . They believe all actions , big or small , should be done with AMDG in mind . Remind your Jesuit-educated buddies of this when they seem to be straying from the path .  Best used with a wink and a hint of irony . Sui Generis :  SOO-ee JEN-er-is  : "  Of its own genus , " or "  Unique and unable to classify " Frank Zappa , the VW Beetle , cheese in a can , that feeling you get when the Red Sox win the World Series : Sui generis refers to something that 's so new , so bizarre , or so rare that it defies categorization . Granted , labeling something "  sui generis " is really just classifying the unclassifiable . But let 's not over-think it . Use it at a dinner party to describe Andy Kaufman , and you impress your friends . Use it too often , and you just sound pretentious . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Nine Latin phrases commonly used today Persona non grata : Person unwelcome due to ideological differences Quid pro quo refers to a deal or trade Sui generis refers to something so new or bizarre it defies categorization
CNN  -- It is the strange "  tail " of Graeme Swann , his cat and a brush with the law that has made the England cricket team "  paws " for thought before trash talking each other on Twitter . Swann , the world 's top ranked spin bowler , appeared in court earlier this week charged with a drink-driving offence and it is the details that emerged during the hearing that provoked such mirth in England 's dressing room . Nottingham magistrates court heard how the 31-year-old told police officers he had been to buy a screwdriver so he could release his cat who was trapped under the floorboards of his home . The trial was adjourned until October , but after the England team arrived in London to begin training ahead of the third Test with Pakistan , two of Swann 's teammates joked about the affair on their Twitter accounts . Kevin Pietersen , England 's flamboyant batsman , who was born and raised in South Africa , posted : "  2 hours with @Swannyg66 -LSB- Swann -RSB- this am and I 'm still not having this ` cat ' story !! Haha . " A short time after , Swann updated his account by tweeting : "  Such a shame my teammates are so remedial in their ` banter ' . Must be because they 're all south African ... " Fast bowler Jimmy Anderson , who has nearly 55,000 followers on Twitter , got in on the act too . He tweeted : "  Swanny has turned up this morning with a tag round his ankle . Not sure what that 's for . " The players may have enjoyed their online banter but on the pitch England toiled on the opening day of the third Test against Pakistan at the Oval . England won the toss and chose to bat , hoping to add to their 2-0 series lead , but were dismissed for just 233 as Wahab Riaz took five wickets on his Test debut . Opening batsman Alastair Cook 's miserable run of form continued as he was dismissed by Mohammad Asif for just six . Captain Andrew Strauss was Riaz 's first victim as he was caught behind by Kamran Akmal for just 15 , before the pace bowler went on to claim the scalps of Jonathan Trott , Pietersen , Eoin Morgan and Stuart Broad . Wicketkeeper Matt Prior gave England 's total some respectability with a forceful 84 not out and he was ably assisted by Broad , who made 48 . Saeed Ajmal trapped England 's last batsman , Steve Finn , LBW as Pakistan dismissed the hosts with more than an hour 's play remaining . Imran Farhat and Yasir Hameed started Pakistan 's reply strongly , adding 48 , before Farhat was bowled by Anderson in the final over of the day .	England cricketers joke around on Twitter at bowler Graeme Swann 's expense Swann appeared in court on a drink driving charge this week Spinner claimed he had been to get a screwdriver to rescue his cat who was trapped England struggle on opening day of third Test with Pakistan
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Japan 's main opposition party has filed a protest with search-engine giant Google , urging it to delete from its mapping service the Chinese name for a cluster of disputed islands . The islands in the East China Sea are known as the Senkaku in Japan and as the Diaoyu in China . "  It is clear that the Senkaku Islands are under the effective control of Japan in both history and the international law . Therefore , there is no territorial dispute to be resolved over the islands , " the Liberal Democratic Party said Wednesday . "  It is clearly wrong to list the names as if a territorial dispute exists with China in this area . We strongly call you to delete it as soon as possible , " the party said to Google . Asked about the LDP 's move , Japanese Foreign Minister Seiji Maehara said , "  The LDP 's action was totally upright . If necessary , the Japanese government will also take action together . " His ministry "  will lodge a protest within a few days , " he said . Google , based in the United States , was not immediately available for comment . Beijing says the Diaoyu Islands and most of the South China Sea belong to China , disputing neighboring countries ' claims . The clash over territorial waters and islands -- and the natural resources that go with them -- is a flash point in the Asia-Pacific region . Last month , China and Japan clashed over Japan 's arrest of a Chinese fishing captain . The battle escalated into diplomatic threats by Beijing , the suspension of diplomatic talks and canceled trips between the nations . "  If you read history documents , Chinese first discovered the island and put it in effective administration , " Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokeswoman Jiang Yu said at the time . Chinese state-run media also has repeatedly run articles claiming China 's "  indisputable sovereign rights " to the islands . Japan late last month freed the fishing captain , who returned to a hero 's welcome in China . Critics blasted Japan 's government for backtracking , with some saying it had put business interests first .	The islands belong to Japan , the Liberal Democratic Party says They are known as the Senkaku in Japan and as the Diaoyu in China Japan 's foreign minister says he supports the LDP 's request The islands were part of a recent diplomatic battle between Tokyo and Beijing
Before sitting down with "  Princeton mom " Susan Patton , I was fairly certain there was nothing I would find redeeming about her or her new book , "  Marry Smart , " with its message that women should spend 75 % of their time in college looking for a man . After all , her letter to the "  Daily Princetonian " last year , which went viral , outraged many women , myself included , with its message that a woman should find a husband on campus before she graduates . What ? Have n't we come a long way , baby , from the days when a woman 's only focus was marriage and motherhood ? After my hourlong conversation and polite give and take with Patton , a 59-year-old human resources consultant and executive coach , I found myself still not agreeing with much of what she thinks but understanding the reasoning behind her efforts to get the conversation going . I remember seeing a magazine piece shortly after I graduated college in the late 1980s that pictured a 40-something business woman with a title something along the lines of "  I Forgot to Have Kids . " Dating checklists : practical or nitpicky ? That image , and the harsh reality at that time for many highly successful professional women , stayed with me for years . I continued my career as a fairly hard-driving news reporter , but in the back of my mind , I knew that I wanted children and did n't want to wake up one day regretting that I never made motherhood a priority . In a small but highly controversial way , Patton may be doing something similar for young women in college who want to get married and have kids someday . "  Honey , keep this in mind . You can not wait forever to get married and have children , " she tells them , citing declining fertility rates for women in their 30s . While I understand Patton 's desire to have young women feel more comfortable admitting whether they want motherhood in addition to  or in the absence of  a career , I wondered if her delivery , and her words , are doing more to set modern women back . Single woman seeking part-time lover ? Patton , who is divorced and whose sons followed her to Princeton  one is still an undergraduate  , did n't mince words during our conversation . An edited version of our talk is below : Kelly : Do you consider yourself a feminist ? Patton : Of course , I am fully supportive of equal rights and equal opportunity for women , and I recognize that I am one of the earliest beneficiaries of the good works of the women 's movement . ... However , feminism has taken a turn to the dark side . Feminists have become antagonistic . They 've become bullying of women who aspire to traditional roles , women who want anything for themselves different from what the feminists , the very strident feminists ' doctrine , is directing them towards . Kelly : Forget the feminist label . Many modern women like myself believe in empowering women to make the choices they want to make , and that many women would choose a career and marriage and motherhood , too . Are people without kids happier ? Patton : In my experience , I certainly agree that modern women today do want marriage and motherhood . The problem is they 're afraid to say so because of the vitriol , because of this antagonist feminist doctrine that would have them believe that marriage and motherhood is somehow not cool . ... It 's so retro . It 's so backwards . It 's so 1950s . Kelly : I do n't know if people would say it 's so retro . ... You want to be empowered to have the career choices you want to have as well as be a mother and be in a relationship if you want marriage and family , too . Patton : If you delay starting a family and finding a husband until your mid-30s , a few things happen . One , from the perspective of your fertility , you 're out of luck or maybe you 're out of luck . ... The other component of this , so you 're 35 , who are you going to be looking at to marry ? I 'm going to say most women who are 35 are going to be looking for a man around the same age , or maybe a year or two older . So let 's take the man of 36 . He 's quite happy to actually be with a woman 10 years younger . Kelly : You say women should spend 75 % of their time in college looking for a man versus 25 % on their career . How is that not setting women back professionally in terms of their future careers that you admit are important ? Patton : I do n't think it hurts them at all because you can make up lost time at work . Work a little harder , it 's OK . You can make up that lost time if you are focused on your personal happiness , which I guarantee you will outlast your professional happiness . Your career is going to come to an end eventually . Kelly : Had I married any of my boyfriends in college , I 'd be divorced . Patton : I 've heard this argument before , that in your early 20s , you do n't know who you are going to evolve into by the time you 're 30 . If you wait until you 're 30 to get married , you do n't know who you are going to evolve into by the time that you 're 40 , but I can guarantee you it 'll be somebody very different than you were when you were 30 . ... I think the smartest thing that a young woman or a young man can do is find a life partner who shares your values , who shares your love of learning , who shares your intellectual curiosity , who will applaud you , who will encourage you , and who you can grow with and evolve with through the decades . Kelly : I 'm lucky . I got married at 36 . Patton : Right under the wire . Kelly : You talk about "  Marrying Smart " and spending more time in college to find that right person , but you have to believe it 's also very important for women , at the same time , to be fulfilled and find what they want because their marriage could end ; 50 % of marriages end in divorce . Patton : I 'm saying by all means develop your career , develop your professional self because that 's critically important . ... Women have to know that they are responsible for their own safety . They 're responsible for their own happiness . I am not saying a man is going to make you happy . I 'm not saying that a marriage will make you happy . I hope it does , but do n't expect that . Do n't expect to only be happy because of your marriage . Happiness comes from within clearly , and obviously nobody knows better than a divorced person how happy a marriage can make you  or  not . Kelly : I cracked up when I read what you wrote : "  Be aware of marrying a dumb guy for good sex . The sex wo n't improve , and he 'll never get smarter . " Patton : There are two barnyard analogies that I cite regularly . The first is men will not buy the cow if the milk is free , and that 's the truth . If you give men sex without commitment , you have eliminated the incentive for them to commit . ... An equally important barnyard analogy has to do with just what you 're talking about : the bad guys , the crazy boys , just the men you know you should n't spend time with . I 'm telling women avoid wasting time with the pigs for the sake of a little sausage . Kelly : Ca n't stop laughing . Patton : It 's absolutely true . I understand that women have needs , but not with that . Kelly : You basically say if you require major  cosmetic  bodywork , get it done in high school . That 's pretty outrageous . We want to encourage our girls to love themselves . The last thing we want to do is push them to have plastic surgery . Patton : I would never have plastic surgery , and I would n't recommend it for anybody except if you have a tragic flaw , something that enters the room before you do such that you are hounded by it , such that it so impacts your self-image . Kelly : How do your sons feel about your newfound celebrity and your views ? Patton : There 's not a thing that I 've said that they have n't heard me say for decades . They are delighted that I found another platform by which to share my views with a broader audience , and they are absolutely delighted that I am having so much fun doing it . Kelly : You have to have a pretty thick skin , I think , to put yourself out there with a very controversial position and not feel the blowback . Patton : It does n't bother me at all because I am so completely confident in what I 'm saying . ... There was nothing in this for me other than my absolute conviction that this is a message that our young women need because all they 're hearing is you have to focus on work , work , work . Kelly : Do you feel misunderstood by many women who are criticizing you and who say you are setting women back ? Patton : Well , they clearly have n't read what I 've written . They 've controverted what I 've said for their own purposes , or they 're so caught up in trying to look politically correct that they 've gone in a different direction from where I 'm writing . I 'm not criticizing anybody . I 'm not suggesting that you not pursue a career . I 'm just saying if you know this is what you want , plan for it because it does n't just happen . Kelly : Many people think you are evil . Patton : I 'm not the one that 's evil . I 'm trying to encourage a conversation . I 'm trying to bring to the fore a dialogue that 's been suppressed . It 's the feminists that are looking to continue to suppress the conversation . That 's evil . What do you think of Patton 's argument that women who want to get married should look for a husband in college ? Chime in below in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Susan Patton , aka "  Princeton Mom , " is out with a new book , "  Marry Smart " Patton : Women who want to marry should spend 75 % of time in college looking for a partner Women should also never marry a dumb man even if the sex is great , the 59-year-old says Patton says feminists are trying to "  suppress " the conversation around waiting too long to marry
CNN  -- For the past week-and-a-half , people have been marveling over the discovery of evidence supporting "  inflation , " the theory describing the birth pangs of the Big Bang 13.7 billions years ago . What do these findings mean and how did they come about ? Lots of articles reported the news , but I am going to try to explain it in depth . Stick with me , because this is one of the most exciting astrophysical discoveries in decades . Humans have wondered about the origin of the universe for millennia , and last week 's news brought us a little closer to an answer . What this development means , basically , is that for the first time , we may be seeing what happened in the first billionth of a trillionth of a trillionth of a second of the universe . Assuming this discovery is verified by other similar experiments , it means the very birth of the universe can be studied . These will tell us about the physics of matter and energy well beyond the reach of earthly particle accelerators like the Large Hadron Collider . In a press conference on March 17 , leaders of the Background Imaging of Cosmic Extragalactic Polarization  BICEP2  experiment announced their discovery of evidence of gravitational waves -- predicted by Einstein 's theory of General Relativity -- that were generated by the near-instantaneous expansion of the universe by some 50 factors of 10 , or a factor of 100 million , trillion , trillion . Those waves were predicted by the theory of inflation , developed 30 years ago by Alan Guth , Andrei Linde and others . Inflation is the instantaneous initial expansion , far faster than the speed of light , that "  describes the propulsion mechanism that drove the universe into the period of tremendous expansion that we call the Big Bang , " as Alan Guth put it . Incidentally , the term "  Big Bang " was coined as an insult by a physicist who did n't like the theory . The Big Bang idea itself is simple . Edwin Hubble -- after whom the Hubble Space Telescope is named -- showed more than 80 years ago that our universe is expanding . Objects in space are not hurtling outward : Space itself is becoming bigger over time . That means the distance between two galaxies grows even if neither galaxy is moving through space at all . By extrapolating the Hubble expansion backward , we have long known that the universe was once smaller by many , many factors of 10 . All the mass and energy of the entire universe squeezed into such a tiny volume would have been much hotter and denser . Then , as the universe expanded over time , the energy density went down , so the temperature cooled . This Big Bang idea implied that cool relic radiation should be visible today . Indeed , this Big Bang glow of radiation was discovered in the early 1960s by two Bell Labs engineers , Arno Penzias and Robert Wilson , who were trying to build the world 's best radio antenna . Their instrument recorded a mysterious irreducible low-level noise from every direction . Apparently worried that the surface of the antenna horn had been corrupted by , um , debris from pigeons roosting inside , the engineers repeatedly disassembled and cleaned the antenna , to no avail . Physicists later connected this measurement to the Big Bang prediction of a cosmic microwave background , for which Penzias and Wilson were awarded the Nobel Prize in 1978 . As a colleague at Bell Labs joked , referring to their obsession with pigeon droppings , "  They went looking for dung and came up with gold . For most of us -LSB- scientists -RSB- , it works the other way . " The Big Bang idea was well established by the 1980s . But it did not explain important pieces of the story . First , the universe looks pretty homogeneous and isotropic -- that is , galaxies in any one direction look very similar to galaxies in the opposite direction , no matter how distant . The number of galaxies , their masses , their shapes and their stellar content are remarkably similar , to the furthest reaches we can observe . This is surprising because the Big Bang-Hubble expansion implied that very distant regions should never have been in causal contact . How then could they be so similar ? Here is a simple analogy : Imagine a thermos of ice water and a thermos of hot tea . As long as these two liquids are separate , they will have different temperatures . But if the two liquids are combined , the mixed liquid will quickly reach an intermediate temperature . Similarly , two well-separated regions of the universe can be alike only if they were at one time in contact . The theory of inflation explains this quite naturally : If at the beginning the universe inflated at an extraordinarily rapid rate -- much faster than the Hubble-measured expansion today -- then all parts of the universe visible today were once in contact . That means they had the same initial physical conditions  such as temperature and density  , so that similar stars and galaxies eventually formed out of the cosmic soup . Inflation also explains why the universe has a very "  flat " geometry -- something revealed in the 1990s by analysis of the spatial distribution of tiny fluctuations  hot and cold spots  in the cosmic microwave background radiation . In principle , other geometries of space were possible . For example , a two-dimensional surface can be flat like a table ; convex like the surface of a sphere  also called closed  ; or concave like the surface of a saddle  also called open  . For the universe to be flat requires a very precise balance . It has infinitely more ways to be open or closed , with strong curvature , weak curvature , or anything in between . But to be flat -- well , that 's like balancing on a knife edge . Inflation naturally explains this odd fact . Specifically , the idea is that , at the very beginning , the universe must have inflated enough to stretch the fabric of space until no trace of curvature remained . Imagine inflating a beach ball to the size of the Earth : you can easily see the curvature of the beach ball in your hands but once it 's hyper-inflated , any piece of its surface seems very flat , just as the Earth feels flat locally . The enormous inflation in size would effectively erase the initial conditions in the universe . Whatever the initial temperature , for example , inflation would cool the universe to absolute zero . Even if the initial universe were very lumpy , after inflation we can see only a very smooth , local part of the original volume -- and it would seem perfectly flat . After about one hundred millionth of a trillionth of a trillionth of a second , according to theorists , whatever repulsive gravity caused inflation then transformed into a hot , dense soup of particles and energy . At this point , the Big Bang expansion that Hubble discovered took over . How inflation began and how it ended are not yet understood , but this simple idea of inflation neatly explains otherwise odd characteristics -- isotropy and flatness -- of our universe . Still , until now , there had been no direct evidence of inflation . What BICEP2 saw was the imprint of inflation on the cosmic microwave background radiation . Specifically , inflation should have generated a lot of gravitational waves -- that is , it would cause propagating ripples of space itself . Such waves have a characteristic pattern , squeezing space rhythmically in one direction then the perpendicular direction , like two hands pressing a rubber ball top to bottom then side to side . This distortion of space causes a special pattern of polarization in the Cosmic Microwave Background radiation . So what is polarization ? Light is a wave that oscillates back and forth -- polarized light oscillates preferentially in one plane . Because most light is a mix of random directions of polarization , its net polarization is zero . But any scattered light , like sunlight reflected off water , is polarized -- which is why polarized sunglasses cut down substantially on glare . BICEP2 scientists searched for that special pattern of polarization in the cosmic microwave background that would show the evidence of inflation , working for several years analyzing and reanalyzing their data . As they ran through every possible check of the analysis , team members finally began to believe they had detected the first direct signs of inflation . Now other experiment teams are redoubling efforts to find the same signal -- or to find contradictions . The reported BICEP2 signal is unexpectedly strong , so it should be within reach of at least some of these experiments . Physicists around the world know : the BICEP2 discovery is only the beginning of the story . If this result is verified by independent experiments , new , more accurate experiments will be designed to better measure the polarization imprint . This in turn will tell us about how matter and energy behave in conditions much hotter and denser than on Earth or any other place in the cosmos . As Carl Sagan once said , "  Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . " Let the observations begin . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	Meg Urry describes the sequence of discoveries that lead to evidence of "  inflation " Urry : Inflation , far faster than speed of light , happened in the first instant of the universe Urry : Theory began 80 years ago with Edwin Hubble : Telescope named after him Urry : After inflation , the universe went into more "  sedate " pace of Big Bang we see now
Los Angeles  CNN  -- It 's the end of the R.E.M. as we know them and they feel fine , according to a statement from the group posted online Wednesday . "  To our Fans and Friends : As R.E.M. , and as lifelong friends and co-conspirators , we have decided to call it a day as a band , " the message said . "  We walk away with a great sense of gratitude , of finality , and of astonishment at all we have accomplished . To anyone who ever felt touched by our music , our deepest thanks for listening . " Michael Stipe , Peter Buck , Mike Mills and Bill Berry started playing alternative rock together in Athens , Georgia , in 1980 , but their first hit single came with "  The One I Love " in 1987 . "  It 's the End of the World as We Know It  And I Feel Fine  " followed from the same "  Document " album , securing their mainstream radio appeal . Front man Michael Stipe declined to be interviewed by CNN Wednesday about the decision to disband , which comes six months after the release of "  Collapse into Now , " their final album . Stipe , in a CNN interview in June , said the members "  surprised ourselves with this record . We 're all really thrilled with it . " He and his fellow band members did offer comments on their website . "  During our last tour , and while making ` Collapse Into Now ' and putting together this greatest hits retrospective , we started asking ourselves , ` what next ' ? " Stipe said . "  Working through our music and memories from over three decades was a hell of a journey . We realized that these songs seemed to draw a natural line under the last 31 years of our working together . " Michael Mills said it was not an easy decision . "  A wise man once said ` The skill in attending a party is knowing when it 's time to leave , ' Mills said . "  We built something extraordinary together . We did this thing . And now we 're going to walk away from it . " Peter Buck said the band members "  walk away as great friends " "  I know I will be seeing them in the future , just as I know I will be seeing everyone who has followed us and supported us through the years , " Buck said . "  Even if it 's only in the vinyl aisle of your local record store , or standing at the back of the club : watching a group of 19 year olds trying to change the world . "	NEW : Three decades of work "  was a hell of a journey . " Michael Stipe says on website NEW : Band members "  walk away as great friends , " says Peter Buck NEW : "  We built something extraordinary together , " Mike Mills says Group formed in Athens , Georgia , in 1980 ; first hit single was in 1987
LONDON , England  CNN  -- "  Doing it nature 's way has the potential to change the way we grow food , make materials , harness energy , heal ourselves , store information , and conduct business . " Janine Benyus When self-confessed "  nature nerd " Janine Benyus coined the term "  biomimicry " in a book she published a decade ago , little did she know it would make her into an household name , rubbing shoulders with Hollywood stars . Janine is a champion of the biomimicry movement and helps companies to improve designs by turning to Nature . The natural sciences writer now gives talks on the subject to riveted crowds and is a consultant to some of world 's biggest companies . In her capacity as "  biologist at the design table , " Janine helps companies like Nike and Hewlett Packard to innovate and improve their designs by using what already exists in nature . She also appeared as a consultant in the apocalyptic environmental documentary "  11th Hour , " produced by Leonardo DiCaprio last year . Janine coined the term "  biomimicry " from the Greek "  bios , " meaning "  life , " and "  mimesis , " meaning "  imitate . " "  It was a surprise to me when the phone started ringing after my book came out in 1997 , " she told CNN . "  It was companies and individual inventors , companies that were inventing everyday and they had problems to solve . They said , ` gee the book is fabulous , it 's about all this science that 's happening in early stage research . But we 're doing innovation in real time . Can you come and be a biologist at the design table ? " So far , using nature 's design genius has led to the creation of bat-inspired ultrasonic canes for the blind , synthetic sheets that collect water from mist and fog as desert beetles do , and paint that self-cleans like a lotus leaf . Scientists are also working on making solar cells like leaves and supertough ceramics that resemble the inner shells of abalone , which is twice as durable as the ceramics used in jet engines . Before Janine wrote her book , there was n't even a word to describe the work of a few scattered scientists looking for inspiration through nature in different corners of the world . History is , of course , littered with examples of humans copying nature 's design . One of the most notable was invented by the Swiss engineer George de Mestral . Whilst out walking his dog one day de Mestral became annoyed by the burrs catching and sticking to his clothes and in his dog 's fur . He decided to study them under a microscope . The magnification revealed a network of tiny hooks . The product of his labors was Velcro , which was patented in 1951 . At the core of Janine 's beliefs is that nature has already spent 3.8 billion years on research and development . Its failures are now fossils . She believes its successes contain strategies the human race can copy in its quest for a sustainable future . Janine has cultivated a deep knowledge of the natural world , beginning with direct observation in the Pine Barrens of New Jersey , continuing in habitats from Maine to West Virginia where she worked as a backcountry guide , and now , in her home wilds of Montana . She graduated summa cum laude from Rutgers University , New Jersey , with two degrees in Natural Resource Management and English Literature/Writing . Named by Time magazine as an environmental hero of 2007 , she 's now writing the sequel book , "  Nature 's 100 Best Technologies , " and also consults through her firm The Biomimicry Guild , which came about following the massive demand for her knowledge . "  From interiors , manufacturing everything from apparel to transportation to bath and kitchen and carpets and furniture and sneakers , and even cities , " she told CNN . "  I 'd be talking to groups of mayors and talking to the European parliament , policy makers and they all wanted to know how can we learn from nature how to design a more sustainable world . " "  They want to know if there are blue prints , and of course there are . And they said ` great , bring over your biologists . " One of the companies that Janine has worked with is Interface , Inc , the world 's largest commercial carpet manufacturer . The process is particularly hard on the environment as it uses petrochemicals in every step and consumes vast amounts of energy , and produces tons of waste . But after working with Janine and the Guild , Interface introduced Entropy , a carpet inspired by random pattern formation in nature . It was a greener product that gave customers more flexibility as they could replace individual tiles instead of the whole carpet . Entropy quickly rose to become Interface 's top-selling line of carpet and still represents 40 percent of their carpet tile sales . With results like that , it seems , you ca n't argue with Mother Nature .	Janine Benyus coined the term "  biomimicry " in her influential 1997 book Biomimicry is the concept of looking for inspiration for design through nature She was named by Time magazine as an environmental hero of 2007
CNN  -- Ashlee Tomsche walked into the rec center with trepidation . Images of six-pack abs and neon sports bras from the Zumba infomercials she had watched flashed through her mind . I 'm going to look like a complete fool , she thought . With her head down , she walked into the aerobics room and took a spot in the back . She was 21 and weighed 331 pounds . Zumba is a Latin-inspired dance fitness class that blends booty shaking with international music and an intense calorie burn . Since the company launched in 2001 , Zumba classes have spread to 14 million people in 150 countries , according to Zumba.com . Tomsche 's first class was hard . She had to stop several times to catch her breath . But she came back the next day . And then again the next . A year later , she had dropped 123 pounds , six dress sizes and more than 10 inches from her waist . "  It 's just crazy , " the Arkansas City , Kansas , resident says . "  We 're having too much fun . " Comfort food Tomsche was an overweight child , but it was n't until her best friend committed suicide when she was 16 that she started packing on the pounds . "  It really hit me hard , and I turned to food for comfort , " she remembers . "  It was always there . " She indulged in chips and ice cream , and drank soda by the gallon . She would eat an entire pizza by herself in one sitting . Every time she binged on junk food , she felt sick and swore she 'd never do it again . But overeating had already taken its toll . She did n't go out because she was n't confident in her body . Instead she came home right after work to snack in front of the TV . Once in a while she would hit the gym to walk on the treadmill , but it bored her more than empowering her . "  I knew I needed to lose weight , but I never knew where to start , " she says . "  I would try something for a few months and give up . " Then she found Zumba . Just dance Instructor Maria Venegas remembers when Tomsche first tried her Zumba class . Tomsche wore baggy clothing and seemed unsure in her body . "  She would go and sit down about a third  of the  way into class , " Venegas says . "  But she would get right back up and continue to do what she could . " Venegas teaches seven Zumba classes a week in Arkansas City in addition to working as an office manager and professional photographer . "  I used to think it was my kids that kept me young , " the single mother of two says . "  But it has been my venture to become a Zumba instructor that has  been  the fountain of youth , for myself and many others . " Venegas creates her own routines , incorporating music from popular artists such as Michael Jackson and Ne-Yo into her classes . In a typical hourlong class , participants burn between 300 and 650 calories . "  Every class is always different , " Tomsche says . "  I 'm addicted . " Tomsche loves Zumba so much she did n't even realize at first she was losing weight . But after four months , she had dropped 20 pounds and was getting compliments from her classmates . The attention encouraged her to keep going . "  Now  she  walks in with a big smile ... shoulders back and head up high , " Venegas says . Small town , big inspiration Tomsche tracks her daily calories on the MyFitnessPal app and drinks protein shakes for breakfast . Giving up junk food has been hard , but she splurges occasionally on thin-crust pizza or Nutella on whole wheat waffles . Tomsche does Zumba five to six times a week and tries to stay active the rest of the day . Her hard work has paid off -- she weighs 208 pounds and wears a size 14 pants . "  The simplest things in life have become easier , " Tomsche wrote in a CNN iReport submission . "  I do n't feel like I ca n't breathe when I bend over to tie my shoes . I 'm not out of breath when I walk up and down the halls at work , and even sleeping is easier since I do n't have all that excess weight pressing down on me . " Venegas offered to do a professional photo shoot with Tomsche in January , and they posted the pictures online . Venegas ' Zumba classes quickly filled up . She says Tomsche has inspired their small community . Tomsche is just happy she 's gotten her smile back . "  I never thought coming from a town of 12,000  people  that I would be an inspiration for anyone , " she says . "  It 's just given me so much confidence in myself . " Her advice for others who are struggling to lose weight ? Find a workout that you love . "  It can be done , " she says simply . Have you lost weight ? Share your story on iReport .	Zumba is a Latin-inspired dance fitness class with an intense calorie burn Ashlee Tomsche lost six dress sizes and 10 inches from her waist doing Zumba Tomsche also tracked her calories on a mobile app
CNN  -- Train commuters in major cities worldwide will get a little cheeky Sunday as part of the annual No Pants Subway Ride that ... well ... is exactly what it says . Pranksters will converge at train stations decked out in shirts , shoes and no pants . The only requirement is to act nonchalant -- read , listen to your iPod , chat with your fellow riders -- as you go about your normal business without any pants . After the rides , participants will flood to pre-determined bars for cocktails and chatter . And no . No pants there , either . Dozens of major cities including London , New York , Washington , Mexico City and Tel Aviv , will take part in the rides , according to organizers Improv Everywhere . Improv Everywhere started the No Pants Subway Ride in New York 10 years ago , according to its website . The New York City-based group boasts of causing "  scenes of chaos and joy " usually involving socially awkward or unusual situations . Its goal is to elicit laughs , and it has no political agenda . Other popular pranks have included sending hundreds of participants to a beach wearing black tuxedos and evening gowns , and flooding a Best Buy store with members dressed exactly like the staff .	NEW : The goal is to elicit laughs ; the group has no political agenda Pranksters will converge at train stations donned in shirts , shoes and no pants No Pants Subway Ride started in New York in 2002
eMalahleni , South Africa  CNN  -- A South African coal-mining company is cleaning up its act by building cheap , eco-friendly housing using its industrial waste . For some years AngloAmerican -- one of the world 's largest mining firms -- has been purifying the water contaminated during its coal mining activities in the South African city of eMalahleni . Now , AngloAmerican is mixing the waste by-product -- a mineral known as gypsum -- with cement to make energy-efficient bricks it uses to build houses there . "  We 've built 62 houses so far , " said Peter Gunther , AngloAmerican 's head of sustainable development , and the driving force behind the initiative . "  Each home requires about eight tons of gypsum , but at present we 're removing over 200 tons of it from the water every day . " Gypsum is a basic mineral compound of calcium and sulphur . The non-toxic mineral is soluble in water , but becomes harder and more adhesive the hotter and dryer it gets . Because gypsum is malleable when wet , its most common commercial application to date is as the main ingredient for household plaster . "  Actually , there are 50 different uses for it -- from dental surgery to fireproofing doors , " said Gunther . "  But there is a serious housing shortfall here , and we have so much gypsum , that once we decided we needed to do something with it , making a strong building material was the obvious choice . " And Gunther believes that his new bricks have significant advantages over the heavy cement ones typically used in the area : "  The bricks are generally harder than traditional cement bricks , they 're also better heat and sound insulators , " he said . But , most crucially for one of the fastest growing urban areas in South Africa , the gypsum bricks have a lower environmental impact . "  Because it  gypsum  is such a strong binding agent , we need much less cement to make  the bricks  , " said Gunther . According to figures from the Cement Sustainability Initiative , about 5 % of all the world 's man-made CO2 emissions stem from the chemical and combustion processes involved in cement production . Most types of cement are made by heating limestone , a chemical process known as calcination which releases large amounts of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere . The industrial manufacture of cement also requires large quantities of fuel . Gunther claims that his low-cement bricks save , on average , three tonnes of carbon dioxide for every home built . Read related : ` Living ' buildings could inhale city carbon emissions In the city of eMalahleni -- a name that in Zulu literally means "  place of coal " -- AngloAmerican aims to provide new homes for its entire local workforce , with 400 scheduled to be built in the next year . "  This is my first house ... this is my dream house , and I 'm happy . It 's not small . I feel free with my family , " enthused Maria Mhlongo , whose husband works at one of AngloAmerican 's coal mines in eMalahleni . The Mhlongo family was among the first to move into a gypsum-brick house after the company started building accommodation for its workers in 2010 . But can gypsum -- a product that AngloAmerican had been discarding as waste before last year -- really be such a wonder material ? Andrew Bloodworth is head of minerals at the British Geological Survey . He says that gypsum , "  a relatively common mineral geologically , " is indeed a great heat insulator and can be very strong -- but only as long as it stays dry . "  I 've never heard of it being used to make bricks because it 's water soluble -- that 's why it 's so good as a plaster agent , " said Bloodworth . "  I 'd be interested to know how they 've managed to get around that . " Gunther says that because the bricks are still partially composed of cement , they are fully water resistant . "  The brick mixture has been subjected to the most rigorous trials by the South African Bureau of Standards , and passed without any problems , " he added . Global carbon emissions from coal are second only to oil , according to the UN Environment Program , while other environmental factors such as air-pollution from coal dust and damage caused by mining also remain a serious problem . Gunther acknowledges these issues , but says that coexistence between energy sources is necessary "  for as long as the world is so much set up around running on coal . "  While we 're still using it , the question is : What can we do to make it cleaner and even more useful ? I think our approach goes some way to achieving that goal . "	Mining firm claims to produce sustainable building materials from waste Mineral gypsum extracted from polluted water ; mixed with cement to make bricks Over 60 houses built so far , each one saving estimated three tons of CO2 , says firm
CNN  -- The man who pleaded guilty in the failed Times Square car bombing said before the incident that the strike would be a "  revenge attack , " according to an airing Wednesday on an Arabic-language TV network . Al Arabiya showed what it said was a tape of Pakistani-American Faisal Shahzad , who pleaded guilty in June to the attempt . The authenticity of the tape could not immediately be verified , and the person in the video appeared sometime before the May 1 event . The comments , made in English , were translated into Arabic for the news report . He said the "  revenge attack " will be carried out "  in the name of all the mujahedeen , the fighters and the weak and the oppressed Muslims , " he said , mentioning Baitullah Mehsud and Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , and Muslims and Arabs who have been martyred . "  I will take revenge on their behalf , inshallah , and I really wish that the hearts of the Muslims will be pleased with this attack inshallah . " Mehsud was the leader of the Pakistani Taliban , and al-Zarqawi headed al Qaeda in Iraq . "  Eight years have passed with the war in Afghanistan and you will see that the war of the Muslims has just started , and we will show you how Islam will spread throughout the whole world . " The speaker stressed that "  jihad " is a prominent pillar of Islam , a term often used to mean "  holy war . " "  By jihad , Islam is established , Allah 's word is made superior , " he said . "  By abandoning jihad , may Allah protect us from that , Islam is destroyed and Muslims fall into inferior positions . Their honor is lost , their lands are stolen . Their rule and authority vanish . Jihad is an obligated duty in Islam on every Muslim . " He said Islam will spread across the world . He said democracy will be defeated as communism was . "  All the other -- isms and -- schisms will be defeated and the word of Allah will be supreme , inshallah . And Muslims are gon na do that . "	Arabic-language TV network shows what it says is a tape of Faisal Shahzad Speaker says the Times Square strike would be a "  revenge attack " Jihad is extolled in the tape , which mourns militant martyrs The authenticity of the tape could not immediately be verified
KABUL , Afghanistan  Reuters  -- Former Afghan king , Mohammad Zahir Shah , died on Monday , aged 92 , presidential palace sources said . Zahir Shah ruled Afghanistan from 1933 until he was deposed by his cousin in 1973 . "  He died today in bed , we have no further information , but he had been sick for a month , " a palace official told Reuters . Zahir Shah ruled Afghanistan from 1933 until he was deposed by his cousin in 1973 . He lived in exile in Italy before returning home as an ordinary citizen in 2002 . Zahir Shah came from a long line of ethnic Pashtun rulers and is a distant relative of Afghan President Hamid Karzai . The former king 's reign is remembered as one of the most peaceful periods of Afghanistan 's turbulent history . Born in Kabul on October 15 , 1914 , Zahir Shah received part of his education in France and returned to Kabul for military training . He ascended the throne in 1933 after his father was assassinated by a deranged student . For two decades , the bookish king remained in the shadows , allowing three uncles to run the government . But he gradually gained in confidence and took full control in 1953 , overseeing a cautious modernization of his backward realm . He supported an end to purdah -- the wearing of the veil -- for women , used foreign cash to develop the country 's medieval infrastructure and managed to keep a balance between rival Soviet and Western interests in his country . In 1973 , while holidaying in Italy , Zahir Shah was ousted in a bloodless coup orchestrated by his cousin and brother-in-law , Prince Daoud , ending two centuries of rule by the Durrani dynasty . Daoud was later killed in a coup and after Soviet troops entered the country in 1979 to prop up the communist government , Afghanistan has barely seen peace . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Former Afghan king Mohammad Zahir Shah died on Monday , aged 92 Palace official said Zahir Shah had been sick for a month and died in bed Zahir Shah ruled Afghanistan from 1933 until deposed by his cousin in 1973 In 1973 Zahir Shah was ousted in a bloodless coup by his cousin , Prince Daoud
CNN  -- Richard Chavez , who dedicated more than three decades to the the farm worker movement , died Wednesday of complications from surgery in Bakersfield , California , the United Farm Workers union announced . He was 81 . The younger brother of UFW founder Cesar Chavez , Richard Chavez was the one who designed the black Aztec eagle that became the famous symbol for the organization . The Chavez brothers grew up during the Depression outside of Yuma , Arizona , and when the family lost their farm , they became migrant farm workers in California fields , according to the UFW . By the early 1960s , Richard Chavez began helping his brother create the foundation for the union , and by 1966 was working full-time for the movement , the UFW said on its website Wednesday . "  Throughout his years of service , Richard fought for basic labor rights but also worked to improve the quality of life for countless farm workers , " President Barack Obama said in a statement Thursday . "  Richard understood that the struggle for a more perfect union and a better life for all America 's workers did n't end with any particular victory or defeat , but instead required a commitment to getting up every single day to keep at it . " According to the UFW , Richard Chavez , who was also a carpenter , oversaw construction or helped build important parts of the union 's "  Forty Acres " complex outside of Delano , California . "  Richard retired from the union in 1983 , but always remained very active with the movement , fulfilling public speaking engagements and serving as an active board member of both the Cesar Chavez Foundation and Dolores Huerta Foundation , " the UFW said . Cesar Chavez died in 1993 .	He dedicated more than 30 years to the movement Richard Chavez is the younger brother of Cesar Chavez He died Wednesday from complications from surgery
CNN  -- LeBron James has been named the NBA 's Most Valuable Player for the second year in a row after claiming 116 of a possible 123 first place votes . It gave him a landslide win over the runner-up , Kevin Durant of the Oklahoma City Thunder , who had just four first place votes , with Kobe Bryant of the Los Angeles Lakers in third . The media panel , who decide the prestigious award , had no hesitation in opting for James , whose outstanding play has lifted the Cleveland Cavaliers into the second second round of the playoffs . They beat Boston Celtics in game one of the best-of-seven series with game two on Monday . "  To be MVP is definitely an honor . It 's a humbling experience , " James told the NBA official Web site . "  To receive that while you are trying to win a championship , you have to balance it out . I 've been able to do that so far . " Orlando center Dwight Howard was fourth overall . James , who is determined to finally land the NBA championship with the Cavs after a series of near-misses , has averaged just shy of 30 points per game , with 7.3 rebounds and 8.6 assists this season . It helped Cleveland to a league-best 61 wins in the regular season and left him a near-certainty for the MVP honor . He is only the 10th player to win it twice in consecutive seasons , joining greats such as Michael Jordan , Wilt Chamberlain and Magic Johnson . "  I 'm just trying to do my job , " James said . "  Hopefully I can add onto that championship list of names and pass it on to someone when I 'm done . "	LeBron James named NBA Most Valuable Player for second year in a row Cleveland Cavs star gains 116 out of a possible 123 first place votes James is determined to bring the NBA Championship to Cleveland
CNN  -- We hate to break it to you , but if you are planning on seeing "  50 Shades of Grey " so you can see a lot more of star Jamie Dornan , do n't hold your breath . "  There were contracts in place that said that viewers would n't be seeing my , um ... " the actor told The Guardian . Darn . The film , based on the bestselling novel , is n't out until February , but that has n't stopped fans from fantasizing . Dornan plays Christian Grey , a billionaire who becomes involved in a steamy relationship with student Anastasia Steele , played by Dakota Johnson . The pair explore bondage/discipline , dominance/submission and sadism/masochism . Dornan described himself as a feminist to the publication and said he 's not worried about backlash over those who may say the film glorifies violence against women . "  I think it 's very hard to argue that when it is all consensual , " he said . "  Half the book is about making contracts . Permission and agreement that this be done . There 's no rape , no forced sexual situations . " And as turned on as the audience might get , the actor said he found the sex scenes decidedly unsexy . "  Anyone who thinks actors get turned on doing sex scenes in films is mistaken , " said Dornan , who is married , adding that his wife knows it was all for the job . "  There are dozens of hairy men standing around , moving cables and lighting equipment . That 's not sexy unless you 're into being watched , which I 'm not . "	Jamie Dornan says his contracts do n't allow full-frontal nudity The actor plays Christian Grey in the much-anticipated film Filming the sex scenes were n't sexy , he said
"  Thor " star Chris Hemsworth joined Cheryl Boone Isaacs , president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , on Thursday to announce the nominees for the 2014 Academy Awards . The Academy Awards will air live on ABC on March 2 , starting at 7 p.m. ET/4 p.m. PT . For complete coverage on the awards season , click here . CNN Oscar ballot : Make your choices , share your picks Best picture "  12 Years a Slave " "  The Wolf of Wall Street " "  Captain Phillips " "  Her " "  American Hustle " "  Gravity " "  Dallas Buyers Club " "  Nebraska " "  Philomena " Best directorSteve McQueen -- "  12 Years a Slave "  David O. Russell -- "  American Hustle "  Alfonso Cuaron -- "  Gravity "  Alexander Payne -- "  Nebraska "  Martin Scorsese -- "  The Wolf of Wall Street " Best actorBruce Dern -- "  Nebraska "  Chiwetel Ejiofor -- "  12 Years a Slave "  Matthew McConaughey -- "  Dallas Buyers Club "  Leonardo DiCaprio -- "  The Wolf of Wall Street "  Christian Bale -- "  American Hustle " Best actressAmy Adams -- "  American Hustle "  Cate Blanchett -- "  Blue Jasmine "  Judi Dench -- "  Philomena "  Sandra Bullock -- "  Gravity "  Meryl Streep -- "  August : Osage County " Best supporting actorBarkhad Abdi -- "  Captain Phillips "  Bradley Cooper -- "  American Hustle "  Jonah Hill -- "  The Wolf of Wall Street "  Jared Leto -- "  Dallas Buyers Club "  Michael Fassbender -- "  12 Years a Slave " Best supporting actressJennifer Lawrence -- "  American Hustle "  Lupita Nyong ' o -- "  12 Years a Slave "  June Squibb -- "  Nebraska "  Julia Roberts -- "  August : Osage County "  Sally Hawkins -- "  Blue Jasmine " Best original screenplay "  American Hustle " -- David O. Russell and Eric Warren Singer "  Blue Jasmine " -- Woody Allen "  Her " -- Spike Jonze "  Nebraska " -- Bob Nelson "  Dallas Buyers Club " -- Craig Borten and Melisa Wallack Best adapted screenplay "  12 Years a Slave " -- John Ridley "  Before Midnight " -- Julie Delpy , Ethan Hawke and Richard Linklater "  The Wolf of Wall Street " -- Terence Winter "  Captain Phillips " -- Billy Ray "  Philomena " -- Steve Coogan and Jeff Pope Best animated feature "  The Wind Rises " "  Frozen " "  Despicable Me 2 " "  Ernest & Celestine " "  The Croods " Best foreign feature "  The Hunt "  Denmark  "  The Broken Circle Breakdown "  Belgium  "  The Great Beauty "  Italy  "  Omar "  Palestinian territories  "  The Missing Picture "  Cambodia Best music  original song  "  Frozen " : "  Let it Go " -- Robert Lopez and Kristen Anderson-Lopez "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom " : "  Ordinary Love " -- U2 , Paul Hewson "  Her " : "  The Moon Song " -- Karen O , Spike Jonze "  Despicable Me 2 " : "  Happy " -- Pharrell Williams "  Alone Yet Not Alone " : "  Alone Yet Not Alone " -- Bruce Broughton , Dennis Spiegel Best music  original score  "  Gravity " -- Steven Price "  Philomena " -- Alexandre Desplat "  The Book Thief " -- John Williams "  Saving Mr. Banks " -- Thomas Newman "  Her " -- William Butler and Owen Pallett Best cinematography "  Gravity " -- Emmanuel Lubezki "  Inside Llewyn Davis " -- Bruno Delbonnel "  Nebraska " -- Phedon Papamichael "  Prisoners " -- Roger Deakins "  The Grandmaster " -- Phillippe Le Sourd Best costume design "  The Great Gatsby " -- Catherine Martin "  12 Years a Slave " -- Patricia Norris "  The Grandmaster " -- William Chang Suk Ping "  American Hustle " -- Michael Wilkinson "  The Invisible Woman " -- Michael O'Connor Best documentary feature "  The Act of Killing " "  20 Feet From Stardom " "  The Square " "  Cutie and the Boxer " "  Dirty Wars " Best film editing "  Gravity " -- Alfonso Cuaron , Mark Sanger "  12 Years a Slave " -- Joe Walker "  Captain Phillips " -- Christopher Rouse "  American Hustle " -- Jay Cassidy , Crispin Struthers and Alan Baumgarten "  Dallas Buyers Club " -- John Mac McMurphy and Martin Pensa Best makeup and hairstyling "  The Lone Ranger " -- Joel Harlow and Gloria Pasqua-Casny "  Jackass Presents : Bad Grandpa " -- Stephen Prouty "  Dallas Buyers Club " -- Adruitha Lee and Robin Mathews Best production design "  12 Years a Slave " -- Adam Stockhausen and Alice Baker "  The Great Gatsby " -- Catherine Martin and Beverley Dunn "  American Hustle " -- Judy Becker and Heather Loeffler "  Gravity " -- Andy Nicholson , Rosie Goodwin and Joanne Woollard "  Her " -- K.K. Barrett and Gene Serdena Best visual effects "  Gravity " "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug " "  Star Trek Into Darkness " "  Iron Man 3 " "  The Lone Ranger " Best sound mixing "  Gravity " "  Captain Phillips " "  Lone Survivor " "  Inside Llewyn Davis " "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug " Best sound editing "  Gravity " "  All Is Lost " "  Captain Phillips " "  Lone Survivor " "  The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug " Best short film , live action "  Aquel No Era Yo  That Was n't Me  " "  Avant Que De Tout Perdre  Just Before Losing Everything  " "  Helium " "  Pitaako Mun Kaikki Hoitaa ?  Do I Have to Take Care of Everything ?  " "  The Voorman Problem " Best short film , animated "  Feral " "  Get a Horse ! " "  Mr. Hublot " "  Possessions " "  Room on the Broom " Best documentary short "  CaveDigger " "  Facing Fear " "  Karama Has No Walls " "  The Lady in Number 6 : Music Saved My Life " "  Prison Terminal : The Last Days of Private Jack Hall " Awards tracker : Which movies are winning top honors ?	The Oscar race officially kicks off with the Academy Awards nominations "  American Hustle " and "  Gravity " top all films , with 10 nominations each
The U.S. government has obtained a top secret court order that requires Verizon to turn over the telephone records of millions of Americans to the National Security Agency on an "  ongoing daily basis , " the UK-based Guardian newspaper reported Wednesday . The four-page order , which The Guardian published on its website , requires the communications giant to turn over "  originating and terminating " telephone numbers as well as the location , time and duration of the calls . The order , published on the newspaper 's website , does not require the contents of conversations to be turned over . CNN has so far been unable to independently verify the authenticity of the document . If genuine , the order gives the NSA blanket access to the records of millions of Verizon customers ' domestic and foreign phone calls made between April 25 , when the order was signed , and July 19 , when it expires . Verizon spokesman Edward McFadden declined to comment on the report . According to the document published by The Guardian , Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  FISA  Court Judge Roger Vinson signed a "  Secondary Order " granting an FBI request for access to the records . The FBI did not respond to a CNN request for comment . The NSA told CNN said it will respond "  as soon as we can . " The order does not say why the request was made , but it bans the government and Verizon from making the contents public . "  As far as we know , this order from the FISA court is the broadest surveillance order to ever have been issued : it requires no level of suspicion and applies to all Verizon subscribers anywhere in the U.S. , " the Center for Constitutional Rights said in a statement released shortly after the story broke . "  It also contains a gag order prohibiting Verizon from disclosing information about the order to anyone other than their counsel . " Former Vice President Al Gore also criticized the move . "  In the digital era , privacy must be a priority . Is it just me , or is secret blanket surveillance obscenely outrageous ? " he said in a post on Twitter . The order is allowed under the Patriot Act , and it is not the first time such an action has been taken . In 2006 , it was revealed that the NSA was secretly collecting telephone records as part of an effort to root out potential terror plots . Reacting to Wednesday 's disclosure , the American Civil Liberties Union called for an immediate end to the order and a congressional investigation into the move . "  It 's a program in which some untold number of innocent people have been put under the constant surveillance of government agents , " Jameel Jaffer , the ACLU 's deputy legal director , said . "  It is beyond Orwellian , and it provides further evidence of the extent to which basic democratic rights are being surrendered in secret to the demands of unaccountable intelligence agencies . " The news about the Verizon order comes as the Obama administration is under fire following revelations that the Justice Department seized two months of telephone records of a number of Associated Press reporters and editors , saying the requests were part of an investigation into the leak of classified information . Justice officials have n't specified the leak that triggered the probe , but the AP has said it believes the investigation focuses on its account of a foiled plot to bomb a U.S. airliner in May 2012 .	The Guardian newspaper says it has obtained a top secret court order The order gives the NSA blanket access to records of millions of Americans , the newspaper says The order , issued at the request of the FBI , is valid April 25 through July 19 , The Guardian says Al Gore , the ACLU and others are criticizing the order
Mashable  -- Be prepared for another change to your Facebook profile : Timeline could soon be getting a makeover . The social networking giant is testing a new design for profile pages that places all posts in a single column on the left , while activity updates , friends , places , apps and other sections are on the right . SEE ALSO : Facebook Timeline : Zuckerberg 's biggest gamble yet The current format , a two-column layout , includes posts on both sides , forcing users to look back and forth . When Timeline rolled out site-wide last December , many complained that it was confusing . One Facebook page , "  I hate FB Timeline , and want to disable it ASAP , " was started shortly after its launch , and now has nearly 26,000 likes . In its new incarnation , Timeline no longer has the vertical line that divides a profile in half . This change , ironically , makes it look less like a timeline , according to Inside Facebook , which revealed the updated design . Clickable dates that help users navigate through profiles , however , are still listed on the top right . What 's more , modules on the right-hand side are now smaller than posts  they were the same size , before  ; so , Timeline has blank spots that would have previously been filled with posts . Facebook is testing the new format with a "  small percentage of users , " it told Inside Facebook . The company did not immediately respond to Mashable for a request for comment . SEE ALSO : Why I love Facebook Timeline What do you think of these changes to Facebook Timeline ? Tell us in the comments below . See the original article on Mashable.com . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook is testing a new design for Timeline pages that places all posts in a single column The current format , a two-column layout , includes posts on both sides Some users have complained that the current Timeline is confusing
CNN  -- The immediate destruction from the typhoon are visible and palpable . But after the body bags are removed , the deceased mourned and debris cleaned , what happens next ? The toll from typhoons can linger long after and is linked to disproportionate deaths of Filipino baby girls two years after a storm , according to a recent report . In comparison , male infants were not affected to the same extent . The authors posit that female infants in the Philippines suffer "  economic deaths , " resulting from economic hardships to households and impacts on how families allocate resources . These female infant deaths is 15 times greater than typhoon exposure deaths . "  A lot of times when you think about climate change or disasters , we focus on obvious immediate damage , " said Jesse Antilla-Hughes , assistant professor at University of San Francisco . "  When you look at the enduring legacy of the events , the lag damage is diffused , long-lasting , but serious -- it takes a long time to show up . " Long before Typhoon Haiyan , the authors , Antilla-Hughes and Solomon Hsiang , conducted research on the cost of climate change . They chose the Philippines because of the frequency of typhoons . The working paper was completed earlier this year , and is now in peer review for an economic journal . It does not examine Typhoon Haiyan , which hit the Philippines on November 8 and killed more than 4,000 people . The authors had collected economic and health data from the Philippines government spanning from 1979 to 2008 on how households were affected by typhoons . The annual average typhoon exposure deaths was 740 and their analysis found about 11,261 "  economic deaths " of female infants in the year after the storms . "  We saw the big spike in mortality in female infants , " said Hsiang , assistant professor of public policy at University of California Berkeley . "  What was confusing was the mortality emerged a long time after the storm . " Roughly half of the dying female infants were n't even conceived before the typhoon , so they were not even exposed in the womb . The authors found that families reduced health-related expenditures such as nutritious foods and medical visits after a typhoon . Being struck by a colossal storm can upend a household 's finances . For example , a family could lose its roof , toilet and walls , the authors said . And the local economy may be devastated as it 's hard for adults to recoup jobs , find income and rebuild homes . "  The storm is having an impact in the first year of life , " Hsiang said . "  It 's the fact the storm destroyed the family livelihood , they have to rebuild and get their economic foothold back . In that process , they have to cut back in what they spent . " Filipino households reduced spending by 7.1 % , and the average income per household dropped by 6.6 % a year after a typhoon . "  We see every sector deteriorate after the storm , " Hsiang said . "  People working in agriculture and services , people working in construction suffer income loss . It 's hard for families to get back on their feet after they 've lost their ability to make more money to rebuild their lives . " Their research suggested that baby girls may inadvertently be bearing the brunt of the economic devastation as families cut back . "  We think what happens is they cut corners , try to use money to rebuild , but that 's cutting back and damaging people 's health particularly the most vulnerable -- most likely the infant , " Hsiang said . But boys were not affected like girls . "  The big thing is we do n't think it 's active , malicious poor treatment of the girls , " said Antilla-Hughes . "  We suspect it 's something more diffuse , something subtle about family 's resources in sons versus daughters . " Worse health outcomes for female children in times of economic hardships are common patterns , generally thought to occur as parents allocate less resources to girls in their household in countries like China , India and Bangladesh . But what perplexed the authors is that the Philippines is considered an egalitarian society in terms of gender . It ranked as the top performer in Asia Pacific in terms of gender equality , coming in as fifth overall in this year 's World Economic Forum 's report . The authors found that mortality among first-born females were moderate , but their risks doubled when the girls had older sisters , and doubled again if they had older brothers . "  We interpret these findings as strong evidence that female infant mortality is driven by resource scarcity within households and not by physical exposure to typhoons themselves , " the authors wrote . With Typhoon Haiyan , it 's difficult to determine whether the female infant mortality could be much worse the storm exposure deaths , as researchers found in previous years . "  It 's almost certainly the case there 's a risk of high death toll of female infants in the Philippines that 's easy to miss if you 're not looking for it , " Antilla-Hughes said . The authors say relief workers and government officials should pay attention to the impact on infant mortality especially in the next few years in the typhoon-devastated areas .	Economic research : Researchers find spike in mortality in Filipino female infants after typhoons Research looked at typhoons in Philippines and impact on household economics and health Report does not include Typhoon Haiyan , but authors say attention needed in infant mortality years after typhoon
CNN  -- Could it get any worse for Boeing ? Its entire fleet of 787 Dreamliners - the most technologically advanced airliner in the world - has been grounded over the risk of a battery catching fire in flight . That followed a series of incidents in the last few weeks affecting high-profile early customers of its ground-breaking widebody - Japanese airlines ANA and JAL , United Airlines and Qatar Airways . After just over a year in service , and with a backlog of around 800 orders , the Dreamliner programme -- already delayed almost three years before it began flying passengers in late 2011 -- is again in stasis . Carriers forced to withdraw their Dreamliners from service will demand recompense , while others due to take delivery in the next few months will be frantically making alternative plans . Q&A : Dreamliner woes explained With Boeing vowing to throw all its engineering resources at solving the problem over the next few weeks , it will mean other important projects being sidelined . And while a production line geared to turning out dozens of airliners a year can not be simply be switched off , executives will be wondering whether it makes sense to continue producing aircraft that are currently grounded around the world . Yet , believe it or not , Boeing bosses may be breathing a sigh of relief that things have turned out as well as they have . The U.S. company 's share price has held up , and while the unprecedented grounding of its entire fleet of 50 Dreamliners -- the first time an in-service type has been taken out of action since the late 1970s -- is damaging to Boeing 's image and finances , it may not be catastrophic . Much depends on what the investigators find . The best scenario for Boeing is that the problem -- centered on two powerful lithium-ion polymer batteries -- is isolated . If regulators are convinced that a fix of the way the batteries are built or installed is sufficient -- and that measures are in place to minimize any risks from an overheated battery -- the 787 could be back in service within weeks . The battery that grounded Boeing A much worse case is that the malaise spreads to the entire electrical architecture of the Dreamliner , forcing a back-to-the-drawing-board rethink of Boeing 's design philosophy . This might take the aircraft out of service for a year or more , and would bring the airframer close to financial meltdown as it battled with a crisis much worse than the delay it experienced getting the 787 to certification . This , however , is extremely unlikely . While Boeing took a gamble in creating an aircraft so dependent on electrical systems and composite aerostructures , it has already gone through the lengthy and painful process of convincing regulators the Dreamliner is safe . That the authorities signed off on an aircraft with such a fundamental design flaw is close to inconceivable . As for the other incidents that have beset the type over the past few months -- a fan shaft failure on an engine , an oil leak , a windshield crack -- all can safely be put down to teething problems . Most new aircraft experience issues of this sort , an inevitable consequence of a test program becoming a production aircraft and the sheer complexity of modern airliner design . 7 elements that make the Dreamliner special The A380 , the superjumbo from Boeing 's arch-rival Airbus , has had its own travails , both pre-certification , when the whole wiring infrastructure was called into question , and after service-entry when cracks were discovered in wing ribs . It would be astonishing if the 787 's closest competitor , the Airbus A350 XWB , due to go into service next year , does not suffer its own bedding-in challenges . And , indeed , while you might imagine that executives in the French city of Toulouse , where Airbus is based , are relishing their opponent 's travails , that is almost certainly not the case . In an industry rightly obsessed with safety , it is in nobody 's interest to imply -- even subtly -- that another 's product comes with any risk to passengers . Speed , economy , style , range , capacity : all may be product differentiators . But never , never safety . Besides , Airbus too has staked its reputation on lithium-ion technology . The A350 , like the 787 , will use these advanced batteries to power systems such as its auxilliary power unit . As so often in this duopolistic industry , one manufacturer 's technological step-change is followed by its rival . Airbus remains convinced that its lithium-ion battery architecture will deliver operational economies . The grounding of the 787 fleet illustrates not the flaws in Boeing 's industrial culture -- a rush to bring the airliner to market , a degree of over-innovation or a desire to please shareholders by outsourcing too much design and production -- but the rigor of a regulatory regime with a zero tolerance of any mote of imperfection . And , for anyone who flies , that is good to know . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Murdo Morrison .	Boeing 's entire fleet of 787 Dreamliners has been grounded over a battery fire risk Grounding stalls the Dreamliner programme , which has a backlog of about 800 orders Murdo Morrison says the grounding demonstrates the rigor of aviation regulation Best case scenario is that the battery problem is isolated , Morrison says
CNN  -- Virginia Tech plans to consider all its options after it reviews a jury verdict that found it was negligent in a 2007 shooting rampage that left 33 people dead , including the gunman , a university spokesman said . The move follows Wednesday 's verdict by a seven-member jury in Christiansburg , Virginia , that awarded $ 4 million each to two victims ' families who sued the state for wrongful death in the shooting massacre . "  We are disappointed with today 's decision and stand by our long-held position that the administration and law enforcement at Virginia Tech did their absolute best with the information available on April 16 , 2007 , " Mark Owczarski , a university spokesman , said in a statement . "  We will discuss this matter with the attorney general , carefully review the case and explore all of the options available . " The jury found Virginia Tech failed to notify students early enough following the discovery of two shooting victims at West Ambler Johnston dormitory . The two students were the first victims of Seung-Hui Cho , who went on to kill 30 more people at Norris Hall -- home to the Engineering Science and Mechanics Department -- after chaining the doors closed . He also wounded 17 people before killing himself . The families of Erin Peterson and Julia Pryde , who were killed in Norris Hall , argued that had officials notified students , faculty and staff earlier of the shooting at the dormitory , lives might have been spared . Peterson died while in her French class ; Pryde was shot while attending an advanced hydrology class . The Peterson and Pryde families did not accept a portion of an $ 11 million settlement between the state and the families of victims , opting instead to sue for wrongful death . "  It certainly was the end of a long process for us where we just said we wanted to get a little bit more truth . A little bit of accountability and we were n't just going to go away , and so we came here and this is what happened , " Harry Pryde , Julia 's father , told CNN affiliate WDBJ of Roanoke , Virginia . While the jury awards the families $ 4 million each , an attorney for the state has asked the judge to reduce the verdict to $ 100,000 per claim . State law limits awards to $ 100,000 , though the judge approved a request by an attorney for the family to file a motion on the matter . The university does not believe the evidence presented during the trial showed there was an increased danger on campus , Owczarski , the university spokesman , said . Virginia Tech President Charles W. Steger , in a letter to the school 's faculty , staff and students , said the killings "  were an unprecedented act of violence that no one could have foreseen . " The evidence presented during the trial "  established that it was the unanimous decision of three law enforcement agencies that the mass shooting was simply not foreseeable . Only with hindsight can one conclude that Cho 's unprecedented acts were foreseeable , " Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II , a spokesman for the state attorney general , said in a statement following the verdict . Authorities initially believed the shooting at the dormitory was a case of domestic violence , a jealous boyfriend who shot the couple . While police were questioning a possible suspect , Cho opened fire at Norris Hall . The Department of Education found , in a 2010 report , that Virginia Tech did not notify students in a "  timely manner " -- as dictated by what is known as the Clery Act -- after the shooting at the dormitory . The government also fined Virginia Tech for failing to follow internal school policies . According to the Department of Education report , police went to the dormitory at 7:24 a.m. after being notified about the shooting of two students . The university notified students , faculty and staff of the shooting in an e-mail at 9:26 a.m. , the report said . It was about 15 minutes after the e-mail was sent that Cho began his rampage , it said . Since the massacre , the school has beefed up its communications , using methods that include e-mail notices ; telephone , cellular phone and text messages ; classroom electronic message signs ; posters ; university website notices ; campus loudspeakers and desktop alerts . In addition , the safety phones in the campus and local community are connected to the campus 911 emergency operator and residential buildings are accessible only through a key card . Door alarms sound , alerting police , if an exterior door is propped open in a residence hall . CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	A jury has found Virginia Tech was negligent in the April 2007 shooting rampage Seung-Hui Cho fatally shot 32 people before killing himself The families of two victims sued for wrongful death The jury awarded the two families $ 4 million each
CNN  -- Does it matter that the new pope comes from Argentina ? It matters greatly , because Argentina shaped the life and the views of Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio , now Pope Francis . Through Francis , Argentina will help shape the church . More than any country in Latin American , Argentina is a nation of immigrants , with an unlikely mix of inhabitants -- including one of the world 's largest Jewish communities . It is nation that has undergone enormous political upheaval , where the human rights abuses of a cruel military dictatorship remain an open wound . It is country of great natural wealth and a proud culture on impressive display , but one in which poverty and inequality remain urgent problems . The College of Cardinals elected the first pope from the Americas in its history and the first non-European in more than a thousand years . But the choice is important for more than symbolic reasons . The times in which we live test us and mold us . They are our crucible . In Argentina , Bergoglio was tested and we can see some of the ways in which he was molded . By examining his career in Buenos Aires we can gain some insight into his coming papacy . As archbishop of Buenos Aires , Bergoglio had an extraordinarily close relationship with the city 's Jewish community . He worked together with them on anti-poverty programs and co-authored a book with a rabbi . As part of that relationship he was willing to address the Catholic Church 's controversial role during the Holocaust , supporting the need to open the Vatican files to find out the truth . This suggests he might be open to lifting some of the secrecy that has shrouded the Vatican in other controversies , perhaps even including the recent child sexual abuse scandals . Opinion : Pope Francis , open up the church He showed a commitment to interfaith relations , respect for other religions , and a determination to fight for justice . He attended Rosh Hashana services , lit Hanukkah candles , and pushed the Argentinean government to persevere with a stalled investigation of a 1994 attack against a Jewish community center , the worst terrorist attack in Argentina 's history . He showed his commitment to finding the truth was not a matter of offering a sound-bite , but of pursuing justice ; again , a possible hint of things to come . His selection was widely celebrated in Argentina . Like every other Argentinean , this pope will be a devout soccer fan . The soccer superstar Diego Maradona proclaimed , "  The god of soccer is Argentinean , and now the pope is , too . It makes our country joyful . " But not everyone in Argentina is celebrating . Some human rights activists say Bergoglio 's behavior during the dictatorship that consumed Argentina from 1976-1983 was shameful . During the years of military rule , the regime abducted and killed up to 30,000 people . During most of that time , Bergoglio was head of the Jesuit order . The Catholic Church generally supported the dictatorship . In the book "  The Silence , " by investigative reporter Horacio Verbitsky , Bergoglio is accused of deliberately failing to protect two Jesuit priests who were captured and imprisoned by the government . In a separate case from that era , Bergoglio has been called to testify about the kidnapping of a baby , part of a regime practice of stealing the children of imprisoned activists and handing them for adoption by prominent families . Elena de la Cuadra says she and her husband were kidnapped and their baby stolen . They claim Bergoglio failed to intercede when he was asked , and accuse him of having knowledge of the practice and not speaking out . Navarrette : Pope pick a signal to Latino Catholics Bergoglio denies the accusations , and his supporters , including Argentinean Nobel Peace Prize winner Adolfo Perez Esquivel say they are not true . More recently , Bergoglio has not shied away from challenging the government . He vehemently rejected support for same-sex marriage , calling gay rights legislation "  a machination of the Father of Lies . " And he forcefully criticized the government for what he viewed as a failure to tackle poverty and inequality . Much has been written about his disdain for earthly comforts -- he prefers the bus to a chauffeur-driven limousine and cooked his own meals until now -- but his activism on behalf of the poor has been just as much a hallmark of his life . While he rejects "  Liberation Theology , " a radical social and political ideology , he supports an aggressive policy to promote equality . And in what will be a papacy guided by conservative moral standards on most issues , his past suggests that the fight against poverty will take a primary role . He has declared that "  human rights are not violated just by terrorism , repression and assassination , but also by unjust economic structures that produce great inequality . " Living in Argentina during the years of dictatorship and during times of economic upheaval that created more poverty put the new pope in a position to make moral choices . Other popes before him faced the challenges of their time . Opinion : Pope Francis - A conservative who sides with the poor His immediate predecessor , Pope Benedict XVI , came of age in Nazi Germany and , like other people of his generation , was a member of the Hitler Youth and served in the German military . He tried to explain those circumstances to critics during his papacy . Before him , Pope John Paul II grew up under communist rule in Poland , a fact that played a key role in his papacy when he helped inspire the fall of the Iron Curtain in Eastern Europe . Pope Francis grew up in a different place , with a different history . He lived in a country with a large Catholic majority , but one where most people are not particularly devout . He will try to make Catholicism relevant , particularly to the poor , and he has shown he is not likely to promote a theology that seeks to demonize or distance itself from those who practice other religions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Argentina has unique makeup , circumstances that were crucible for new pope She says Francis had close , good relationship with country 's large Jewish community She says he 's been accused of abetting dictator there in '70s , '80s ; He denies this Ghitis : He 's conservative , has shown interest in inequality , sees poverty as rights issue
CNN  -- Rescuers pulled 130 people from the waters between Australia and Indonesia on Wednesday after a ship capsized , the Australian authorities said . Merchant and naval vessels , as well as a patrol aircraft , carried out the rescue effort about 107 nautical miles north of Australia 's Christmas Island , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said . By Wednesday night , 130 people had been rescued from about 134 believed to have been on board the ship when it turned over , the authority said in a statement . One body has been recovered , and three people are thought to have gone down with the ship , the statement said . The rescue effort has now been called off as no more survivors or deceased people have been spotted , the maritime authority said . The Australian authorities had initially estimated that about 150 people were on board the vessel . Ship capsizes off Australia Jo Meehan , a spokeswoman for the maritime authority , declined to comment on the nationality of the people on board the ship and the purpose of their voyage . "  We do n't have details on origin or intended destination of the vessel , " she said . The ship is the second to capsize in the area in the past week . A vessel carrying an estimated 200 people seeking asylum in Australia turned over last week 110 nautical miles northwest of Christmas Island . Rescuers recovered 110 survivors and six dead bodies from that accident , according to the Australian authority . An accurate number of exactly how many people died "  may never be known , " it said . "  We never know the exact number of people on board as they get on board illegally , " Gagah Prakoso , a spokesman for Indonesia 's Search and Rescue Agency , said last week . Christmas Island is a remote territory northwest of the Australian mainland and close to Indonesia . Several ships carrying people seeking asylum in Australia have run into trouble near Christmas Island in the past two years . 110 people rescued from capsized boat	NEW : Rescuers have saved 130 people from the water NEW : One body has been recovered , and three people are missing The vessel turned over north of Australia 's Christmas Island It is the second vessel to capsize in the area in the past week
CNN  -- R. Sargent Shriver , who was responsible for launching the U.S. Peace Corps after marrying into the Kennedy family and joining John F. Kennedy 's White House , has died , according to his family . Shriver , whose full name was Robert Sargent Shriver Jr. , was 95 . He had suffered for years from Alzheimer 's disease . The family released a statement , saying Shriver died Tuesday "  surrounded by his five children , five children in-law , and his 19 grandchildren . " "  He lived to make the world a more joyful , faithful , and compassionate place , " the family 's statement said . "  He worked on stages both large and small but in the end , he will be best known for his love of others . No one ever came into his presence without feeling his passion and his enthusiasm for them . " President Barack Obama said he was "  deeply saddened " over the death of Shriver , whom he called "  one of the brightest lights of the greatest generation . " "  Of his many enduring contributions , he will perhaps best be remembered as the founding director of the Peace Corps , helping make it possible for generations of Americans to serve as ambassadors of goodwill abroad , " Obama said . "  His loss will be felt in all of the communities around the world that have been touched by Peace Corps volunteers over the past half century and all of the lives that have been made better by his efforts to address inequality and injustice here at home . " After overseeing the Peace Corps launch in the early 1960s , Shriver went on to serve subsequent presidential administrations and kept up his activism throughout his life , becoming a chief architect of President Lyndon B. Johnson 's war on poverty and later heading the Special Olympics , which was founded by his wife , Eunice Kennedy Shriver . Shriver 's entree into the Kennedy family was Joseph P. Kennedy , the family patriarch , who hired him to run a business venture in Chicago . According to the Scribner Encyclopedia of American Lives , the work led to an introduction to Eunice Kennedy , whose siblings included JFK , Robert F. Kennedy and Ted Kennedy . Shriver and Eunice Kennedy married in 1953 . Shriver served as JFK 's Midwest campaign manager for his 1960 presidential bid before heading the Peace Corps ' launch , which was seen as part of a new approach to the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union . "  He told me that everyone in Washington seemed to think that the Peace Corps was going to be the biggest fiasco in history , " Shriver told Time magazine in 1963 of Kennedy 's request that he head the program , "  and it would be much easier to fire a relative than a friend . " In 2011 , the Peace Corps is celebrating its 50th anniversary . More than 200,000 volunteers have served in 139 counties on issues ranging from education to public health to environmental preservation through the program , according to the Peace Corps ' website . The Peace Corps Tuesday mourned the loss "  of our founder , friend and guiding light . " The Special Olympics , in a statement , said Shriver was an "  advocate for the poor and powerless , and he compiled an unparalleled record of public service at every tier , from the local level to the world community . " After John F. Kennedy , his brother-in-law , was assassinated in 1963 , Shriver was tapped by Johnson to launch the White House Office of Economic Opportunity , which comprised a handful of anti-poverty programs . In a series of maneuvers that spoke to Shriver 's penchant for working across the political aisle , he served as Republican President Richard Nixon 's ambassador to France before becoming Democrat George McGovern 's running mate in 1972 , as the two unsuccessfully tried to unseat Nixon . McGovern named Shriver as his running mate after his first choice , Sen. Thomas Eagleton of Missouri , stepped down after revealing he 'd had psychiatric treatment that included electroshock therapy . In the 1980s and 1990s , Shriver served as chairman of the board of Special Olympics International , which Eunice Kennedy Shriver founded in 1968 . The organization sponsors sports training and events around the world for people with intellectual disabilities . Shriver , who was born in Westminster , Maryland , in 1915 and who graduated from Yale , also was long active in the Roman Catholic Church . President Bill Clinton awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1994 . "  We are greatly saddened by the passing of Sargent Shriver . He leaves behind an astonishing legacy of people helped , lives transformed , and communities improved , " the former president and his wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , said in a statement . "  Through his work and his passion , he helped build a better America and a more humane world . And he did it with boundless enthusiasm , infectious joy , and the deepest love for his family , his nation , and his work . " Eunice Kennedy Shriver died in 2009 . The Shrivers had five children including Maria Shriver , the media personality and former first lady of California ; and Timothy P. Shriver , who now heads Special Olympics International . Maria Shriver 's husband , former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , said his father-in-law 's life "  is a blueprint for those of us who aspire to place the needs of others above our own . " CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .	Shriver oversaw launch of the Peace Corps for President Kennedy Shriver married into the Kennedy dynasty , a brother-in-law to JFK He was the Democratic nominee for vice president in 1972 In the 1980s and 1990s , he led the Special Olympics
In a dusty , run-down neighborhood on the outskirts of Lucknow , the capital of one of India 's poorest and most conservative states , Uttar Pradesh , a vigilante group is making a name for itself . But these are no ordinary vigilantes . They 're girls -- mainly teenagers -- who patrol their local streets protecting women and girls from sexual harassment . In their matching black and red black salwar kameez -- the traditional garb worn by women across South Asia -- they target offending males who have over-stepped the mark . The punishment ? Humiliation , sometimes worse . Their motivation is painfully clear . Every single girl in the so-called "  Red Brigade " has been a victim of sexual assault -- some have even been raped by their own family members , they say . In most cases , the crimes have gone unpunished and the victim left to suffer the trauma in silent shame . These girls have been forced to act , they say , because no one else will . OPINION : Rewiring of society 's attitude needed Cultural stigma While sex crimes are not exclusive to India , the number of reported rapes there has increased dramatically , from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 , according to official figures . But campaigners say this is the tip of the iceberg . Most women in India -- a country where a cultural stigma keeps many victims from reporting the crime -- have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets , according to the Indian Council on Global Relations . The issue appeared to reach a tipping point in India in December last year , when a 23-year-old woman was raped and fatally beaten by a group of men while traveling home on a public bus in Delhi . The attack provoked outrage across the world and sparked nationwide demonstrations in India , as protesters called for tougher laws on sex crimes and a change in attitudes towards women . With global attention trained on India following the appalling case in the capital , the authorities acknowledged that action was needed . Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde said India plans to recruit more female police officers -- currently only 7 % of the Indian police force is female , according to government figures . The first fast-track court hearings have also been introduced to try to expedite cases in a justice system bogged down by red tape . It means sessions of the trial , once it begins , should take place nearly every working day until a verdict is reached . Still , new cases continue to shock the nation , such as the 7-year-old girl who was raped in a train bathroom last weekend after she was lured away from her parents . OPINION : Death penalty not the solution Fightback on The fight against sexual discrimination on the streets of Lucknow preceded the international attention on sex crimes in India . The self-defense group was started several years ago by teacher Usha Vishwakarma , who discovered that an 11-year-old girl she taught in the modest school block opposite her family home had been raped by her uncle . Not long after this revelation , Vishwakarma found herself facing the unwanted attention of a colleague , who then tried to attack her . She managed to fight him off , but when she tried to report the incident , the local police were unimpressed . No one seemed to care . "  This really upset me . It really affected me -- I would see any man in the street and would get upset and angry , " Vishwakarma , 26 , told CNN . She said people in her community thought she had gone mad . But still nothing happened to her attacker . Eventually she learned that all of her students had experienced some form of abuse -- from lewd comments and cat-calls , to molestation and rape . Many of the girls said they were afraid to go out alone for fear of being groped or worse . It was then that Vishwakarma decided the girls had to protect themselves amid the deafening silence from within their own community . The "  Red Brigade " was born -- the red in their uniform is to symbolize danger and struggle , while the black represents protest . In groups of four or five , the girls approach males deemed to be harassing a girl and order them to stop . If the perpetrator refuses to heed their warning , they punish him by mocking him publicly -- a significant slight in such a male-dominated society . Vishwakarma admitted they have been forced to resort to violence on more than one occasion -- though she emphasized this does n't go beyond slapping . "  The whole idea is to humiliate them , " she said . "  We are well within our rights -- this is self-defense . The police are not supportive so we have to defend ourselves . " Martial means And defend themselves they can , if their regular martial arts classes are anything to go by . In a dusty gym on the other side of town , the girls -- 15 of them -- are put through their paces on threadbare mats by a local Kung Fu instructor . He drills them in several techniques , from punching and kicking , to breaking the hold of an attacker approaching from behind . A faded picture of martial arts legend Bruce Lee gazes down approvingly , as each of the girls attacks the instructor 's padding with intense focus and conviction . They have plenty to be angry about . Gyan , their instructor , explained that he 's teaching the girls for free . "  I 'm doing it for my own daughter , " he said . "  These girls are brave and what they are doing is humbling . " The session ended with the girls lining up and bowing respectfully at their instructor . They have clearly learned how to channel their anger -- an asset on the unforgiving streets outside . But it 's not just Kung Fu training the girls receive -- the group provides a lot of support on gender issues , sexuality and health . It even helps younger children to attend school . Protest Hours later , the girls were joined by several other supporters for a protest on the side of a busy highway in the center of Lucknow . Led by Vishwakarma , the girls held placards in English and Hindi demanding safety for women and chanted for stricter punishment for sex offenders . The scale of their task is perfectly illustrated by this small band of determined girls fighting against the tidal wave of Lucknow 's late afternoon traffic . Some commuters clinging from buses look quizzically at the small protest , while others ignore the scene completely . Asked whether they are dealing with a deep-rooted cultural problem , Vishwakarma 's 16-year-old sister , Lakshmi , shook her head emphatically . "  This is not a cultural problem -- it 's a social problem because men have a higher social status than girls . " The roadside protest may only have attracted a small number of people , but for Vishwakarma , the Red Brigade is making a difference . "  Those who were voiceless before -- the girls -- now have a voice . Now they speak for themselves and are emboldened , " she said . With two daughters campaigning against a hugely divisive issue in India , Vishwakarma 's mother admitted she had reservations about what they were getting into . "  I was scared initially -- I asked ` why is she was doing this ? ' There was also a lot of pressure from within the neighborhood that she should not be doing what she was . Because she would hold meetings late at night , people would say ` your daughter is not coming back home until late at night , which is not good . ' "  Then someone said to me ` let her to what she wants to do . ' I now feel what they are doing is good and helping to bring a lot of change -- many boys who used to harass girls no longer do so because they are scared . " Asked where she gets her courage from , Vishwakarma replied simply : "  When you suffer , you get that courage . When you are victimized , you get that courage . "	The Red Brigade is a group of young girls fighting against sexual abuse Many sex crimes against women go unreported in India due to cultural stigma Rape of a young girl on a public bus in Delhi in December provoked outrage Many feel women 's issues , including sexual abuse , are not taken seriously
Tehran , Iran  CNN  Traveling to Iran these days , the mood among many people and the government can probably best be described using two words : confident and optimistic . After a preliminary framework for a possible nuclear deal was reached between Iran and world powers , many here believe a final agreement is possible -- and most hope that widespread sanctions relief could be on the horizon . Businesses are already gearing up for a time after the restrictions are lifted , and many people anticipate a huge boost to the economy . "  Naturally we are all very happy , " one woman in central Tehran told us . "  We expect better days economically and culturally . We want better relations with the rest of the world . " Another man added , "  I have a good feeling about it , because my country will be free of the fear of war . " But this weekend , just a few miles down the road , Iran 's leaders were celebrating their war machine as the military held its annual National Army Day parade . As the U.S. , Saudi Arabia and other countries criticize Iran for its alleged involvement in funding and supplying the Houthi rebels who have seized power in much of Yemen , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the Middle East . "  Today , our army is the source of our national stability , " Rouhani said in his speech at the parade . "  And even more than that -- it is also a source of security and stability in the entire region . " The country 's top military brass seemed surprisingly relaxed and unusually willing to speak with Western media outlets . Major General Hassan Firouzabadi , the Chief of Staff of Iran 's armed forces and a man who is close to Rouhani , told CNN he hopes the U.S. and Iran can work closer together to fight ISIS in Iraq . "  The unity of humanity based on the right of all human beings to live , and their right to freedom , dictates that all human society is threatened by ISIS , and all humans should unite against ISIS and work against them , " Firouzabadi said . Firouzabadi also repeated Iran 's longstanding claim that the U.S. is partly responsible for creating ISIS , which now controls large parts of Iraq and Syria . "  If the Americans really did n't create ISIS , and if they want to destroy ISIS , it is possible for them to achieve that , " he said . "  But we have not seen anything so far except intelligence gathering from the U.S. and Britain . We hope that one day , because of their national interests and the will of their nations , the U.S. and the UK will decide to really fight ISIS . " Iran has often dismissed the coalition air campaign as ineffective , while praising its own strategy of training , advising , outfitting and directing Iraqi Shia militias , Kurdish forces and the Iraqi military . But in another apparent softening of rhetoric , a top military official said he hopes that the animosity between Iran and America will fade . "  At the moment , we consider the United States to be a threat to us because its policies and actions are threatening to us , " General Ahmad Reza Pourdastan , the commander of Iran 's ground forces , told CNN . "  We would like the U.S. to change its rhetoric and tone of voice so that our nation could have more trust in the U.S. military leadership , " Pourdastan continued . "  We trust the American people , but the tone of U.S. government and military officials is such that we still consider the U.S. a threat . " At the same time , Iran 's leadership is showing no sign of toning down its own fiery rhetoric -- and the usual "  Death to Israel , death to the U.S.A. " chants echoed around the crowds at the military parade . The U.S. welcomes some of Iran 's support for Iraqi forces in the fight against ISIS , but says at this point that there simply is no basis for deeper cooperation on the battlefield . And for Iran 's part , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has also rejected direct coordination between the two long-time adversaries . And even though many Iranians have high hopes for the interim nuclear deal , the leadership in Washington and Tehran is far more skeptical . In a recent televised speech , Khamenei said it was possible that there would be no deal by the June 30 deadline -- and possibly no deal at all . And Iran 's army brass has rejected the notion that nuclear inspectors would get access to military sites . Meanwhile , the White House has been confronted by a Congress that is largely hostile to the negotiations , and has been making the case that a deal can not be about trust , but about monitoring and verification . "  Our main concern here is making sure that if Iran does n't abide by its agreement , that we do n't have to jump through a whole bunch of hoops in order to reinstate sanctions , " U.S. President Barack Obama said last Friday . "  That 's our main concern . And I think that goal , of having in reserve the possibility of putting back and applying forceful sanctions in the event of a violation , that goal can be met . " So far none of this has seriously threatened to derail nuclear talks set to resume this week . But despite the confidence and optimism that is currently in the air , there is also fear that things could fall apart if Tehran and Washington are n't willing to make tough concessions .	Iran 's military held annual National Army Day parade over the weekend Top military official says he hopes U.S.-Iranian enmity will fade U.S. has welcomed limited Iranian help in fight against ISIS but neither side plans full coordination
New York  CNN  -- He 's at it again . After naming tall sugary drinks Public Enemy No. 1 , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg on Monday unveiled another public health initiative . This one would force city retailers to keep tobacco products out of sight . But does out of sight necessarily mean out of mind ? "  Young people are targets of marketing and the availability of cigarettes , " said the mayor . The legislation "  will help prevent another generation from the ill health and shorter life expectancy that comes with smoking . " Bloomberg explains new push against tobacco It 's just the latest in a string of New York health initiatives blamed by some for eroding personal freedoms and contributing to a so-called nanny-state . Last week a New York judge invalidated the city 's ban on sugary drinks in containers larger than 16 ounces . It was Bloomberg who first championed that ban , calling it part of a cure for New York 's "  obesity epidemic . " Supreme Court Justice Milton Tingling called the drink restrictions "  arbitrary and capricious . " The judges decision is under appeal . N.Y. mayor seeks ban on plastic foam containers Under the Tobacco Product Display Restriction bill , sellers would have to keep tobacco products hidden , in cabinets , under the counter or behind a curtain , except during a purchase by an adult or during restocking . If it passes , New York would become the nation 's first city to enact such a law , Bloomberg said . The mayor said the city is trying to dissuade customers from viewing cigarettes as "  normal . " "  Smoking is going to kill these kids , " he said Monday on CNN 's "  The Lead " in an interview with Chief Washington Correspondent Jake Tapper . "  It 's going to leave them with not the great career prospects that you 'd like , not the education that you 'd like . " Opposition to the measure was not long in coming . "  The notion of forcing licensed , tax-collecting , law-abiding retailers to hide their tobacco inventory is patently absurd , " said Jim Calvin , president of the New York Association of Convenience Stores , which says it represents some 1,600 retail stores . "  This proposal arises from a wild theory that the mere sight of packs of cigarettes on a wall behind the store counter compels kids to start smoking , " Calvin continuted . A spokesman for the parent company of Philip Morris USA , whose cigarette brands include Marlboro , Chesterfield and Virginia Slims , said the manufacturer opposes the measure because "  we believe it goes too far . " "  We supported enactment of federal legislation in 2009 that gave FDA the power to regulate tobacco products , including at retail , " David Sutton , communications and media representative for Altria Group , said in a statement . "  To the extent that this proposed law would ban the display of products to adult tobacco consumers , we believe it goes too far . " New York City Health Commissioner Dr. Thomas A. Farley said smoking rates among New York 's young people have remained flat since 2007 . Bloomberg 's bill , he said , is an important next step in protecting teens from tobacco . New York 's comprehensive smoking prevention program has led to a decrease in the smoking rate in adults , Farley said . Judge stops NYC ban on large sugary drinks , city plans appeal Another piece of legislation , the Sensible Tobacco Enforcement bill , targets illegal cigarette smuggling . The bill would increase penalties for retailers who sell tobacco without a license or fail to pay tobacco taxes . It would also prohibit the sale of discounted tobacco products . Retailers could continue to advertise tobacco products and their price information under the proposed legislation . In 1988 , New York City passed the Smoke Free Air Act , which banned smoking in public restrooms and taxicabs . Lawmakers toughened the law in 2002 , to ban smoking in public indoor areas , including restaurants and bars . In 2011 , Bloomberg signed a bill banning smoking in many other public places , including New York City parks and public beaches .	Tobacco Product Display Restriction bill would make sellers hide tobacco products Health commissioner says youth smoking rates have remained flat since 2007 Sensible Tobacco Enforcement bill , second part of legislation , tackles cigarette smuggling
Billings , Montana  CNN  -- Stacey Dean Rambold , a former high school teacher who served a month-long sentence for raping a 14-year-old girl , was released Thursday from a Montana jail . Rambold 's lenient sentence and the judge 's comments about his victim sparked national outrage and protests . He wo n't be a free man exactly ; he 's on probation for the next 14 years , 11 months . According to court documents , that means he 'll have to agree to conditions like undergoing sex offender treatment , not going to places where children congregate and not having a cell phone with photo , video or Internet capabilities . Prosecutors have appealed the sentence , saying it is illegal , to the Montana Supreme Court . The victim 's mother says she hope Rambold will be behind bars again soon . "  Judge G. Todd Baugh  made a mistake and I 'm disappointed .  31  days , that 's outrageous , but the Montana Supreme Court stepped in . Hopefully they 'll make it right , " said Auliea Hanlon , whose daughter , Cherice Moralez , committed suicide before Rambold went to trial . In the meantime , Hanlon told CNN 's Erin Burnett Thursday night that she wants to avoid the man who raped her daughter . "  I hope I do n't see him . That would be horrible , " she said . "  I did n't see him for the first six years . I did n't see him until the courtroom . " But she said someday , she hopes she will be able to forgive him . "  I could be miserable the rest of my life , " she said , "  but that would n't do my other kids any good . " Rambold declined to answer questions from CNN as he entered and left a probation office in Billings on Thursday . Defense attorney Jay Lansing had no comment on the case , but has said his client contends the sentence imposed is lawful and appropriate . Before suicide , raped Montana teen loved outdoors , poetry Activists file formal judicial complaint On Tuesday , the Montana and Pennsylvania chapters of the National Organization for Women and an activist group called Ultraviolet filed a complaint with a judicial review board , CNN affiliate KULR reported . More than 140,000 people signed accompanying petitions , the groups said . "  If we ca n't get him removed from this , there is something wrong with the system , and I know people in the state will work to not get  Baugh  re-elected  next year  , " said Marian Bradley , president of Montana NOW . The case drew widespread attention when Baugh imposed a one-month sentence on Rambold and made controversial comments about the victim , saying she "  seemed older than her chronological age " and she was "  as much in control of the situation . " Rambold admitted raping the girl in 2008 while she was 14 and he was her teacher at her high school . Moralez took her life shortly before her 17th birthday . The judge later apologized for his comments , and earlier this month tried to revisit his sentence . But the state Supreme Court barred him from a new ruling , saying he did n't have the legal standing to change a sentence . Baugh said he did n't realize at first that the minimum sentence should have been two years . Baugh 's secretary said Wednesday the judge had no comment on Rambold 's release . ` We want the conversation to go nationwide ' There is one good thing about the case , NOW 's Bradley said : It 's brought renewed national attention to the critically important issue of violence against women . "  We want the conversation to go nationwide , so that everyone will say this behavior is not OK in my community ... . . I think everyone believes , ` In my town it ca n't happen , it should n't happen , I need to stop it , ' " she said . "  And you can stop it . You can stop it by going out and spreading the word . " That 's why she sees a glimmer of hope in how much people are talking about the case . "  I think as long as we know that it 's happening we can acknowledge it and we can do something to change it . If we do n't see it and do n't acknowledge it , we ca n't make a change at all , " she said . "  So I think this is important . This is so sad for the mother , this is so sad for the community , this is so sad for our state and our country . But there is hope . " The legal process With Cherice 's death , the prosecution entered into what is known as a "  deferred prosecution agreement " with Rambold . This meant that all charges against Rambold -- who admitted to one of the rape charges -- would be dismissed if he completed a sex-offender treatment program and met other requirements . One of them was to have no contact with children . But the ex-teacher fell short of the agreement and prosecutors asked Baugh last month to sentence him to 20 years . Baugh ruled Rambold 's infractions were n't serious enough . "  He made some violations of his treatment program , " the judge said . "  They were more technical and not the kind you would send someone to prison for . " Hanlon said the pain of her daughter 's death has n't faded . "  I think we just get used to it , so we do n't cry every day , " she said , but the tears still came . Opinion : In Montana , a case study in rape culture CNN 's Jack Hannah and John Branch contributed to this report .	NEW : Victim 's mother hopes she 'll never see him , but wants to forgive him someday Stacey Rambold checks in at a probation office after his release from jail Rambold admitted to raping 14-year-old Cherice Moralez Judge 's ruling is being appealed by prosecutors , who say two years is the minimum sentence
CNN  -- Eight Florida teenagers -- six of them girls -- will be tried as adults and could be sentenced to life in prison for their alleged roles in the videotaped beating of another teen , the state attorney 's office said Thursday . The teenagers seen in a video assaulting a 16-year-old could face life in prison . The suspects , who range in age from 14 to 18 , all face charges of kidnapping , which is a first-degree felony , and battery , said Chip Thullbery , a spokesman for the Polk County state attorney . Three of them are also charged with tampering with a witness . Everyone involved in the case was under a gag order imposed by a judge . The only attorney for the teens who has been publicly identified did not return calls from CNN , and his assistant cited the gag order as the reason . The teens are scheduled for their first appearance in court Friday . The video shows a brutal scene : The 16-year-old victim is punched , kneed and slapped by other girls . She huddles in the fetal position , or stands and screams at her attackers , but the assault continues . Authorities say the eight teens said they were retaliating for insults posted on the Internet by the attack victim . Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd called the March 30 attack "  animalistic . " "  I 've been involved in law enforcement for 35 years , and I 've seen a lot of extremely violent events , but I 've never seen children , 14 to 18 years of age , engage in this conduct for a 30-minute period of time and then make these video clips , " he said . Police say the teens planned to post the video on YouTube . Watch the disturbing video " The victim , a 16-year-old from Lakeland , Florida , was hospitalized , and still has blurred vision , hearing loss , and a swollen face , her mother told CNN on Wednesday . The video shows only girls doing the beating ; Judd said the boys acted as lookouts . The idea of girls administering a vicious beating so they can post the video online may seem shocking , but it 's becoming an increasingly common scenario , according to experts and news reports . Watch why more teens are putting fights online " A search for "  girl fight " on YouTube gets thousands of results , and a suggestion to also try "  girl fight at school , boy girl fight " and other search terms . There 's at least one Web site devoted exclusively to videos of girls fighting . In 2003 , 25 percent of high school girls said they had been in a physical fight in the past year , according to a survey by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .  The figure for boys was 40.5 percent . A Justice Department report released in 2006 showed that by age 17 , 21 percent of girls said they had assaulted someone with the intent to cause serious harm . Frank Green is executive director of Keys to Safer Schools , a group that studies and tries to prevent school violence . He said he 's not sure whether girls have actually become more violent , or whether there 's just more awareness of their fights . "  In one respect , girls have always been more vicious than boys , " Green said . "  Their violence is of a personal nature . " He said boys usually have some focus and a concrete goal when they fight . "  But girls want to cause pain and make the other girl feel bad , " he said . Judd , the Polk County sheriff , said an important part of the plan in the Lakeland attack was to post the video of the beating on YouTube to humiliate and embarrass the victim . "  It 's the next stage of cyberbullying , " psychologist Susan Lipkins said . "  They want to show what they 're doing . " "  Our kids are being peer pressured , in another sense of a trend , to put these shock videos out there at other peoples ' expense , " said Talisa Lindsay , the victim 's mother . "  And I hope that it does n't come to the point where there 's more people 's lives that are being affected by having to take a beating for entertainment , or possibly being killed . " Watch mother describe how the victim is doing " The suspects did n't have a chance to post the video online before police moved in and seized it , Judd said . The Sheriff 's Department made it public , and it wound up on YouTube anyway . Judd recognizes the irony . "  In a perverted sense , we were feeding into exactly what the kids wanted , " he said . "  But according to Florida law , -LSB- the video -RSB- is public record , and it 's going to be in the public domain whether we agree with that or not . " Judd said the suspects showed no remorse when they were arrested and booked . "  They were laughing and joking about , ' I guess we wo n't get to go to the beach during spring break . ' And one ... asked whether she could go to cheerleading practice , " he said . Lipkins , the psychologist , says there 's a "  disconnect between their actions and their thoughts . " "  They think the entire society is doing it , and they think it 's funny . So they put it on YouTube . And I do n't think they expect kids to get really hurt , and they also do n't expect to get really caught . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Eight Florida teens to be tried as adults in videotaped beating case Video shows 16-year-old girl punched by other girls 21 percent of girls age 17 say they 've assaulted someone , the Justice Dept. reports The teens have "  disconnect " between thoughts and actions , psychologist says
The race of Florida teen Trayvon Martin had less to do with his death than the fact that the neighborhood watch volunteer who killed him was carrying a gun , comedian Bill Cosby told CNN in an interview that aired Sunday . Martin , 17 , was shot dead in February while walking back from a convenience store to his father 's Sanford home . The man who admitted shooting him , George Zimmerman , told authorities that he did so in self-defense . Martin 's family contends Zimmerman racially profiled the teen . Zimmerman was detained last week and charged with second-degree murder . Known for his stand-up routines , movies and as the man behind the breakthrough 1980s sit-com "  The Cosby Show , " Cosby regularly weighs in on social and racial issues . "  It does n't make any difference if he 's racist or not racist , " Cosby said on "  State of the Union . " "  If he 's scared to death and not a racist , it 's still a confrontational provoking of something " when a person has a gun on them . Opinion : Is Trayvon Martin 's death the catalyst of a new movement ? Gun violence is personal to Cosby , one of the most successful African-American comedians and entertainers of his generation . His and wife Camille 's only son , Ennis , was shot and killed while changing a tire off a Southern California freeway in 1997 . Michael Markhasev , a Ukrainian-born immigrant , was convicted the next year of killing Ennis Cosby during an attempted robbery . Cosby said that he "  used to have a gun , " which he bought to "  protect my family . " He insists he has nothing against people having firearms in their homes to protect against intruders , but said he believes that being on the streets with a gun changes some people , making them bolder and more dangerous . "  When a person has a gun , sometimes their mind clicks that this thing ... will win arguments and straighten people out , " he said . iReport : Debating the Zimmerman arrest and race in America Cosby did not mention Zimmerman by name during his CNN interview . But he did allude to key facts of the case , like how Zimmerman called 911 to report what he called a "  suspicious " person in his neighborhood . The dispatcher told him police were on their way and not to follow the person , who ended up being Martin . But Zimmerman apparently did pursue him . The pair got into a confrontation and Zimmerman ended up shooting Martin . "  When you tell me that you 're going to protect the neighborhood that I live in , I do n't want you to have a gun , " Cosby said . "  I want you to be able to see something , report it and get out of the way . "	Bill Cosby says Trayvon Martin 's race does n't make any difference It 's more important that George Zimmerman had a gun when he encountered Martin , he says Some believe having a gun "  will win arguments , " which Cosby calls dangerous Martin was killed in February ; Zimmerman is charged in his death
CNN  -- Historically , surveillance was difficult and expensive . Over the decades , as technology advanced , surveillance became easier and easier . Today , we find ourselves in a world of ubiquitous surveillance , where everything is collected , saved , searched , correlated and analyzed . But while technology allowed for an increase in both corporate and government surveillance , the private and public sectors took very different paths to get there . The former always collected information about everyone , but over time , collected more and more of it , while the latter always collected maximal information , but over time , collected it on more and more people . Corporate surveillance has been on a path from minimal to maximal information . Corporations always collected information on everyone they could , but in the past they did n't collect very much of it and only held it as long as necessary . When surveillance information was expensive to collect and store , companies made do with as little as possible . Telephone companies collected long-distance calling information because they needed it for billing purposes . Credit cards collected only the information about their customers ' transactions that they needed for billing . Stores hardly ever collected information about their customers , maybe some personal preferences , or name-and-address for advertising purposes . Even Google , back in the beginning , collected far less information about its users than it does today . As technology improved , corporations were able to collect more . As the cost of data storage became cheaper , they were able to save more data and for a longer time . And as big data analysis tools became more powerful , it became profitable to save more . Today , almost everything is being saved by someone -- probably forever . Examples are everywhere . Internet companies like Google , Facebook , Amazon and Apple collect everything we do online at their sites . Third-party cookies allow those companies , and others , to collect data on us wherever we are on the Internet . Store affinity cards allow merchants to track our purchases . CCTV and aerial surveillance combined with automatic face recognition allow companies to track our movements ; so does your cell phone . The Internet will facilitate even more surveillance , by more corporations for more purposes . On the government side , surveillance has been on a path from individually targeted to broadly collected . When surveillance was manual and expensive , it could only be justified in extreme cases . The warrant process limited police surveillance , and resource restraints and the risk of discovery limited national intelligence surveillance . Specific individuals were targeted for surveillance , and maximal information was collected on them alone . As technology improved , the government was able to implement ever-broadening surveillance . The National Security Agency could surveil groups -- the Soviet government , the Chinese diplomatic corps , etc. -- not just individuals . Eventually , they could spy on entire communications trunks . Now , instead of watching one person , the NSA can monitor "  three hops " away from that person -- an ever widening network of people not directly connected to the person under surveillance . Using sophisticated tools , the NSA can surveil broad swaths of the Internet and phone network . Governments have always used their authority to piggyback on corporate surveillance . Why should they go through the trouble of developing their own surveillance programs when they could just ask corporations for the data ? For example we just learned that the NSA collects e-mail , IM and social networking contact lists for millions of Internet users worldwide . But as corporations started collecting more information on populations , governments started demanding that data . Through National Security Letters , the FBI can surveil huge groups of people without obtaining a warrant . Through secret agreements , the NSA can monitor the entire Internet and telephone networks . This is a huge part of the public-private surveillance partnership . The result of all this is we 're now living in a world where both corporations and governments have us all under pretty much constant surveillance . Data is a byproduct of the information society . Every interaction we have with a computer creates a transaction record , and we interact with computers hundreds of times a day . Even if we do n't use a computer -- buying something in person with cash , say -- the merchant uses a computer , and the data flows into the same system . Everything we do leaves a data shadow , and that shadow is constantly under surveillance . Data is also a byproduct of information society socialization , whether it be e-mail , instant messages or conversations on Facebook . Conversations that used to be ephemeral are now recorded , and we are all leaving digital footprints wherever we go . Moore 's law has made computing cheaper . All of us have made computing ubiquitous . And because computing produces data , and that data equals surveillance , we have created a world of ubiquitous surveillance . Now we need to figure out what to do about it . This is more than reining in the NSA or fining a corporation for the occasional data abuse . We need to decide whether our data is a shared societal resource , a part of us that is inherently ours by right , or a private good to be bought and sold . Writing in The Guardian , Chris Huhn said that "  information is power , and the necessary corollary is that privacy is freedom . " How this interplay between power and freedom play out in the information age is still to be determined . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .	Bruce Schneier : Historically , surveillance was difficult ; now it 's become much easier Schneier : Government and corporate surveillance used to be very different He says today NSA can piggyback on corporate surveillance ; they 're like partners Schneier : We need to decide whether data is a societal resource or a commodity
CNN  This is no ordinary snow storm , weather experts say . The National Weather Service is using terms such as "  life-threatening " and "  historic " to describe the system ready to spread across the Northeast . The storm could dump up to 3 feet of snow in Boston and New York before it ends Tuesday , along with freezing rain and strong wind gusts possibly reaching hurricane level . Blizzard and winter storm warnings are up from New Jersey through Maine and into Canada . Airlines began canceling flights by the hundreds . FlightAware , a travel website , put the total at more than 1,800 early Monday "  We plan to cancel all flights Tuesday at Newark , LaGuardia and JFK , as well as Boston and Philadelphia , " said United Airlines Spokeswoman Mary Ryan . Other airlines were implementing similar measures . Check first if you 're flying into or out of the region . "  I want everyone to understand that we are facing -- most likely -- one of the largest snowstorms in the history of this city , " said New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio . He repeated throughout a Sunday afternoon news conference that people should expect delays , very slow or stalled commutes Monday evening . Whatever people do to be cautious , he said , do more . "  My message to all New Yorkers is prepare for something worse than we have seen before . Prepare to be safe . Take every precaution . Now is the time to get ready for this extreme weather , " he said . "  Do n't underestimate this storm . " The Weather Service says whiteout conditions will make travel extremely dangerous in the entire affected area . Wind gusts in the New York City area could hit 65 mph . The blizzard warning is in effect from 1 p.m. Monday through Tuesday , with the worst conditions expected from late Monday evening through midday Tuesday . In Massachusetts , emergency management officials warned that the winter storm will be potentially "  historic and destructive . " Snow in the southeastern part of Massachusetts could morph into a period of freezing rain . And a major nor'easter is likely to develop on Monday and move up the northeast coast , forecasters said . Travel across Massachusetts during the storm could be impossible and life-threatening , according to the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency . It 's unclear just how much snow might be on the way , but the National Weather Service is saying 1 to 2 feet is possible . The Rhode Island Emergency Management Agency tweeted Sunday that the state would be under a blizzard watch Monday . That area 's storm conditions are n't predicted to let up until Wednesday morning . Christine Carew , a sales associate in Boston , said customers have been coming into the hardware store to grab last-minute snow supplies . Parents and their children have popped in to buy sleds and others are picking up shovels , ice melt and snow brushes . "  This is kind of typical , " she said about Boston getting a lot of snow . "  We 're more prepared for it . We know it 's going to happen . " There 's little chance the store will be closed Monday , no matter how hard it snows . The manager , she said , lives above the store . Eight counties in Massachusetts are already under a winter storm watch : Berkshire , Franklin , Hampshire , Hampden , Worcester , Barnstable , Nantucket and Dukes . A blizzard watch is in effect for Essex , Middlesex , Suffolk , Norfolk , Bristol and Plymouth counties . Barnstable , Nantucket and Dukes counties also face a high wind watch . Derek and Jim Missert have lived in the Boston area for years . On Sunday they prepared to ride out the storm by being as prepared as they usually are , with plenty of food and water on hand . Jim Missert lives outside the city , so he expects to lose power and has a generator . Derek Missert expects that he 'll not lose electricity as he works from home in the city . There could be coastal flooding in the state starting early Tuesday with pockets of major flooding on east-facing coastlines , the state emergency agency said . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo urged New Yorkers to prepare immediately for the storm , saying they should plan for "  major disruptions " during Monday and Tuesday morning commutes . Roads could be closed and power could go out , he said in a news release Sunday , and New Yorkers need to look out for downed power lines and tree limbs . Cuomo directed all state agencies to prepare . New York has at least 1,806 plows and more than 126,000 tons of salt to spray on roads across the region . The National Guard will also have six dozen personnel and 20 vehicles stationed throughout the state starting on Monday morning . The mayor of Danbury , Connecticut , Mark Boughton , recently made the news for creating the popular Twitter hashtag " #Icezilla " when a major storm hit his area . CNN 's Sara Ganim contributed to this report .	Weather Service issues storm warnings from New Jersey to the Canadian border Massachusetts officials say storm could be deadly and warn against travel Around New York City area , 20 to 30 inches snow expected
Entertainment Weekly  -- When Max Records auditioned for the "  Where the Wild Things Are "  out Friday  role of Max , the precocious boy in a dirty white wolf suit who sails to an island full of fearsome horned monsters and becomes their even more fearsome king , he arrived with one advantage -- and it was n't his first name . Max Records plays Max in the film adaptation of the children 's book "  Where the Wild Things Are . " "  I had memorized all the lines , " the now-12-year-old acting novice from Portland , Oregon , told EW earlier this year . "  I was totally obsessed with the book , like from the age of half a year old to , like , 4 . So I was really familiar with it . "  Ah , the perspective of youth . Of course , Maurice Sendak 's 1963 kid-lit masterpiece is a picture book containing just 10 sentences . But Records clearly has a deep feel for the material . "  It 's not moralistic or patronizing . It 's not ` Johnny did something bad and had to apologize . ' It 's about being a kid . It 's just real . " Spike Jonze , the auteur behind "  Adaptation " and "  Being John Malkovich , " told EW he initially balked when offered the project more than a decade ago -- by no less than Sendak himself . "  I felt it was just so perfect in the form in which it already existed , " said Jonze . "  I did n't know what more you 'd add to flesh it into a movie , or even why you would want to add to it . " He 's reluctant to share too many details , but says his live-action adaptation elaborates on the world of the wild things as well as Max 's relationship with his mom  Catherine Keener  and her boyfriend  Mark Ruffalo  . Jonze began shooting in 2006 , but by 2008 the movie was not yet finished and there were reports that Warner Bros. wanted the whole thing reshot . Not true , says Jonze and producer Vincent Landay , though both admit the production was a long , challenging process -- from finding a naturalistic way to depict the fantasy world  "  I wanted everything to feel like it had really happened , not fabricated with CGI , " says Jonze  to filming in the remote wilderness of Australia to getting emotionally resonant performances from Records , the puppet monsters , and the voice cast  including James Gandolfini and Forest Whitaker  . Laughs Jonze , "  We made it really , really hard on ourselves . " Here are more EW Picks for the week of October 11 : Movies "  The Stepfather "  out Friday  . The original 1987 "  Stepfather " -- about a seemingly kind man who marries a vulnerable widow and then reveals himself to be a murderous psychopath -- spawned two sequels , launched the career of future "  Lost " star Terry O'Quinn , and then pretty much disappeared . Now , like a horror-movie baddie you were sure was dead , "  The Stepfather " is back for more . This remake stars "  Gossip Girl 's " Penn Badgley as a teen who returns from military school to find that a suspicious new guy  Dylan Walsh  has moved in with his divorced mom  Sela Ward  . "  Dylan looks so accessible and sincere and warm , " says Ward . "  I guess Ted Bundy did too . " Okay , now we 're creeped out . "  Law Abiding Citizen "  out Friday  . Gerard Butler goes from family man to the meanest vigilante since Charles Bronson matching with Jamie Foxx in this action-thriller from director F. Gary Gray  "  The Italian Job "  . TV "  Hell 's Kitchen " season finale  8 p.m. , Tuesday , Fox  . What "  Hell 's Kitchen " lacks in substance , it makes up for in style , and its slickly edited season finale is a sizzling nail-biter . Kitchen newbies will have no trouble following along as the three remaining chefs -- egotistical Kevin , coolheaded Ariel , and "  one-armed bandit " Dave -- battle for Gordon Ramsay 's foulmouthed approval . "  The Newlywed Game "  6 p.m. , Tuesday , GSN  . George Takei and Brad Altman compete tonight , marking the first time a gay couple has ever been on the game show . "  30 Rock "  9:30 p.m. , Thursday , NBC  . "  30 Rock " is back ? We want to go to there . NBC execs and Jay Leno , however , might not be so eager to visit , as Tina Fey kicks off season 4 with a barbed broadside against network programmers : When Jack  Alec Baldwin  forces Liz  Fey  to add a mainstream-friendly cast member to broaden her show 's audience , Tracy Morgan 's Tracy sweats his appeal to the common man , while Jenna  Jane Krakowski  gives herself a heartland-pandering country makeover . The satire on play-it-safe execs is wickedly droll . Also make sure to stay till the end to see Fey and Baldwin give a bitchy , meta "  welcome " to their lead-out , Leno , whom Fey already jabbed at the Emmys by thanking NBC for keeping "  30 Rock " on even though it 's "  more expensive than a talk show . " Music "  Christmas In the Heart , " Bob Dylan  out Tuesday  . What 's that blowin ' in the winter wind ? Sounds like holiday cheer . Profits go to the hunger-relief charity Feeding America . "  Crazy Love , " Michael Bublé  out Tuesday  . Due , no doubt , to the success of his adult-contemporary smash "  Home , " the neo-Rat Pack crooner makes a few too many soft-rock concessions on his new studio disc . Covering the Eagles , as Bublé does with a hokey version of "  Heartache Tonight , " seems way beneath a singer with his level of style . Still , there 's no denying the sexy-jerk swagger Bublé brings to "  Cry Me a River , " which here sounds like a Bond-movie theme , or to "  Baby  You 've Got What It Takes  , " a funky duet with Brooklyn soul sister Sharon Jones . "  Do What You Want , Be What You Are : The Music of Daryl Hall & John Oates , " Hall & Oates box set  out Tuesday  . Collecting the best of the blue-eyed soul smoothies , and making fans ' dreams come true . EW recently asked Daryl Hall to fill us in on his personal favorites ; for the record : "  She 's Gone , " "  Sara Smile , " "  Every Time You Go Away , " "  You Make My Dreams , " and "  One on One . " DVD "  The Proposal "  out Tuesday  . Yes , it 's a rip-off of 1990 's "  Green Card . " And sure , you can see every plot twist driving down Fifth Avenue . So the fact that "  The Proposal " winds up as breezy and entertaining as it does qualifies as some sort of Hollywood miracle . Sandra Bullock plays an icy book editor about to get deported back to Canada unless she can find an American husband , stat . Ryan Reynolds is her long-suffering assistant , who conveniently happens to be single . Sham nuptials ensue . As the groom 's dirty-bird grandma , Betty White is a hoot -- and frankly , the ho-hum extras  director 's commentary , lame outtakes  could 've used more of her . "  Drag Me to Hell "  out Tuesday  . Welcome back , Sam Raimi ! The Spider-Man director returns to his delirious "  Evil Dead " roots for "  Drag Me to Hell , " a kick-ass ghost story about a bank officer  Alison Lohman  who denies a loan to the wrong gypsy woman . There are curses , maggots and -- thanks to this unrated version -- lots more gore and goo . Extras include a fantastic production diary . Books "  Nine Dragons , " Michael Connelly  out Tuesday  . Michael Connelly writes fast-paced best-sellers that critics praise for their sharp characterizations and fluid storytelling . The appearance of a third Connelly title in a year would be excellent news if "  Nine Dragons , " his latest offering , did n't read like it had been scribbled during a red-eye from Los Angeles to Hong Kong , the two cities where the slapdash action unfolds . "  Chronic City , " Jonathan Lethem  out Tuesday  . Lethem 's latest novel follows the blank , descriptively named former teen actor Chase Insteadman as he floats , increasingly disoriented and adrift , between two New York worlds : one glamorous and social , the other bohemian and intellectual . Thick with paranoia , pot smoke and pop culture references  both real and made-up  , "  Chronic City " is a feverish portrait of the anxiety and isolation of modern Manhattan , full of dark humor and dazzling writing . The book 's zonked philosophizing about the nature of reality wears a little thin , but Lethem 's claustrophobic vision of a world where everything is connected and nothing is as it seems proves both funny and frightening . For pop culture picks for today , click here , plus see what 's new this week in movies , music , TV and more . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Entertainment Weekly 's top pick of the week : "  Where the Wild Things Are " Emmy-winning "  30 Rock " returns Thursday with a poke at network execs Unusual music release : Bob Dylan 's Christmas album
InStyle.com  -- We know it 's serious news . But we 'll admit : The recent arrest of 11 members of a so-called Russian espionage ring -- coupled with coverage of their assumed identities , their old-school tactics  invisible ink !  , and even , in the case of "  red-hot beauty " Anna Chapman , their coquettish Facebook pictures -- got us thinking about some of our favorite stylish spies from film and television . Here 's a list of our top 10 . 1 . Anya Amasova in "  The Spy Who Loved Me " KGB agent Major Anya Amasova  code name : Triple X  had a love/hate relationship with her British counterpart , James Bond , in the 1977 film . Together , they traveled through Egypt and battled Jaws , a steel-toothed , 7-foot-tall assassin . But when the mission ended , Amasova -- played by American model Barbara Bach  who looked almost as good in her uniform as she did in a bathing suit  -- fell far short of her stated goal of killing Bond ; instead , she bedded him  in a submarine escape pod , no less  . InStyle.com : The 21 most iconic swimsuits ever 2 . Emma Peel in "  The Avengers " British agent John Steed had several different partners over the course of the original 1960s series , but Emma Peel , played by Diana Rigg , was the best : A certified genius equally adept at fencing and martial arts , she fought mad scientists in mod black-and-white ensembles  many of which were designed by Pierre Cardin  . Uma Thurman stepped into the iconic leather catsuit for a big-screen version in 1998 . 3 . Sydney Bristow in "  Alias " Jennifer Garner was nothing short of sensational as Sydney Bristow , a vulnerable-yet-deadly double-agent working with the CIA in the series that kicked off in 2001 . More to the point , she looked sensational , masquerading as everything from club kid to hotel maid to geisha with stylish aplomb . InStyle.com : Jennifer Garner 's transformation 4 . Nikita in "  La Femme Nikita " Anne Parillaud played the titular cocktail-dress-clad assassin in Luc Besson 's original 1990 film : She went from teenage drug addict to literal femme fatale at the behest of her French intelligence agency handlers . Bridget Fonda starred in Point of No Return , the 1993 Hollywood remake , and Peta Wilson found fame in a late 1990s TV version . This fall , the character will be resurrected yet again , as Maggie Q takes on the title role in the CW series "  Nikita . " 5 . Vanessa Kensington , Felicity Shagwell , and Foxxy Cleopatra in the "  Austin Powers " movies . They came from three different eras and worked for three different agencies , but Vanessa Kensington  Elizabeth Hurley  , Felicity Shagwell  Heather Graham  and Foxxy Cleopatra  Beyoncé Knowles  had more in common than their line of work and their improbable attraction to the snaggle-toothed spy Austin Powers . They also shared an affinity for truly over-the-top ensembles , as seen above ; we like Vanessa 's futuristic silver shift best . InStyle.com : Beyoncé 's Transformation 6 . Agent 99 in "  Get Smart " Eminently capable and devastatingly gorgeous , Anne Hathaway 's Agent 99 was the only CONTROL agent , aside from Maxwell Smart , whose identity had n't been compromised at the start of the 2008 film .  The character was updated from the version Barbara Feldon played in the original 1960s show .  The series of ever-more-fabulous couture getups she donned over the course of her and Maxwell 's mission was n't exactly believable , but it sure was impressive . 7 . Vesper Lynd in "  Casino Royale " Eva Green played Vesper Lynd , a British Treasury agent brought in to bankroll James Bond during a game of high stakes poker in this 2006 "  reboot " of the series . But she certainly did n't look like a boring bureaucrat : Instead , the terminally conflicted Vesper stunned in a series of dramatic evening gowns , including this sophisticated open-backed number . InStyle.com : Stars in bikinis 8 . Claire Phelps in "  Mission : Impossible " The pillow-lipped French film star Emmanuelle Béart played a member of the fancifully named Impossible Missions Force in this 1996 big-screen adaptation of the classic TV show . Tom Cruise , as Ethan Hunt , may have suspected that his fellow agent 's loyalties were divided , but given how beautiful she looked in her well-cut separates and chic little suits , we understand his inability to keep his guard up . 9 . Helen Tasker in "  True Lies " Our favorite scene in 1995 's "  True Lies " comes when the formerly bored wife of secret agent Harry Tasker  Arnold Schwarzenegger  converts her slightly frumpy high-necked , long-sleeved dress into a short , sexy cocktail mini with little more than her bare hands . After Helen  Jamie Lee Curtis  slicks her hair back with a bit of water from a vase of flowers , she 's ready for intrigue . InStyle.com : Stars ' most memorable dresses 10 . Claire Stenwick in "  Duplicity " Julia Roberts played a CIA-agent-turned-corporate-spy opposite Clive Owens in this 2009 romp . And , of course , she had all the usual accoutrements -- dark sunglasses , black trench , etc. -- but we loved this romantic V-necked printed dress she wore while shooting in Rome , Italy . Bonus : Evelyn Salt in "  Salt " Okay , we have n't yet seen "  Salt , " in which Angelina Jolie stars as a CIA officer accused of being a double agent , and it 's not in theaters until July 23rd . But if the action-packed trailer is any indication  and , judging by the numerous shots of Jolie looking chic on set  , it looks to be a very stylish entry into the cannon . Want more of the sexiest spies in pop culture ? Visit InStyle.com for the complete slideshow ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jennifer Garner was nothing short of sensational as Sydney Bristow in "  Alias " Hurley , Graham and Knowles shined in the "  Austin Powers " movies Julia Roberts played a CIA-agent-turned-corporate-spy in "  Duplicity "
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Trading in a Chinese electrical appliances company was halted Monday after reports that its chairman -- the richest man in mainland China -- is under investigation on charges of stock market manipulation , the company said . The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong indefinitely halted trading in Gome Electrical Appliances Holding Ltd. amid reports of a police investigation of Wong Kwong Yu , the company 's chairman , executive director and controlling shareholder , the company said in a statement . The company said it was looking into whether the allegations were true . The 39-year-old Wong is the richest person in mainland China , worth an estimated $ 6.3 billion , according to the 2008 China Rich List , which is compiled by the Hurun Institute . He topped the list for the third time in five years ; the China Rich List was first compiled in 1999 . The Beijing News reported that Wong is under police investigation for stock market manipulation , according to the state-run China Daily newspaper . Police declined to comment on the report , China Daily said . Gome Electrical Appliances said it "  is not in a position to confirm the accuracy of the information set out in the newspaper articles . " It also said it "  has not received any notice or legal documents in connection with the allegations from any regulatory , governmental or judicial authority in the People 's Republic of China . " The company said trading was suspended Monday "  to avoid any disorderly market and volatility in the securities of the company that may result from further release of unverified allegations in the media . " It said it is "  making necessary inquiries for the purpose of verifying the allegations . " Established in 1987 , Gome said it had 587 stores last year in 160 Chinese cities -- 572 traditional stores , 13 digital stores and two flagship stores . The company was incorporated in Bermuda , according to Gome 's Web site .	Newspapers report China 's richest man being investigated by police Trading in his company , Gome Electrical Appliances Holding Ltd , is halted Investigation involves allegations of stock market manipulation Wong Kwong Yu topped China Rich List in three of last five years
CNN  -- If there 's one fundamental truth about video games , it 's that smash hits tend to leave a lasting impression . Since players often share their company for weeks , months and sometimes years on end , these titles ' faces become as familiar and welcome as those of any friend . It 's no surprise , then , that from "  Castlevania " to "  Mortal Kombat , " many series are making a comeback . Of course , fans can always replay classics via online services such as the iPhone App Store , PlayStation Network , Xbox 360 's Game Room and the Wii 's Virtual Console . But a number of new retail and downloadable outings actually promise to go one step further and rewrite gaming history by year 's end . Each of these remakes or reboots lets you not just relive your misspent youth but revisit familiar faces in entirely new contexts . Whether you 're a former arcade rat or a slave to the Super Nintendo , all should prove equal parts fresh and familiar . Below are just a few examples of retro gaming franchises making high-profile reappearances shortly , all of which should soon have thumbs happily waggling and eyes misty with déjà vu . "  NBA Jam "  Electronic Arts , Wii  -- The arcade basketball game that single-handedly brought our GPA to its knees , this two-on-two baller picks up where its predecessors left off , offering more gravity-defying dunks and gleeful , rule-violating blocks . New features include boss battles , motion control support , secrets galore and a modern-day roster of huge-headed celeb athletes to pit against one another in smack-talking multiplayer showdowns . Do n't be surprised if your former college roommate calls , wanting a rematch . "  Splatterhouse "  Namco , PlayStation 3/Xbox 360  -- Notable at the time for their level of gore and horrific imagery , the 1988 cult classic arcade game and subsequent TurboGrafx-16 and Sega Genesis versions now seem quaint by today 's standards . Adding more bloodshed  including gruesome finishing moves  , greater freedom of movement and a spine-tingling shock horror aesthetic , the modern-day version introduces more combat moves and a high-definition makeover . Still , the plot remains a throwback , as skull mask-wearing hero Rick attempts to save his kidnapped girlfriend from a legion of grotesqueries . "  Donkey Kong Country Returns "  Nintendo , Wii  -- This update takes the 16-bit classic , once noted for its striking graphics , and transplants its side-scrolling action to a modern context , layering 3-D effects on top of 2-D elements . Jump over yawning chasms , blast out of cannons or screech along in mine carts -- solo or with simultaneous help from a friend -- while battling bosses , nabbing bananas and hunting for hidden secrets . A heady mix of button-mashing thrills and platform-hopping excitement , the game lets you party like it 's 1994 . "  Fallout : New Vegas "  Bethesda Softworks , PC/PlayStation 3/Xbox 360  -- Reprises the saga of post-apocalyptic role-playing in a futuristic wasteland first begun on desktop computers back in 1997 .  Or spiritual predecessor "  Wasteland , " depending on how far back you scroll . Wandering Sin City 's withering husk , channel your inner Mad Max while doing battle with bloodthirsty bandits and mutants . You 'll need both wits and makeshift weapons to survive a tomorrow gone horribly wrong . "  James Bond : GoldenEye 007 "  Activision , Wii  -- No 3-D first-person shooter proved consoles ' ability to deliver four-player split-screen mayhem quite like the 1997 Nintendo 64 original . This unexpected retread presents existing levels and storylines from new angles , and also offers multiplayer standoffs featuring a random assortment of characters , weapons and play modes . Think of head-to-head elements like an all-star Bond movie cast reunion -- except that after catching up and kibitzing , Jaws and Oddjob get to fatally wound each other . Also see : "  Castlevania : Lords of Shadow "  Konami , PS3/Xbox 360  -- Whip it good in this fantasy-themed reboot of the vampire-hunting action-adventure legend . "  Tron : Evolution "  Disney , PC/PS3/Xbox 360  -- Rage against the machine as you employ light cycles and glowing disks to take on cyberspace . "  Rush 'N Attack : Ex-Patriot "  Konami , PlayStation Network/Xbox Live Arcade  -- A downloadable update of the popular NES original , which pits a lone commando against legions of heavily armed adversaries .	From "  Castlevania " to "  Mortal Kombat , " many series are making a comeback "  NBA Jam 's " new features include boss battles , motion control support , secrets galore Each of these series remakes or reboots give you a chance to relive your misspent youth
CNN  Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei on Thursday accused the six world powers involved in negotiations over Iran 's nuclear program of "  deception , trickery and backstabbing " in their dealings with Tehran , according to Iranian state media . He also criticized a letter sent by 47 U.S. Republican senators to Iran 's leaders , which threatened to scupper any deal if a Republican President is elected next year , Iran 's official Press TV reported . "  Of course , I 'm concerned because the other side is into deception , trickery and backstabbing , " Khamenei is quoted as saying in a speech in Tehran . He suggested that the letter was part of a U.S. strategy of last-minute reversal aimed at undermining a comprehensive deal covering Iran 's nuclear ambitions , Press TV said . "  This is part of their ploys and tricks , " said Khamenei . Iran faces a March 24 deadline to reach a deal over its nuclear program . Several interim agreements have been made in recent months , though a long-term pact so far has been elusive . The six world powers -- the United States , Russia , China , the United Kingdom and France , plus Germany , a group known as the P5 +1 -- are seeking a deal that will ensure that Iran does n't develop nuclear arms . Officials in Tehran have publicly insisted they want a nuclear program for energy purposes , not to create atomic weaponry . The Republican senators ' decision to write to Iran 's leaders has stirred up a political firestorm in the United States . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry denounced the letter Wednesday at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing , calling it a breach of "  more than two centuries of precedent " and factually incorrect . Did 47 Republican senators break the law in plain sight ? "  It purports to tell the world that if you want to have any confidence in your dealings with America , they have to negotiate with 535 members of Congress , " Kerry said . "  That is both untrue and a profoundly bad suggestion to make . " Sen. Tom Cotton , a freshman Republican from Arkansas , penned the letter , which asserted that a lasting agreement would need congressional support . He was n't shy about his attempts to undermine the Obama administration 's negotiations with Iran and said Tuesday that the letter is "  about stopping Iran from getting a nuclear deal . " Hillary Clinton blasts Cotton Iran letter CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Report : Iran 's leader accuses world powers of "  deception , trickery and backstabbing " in nuclear talks Ayatollah Khamenei also criticizes a letter sent by U.S. Republican senators to Iran
CNN  -- A recent dust-up at MSNBC is driving the latest round of "  gotcha " between the right and the left . A host has apologized , actually tearing up as she tried to make amends for a segmet that did n't provide information , only insult . And yet , even as the target of the attack says it 's time to move on , the right is still incensed . And the left still seems uncomfortable talking about what happened . And it prompts me to kick off the new year with a confession : I 'm bored with both the right and the left . In politics , everyone lies . No one tells the truth . They all push their own agendas . Everything is divided into these camps of blue and red , liberals and conservatives . The order of the day is situational ethics . Your guy says something wrong , and you defend him because he 's your guy . Next week , your opponent says the same exact thing , and you excoriate him because , well , he 's your opponent . Where is the consistency ? You wo n't find much of it in the game of gotcha . The first rule is that you can constantly reinvent yourself . The second rule is that no other player can remind you of the person you were 10 minutes ago . The third is that , once you catch someone on the opposing team saying something intolerant or insensitive , you get to jump all over them and act high and mighty -- that is , until the next time that someone on your team says something intolerant or insensitive . When that happens , you get to act surprised that anyone took offense and accuse the offended of having thin skin . To be sure , there was plenty of offensive material in Phil Robertson 's recent comments to GQ magazine appearing to liken homosexuality to bestiality and other deviant behavior . As if that were n't bad enough , the star of the A&E Network 's "  Duck Dynasty " also appeared to minimize the mistreatment that African-Americans suffered in the South before the civil rights movement . The left could n't wait to pounce . Now consider what happened when MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry and her equally self-righteous guests took a break from portraying themselves as morally superior to conservatives and decided it would be hilarious to turn a baby -- specifically , an adopted African-American baby -- into a punchline . The three used a year-end segment dubbed "  Look Back on 2013 and Laugh " to poke fun at the adoption of Kieran Romney , who this year found himself in a family Christmas photo , atop the lap of his new grandfather , Mitt . To some on the left , the fact that Kieran is black , and his grandpa is n't , is a real side splitter . Opinion : Why Romney adoption jokes hurt Upon seeing the photo , guest Pia Glenn was so tickled that the actress burst into song : "  One of these things is not like the others ! One of these things just is n't the same . And that little baby , front and center , would be the one . " Harris-Perry laughed at that crack and joked that she 'd like to see Kieran grow up to marry North West , the daughter of reality star Kim Kardashian and rapper Kanye West . "  Can you imagine Mitt Romney and Kanye West as in-laws ? " she said . The other guest was not to be outdone . Comedian Dean Obeidallah chimed in with this : "  I think this picture is great . It really sums up the diversity of the Republican Party , the RNC . At the convention , they find the one black person . " Liberals like to think of themselves as more enlightened than anyone else . But if this is what passes for "  enlightened " these days , I 'd hate to hear what ignorant sounds like . It 's pretty clear that while the focus was on the baby  "  one of these things ... " and "  one black person "  , the real target was Mitt Romney . That is , this was about politics . It was about left and right , and that 's boring . What interests me now is how people treat one another , how we interact with each other during the relatively short time we have here on Earth . That is what is going to endure when we 're gone , not who we voted for in a given election or our party affiliation . If you 're still looking for a New Year 's resolution , how 's this one ? Let 's treat each other better . Using a baby -- let alone an adopted baby -- to score cheap political points is not how we should treat one another . That 's what happened here . Once politics took over , common decency and good manners went out the window . Harris-Perry , Glenn , and Obeidallah all apologized . But , would n't you know it ? Even that was a mixed bag . First the good news . Harris-Perry did a great job . A day after the incident , she apologized on Twitter "  without reservation or qualification . " Then , she opened her show Saturday with more of the same and veered off into the larger issue of keeping the families of political figures off limits . "  Adults who enter into public life implicitly consent to having less privacy , " she said . "  But their families , and especially their children , should not be treated callously or thoughtlessly . My intention was not malicious , but I broke the ground rule that families are off-limits , and for that I am sorry . " Now the bad news . Her guests were not nearly so gracious . In fact , their apologies were less about contrition and forgiveness , and more about politics . Glenn tweeted : "  In a spontaneous reaction to a photo , my disdain for Mitt Romney 's political platform led me to inadvertently insult adoptive families . " In a piece for the Daily Beast , Obeidallah  who has appeared on CNN shows and written op-eds for CNN.com  explained that he was in hot water because "  I told a joke that many on the right -- and even a few in the middle -- did n't like " and because "  those on the right who monitor MSNBC were outraged " and because "  right-wing media outlets " had piled on . He said that "  being attacked by right-wing publications " is not new for him and vowed "  to the self-appointed right-wing pundits " that he will "  never stop calling out the wrongs and hypocrisy of the right . " All RIGHT , then . Still , Obeidallah wrote , "  I want to sincerely apologize to the Romney family if anyone was offended by my joke . " For his part , Romney told Fox News that he 's ready to move on from the controversy . So should we all . Interestingly , the three jokesters only apologized after word of the segment got out and conservative media outlets kicked up a fuss . You see , apparently when you have a show on MSNBC , no one watches or hears what you have to say until someone else repeats it . Now , that 's funny . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Dust-up over MSNBC segment is latest round of "  gotcha " in right-left wars He says the predictable cycle of insults exacts a price in the way we treat other people "  Duck Dynasty " star 's comments and the Romney adoption "  jokes " should be off-limits , he says Navarrette : In 2014 , let 's transcend mean-spirited efforts to score political points
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy believes his renowned ability as a frontrunner will land him the Dubai Desert Classic title despite seeing his lead cut to a single stroke at the halfway stage Friday . McIlroy was unable to reproduce his first round heroics when he shot a 63 , but followed it up with a two-under-par 70 for a two-round total of 11-under 133 . Unheralded American Brooks Koepka was his nearest challenger after a sparkling second round 65 while world number one Tiger Woods struggled to a one-over 73 to make the cut by one shot on three-under . England 's Danny Willett matched Koepka 's 65 to share third place on eight-under with Ireland 's Damien McGrane and Frenchman Julien Quesne . Defending champion Stephen Gallacher , who played in the same group as McIlroy and Woods , was among seven players a shot further back , which included last year 's European number one Henrik Stenson of Sweden . McIlroy struggled from the outset with a bogey on his opening hole but recovered to card three birdies to the turn . On the easier back nine he would have expected to pull further clear but instead made two bogeys , canceled out by birdies at the 10th and 18th . The 24-year-old remained optimistic he could build on his slender lead at the weekend and land his sixth European Tour title . "  I will just go back tonight and regroup and realize that I am still leading the tournament , " he told the official European Tour website . "  I hit a couple of loose drives which I have n't done the last couple of weeks but I still feel like I 'm playing well enough to go and win the tournament . " McIlroy has won a number of events , including the 2009 Dubai Desert Classic after leading for much of the way and believes it will hold him in good stead . "  I have led from the front quite well in tournaments that I have won . I feel like I am still playing well , I know the course as well as anyone else and I expect to go out there and shoot two good scores over the weekend and hopefully lift the trophy . " Koepka , who won three events on the secondary Challenger Tour last season , carded seven birdies to earn his chance of pairing with McIlroy Saturday . "  I 've never played with Rory , so it 's going to be fun . I know him a little bit from seeing him around , so hopefully I 'll be able to play as well as I did today , " he said . Stenson , who topped the money lists in both the PGA and European Tours last season , looks to pose the biggest threat to McIlroy . "  I think there is still a little way to go but today was the best I have putted for a long , long time , " said the Swede . Woods , who missed the cut in his opening event of 2014 , was wayward off the tee and found the fairway just twice from 10 attempts when using his driver . The result was a three-bogey round that left him tied for for 44th , but still not out of the running if he could produce an inspired round at the weekend .	Rory McIlroy leads at halfway of the Dubai Desert Classic Cards a two-under 70 for a two-round total of 11-under 133 Brooks Koepka nearest challenger a shot further back Tiger Woods eight off the pace after a disappointing 73
CNN  -- A Canadian citizen was sentenced Thursday in Chicago to 14 years in prison for aiding a plot to attack a Danish newspaper that published cartoons depicting the Prophet Mohammed . Tahawwur Rana , 52 , was convicted in June 2011 of conspiracy to provide material support in the plot against the Morgenavisen Jyllands-Posten newspaper and of providing material support to the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e Tayyiba-terror organization . Rana , a native of Pakistan , was found not guilty of providing support for the November 2008 Mumbai terror attacks in which more than 160 people were killed , including six Americans . David Coleman Headley , an alleged co-conspirator of Rana 's , performed surveillance prior to those Mumbai attacks . Headley pleaded guilty in March 2010 to a dozen terror charges , including aiding and abetting the murders of the Americans in the Mumbai assault . He agreed to cooperate with the government and avoid a possible death penalty . Headley is due to be sentenced next Thursday and is facing up to life in prison . Headley testified against Rana , whom he had known since the two attended the same high school in Pakistan . Rana had a Chicago-based immigration business and Headley said he pretended to be working for that business during overseas travels as a cover for his surveillance activities . Headley took part in the plot against the Danish paper , as well as the Mumbai operation . At Rana 's trial , the defense argued that he had no idea what Headley was up to , and that Headley was lying to avoid the death penalty . The plot to attack the Danish newspaper was never carried out , but the government said the plan was to behead employees and toss their heads into the street . "  This serious prison sentence should go a long way towards convincing would-be terrorists that they ca n't hide behind the scenes , lend support to the violent aims of terrorist organizations , and escape detection and punishment , " said Gary Shapiro , Acting U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois .	Businessman sentenced to 14 years He was convicted of supporting plot , terror group The Pakistan native was convicted last year
CNN  -- A high-speed passenger train left its tracks on the outskirts of Split , Croatia , Friday , killing at least six people and injuring 45 , according to Croatian police . The high-speed train derailed on the outskirts of Split , Croatia , about noon on Friday . The train was on its way from the Croatian capital , Zagreb , when it derailed about 20 kilometers  12 miles  from it 's destination of Split about noon , said Marina Kraljevic-Gudelj , a spokeswoman for police in Split . "  This is a huge tragedy , so there is no place for speculation , " she said . Police had launched an investigation into the cause of the crash . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	High-speed passenger train leaves its tracks on the outskirts of Split , Croatia At least six people killed and 45 injured , according to police The train was on its way from the Croatian capital , Zagreb , to Split
CNN  -- On behalf of all those Latino voters who have figured out that the Obama administration is the most hostile to Latino immigrants of any administration in the last half century and who are looking for an alternative , let me say this to the Republican presidential candidates : "  Bienvenidos to Florida ! Now , behave yourselves . " Like the saying goes , for everything there is a season . And as far as the Republican hopefuls are concerned , for every primary state , there is a makeover . After campaigning in three states with infinitesimally small Latino populations -- the last of which , South Carolina , had red meat on the menu since it recently passed a tough anti-illegal immigration law -- the next state in the queue is Florida , where voters go to the polls on January 31 and where the Hispanic population is substantial . According to the Census Bureau , the Hispanic population in Florida grew by an astonishing 57 % in the last 10 years . Hispanics now account for 22.5 % of Floridians , compared with 16.3 % of the entire U.S. population . But that 's only half the story . Florida 's Latino population was once made up almost entirely of conservative Cuban-Americans in South Florida , around Miami , who almost always vote Republican . But in a dramatic change , it now also contains a large number of liberal Puerto Ricans in central Florida , around Orlando , who are more likely to vote Democratic . Mix in large numbers of Nicaraguans , Mexicans and Brazilians and you have a spicy Latin stew that wo n't be easy to pander to with one message . Or one issue . The estimated 10 million Latinos who are expected to cast ballots in November care about the same issues as other voters : jobs , the economy , health care , education . But with one major difference : Immigration tends to float to the top of the list when tensions flare , as they did last year when Arizona started a trend with a tough immigration law that all but requires the ethnic and racial profiling of Latinos . In addition , Cuban-Americans , Puerto Ricans and Mexican-Americans all come to the immigration issue in different ways , and some are more fired up than others over the tendency of all politicians to exploit the issue for their benefit at the expense of Latino immigrants . For Republicans , the good news is that President Obama has given them an opening . Not only did Obama break his 2008 campaign promise to make immigration reform a priority in his first term , he also broke the record for deportations . His administration roped local police into the enforcement of immigration law through the Secure Communities program , which requires police and sheriff departments to submit fingerprints to federal officials of anyone they arrest who they suspect is an illegal immigrant -- read Latino . Through this , the administration expelled more than 1.2 million illegal immigrants -- most of them Latino -- and , in the process , divided hundreds of thousands of families . But the bad news is that Republicans -- in trying to pander to what their base wants , or rather what they think their base wants -- have made a mess of immigration to the point where many Latinos tell me they would rather vote for Obama and "  Stick with the devil we know . " Generally speaking , when asked about immigration , Republicans come across as mean-spirited , ill-informed and narrow-minded . The presidential hopefuls have fallen into that trap . Consider their dismal performance in Monday 's debate in Tampa Bay , Florida , and how they addressed the question of what they would do about the Dream Act , a bill that would provide a pathway to citizenship for students who go to college or join the military . According to polls , the legislation enjoys the support of more than three-fourths of Latinos . Even so , both Rick Santorum and Mitt Romney have said they would veto the bill because they , wrongly , consider it a form of "  amnesty . " That would be something for nothing . The Dream Act offers something for something . But , at the debate , perhaps in an attempt to curry favor with Latinos in Florida , Romney -- true to his reputation for flip-flopping -- tried to walk back from that declaration by saying he would sign a version of the Dream Act if it were only "  focused on military service . " Newt Gingrich said essentially the same thing , insisting that he , too , backed the military component of the legislation , but opposed the part that "  simply says everybody who goes to college is automatically waived for having broken the law . " The only thing that is "  simple " is Gingrich 's understanding of what it means to break the law . When a parent brings his child into the country illegally , the parent breaks the law . But the child does n't . From that point forward , the child might be without legal status in the United States , but that is not the same as someone making a conscious decision to violate a statute and open himself up to the consequences . When it comes to immigration , Republicans offer little more than silliness , sound bites and simple solutions . Do they really think that will help them with Latinos in Florida , let alone help whichever of them emerges a victor appeal to voters in the general election ? If so , here 's a Spanish phrase they should become familiar with : "  Buena suerte . " Good luck . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are soley those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Florida 's Latino population is booming , and more diverse than ever Navarrette : Obama administration has given GOP an opening to gain Hispanic vote Republicans ' rejection of Dream Act , pandering to "  base " alienates Latinos , he writes He says Republicans need to offer more than silliness , sound bites , simple solutions
Dan Marino , considered one of the greatest quarterbacks in National Football League history , is suing the NFL over concussions , according to court documents filed last week in Philadelphia . Marino , a Hall of Famer who starred for the Miami Dolphins for 17 seasons , and 14 other former players filed a civil lawsuit in federal court that says the league knew for years there was a link between concussions and long-term health problems . The document asks for monetary damages to be determined at a jury trial and for medical monitoring for the former players . Each player submitted a short-form complaint that contained standard language that they suffer from brain injuries and exhibit symptoms that have developed over time . Marino joining lawsuit changes everything The document does n't specify the nature of Marino 's injuries . The NFL did n't immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . Marino , 52 , was considered one of the most durable quarterbacks in the NFL and once started 99 games in a row . Known for a quick release , Marino still holds several NFL records . He was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2005 . Other former players involved in the suit are Richard Bishop , Ethan Johnson , Chris Dugan , Anthony Grant , Mark Green , LaCurtis Jones , John Huddleston , Erik Affholter , Toddrick McIntosh , Dwight Wheeler , Jackie Wallace , Moses Moreno , Peter Manning and Bruce Clark . In a separate case in January , a federal judge declined to approve a proposed $ 760 million settlement of claims arising from concussions suffered by NFL players , saying she did n't think it was enough money . The estimated 20,000 class members over the settlement 's 65-year lifespan would include former players with early dementia , moderate dementia , Alzheimer 's disease , Parkinson 's disease , amyotropic lateral sclerosis and/or death with a postmortem diagnosis of chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a brain disorder . Sol Weiss , one of the lawyers who filed the Marino group 's lawsuit , is also one of the attorneys who settled the class action concussion case with the NFL . White House to talk concussion prevention at summit Head impact sensors : On-the-field placebo or danger ? Brett Favre : Memory lapse ` put a little fear in me '	Dan Marino and 14 other players are the latest group to sue the NFL They say the league knew concussions came with health consequences The lawsuit does n't list what happened to Marino In January , a judge ruled a settlement between NFL , other ex-players was inadequate
Shanghai  CNN  -- The only souvenir that Xie Jinghua has from her stay at a Holiday Inn Express located in a vast tourism park alongside the East China Sea is a room key . The 52-year-old said she was not able to buy any of the beach toys in the lobby , walk around a lake nearby , or enjoy the ocean just outside of her window . Xie was there , she said , because she was forced to be - held in a hotel room for eight days after she and her 56-year-old husband , Ma Haiming , traveled to Beijing in March to protest the compensation they were given for the demolition of the family 's farmhouse to make way for the expansion of Shanghai 's Pudong International Airport in 2005 . When the couple arrived in Beijing , Xie said they were picked up by plain clothes police and forced to travel hundreds of miles back to Shanghai , then held separately at the hotel . "  I really felt quite sick inside , " said Xie , who now lives in a tiny apartment near the airport where her son works as a janitor . Xie said she tried to escape from her third floor hotel room on March 10 via its balcony but was stopped by at least seven guards who , she said , "  put me on the bed and used the bedspread " to hold her down . She said she stole the room key when a guard was not looking . Xie and her husband were not alone . Three other people have told CNN they were held against their will at the Holiday Inn Express Nanhuizui - located in Lingang New City on the outskirts of Shanghai - to keep them from airing grievances to the central government during the 10-day annual meeting of China 's legislature in March . The hotel management and owners deny their claims . But people being detained without charge is nothing new in China , according to Human Rights Watch , which says authorities use hotels , homeless shelters , mental health facilities , farmhouses and obscure government compounds as so-called "  black jails " -- unofficial prisons where Chinese officials hold citizens without charge . However activists say this is the first time a facility run by a western company has been allegedly used for these unofficial detentions . "  I have not come across an American branded hotel being used as a black jail , " said Phelim Kine , a senior Asia researcher with the New York-based Human Rights Watch . "  That is a first , and it is noteworthy . " The InterContinental Hotels Group  IHG  , the UK-based firm that owns the Holiday Inn Express brand , said there was no indication that guests at the hotel were being held against their will last March . "  We have found no evidence which would confirm these accusations or any sign that the hotel owner knew or cooperated with  the  government on this hotel stay and the hotel is operated in accordance with PRC -LSB- People 's Republic of China -RSB- local laws and regulations , " IHG said in a statement , noting that it had conducted a "  thorough investigation " of the allegations . "  As you 'll appreciate , we ca n't provide details of the booking or guests due to privacy laws . " ` Black jails ' in China According to a 2009 Human Rights Watch report on China 's alleged "  black jails , " local courts often refuse to take cases from residents who have complaints against local officials , which means petitioning Beijing is the only option those residents have . But their trips to Beijing present a major problem for local officials , who face demotions or other forms of retribution from higher levels of government based on the number of petitioners who come to Beijing , according to Human Rights Watch . As a result , local governments intervene , abducting the petitioners either before they leave or once they arrive in Beijing , Kine said . The forced detention of dissidents has become its own cottage industry as public security offices subcontract people to work for them who "  are paid per head for each person that they abduct and hold , " Kine added . "  This is a huge grey economy . " As Communist Party officials meet this week to decide China 's new leadership , outside will be people like Wang Yifeng and Fan Jianjiang who are petitioning government leaders directly for compensation after the demolition of their homes . Both Wang and Fan are among the five interviewed by CNN who said they attempted to make their case last March , but were intercepted by police who took them into custody and held them in the Holiday Inn Express Nanhuizui . Human rights groups say detentions without charge are common , particularly during times of central government meetings . "  We always expect that around significant political events that there will be a tightening of surveillance and control over key individuals who the government considers to be troublemakers , " said Catherine Baber , director of Asia Pacific for Amnesty International . "  But certainly in the lead up to the transition , there is a growing list of people who are under house arrest . " "  Phenomenal resources are used for keeping tabs on -LSB- petitioners -RSB- , " Baber said . "  Detaining them and bringing them back , putting them under surveillance , sending them to reeducation through labor -LSB- camps -RSB- . " A spokeswoman for IHG said that during the time in question a group of rooms were booked by a government official from the Pudong district of Shanghai . That area is home to the five alleged detainees . They say their movements are constantly monitored by security officials in their home district after years of appealing for better compensation for their properties . According to the five , local officials have either intercepted them before they arrived in Beijing to make their petitions or tracked them down in the capital and sent them on the 665-mile journey back to the Shanghai area , where they were held . An official at the Petition Bureau of Zhuqiao Town , home of the five petitioners , denied their claims . "  I do n't know what you are talking about , our channels of petitioning are open , " said the official , who declined to give his name when he was reached by phone . "  There 's no such thing . " CNN contacted China 's Ministry of Public Security on November 5 for a response to these claims , but there has not yet been a reply . However , in the past , Beijing has denied the existence of so-called "  black jails " in China . The central government also last year issued new regulations outlawing violent forced eviction and offering new protections , including fair compensation . ` Violent forced evictions ' But rights groups say problems remain . "  Violent forced evictions in China are on the rise as local authorities seek to offset huge debts by seizing and then selling off land in suspect deals with property developers , " according to an October report by Amnesty International , called "  Standing Their Ground . " The 85-page report also said there is ineffective redress for Chinese citizens like Xie and her husband , who - without cash to hire legal help - petition the central government directly with local grievances that range from allegations of illegal land seizures and forced evictions to corruption and abuse from local authorities . They often face weeks or sometimes years of forced detentions without charge , human rights groups say . "  From our research and research from domestic Chinese human rights -LSB- groups -RSB- , they are held from a few days to several months and routinely subjected to physical abuse , sleep deprivation and very often they have to buy their way out of custody , " Kine said . "  The government has denied there are any such black jail facilities in China . Even though -LSB- Chinese -RSB- state media run stories about black jails , there is an official disconnect . " Baber at Amnesty International said it is hard to quantify the number of people who are detained illegally in China , but "  it is a large phenomenon , " she said . "  Just from the volume of people who put their energies into pursuing petitioning and continue to do so . It will be a large problem still . " Petitioner : Kept under guard Xie said there were several guards posted outside of her Holiday Inn Express room and two women who were living in the room with her whose job was to monitor her . She said while held at the hotel , she was told she would be given "  classes about petitioner regulations . " But there were no classes , she added . Xie took a reporter to the hotel to show where she was allegedly detained . The rooms were neatly furnished , with a flat screen TV and abstract art hanging on the walls . When the front desk worker was asked whether they were aware people had allegedly been held against their will in the hotel , the employee said there were a number of guests who were staying in their rooms and were not leaving , and there were people standing outside their room , but that they had no idea why . IHG said they interviewed all employees at the hotel in June after being first contacted by CNN , none of whom confirmed this story . A review of hotel security tapes was impossible , the hotel said , because recordings are erased after one month . The hotel had the employees sign affidavits attesting to their version of events , a hotel spokeswoman said . "  IHG is committed to operating our company with integrity and we have a Human Rights Policy applicable across the business . We have signed up to the UN Global Compact , aligning our operations and strategies with the ten universal principles that include commitments to human rights and labor standards , " IHG said in its statement . "  Our staff is trained to handle different situations and were a situation to arise , our staff would report an incident to the relevant authorities and IHG . " China has become a leading market for the InterContinental Hotels Group , which owns the Holiday Inn Express , Intercontinental and Crowne Plaza brands . Greater China led its first half , with a 9.7 % increase in revenue per available rooms . IHG , headquartered outside London , generates revenue from 181 hotels in greater China , with plans to open 160 more hotels , according to the company . IHG 's local partner in the hotel is Shanghai Harbor City Hotel Investment and Management Co. -- a subsidiary of Shanghai Harbor City Development Group . Like most of IHG 's properties in China , a local partner legally owns the hotel but IHG manages the property . Zhu Gang , a manager with Shanghai Harbor City Development , said the company "  knows nothing about " people being detained at the Holiday Inn Express . "  No violence happened in the hotel , " he said . Researcher Jack Zhang contributed to this story	Five people tell CNN they were held against their will at a Holiday Inn Express in China The five were attempting to air grievances at a conference of Chinese leaders in March Local petition bureau and IHG , owner of the Holiday Inn Express brand , deny these claims Human rights officials say unofficial detentions in "  black jails " are rising in China
CNN  -- The owner of the Gulf of Mexico oil rig that exploded last year , killing 11 workers and leading to what has been called the worst oil spill ever , said Monday that calling 2010 its "  best year " in safety "  may have been insensitive . " Transocean Ltd. , in a recent filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , said hefty bonuses and raises to top executives were based in part on the company 's "  performance under safety " last year . "  We acknowledge that some of the wording in our 2010 proxy statement may have been insensitive in light of the incident that claimed the lives of eleven exceptional men last year and we deeply regret any pain that it may have caused , " Transocean said in a statement to CNN . "  Nothing in the proxy was intended to minimize this tragedy or diminish the impact it has had on those who lost loved ones . Everyone at Transocean continues to mourn the loss of these friends and colleagues . " The statement did not address the controversy over the decision to give out cash awards despite the oil spill disaster . That includes a $ 200,000 salary increase for Transocean President and Chief Executive Officer Steven L. Newman , whose base salary will increase from $ 900,000 to $ 1.1 million , the SEC report said . Newman 's bonus was $ 374,062 , according to the report , which Transocean filed Friday . Newman also has a $ 5.4 million long-term compensation package the company awarded him upon his appointment as CEO in March 2010 , according to the SEC filing . "  Notwithstanding the tragic loss of life in the Gulf of Mexico , we achieved an exemplary statistical safety record as measured by our total recordable incident rate and total potential severity rate , " the SEC statement reads . "  As measured by these standards , we recorded the best year in safety performance in our company 's history . " The company called that record "  a reflection on our commitment to achieving an incident-free environment , all the time , everywhere , " the SEC filing said . The April 20 , 2010 , explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig injured 17 workers and killed 11 others , including nine Transocean employees , according to the SEC filing . It has been called the worst spill in U.S. history . The well was capped three months later , but not before millions of barrels of oil spilled into the Gulf . In January , President Barack Obama 's National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling released a report that spread blame for the accident among Transocean , BP -- which leased the rig -- and Halliburton , which installed the rig 's cement casing . The commission said problems with deepwater drilling are "  systemic " and that only "  significant reform " will prevent another disaster . Another report released March 23 determined that the oil spill was caused by a piece of drill pipe trapped in the rig platform 's blowout preventer , a device intended to stop oil from flowing into the Gulf . The report was commissioned by various U.S. agencies , including the Interior Department and the Department of Homeland Security . The Interior Department has said a much broader report that relies on additional sources of data , including eyewitness accounts and photos , will be released this summer . The oil spill has prompted a flood of lawsuits against BP , Transocean and Halliburton from a variety of plaintiffs , including owners of Gulf businesses who say they suffered heavy financial losses because of the spill . The plaintiffs also include Transocean shareholders who contend the company falsely claimed it had remedied past safety problems with its blowout preventers before the Gulf spill .	Transocean acknowledges words were "  insensitive " in light of 11 worker deaths Executives get pay raises , bonuses , in part for the safety record , SEC filing says Cash awards based in part on company safety record Despite Gulf oil spill , company called 2010 "  best year in safety "
CNN  -- Manchester United returned to the top of the English Premier League with a 3-1 victory over in-form Tottenham on Saturday but the champions ' title hopes suffered a blow with the news that top scorer Wayne Rooney may miss the rest of the season . The England striker sat out the home win , which put United two points clear of Chelsea , with a groin injury suffered in training and he may miss the final two matches of the season . England coach Fabio Capello will be hoping that United take no risks with the 34-goal forward , who will be one of his key players at the World Cup in South Africa starting in mid-June . "  I think he 'll probably take two to three weeks to recover , " United manager Alex Ferguson told match broadcaster Sky . "  We 'll try to get him back , he 'll obviously be desperate to get back himself . We 'll just have to wait and see . " Earlier this month , Rooney made a sooner-than-expected return from an ankle injury to play in the second leg of the Champions League quarterfinal against Bayern Munich , then missed the 0-0 draw with Blackburn before a below-par outing in the 1-0 win over Manchester City that kept his side in the title race . United face mid-table Sunderland and Stoke in the climax to the season as the club seek a fourth successive league crown , while Chelsea hosts Stoke on Sunday before a trip to Liverpool and a home clash with lowly Wigan . Tottenham , who upset third-placed Arsenal and Chelsea in the two preceding matches , have not beaten United since 1989 and have not defeated one of the "  big four " away from home in 66 matches . Harry Redknapp 's team still retained fourth place in the table as Manchester City drew 0-0 at Arsenal in Saturday 's late match . The Londoners looked like matching United at Old Trafford when defender Ledley King equalized in the 70th minute , but Portugal midfielder Nani snatched victory for the hosts with a delightful chip on 81 and then won a penalty for Ryan Giggs ' second spot-kick of the game five minutes later . The 36-year-old Giggs had never scored a penalty in his near 600-game career for United , but coolly took over Rooney 's duties in the 58th minute after Benoit Assou-Akotto brought down Patrice Evra in the box . United lost Evra to the lingering effects of his pre-match illness and winger Antonio Valencia went off with injury , while Spurs rallied with the return of England midfielder Aaron Lennon from long-term injury as a substitute . Defender King headed in Gareth Bale 's corner as United fullback Rafael strayed from his position on the post and could not clear the ball to give the visitors hope of a point . But Nani raced onto substitute Federico Macheda 's pass to beat goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes with an exquisite finish , and the Brazilian was again beaten by Giggs after a clumsy challenge from behind by Wilson Palacios . Manchester City trail Tottenham by a point in the battle for the fourth Champions League place , with the two teams to meet in their penultimate game of the season on May 5 . City boss Roberto Mancini surprisingly left Emmanuel Adebayor on the bench after the Togo striker 's ill-advised goal celebrations in front of his former club 's fans when the teams last met in the league in September . Adebayor made an impact when he came on in the second half , but the match was most notable for a season-ending shoulder injury suffered by City 's Republic of Ireland goalkeeper Shay Given that allowed Gunnar Nielsen to become the first Faroe Isander to play in the Premier League . The 23-year-old was largely untested as Arsenal 's faint title hopes were finally extinguished , with the Londoners now seven points behind United with two matches left . Nielsen may have to fill in for the rest of the season , with Given 's deputy Stuart Taylor injured and England international Joe Hart on loan at Birmingham . City next take on sixth-placed Aston Villa , who can keep their own Champions League hopes alive with victory at home to Midlands rivals Birmingham on Sunday . West Ham moved six points clear of the relegation zone with a 3-2 win over fellow strugglers Wigan that keeps Gianfranco Zola 's team in the top flight for another season . Captain Scott Parker struck a 77th-minute winner from long range as West Ham recovered from an early own-goal by United States defender Jonathan Spector , with Brazilian striker Ilan and Czech midfielder Radoslav Kovac putting the London side 2-1 up at halftime . Colombia striker Hugo Rodallega leveled seven minutes after the interval with a bundled effort as Victor Moses flicked on a cross from first-goal provider Ben Watson , but Kovac headed against the bar before midfielder Parker celebrated his return from suspension with a fine winner . The result sent third-bottom Hull down to the second division after the Yorkshire side lost 1-0 in an ill-tempered home clash with Sunderland that saw both teams reduced to 10 men . Darren Bent put Sunderland ahead in the seventh minute from close range after strike partner Kenwyne Jones headed Alan Hutton 's cross into his path for the England World Cup hopeful 's 25th goal this season . Hull should have leveled after the club 's former defender Michael Tuner brought down Geovanni , but Jimmy Bullard hit the post with his penalty attempt . Hutton was sent off just before halftime following an ugly exchange with Hull striker Jozy Altidore , which saw the Scot receive a headbutt after throwing the ball in the face of the United States international , who was also red-carded . Wolverhampton Wanderers will be safe for a second season in the Premier League if fellow promoted side Burnley fail to beat Liverpool on Sunday , having moved eight points clear of the second-bottom side with a 1-1 draw at home to Blackburn . Blackburn captain Ryan Nelsen put the visitors ahead in the 28th minute , with the New Zealand defender diverting in Morten Gamst Pedersen 's corner , but substitute Sylvain Ebanks-Blake headed an 81st minute equalizer from Stephen Ward 's cross . Relegated bottom club Portsmouth came from two goals down to earn a 2-2 draw at Bolton , as Ivory Coast striker Aruna Dindane netted a second-half double for the FA Cup finalists to cancel out first-half efforts by Kevin Davies and Ivan Klasnic .	Manchester United return to top of English Premier League with 3-1 win over Tottenham Top scorer Wayne Rooney may miss rest of season after sitting out match with injury Champions United two points clear of Chelsea , who host Stoke on Sunday Tottenham retain fourth place in table as Manchester City draw 0-0 at Arsenal in late match
EW.com  -- Things are looking up for Lloyd and Harry . EW has confirmed that Universal Pictures has picked up the North American distribution rights for "  Dumb and Dumber To , " the in-development sequel to the hit 1994 Jim Carrey/Jeff Daniels comedy "  Dumb and Dumber . " Deadline first reported the news . Warner Bros. drops ` Dumb and Dumber ' sequel Peter and Bobby Farrelly , who most recently directed "  The Three Stooges , " will return to direct the sequel . The Farrelly brothers did a rewrite on the original script which was penned by Sean Anders and John Morris , who co-wrote "  Hot Tub Time Machine " and "  She 's Out of My League . " The Farrelly Brothers finishing script for ` Dumb and Dumber To ' -- and that is n't a typo Stars Carrey and Daniels are also expected to reprise their iconic roles . According to the report , the sequel will find the two friends on a road trip . Warner Bros. dropped the picture a week ago , leaving room for Universal to step in , with Red Granite signing on to finance the project . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Universal Pictures has picked up distribution rights for "  Dumb and Dumber To " Warner Bros. had previously dropped the sequel to 1994 's "  Dumb and Dumber " Peter and Bobby Farrelly will return to direct , and also did a rewrite on the script Stars Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels are expected to reprise their original roles
CNN  -- The archbishop of Milwaukee , Wisconsin , apologized repeatedly Tuesday night for the way his archdiocese handled an abusive priest and he defended the Vatican which has come under fire for not disciplining or defrocking the man . "  Mistakes were made in the Lawrence Murphy case , " said Archbishop Jerome Listecki at the end of a special holy week mass at St. John 's Cathedral in Milwaukee . "  The mistakes were not made in Rome in 1996 , 1997 and 1998 . The mistakes were made here , in the Archdiocese of Milwaukee , in the 1970s , the 1980s and the 1990s , by the Church , by civil authorities , by Church officials , and by bishops . And for that , I beg your forgiveness in the name of the Church and in the name of this Archdiocese of Milwaukee . " The now-deceased Murphy is believed to have molested up to 200 boys . The Vatican says it did not know about the abuse until 20 years after civil authorities investigated and later dropped the case . However , a recent New York Times story alleged that top Vatican officials , including the future Pope Benedict XVI , failed to act despite warnings from several American bishops . Jeff Anderson , a lawyer who obtained internal church paperwork , said it "  shows a direct line from the victims through the bishops and directly to the man who is now pope . " In his comments Tuesday night , Listecki attempted to shift the blame away from the Pope . "  The Holy Father does not need me to defend him or his decisions , " he said . "  I believe , and history will confirm , that his actions in responding to this crisis swiftly and decisively and his compassionate response to victims  and  survivors speak for themselves . " Listecki added that measures have now been put in place in his diocese and across the country to protect children from predatory priests . "  Still , we know it is not words , but actions that will demonstrate our resolve , " he said . "  And , in some ways , regardless of what I say tonight or any other time , our critics will say it is not enough . "  But that can not and will not prevent me from making every possible effort at moving forward toward healing and resolution with those who have been harmed , and determined to make sure nothing like this can ever happen again . " The apologies are little consolation to many of the victims , three of whom shared their stories on "  Larry King Live " Tuesday night . "  These priests have been allowed to abuse children for years . And with the man who is now the pope knowing about what Father Murphy alone was doing , and not doing anything about it ? He needs to resign . He has no business being in the position he is in , " said Donald Marshall , who said he was abused once during one of Murphy 's regular visits to the Lincoln Hills School , a juvenile detention center in Irma in northern Wisconsin . Most of the alleged abuse took place at the John 's School for the Deaf in St. Francis where Murphy began as a teacher in 1950 . He was promoted to run the school in 1963 in spite of the fact that students had warned church officials of molestation , according to documents that CNN has seen . Gary Smith said his abuse began when he was 12 and continued up until he was 20 , about 50 or 60 times . "  He was scared . He did n't know if he should tell anyone , " said Gigi Budzinski , who interpreted for Smith during his appearance on King 's show . "  He felt like Murphy was so powerful that he could n't do anything , " she said . Local coverage from CNN affiliate WISN Still , Smith and two other classmates eventually reported Murphy to the Milwaukee police . "  They did nothing , " said Arthur Budzinski , who said he was abused three times . Three successive archbishops in Wisconsin were told of the abuse , but none reported it to criminal or civil authorities , said Anderson , who is representing five men who are suing the archdiocese . The Archdiocese of Milwaukee , however , said that abuse was reported in fall 1973 to Milwaukee police , who turned the report over to St. Francis police , but no charges were filed . Murphy was removed in May 1974 as director of the St. John 's School for the Deaf , but remained as fundraiser and alumni director until summer 1974 , when he was removed from any role at the school , according to a chronology posted on the archdiocese Web site . In August 1974 , a series of newspaper articles in the Milwaukee Sentinel reported on Murphy 's removal and the allegations , the chronology said . A district attorney reviewed the allegations against Murphy in fall 1974 . A civil lawsuit was filed in 1975 against the archdiocese relating to Murphy , but was resolved the following year , the chronology said . The Vatican 's Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , the office led by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger who would later become pope , "  was not informed of the matter until some 20 years later , " said Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi . The office is in charge of deciding whether accused priests should be given canonical trials and defrocked . But as part of his lawsuit , Anderson obtained correspondence from Milwaukee to Ratzinger and other internal church documents . The documents , dating back to 1974 , include letters between bishops and the Vatican , victims ' affidavits , the handwritten notes of an expert on sexual disorders who interviewed Murphy and minutes of a final Vatican meeting on the case . Ratzinger failed to respond to two letters about the case in 1996 from Milwaukee 's then-archbishop , Rembert G. Weakland . After eight months , Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone , who at the time was second-in-command of the doctrinal office and now is the Vatican 's secretary of state , told Wisconsin bishops to begin a secret canonical trial , the documents show . By that time , Murphy was in poor health , living in seclusion and had not had any allegations of abuse levied against him for more than 20 years , the Milwaukee archbishop said . The Congregation suggested that the archbishop restrict Murphy 's public ministry and require him to accept full responsibility for his acts . Murphy died four months later . "  Even though some do not want to hear it or accept it as truth , mistakes were made by law enforcement , medical professionals -- even reporters who helped bring initial stories to light and grappled with how to deal with perpetrators , " Listecki said Tuesday night . "  We have all learned so much . "	Archbishop apologizes for archdiocese 's handling of abusive priest , defends Vatican Lawrence Murphy is accused of molesting as many as 200 boys Vatican says it did not know about abuse until decades later
CNN  -- The U.S. government is the largest financial entity in the world . Nothing else comes close . On Sunday , April 29 , it will be exactly three years since the U.S. Senate passed a budget . If you own or work for a small business that has a loan from a bank , I 'm quite sure your business has a budget -- and a rather detailed budget at that . Every year around tax time , many American families sit down to fill out tax forms , estimate their income , and set spending priorities for the upcoming year . It 's the responsible thing to do . And yet , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid appears to believe it is not necessary for the Senate to fulfill its legal responsibility by debating and passing a budget to account for $ 3.8 trillion in federal spending next fiscal year , $ 15.6 trillion of debt and , according to figures produced by the Senate Budget Committee Republican staff , more than $ 65 trillion in additional unfunded liabilities . To provide some perspective to these incomprehensible numbers , the total net private asset base -- that is , the net value of all household assets , small business assets , and large business assets -- of the United States is $ 82 trillion , according to figures from the Federal Reserve Flow of Funds Account from March 8 , 2012 . Even worse , President Barack Obama and his administration seem to view budgeting as just one more political maneuver . His efforts have been so completely unserious that the President 's 2012 budget was rejected by a vote of 97-0 in the Senate . And three weeks ago , when Rep. Mick Mulvaney , R-South Carolina , sponsored a budget proposal based on Obama 's 2013 budget plan , it lost in the House by a vote of 414-0 . That 's right , not a single member of Congress cast a vote in favor of Obama 's last two budgets . That is a stunning repudiation of his leadership . What it really represents is a total abdication of leadership . Democrats in the Senate have all the votes they need to pass a real budget and show the American people their plan for today and the future . But they refuse , because they do n't want to be held accountable . They would rather cut backroom deals that hide the details of their plans , and then take political pot shots at Republicans who have had the courage to produce and vote for a serious budget . Democrats claim that last year 's Budget Control Act is an adequate substitute for a real budget because it "  deems " spending caps . Obviously , it is not . It is only half the equation . It includes no plan for saving Social Security or Medicare , for reforming taxes , or for ever living within our means . But it does prove that Washington is certainly good at making sure spending continues . Business owners and consumers all over America are watching Washington , shaking their heads in disgust , and holding on to their wallets . These are the people we need to get our economy moving again , but these are the very people that are under assault by Obama and his policies . The Obama administration 's agencies are regulating business to death , limiting the use of America 's domestic energy resources , threatening to punish success by increasing tax burdens , and providing no credible plan for reining in our debt and deficit . As self-defeating as all of these policies have been , not having a credible long-term budget plan might prove to be the most harmful . For the 30 years from 1970 through 1999 , the average borrowing cost of the U.S. government was 5.3 % , according to an analysis made by my staff of figures from the Office of Management and Budget . During that period , the ratio of our debt to our Gross Domestic Product  GDP  averaged 47 % and never exceeded 67 % . We were a far more creditworthy nation back then than we are today . Now our debt-to-GDP ratio exceeds 100 % , and over the last three years , America 's borrowing cost has been kept at an artificially low rate of 1.5 % . How long can that last ? Nobody knows . What we do know is that if our borrowing costs were to revert to the 1970-through-1999 average of 5.3 % , America 's annual interest expense would increase by $ 600 billion -- an amount that equals 50 % of discretionary spending . Out of our $ 3.8 trillion annual budget , only $ 1.3 trillion is discretionary spending subject to appropriation and some level of control . Everything else , roughly $ 2.5 trillion , is mandatory and entitlement spending that is on automatic pilot -- with no requirement to ensure financial solvency of these programs . This is unsustainable . Increased interest expense resulting from higher rates , the true cost of Obamacare , and reduced revenues from slower economic growth caused by uncertainty and lack of confidence , all significantly raise the risk of dramatically higher debt and deficits . Employer surveys by McKinsey , as well as analysis by former Congressional Budget Office Director Holtz-Eakin , show that far more Americans will lose employer-provided care than CBO estimates . Additionally , Congress is unlikely to implement the hundreds of billions in Medicare cuts that are called for in the president 's health care law It is past time for Obama , and his allies in Congress , to show the American people a credible plan to address our looming financial crisis . It is time for Senate Democrats to pass a budget . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ron Johnson	Sen. Ron Johnson notes it 's been three years since the Senate passed a budget He says the president and Sen. Harry Reid are using the budget for political ends Johnson : Democrats are unserious about passing a budget The American people want the economy moving again , Johnson says
CNN  -- North Carolina 's governor says he agreed to repeal a law that allowed inmates to challenge their death sentences on racial grounds because it effectively banned capital punishment in the state . North Carolina legislators barred death sentences "  sought or obtained on the basis of race " in 2009 , when both houses of the state General Assembly were under Democratic control . The , legislation , known as the Racial Justice Act , allowed condemned convicts to use statistical analysis to argue that race played a role in their sentencing . Republicans who took control of the Legislature in 2010 weakened the law last year , overriding a veto by then-Gov . Bev Perdue , a Democrat . Gov. Pat McCrory , a Republican elected in 2012 , followed legislative action and signed its complete repeal Wednesday . "  Nearly every person on death row , regardless of race , has appealed their death sentence under the Racial Justice Act , " McCrory said in a statement Wednesday . "  The state 's district attorneys are nearly unanimous in their bipartisan conclusion that the Racial Justice Act created a judicial loophole to avoid the death penalty and not a path to justice . " The state still allowed capital punishment even while the Racial Justice Act was on the books . But state Democrats said the law resulted in at least four convicts being taken off death row after judges ruled that their sentences resulted from racial bias , with their sentences commuted to life in prison instead . About 53 % of the 153 convicts awaiting execution in North Carolina are black , according to the state Department of Public Safety , while about 40 % are white . African-Americans make up about 22 % of the state 's population , according to Census figures . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	The 2009 law allowed inmates to argue that race played a role in sentences Gov. Pat McCrory said it effectively halted capital punishment in the state Democrats say four condemned convicts had their sentences reduced to life under the law
