Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- At least two prisoners were killed and 14 people wounded Sunday when a riot erupted at a Tikrit , Iraq , prison , police officials in Tikrit said . The wounded included seven prison guards and seven inmates , authorities said . The riot erupted about 3 p.m. Sunday  8 a.m. ET  at the central prison for Salaheddin province , police officials said . Prisoners set fires in cells that hold hundreds of inmates , police said . They said the instigators were from insurgent groups such as al Qaeda , who were planning to escape after creating chaos in the facility . However , two prisoners -- speaking on condition of anonymity to avoid retaliation -- told CNN that the inmates set the fires to protest against ill treatment , poor conditions inside the prison and also against corruption . The families of many prisoners are forced to pay prison officers and guards each month so their relatives will receive better treatment , they alleged . Attempts by CNN to contact police officials in Tikrit to comment on the inmates ' allegations were unsuccessful Sunday night . Corruption is one reason behind widespread protests in recent months in Iraq , part of a larger wave of unrest sweeping the Middle East . Other reasons include unemployment , poor basic services and a lack of freedom . In late February , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki gave government ministers 100 days to deliver results and eliminate corruption or be fired . Tikrit is about 160 kilometers  99 miles  north of Baghdad .	The wounded include guards and inmates , police said The riot occurred at the main prison for Salaheddin province Prisoners say they were protesting bad treatment and corruption
CNN  -- Score one for Obamacare supporters in court on Tuesday . A three-judge appeals panel in Washington unanimously rejected a novel challenge to how the Affordable Care Act took shape in Congress . The court found lawmakers did not violate the Constitution when laying out the so-called individual mandate , which requires most Americans buy health insurance or pay a penalty . An Iowa small business owner and a conservative legal group said the measure was unlawful , arguing it was intended to raise revenue and improperly originated in the Senate . Under the Constitution 's Origination Clause , revenue-raising legislation must begin in the House . Opinion : Gutting Obamacare is playing with lives But the court concluded the challenge did not pass muster -- that the politically-charged law approved with only Democratic support in 2010 was not designed mainly to raise money for the government , but to ensure more Americans got health coverage . "  Today 's decision is disappointing , because it relied on a new and unprecedented distinction to exempt the Obamacare tax from the Constitution 's rules for enacting taxes , " said Timothy Sandefur , principal attorney at the conservative Pacific Legal Foundation . "  We think that 's wrong , and that 's what we 'll be taking to the Supreme Court if necessary , " Sandefur said . The challenge was raised by Matt Sissel , a Cedar Rapids , Iowa , artist , gallery owner and part time National Guard member . He opposes being forced to purchase health insurance under the government mandate . His lawyers argued Senate Democratic leaders pushed a "  shell game " -- taking an unrelated bill that had passed in the GOP-controlled House , removing every word , and replacing it with key parts of the Affordable Care Act , including the individual mandate . Study : Obamacare gave 10 million Americans health insurance A divided Supreme Court , in a blockbuster decision , ruled in 2012 that the law 's individual mandate was constitutional , labeling it a tax . Last week , the D.C. circuit dealt Obamacare supporters an appeals court setback when it limited subsidies and tax breaks available for millions of people who signed up for coverage through a federally-run insurance marketplace . A separate appeals panel in Richmond concluded the exact opposite on the same day -- saying the subsidies were lawful . That conflict likely will land that issue before the Supreme Court in coming months . Conversely , the Sissel challenge now faces a potentially uphill battle for Supreme Court consideration following the appeals decision . Appeals courts differ on Obamacare ; Supreme Court case likely FAQ : What the Obamacare court decisions mean for you Watchdog : Fake applicants got Obamacare subsidies	D.C. appeals panel unanimously rejected challenge to how the health law took shape A key provision , the individual mandate , originated in Senate legislation The law says such consideration should have started in the House , the challengers argued
CNN  -- Cyprus has beaches to stretch out on , ruins to wander and an authentic cheese to chew on . It 's the island of love , or lust -- depending on whether you 're an Aphrodite or Agia Napa fan . But it 's suited to calmer pleasures , too . You can search for its elusive sheep , explore monasteries and mountains or drink an ancient wine . 1 . It 's the original island of love Cypriot legend claims Aphrodite , the Greek goddess of love , was born and rose from the foam  "  afros , " in Greek  near a rock off what 's now Aphrodite 's Beach . Waves breaking over the rock create pillars of foam that islanders say look just like the goddess herself . However , the place name in Greek , Petra tou Romiou  Rock of the Greeks  , has nothing to do with Aphrodite . It 's associated with Greek hero Digenis Akritas , who threw huge rocks at his enemies . Those that missed landed in the sea -- and became tourist attractions . 2 . A whole town has World Heritage status Cyprus is a small island with a vast amount of history . At the end of a stream of souvenir shops in Paphos you 'll find an archaeological site dating to the 4th century BC . But that is n't what makes Paphos historically unique -- the remains of ancient tombs , fortresses and palaces have made the whole town a Unesco World Heritage Site . Paphos is a top international treasure . 3 . It has the world 's oldest wine label To be exact , the Cypriot dessert wine commandaria is recognized as the world 's oldest named wine . Knight crusaders are thought to have named it in the 13th century , but it may have been made for 5,000 years . King Richard the Lionheart of England is said to have been so taken with commandaria that at his wedding he pronounced it "  the wine of kings and the king of wines . " Produced in the fertile high-altitude slopes in the southwest of Cyprus , it has a sweet , herby taste that evokes the island 's aromas . More : 11 places to go in 2014 4 . Carnival is a Dionysian blend Carnival in Cyprus is a unique blend of ancient Greek and later traditions . It 's believed to have begun under Venetian rule in the 16th century , involving masked balls and fancy dress . Earlier celebrations of Dionysus probably lent it a wild edge . In recent times it 's been held in the days preceding Lent and is mainly associated with the city of Limassol . It retains an untamed spirit , kicking off with the gaudily dressed Carnival King riding through town on his carriage . 5 . The ancient tombs are rock solid The Tombs of the Kings are Paphos 's main tourist attraction and an important reasons for the site 's World Heritage listing . Called "  monumental " and "  magnificent " by the UN , the 4th-century-BC resting places are carved from solid rock , complete with Doric pillars . They 're unique in Cyprus because of their peristyle court structure , influenced by Egyptian architecture . In layman 's terms , this means they were built like courtyards with colonnades and roofs . The ancient Egyptians believed the tombs of the dead should resemble the houses of the living . Despite the name , no kings are actually buried here -- only members of high society . The tombs got their name because of their grand appearance . 6 . Its national symbol is a  very shy  sheep It 's the national symbol , but you may never see it . Cyprus 's mouflon is one shy sheep . It was once considered vermin , so you ca n't entirely blame hunters for its demise . By the 1930s there were only 15 mouflon , technically a subspecies of wild sheep , left on the island . But conservation programs mean there are now thousands -- somewhere . A couple of small herds are kept under protection . One is at Stavros tis Psorkas on the west side of the Troodos mountains -- but , even here , the animals keep a low profile . 7 . Cyprus haloumi is the real deal Eat it raw and it squeaks in your teeth , grill or fry it and it 's crispy and gooey -- haloumi cheese is served almost everywhere on Cyprus . It 's typically made from goat 's or sheep 's milk -- sometimes both -- that 's been soaked in brine and mint . Many Cypriot families make it themselves . The United States and the EU have recognized haloumi as a traditional Cypriot product , so officially haloumi is only haloumi if it 's made in Cyprus . 8 . The Roman mosaics are among the world 's best Discovered by accident in 1962 , Paphos 's mosaics once decorated the houses of the island 's most wealthy Roman colonists . Described by the UN as "  extremely rare and rank  ing  among the best examples in the world , " they show great artistic skill but also tell compelling stories . The Four Seasons mosaic in the House of Dionysus  the god of wine  shows winter as a gray-haired old man warming himself up with a drop of vino . 9 . The diving is world class Cyprus has one of the world 's widely acknowledged top 10 wreck diving sites . It 's the wreck of the Zenobia , off the coast of Larnaca . The cargo ship sunk in the 1980s and is still largely intact , with carpets and vending machines rotting on her decks . It 's said the owners never claimed on the insurance . Barracuda and tuna have now made it their home . 10 . Hankies have manifold powers Tie a handkerchief to a tree and who knows what might happen ? Islanders say infertile women can bear children , lost husbands return and family feuds be resolved . A tree at the entrance to the Christian catacombs in Paphos shows ample evidence of this apparently pagan practice . It 's adorned with handkerchiefs , ribbons and votive rags . It 's said if you want your lover to come back to you , attach something that was once his or hers -- even a sock -- to increase your chances . CNN On the Road series often carry sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Legend says Aphrodite , goddess of love , is a Cypriot The island 's national symbol is a sheep -- a very shy one Cyprus is home to what may be the world 's oldest wine Its astounding Roman mosaics are among the best preserved anywhere
Washington  CNN  -- By wading into the issue of an Islamic center and mosque near ground zero , President Barack Obama provided Republicans with an emotion-ridden attack vehicle while diverting attention from campaign themes of fellow Democrats . A senior Republican strategist told CNN that GOP candidates are being encouraged to talk about the issue as much as possible . In Florida , Republican gubernatorial candidate Rick Scott launched a statewide television ad Monday criticizing Obama for backing the right of Muslims to build an Islamic center and mosque two blocks from where the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks killed more than 2,700 people . "  Barack Obama says building a mosque at ground zero is about tolerance , " Scott says in the ad , looking directly into the camera . "  He 's wrong . It 's about truth . " The "  truth , " Scott claims , is this : "  Muslim fanatics murdered thousands of innocent Americans on 9/11 , just yards from the proposed mosque . " "  The fight against terrorism is n't over , " Scott concludes . "  Mr. President , ground zero is the wrong place for a mosque . " Meanwhile , a House Democratic leadership aide said the issue was dominating the political conversation when Democrats need to stress campaign themes such as economic recovery and saving social security . "  We understand why the president would want to talk about this issue , but the timing could n't have been any worse , " the House Democratic leadership aide told CNN . Despite the concerns of Democrats , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada on Monday came out against building the Islamic center and mosque . "  The First Amendment protects freedom of religion . Sen. Reid respects that but thinks that the mosque should be built some place else , " said a statement issued by Reid 's spokesman , Jim Manley . Reid is involved in a tough re-election campaign against conservative Republican Sharron Angle . The statement on the ground zero issue also called for Republicans to back a Democratic bill that would provide health care aid and compensation for firefighters , police officers and other first responders to the 9/11 attacks . For its part , the White House sought to tamp down the discussion Monday . Speaking to reporters , White House spokesman Bill Burton sidestepped a question on Republican strategy and tried to declare the debate over . "  The president did n't do this because of the politics , " Burton said , adding : "  I think that it 's a debate that was had and we 've weighed in . " On Sunday , the topic dominated morning talk shows , with Republicans calling Obama insensitive for supporting the right of Muslims to build the Islamic center so close to ground zero . Some predicted political repercussions for Democrats in November 's congressional election , even though they agreed with Obama that freedom of religion is a vital part of American democracy . "  The Muslims have , as everyone else does , the right to practice their religion and they have the right to construct a mosque at ground zero if they wish , " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " program . "  What I 'm saying , though , is they should listen to public opinion , they should listen to the deep wounds and anguish this is causing to so many good people . " Republican strategist Ed Rollins , a senior political contributor to CNN , summed up the GOP perspective . "  Intellectually , the president may be right , but this is an emotional issue , and people who lost kids , brothers , sisters , fathers , what have you , do not want that mosque in New York , and it 's going to be a big , big issue for Democrats across this country , " Rollins said on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " On the same program , Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine challenged the Republican logic . "  You know , we see an awful lot of Republicans going out and saying we 've got to respect the Constitution , and that means we have to respect it , " Kaine said . "  We ca n't tarnish people 's First Amendment rights . " Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell of Pennsylvania said on the CBS program that the Islamic center issue should n't have political resonance . "  I ca n't imagine that any American -- given the challenges facing this country -- is going to vote based on what he said about the mosque , " Rendell said of the November election . "  The mosque is an unfortunate situation , but we do have a right to practice our religion freely wherever we choose . Rights are not subject to the popular vote or majority vote . " In his speech at a White House dinner Friday marking the start of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan , Obama said Muslims "  have the same right to practice their religion as anyone else in this country . " "  That includes the right to build a place of worship and a community center on private property in lower Manhattan , in accordance with local laws and ordinances , " the president added . The next day , Obama told CNN Chief White House Correspondent Ed Henry that he was "  not commenting on the wisdom " of the project , just the broader principle that the government should treat "  everyone equal , regardless " of religion . His comments were considered by some to backtrack from what he said at the dinner , prompting a White House spokesman to further clarify the president 's remarks later Saturday . Both the topic and Obama ` sneed to clarify his initial remarks evoked criticism from Republicans . Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , told "  FOX News Sunday " that Obama 's stance demonstrated how "  Washington , the White House , the administration , the president himself seems to be disconnected from the mainstream of America . " "  This is sort of the dichotomy that people sense , that they 're being lectured to -- not listened to -- and I think that 's the reason why a lot of people are very upset with Washington , " Cornyn said . On the CNN program , King said Obama 's lack of clarity further muddied the issue . "  If the president was going to get into this , he should have been much more clear , much more precise , and you ca n't be changing your position from day to day on an issue which does go to our Constitution , and it also goes to extreme sensitivity , " King said . Democrats responded that critics fail to distinguish between the al Qaeda terrorists who carried out the 9/11 attacks and the Islam religion , which includes peaceful adherents all over the world , including the United States . "  It is only insensitive if you regard Islam as the culprit as opposed to al Qaeda as the culprit , " Rep. Jerrold Nadler , D-New York , said on the CNN program . "  We were not attacked by all Muslims . ... . There were Muslims killed there . There were Muslims who ran in as first responders to help . " The issue was one of personal rights , not political popularity , Nadler said , adding : "  We do not put the Bill of Rights , we do not put the religious freedom to a vote . " The House Democratic leadership aide lamented that the topic was getting so much attention . "  We were supposed to be talking about Social Security in this coming week , " the aide said , referring to Democratic criticism of Republican calls to privatize the government-run pension program . "  This is a really good issue for us . And instead , we 're talking about the mosque . " Obama 's remarks Friday drew praise from New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who announced his support for the Islamic center last week . Bloomberg compared Obama 's speech to a letter former President George Washington wrote more than two centuries ago in support of a Jewish congregation in Newport , Rhode Island . In the speech , Obama called the 9/11 attacks "  a deeply traumatic event for our country . " "  The pain and suffering experienced by those who lost loved ones is unimaginable , " Obama continued . "  So I understand the emotions that this issue engenders . Ground zero is , indeed , hallowed ground . " The Islamic center 's leaders say they plan to build the $ 100 million , 13-story facility called Cordoba House two blocks from the site of the 9/11 attacks . The developer , Sharif el-Gamal , describes the project as an "  Islamic community center " that would include a 500-seat performing arts center , a lecture hall , a swimming pool , a gym , a culinary school , a restaurant and a prayer space for Muslims . Nearly 70 percent of Americans oppose the plan , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation Poll released Wednesday . CNN 's Mark Preston contributed to this story	NEW : Top Democratic senator opposes a mosque near ground zero NEW : Florida Republican runs a statewide ad on the issue Keep talking about Obama 's stance on the issue , Republicans told Democrats lament the matter is drowning out campaign themes
Police say a Savannah , Georgia , police officer killed a handcuffed , armed man Thursday as the man tried to break out of a patrol car , a shooting that stirred up citizens and prompted the mayor to acknowledge that the community has "  many questions . " The incident occurred shortly after 11 a.m. in the historic coastal city , Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Chief Julie Tolbert said . Tolbert has asked that the Georgia Bureau of Investigation look into the shooting . The GBI , based on its preliminary investigation , says officers arrested 29-year-old Charles Smith on outstanding warrants and handcuffed him behind his back . Smith was put into a police car , where he managed to move his hands to the front of his body , and he kicked out one of the vehicle 's windows , authorities said . "  The officers said , as Smith attempted to exit the patrol car , they saw that he had a firearm , " the GBI said in its statement . "  This encounter resulted in Smith being shot and killed at the scene . " A firearm was later found under Smith 's body , the GBI reported . Dozens of people gathered in a Savannah neighborhood at the shooting scene , which was cordoned off by police tape . Some of them cried and hugged , a few appeared outwardly angry , and a handful carried signs to voice their views , video from CNN affiliate WTOC shows . At one point , many of them -- including some children -- joined hands in a circle . "  The amount of people in the street " spurred the Chatham Emergency Management Agency to send out automatic calls to warn staff and volunteers about a "  potential civil unrest situation , " agency spokeswoman Meredith Ley told CNN . She added that such notifications are standard for times like a parade or a marathon when there 's a situation with "  a large amount of people that could escalate quickly . " Savannah Mayor Edna Branch Jackson said that after talking to "  the victim 's family " and West Savannah residents , she shares "  many of  their  questions " about the incident , concerns she has relayed to police officials . "  When the answers come , we will be open , transparent and forthcoming , " vowed Jackson , who said in a statement that she is "  distressed " about the shooting . "  We will remain in continuous communication with the family . For now , I hope the citizens of Savannah will join me in remaining calm and patient as authorities gather the facts . " Speaking to people congregating in West Savannah , the mayor said : "  This will be cleared up . This will be cleared up . We do n't need anything to happen . And we are going , we are going to keep the family and the community informed of everything that is going on . Now , does that sound fair ? " Tolbert told those gathered that the investigation is "  going to take time . " In the meantime , "  What we are asking you to do is not jump to conclusions , not make rash decisions , not ... do something that will cause you problems . " The GBI pledged it will "  thoroughly investigate this incident to determine exactly what occurred . " That includes an autopsy on Smith to be conducted Friday in Savannah . "  When the investigation is completed , the findings will be turned over to the Eastern Judicial District Attorney 's Office , " the GBI said . David Jannot , a 10-year veteran of the Savannah-Chatham Metropolitan Police Department , has been placed on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation , police said in a statement . The police chief , Tolbert , told reporters that such leave is in line with "  proper protocol . " As to Smith , the man Jannot killed , a friend described him as "  cool people . " "  He was willing to help out , " Joe Strobert told WTOC . "  He was willing . If you ... needed help , he got you . " Father seeks closure in son 's ` Houdini handcuff suicide '	Spokeswoman : Staff , volunteers got calls warning of "  potential civil unrest " Agency : Charles Smith , in handcuffs , was killed after an officer saw he "  had a firearm " People gather near shooting scene afterward , holding up signs and holding hands Police chief tells locals not to do anything "  that will cause you problems "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Identifying the world 's finest airports is easy . Hong Kong International Airport , Singapore 's Changi and Seoul 's Incheon have topped the ranks of airport awards for the last decade . Sitting comfortably ? Not at Delhi 's Indira Gandhi International Airport , ranked by some as one of the worst . These 21st-century airports boast the best shopping , classiest restaurants , as well as features such as indoor pools , orchid gardens , and free wireless Internet . See world 's best airports The world 's worst airports , however , are harder to pin down . It 's a crowded field to choose from and the choice depends on what you class as bad . See our pick of the world 's worst airports " If it 's for danger , then Baghdad International Airport , in the middle of a war zone , should rank pretty high . Lukla airstrip -- gateway to the Mount Everest region in Nepal -- is also a strong contender . Landing involves a hair-raising plummet onto an uphill airstrip cut into the side of a mountain . On takeoff , the airstrip comes to an abrupt end at the edge of a mountain cliff . What do you think is the world 's worst airport ? Sound off below Watch CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee examine what it takes to become Airport of the year in Hong Kong . " In 2007 , TripAdvisor asked travelers to rank airports according to how easy they are to navigate , the cleanliness of the lavatories and parking facilities . Based on these factors , the 2,500 respondents classed London Heathrow and Chicago O'Hare as the world 's most hated . Yet neither of these major hubs appeared in Foreign Policy magazine 's review of the five worst airports , published in 2007 . The list here included the likes of Mineralnye Vody airport in Russia for its feral cats and daggers on sale in the departure lounge . Charles de Gaulle also gains little affection from those that pass through its interminable terminals . As Foreign Policy says , "  visitors to Paris should expect more than the grimy terminals , rude staff , confusing layout , and overpriced food . " Where was your worst airport experience in 2008 ? Which airport do you think is the most dangerous , uncomfortable or aggravating ? Sound Off below We 're also looking for photos and video of your worst airport experiences . Send them to the Business Traveller page on CNN iReport Here 's your chance to grumble .	Travelers rank Hong Kong , Singapore and Seoul airports as the world 's best Which airports are the worst ? Send your photos , videos to iReport Crowded terminals ? Terrifying airstrips ? Rude staff ? Sound off below
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A habitually violent young man was convicted Wednesday of the murder of teenage actor Rob Knox , who had starred in the latest "  Harry Potter " film . The father , brother and mother of Rob Knox pose together after the death of the young actor . Karl Bishop , 22 , attacked Knox and four friends with two kitchen knives outside a bar in Sidcup , south east London , last May . He stabbed them 10 times in less than two minutes , the Old Bailey court in central London heard . Knox , 18 , had rushed out of the bar after he heard that Bishop had threatened his younger brother Jamie but he ended up being stabbed five times , once in a main artery . He died in hospital later that night . Bystanders said Bishop 's face was "  screwed up in rage " as he lashed out with the two knives , the Press Association reported . Days before the attack , the actor had finished filming on "  Harry Potter And The Half-Blood Prince , " due for international release in July , in which he played the role of Marcus Belby . He was set to reprise the part in future "  Harry Potter " films . Knox 's father Colin told mourners at his funeral , including co-star Rupert Grint , that his son had been "  living the dream , " PA said . Prosecutor Brian Altman told the court that the young actor 's promising life was ended by a "  habitual knife carrier " who believed stabbing people was an "  occupational hazard " and had previous convictions for knife crime . Bishop is due to be sentenced on Thursday . Knife crime in Britain is a political hot topic due to a spate of recent killings of mainly young people in major cities . UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown has urged tougher sentences for those caught carrying knives . He told the Daily Telegraph last month : "  By carrying a knife you are not only endangering the lives of others , but you are more likely to be killed , or end up in jail . "  We need to change the way young people think about knives , we need families and communities working together ... to get this message across and help stamp out knife crime and get weapons off our streets . "	Man convicted of murder of teenage actor who starred in new "  Harry Potter " film Karl Bishop , 22 , attacked Rob Knox with 2 knives in southeast London last May Knife crime in Britain is political hot topic due to spate of recent killings
CNN  -- The wife of Singapore 's first prime minister died at her home Saturday at the age of 89 . A private funeral for Kwa Geok Choo will take place next Wednesday , the prime minister 's office said in a statement . She was married to Lee Kuan Yew , who is widely credited with molding Singapore into one of the world 's most prosperous countries . Lee , 87 , was the founding father of the island nation . His son , Lee Hsien Loong , is now Singapore 's prime minister -- the country 's third since it gained independence from Malaysia in 1965 . The elder Lee was admitted to the Singapore General Hospital earlier this week for a chest infection	Kwa Geok Choo died at home at the age of 89 Her husband was Singapore 's first prime minister
CNN  -- A Massachusetts police dog searching for a handgun not only found the weapon but fired it with his paw , a police chief said Sunday . No one was injured when K-9 search dog Ivan discharged a bullet as he indicated the gun 's location , Lawrence Police Chief John Romero told CNN . "  Everyone on the scene was startled , including Ivan , " Romero said with a chuckle . The search for the weapon began after a police officer on patrol early Saturday morning was responding to hearing three gunshots , according to Romero . The officer followed a vehicle , which sped off . A short time later , a passenger in the rear seat exited the vehicle and ran to a nearby snow bank to bury something . The passenger re-entered the vehicle , and the officer stopped it but waited for backup before ordering the three men out of the vehicle , Romero said . After the men exited the vehicle , Ivan 's handler , Essex County Sheriff 's Lt. John Pickles , commanded the dog to search for a gun after a shell casing was found in the backseat of the car , Romero said . Ivan is trained "  to paw " if he finds something . "  I surmise that the snow was there for a week , and it was probably like ice , " Romero said . "  The individual probably was not able to bury it very deep , and he had no time . " After Ivan recovered and fired the weapon , the three men were arrested and charged with possession of a firearm , possession of ammunition , receiving a firearm with a defaced serial number and receiving stolen property , Romero said . The individual believed to have buried the gun was also charged with discharging a firearm within 150 feet of a highway and carrying a firearm without a license . The semiautomatic Ruger was stolen from New Hampshire in October 2012 . As of Sunday , all three were being held in jail and awaiting a Monday arraignment , Romero said . CNN 's Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	A Massachusetts sheriff 's search dog finds and fires a gun "  Everyone on the scene was startled , including Ivan , " police chief says Three men are now charged with firearms violations , police chief says
CNN  -- Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan , a Christian from the south , was sworn-in on Sunday as his country tries to bounce back from violence unleashed last month by an Islamist sect . Boko Haram , an Islamic group that has challenged Nigerian government , is believed to be behind a series of bombings in the wake of Jonathan 's re-election . This will be Jonathan 's first full term ; as vice president , he took over the presidency in May 2010 upon the death of then-President Umaru Yar ` Adua , who had suffered from a heart condition . In keeping with his name , he is regarded as one of the luckiest men in Nigerian politics . Jonathan , 53 , with a degree in zoology , worked as an environmental officer until he entered politics . He ran as deputy governor for Bayelsa state in 2001 -- one of Nigeria 's main oil-producing states in the oil-rich Niger Delta region . After the state governor -- Diepreye Alamieyeseigha -- was indicted by Nigeria 's Economic and Financial Crimes Commission on corruption charges in 2006 , Jonathan was promoted to governor of one of the richest regions in Africa . He is widely regarded as having been hand-picked by then-President Olusegun Obasanjo to run as vice-president with Yar ` Adua in the 2007 national elections . They won what was considered perhaps the most flawed election in Nigerian history . This year 's win by Jonathan , who is from the majority-Christian southern part of the country , sparked violence in the Muslim-dominated north . Explosions in Nigeria 's northeastern state of Borno killed a few and wounded dozens in late April in the days leading up to national governorship elections in attacks that police described as attempts to intimidate voters who had picked Jonathan . Northern Muslims in some areas charged that the presidential election was rigged . Armed protesters in the region took to the streets chanting the name of former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari , the main opposition front-runner . The last election , four years ago , was widely condemned for rampant vote rigging , violence , theft of ballot boxes and intimidation . While this year 's presidential election was marred by violence , reports of underage voting and logistical problems , observers said they considered it an improvement . After he was declared the victor , Jonathan warned that persistent post-election violence could threaten the stability of the country . "  These acts of mayhem are sad reminders of the events which plunged our country into 30 months of an unfortunate civil war , " Jonathan said last week . Jonathan was referring to a period of unrest in the 1960s that spawned a civil war in Nigeria . Nigeria is Africa 's largest oil producer and its most populous nation , with 150 million people . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Jonathan was re-elected in April to his first full term Muslims in some areas claimed election was rigged The president is from predominantly Christian south
CNN  -- Rainstorms and flooding in southern China have killed at least 16 people and left hundreds of thousands homeless , according to state-run media . Residents in Rongcheng , southwest China 's Guangxi region on July 4 . Authorities had sent text messages to more than 1 million people to take precautions in southern China , the Xinhua news agency said Saturday . More than 400,000 residents total were forced from their homes in Fujian , Guangxi Zhuang , Hunan and Jiangxi . At least two people were missing in southeast Fujian Province after downpours that started Wednesday , according to the news agency . The financial damage caused by the rain and flooding -- including damaged homes and crops -- was estimated at $ 35.4 million . Destruction included a flooded reservoir and damaged dike in Luocheng County , where fears of a dam collapse forced evacuations . The storms also disrupted traffic , triggered landslides and cut electricity in various parts of southern China .	Storms disrupted traffic , triggered landslides , cut electricity across southern China Media : Authorities send precautionary text messages to more than 1 million people Financial damage caused by rain , flooding has been estimated at $ 35.4 million
CNN  -- "  7th Heaven " ended its run seven years ago , but the show 's stars are still like family . On Wednesday , Beverley Mitchell , who starred as Lucy Camden during the wholesome drama 's 11-season run , shared a photo on WhoSay of herself dining with most of her fellow cast members . The group , which beamed from ear-to-ear as they stood around a table filled with food and drinks , included Jessica Biel , who played Mary , David Gallagher  Simon  ; Stephen Collins  Rev. Eric Camden  ; Barry Watson  Matt  ; and Catherine Hicks  Annie  . Noticeably absent from the gathering was Mackenzie Rosman , who starred as the Camden family 's youngest daughter , Ruthie . "  Something truly amazing happened last night and my heart is overflowing , " Mitchell said in her WhoSay post . "  Love these peeps more than I can ever explain ! we were just missing Mack ! Feeling so incredibly blessed to have these incredible people in my life !!! #theresnothinglikefamily # 7thheaven #love #blessed " When it premiered in 1996 , "  7th Heaven " helped put The WB on the map , becoming a signature show for the struggling network . Aaron Spelling executive produced the hit series , which followed a minister and his wife dealing with the challenges of raising seven children . All of the cast continues to act , with Mitchell and Hicks most recently starring in the 2014 family film , "  The Dog Who Saved Easter . " Biel , who 's gone on to star in numerous films and is now married to Justin Timberlake , had a high-profile guest role in the season 4 premiere of "  New Girl " on September 16 . The final question on everyone 's minds might be the whereabouts of the Camden family 's dog , Happy . Sadly it seems the mixed terrier , which starred on "  7th Heaven " throughout its 11 seasons , died in 2010 at the age of 15 , according to IMDb . ` Facts of Life ' stars reunite for 35th anniversary	Several "  7th Heaven " cast members recently reunited Actress Beverley Mitchell shared a photo All of the cast has continued to act since "  7th Heaven " ended in 2007
London  CNN  -- Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has again opened the dispute over sovereignty of the Falkland Islands in the South Atlantic , accusing the British government of blatant colonialism . Known to the Argentinians as Las Malvinas , the two countries went to war over the territory in 1982 after the then military government in Argentina landed troops on the islands . In an open letter to British Prime Minister David Cameron and published in British newspapers Thursday , the Argentinian leader said "  Britain , the colonial power , has refused to return the territories to the Argentine Republic , thus preventing it from restoring its territorial integrity . " The British government was swift to respond , insisting that there would be no discussions over sovereignty "  unless and until such as the time as the islanders so wish . " It is the latest in a recent series of incidents that has raised tensions between the two countries . What led to the latest dispute ? The Argentinian president has raised the sovereignty issue several times over the last two years , including a claim at the U.N. , but the dispute made global headlines when Prince William , second in line to the British throne , was deployed on a military mission to the islands in 2012 . The UK also decided to dispatch the new warship HMS Dauntless to the Falklands -- a move that inflamed anger in Argentina which accused Britain of militarizing the South Atlantic . Tensions were raised again in December when the UK renamed a portion of the British Antarctic Territory as Queen Elizabeth Land in honor of the British head of state Queen Elizabeth II . Argentina also has a claim on some of the territory and lodged a protest with the British . Last year also saw a public confrontation between the two countries ' leaders when Fernandez tried to hand a letter to Cameron at the G-20 summit -- a letter he refused to accept -- and there was more bad feeling between the nations ahead of the London 2012 Olympics when Argentina released a video boosting its Olympic team that was filmed on the islands . Where are the Falklands and why are they important ? Located in the South Atlantic Ocean , about 480 kilometers east of the tip of South America , the windswept Falklands have long been coveted as a strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of natural resources . Their remoteness , however , exposed them to neglect and complex wrangling over ownership among British , French , Spanish and Argentinian interests . Argentina 's forerunners formally declared possession in 1820 , prompting Britain to reclaim a sovereignty it originally declared In 1765 . Falklands conflict in photos Despite regular challenges , notably in 1982 , British control has endured and the Falklands ' current population of about 3,000 looks to London to safeguard oil , fishing , farming and tourism incomes . What happened in 1982 ? Documents recently revealed under the UK 's 30-year rule show that the British government was surprised by the Argentinian invasion of the islands on April 2 , 1982 , with the then British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher describing it as "  the worst ... moment of my life . " In evidence given to the Falkland Islands Review Committee in October 1982 , and some months after the war ended , Thatcher said there were no warning signs from Argentina since its 1977 statement saying there would be talks . "  I never , never expected the Argentines to invade the Falklands head-on , " she told the committee . "  It was such a stupid thing to do , as events happened , such a stupid thing even to contemplate doing . " The files also show that Thatcher 's Cabinet was trying to pursue a diplomatic solution to the crisis through the help of then U.S. Secretary of State Alexander Haig , while also preparing a military response . British naval forces were dispatched after Argentinian President Leopoldo Galtieri 's military dictatorship put troops on the Falklands . Soldiers fought land battles on the islands , aircraft were shot down and ships were attacked with significant losses of life -- most notably the Argentinian General Belgrano and Britain 's HMS Sheffield , HMS Antelope and RFA Sir Galahad . Britain declared an end to fighting after 74 days and following the surrender of Argentinian troops . Argentina put its death toll at 645 . Britain 's civil and military losses amounted to 255 . How did the United States and other world powers react ? President Ronald Reagan 's administration declared economic sanctions against Argentina . It also gave its Cold War ally a strategic edge by supplying potent Sidewinder missiles to counter Argentina 's Exocets . At the height of the conflict , a meeting of the world 's biggest economies -- including the UK , U.S. , Germany , Italy , France , Japan and Canada -- backed Britain 's position . Why wo n't the UK give up the islands like it did Hong Kong ? Britain acknowledges its claim to the Falklands is disputed , but has made clear it has no intention of discussing the sovereignty issue with Argentina . Professor Clive Schofield , an expert in maritime territorial disputes at Australia 's University of Wollongong , said last year that there was no comparison to Hong Kong , which Britain returned to Chinese control after expiry of a set lease in 1997 . "  The UK position on the Falklands is that they are under British sovereignty -- they are not leased from anyone , " he said . What has happened to the islands since the end of the war in 1982 ? Spurred by the conflict and stung by accusations of neglect , Britain began taking renewed economic interest in the Falklands . It protected fishing rights and asserted control over oil exploration licenses . It also stepped up its military interests , building a new airfield and bolstering naval , army and air force presences . Images of life in the Falklands Cooperation between Britain and Argentina -- by now an established democracy whose militarist past has left current leaders distrustful of its armed forces -- has improved , but Buenos Aires continued to reject any territorial claim to Las Malvinas other than its own . The Falkland Islanders are due to hold a referendum on their political status on March 10/11 , 2013 . According to the Falklands legislative assembly , the vote is intended to affirm islanders ' desire to remain a self-governing territory of the United Kingdom and to reject claims of ownership by Argentina . So why is the language between London and Buenos Aires so tense now ? Analysts have previously pointed to Argentinian politicians seeking to divert voters from the pain caused by inflation and reduced subsidies on oil , gas and electricity . "  The government is being squeezed from lots of different areas , so one way to distract from the economic problems facing the country is to raise the Malvinas issue , " Professor Mark Jones , an expert in Latin American politics at Rice University in Texas said last year . "  It 's one of the few issues outside football that you can get universal consensus on . " In the UK , Cameron -- a successor to Thatcher as leader of the Conservative Party -- must be seen to defend the principles of his predecessor who mobilized troops to reclaim the islands . British Falklands conflict veteran Simon Weston said : "  It 's not about asserting a claim , it 's about allowing people of the Falklands to have the right to self-determination . " What has Argentina done to bolster its claims ? Regional allies were recruited to the cause at the end of 2011 , with members of the South American Mercosur trading bloc uniting to ban Falklands-flagged vessels from their ports . This is largely "  diplomatic dressing " that will do little to isolate the islands , Professor Roett Riordan , who heads the Latin American program at John Hopkins University in Washington D.C , said last year . Is this really all about oil ? Partly . There is Argentinian resentment of a British oil exploration project launched off the Falklands in 2010 . This has been worsened by Argentina 's recent relegation from exporter to net importer of hydrocarbons . Analysts , however , insist this remains a sideshow to the political traction offered by the Malvinas dispute . How much oil is there ? Press reports say up to 8.3 billion barrels of undersea oil reserves could lie in the Falklands economic zone -- a radius of 320-kilometers around the islands , but despite successful drilling , this quantity is still speculative . The figures are backed by claims from small oil ventures , including Rockhopper and Borders & Southern Petroleum , which are hoping to raise capital for further exploration in fields licensed by the islands ' British-backed government . Attempts to attract investment in the projects has been hampered by the Anglo-Argentinian dispute . Many major oil firms have interests in Argentina and are wary of upsetting Buenos Aires by involving themselves in the Falklands . Also a problem is the considerable cost of extracting deep water reserves from the remote South Atlantic . Professor Alex Kemp , a petroleum economics expert at the University of Aberdeen , described the Falklands oil reserve estimates as "  optimistic , " adding that even if they are proven , the cost of exploiting them could still be prohibitive . "  It 's one thing doing exploration , but when you come to development , we 're talking about bigger volumes of materials and to get that there is expensive because at the moment there 's nothing there -- just sheep farmers , " he said . "  It will take a few 100 million barrels to make it worth it , and there 's a number of ifs and buts before we get there . " Is conflict likely again ? No , say analysts . While there are parallels with the 1980s -- politicians using Anglo-Argentinian tensions to court votes and divert from economic woes at home -- there is little appetite for conflict on either side . Any action is likely to remain in the diplomatic sphere . A former senior British military officer said in early 2012 that UK military cutbacks had left Britain unprepared for another Falklands conflict . Argentina is apparently in a similar state , with a heavily depleted military that experts say would be no match even for Britain 's depleted force . "  Even if Argentina wanted to go to war , they have no military capacity , " Jones said . He said Fernandez 's own antipathy towards the military -- a legacy of her political opposition to Argentina 's former dictatorship -- meant she would be unlikely to support even a maritime blockade of British vessels .	Several countries have disputed Falklands ownership since first recorded landfall in17th century Islands have been coveted as strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of resources Argentina and Britain fought over the islands in 1982 More recently , the Argentinians have accused the British of blatant colonialism
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Nancy Dolman , the wife of actor-comedian Martin Short has died , Short 's representative said . "  Sadly , we can confirm that Martin Short 's wife did pass away , " Camille Kuznetz said Monday . "  We do not have any other comment to make . " No details about the time , location or cause of Dolman 's death were released . The Los Angeles Fire Department responded to a call for emergency medical help at the couple 's Pacific Palisades home Saturday morning , LAFD spokesman Brian Humphrey said . Paramedics did not transport anyone from the home , Humphrey said . The Los Angeles County Coroner 's office had no record of her death , but the office would only be aware if a death was sudden , unexpected or from unnatural causes , a spokesman said . The couple had three children during their 30-year marriage . Dolman , 58 , was a comedic actress and , like Short , a native of Canada . Her acting career included a recurring role on TV 's "  Soap " in the late 1981 , although she soon gave up her acting career to raise her children , according to the Internet Movie Database . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	Martin Short 's representative would not release details of his wife 's death Paramedics were called to the couple 's home for a medical emergency Saturday Short , Nancy Dolman had been married for 30 years and had 3 children
New York  CNN  -- A 25-year-old man was charged with trespassing for jumping out of a monorail car into the Bronx Zoo 's tiger den because he wanted "  to be one " with the animal , police said Saturday . David Villalobos , who is hospitalized in stable condition , said "  his leap was definitely not a suicide attempt , but a desire to be one with the tiger , " according to Paul Browne , the NYPD 's chief spokesman . Villalobos was riding on the zoo 's Wild Asia monorail around 3 p.m. Friday when he jumped out of the rail car , "  clearing the exhibit 's perimeter fence " and landing in the den , according to Bronx Zoo Director Jim Breheny . Villalobos suffered a broken right shoulder , broken rib , collapsed lung , broken ankle , broken pelvis and puncture wounds , according to police spokesman Brian Sessa . He later claimed to have pet one of the tigers before it backed off , Sessa added . The spokesman said Villalobos was charged with trespassing and criminal trespassing . An arraignment has not yet been set . Zoo officials said rescuers used a fire extinguisher to separate the man and the animal . Heeding instructions , Villalobos rolled "  under a hot wire to safety , " and the tiger backed off , Breheny said . The zoo uses so-called hot wires -- or electrically charged cables -- as training tools to keep animals away from such areas as plant beds . If the animal comes into contact with the wire , it feels a small electric shock . Villalobos ' decision to follow instructions and roll under the wire "  probably saved his life , " Breheny told reporters Friday . He was "  conscious and talking " as he was taken by ambulance to Jacobi Medical Center in Bronx , New York . "  I think it 's safe to say that if the tiger really wanted to do harm to this individual he certainly had the time to do it , " Breheny said . "  This is just an extraordinary occurrence that happened because ... somebody was deliberately trying to endanger themselves . " The exhibit is called Tiger Mountain and houses Siberian tigers as well as Malayan tigers , according to the Bronx Zoo 's website . The Bronx Zoo is the city 's flagship park run by the Wildlife Conservation Society .	NEW : The man faces trespassing charges He remains hospitalized in stable condition The man jumped from a monorail car into the Tiger Mountain exhibit Friday
Editor 's note : Joseph Cirincione is president of Ploughshares Fund , a nonprofit organization that makes grants to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons , and the author of "  Bomb Scare : The History and Future of Nuclear Weapons . " He formerly was a senior vice president at the Center for American Progress , a think tank that describes itself as "  progressive , " and was on the staff of the House Armed Services Committee . Joseph Cirincione says Clinton 's trip was the culmination of diplomacy his adminstration began 15 years ago . CNN  -- President Clinton did more than free two unjustly jailed journalists . He jump-started the successful diplomacy he had begun 15 years earlier . In October 2000 , then-Secretary of State Madeleine Albright visited Pyongyang . During Bill Clinton 's presidency , the administration had locked down North Korea 's plutonium production program , which had created enough deadly material for two bombs during the Reagan years . They had stopped all missile tests . They were a few details away from concluding a deal to end these programs completely . But Clinton ran out of time . Enmeshed in Middle East peace talks , Clinton could not get assurances that a presidential visit to North Korea would seal the deal . He passed off the almost completed process to the incoming George W. Bush administration . On March 6 , 2001 , new Secretary of State Colin Powell said , "  We do plan to engage with North Korea to pick up where President Clinton and his administration left off . " But Bush had different ideas . On March 7 , Bush kneecapped Powell . With South Korean President Kim Dae-jung sitting next to him in embarrassed silence , Bush said , "  We look forward to , at some point in the future , having a dialogue with the North Koreans , but any negotiation would require complete verification of the terms of a potential agreement . " The conservative ideologues in the administration froze all discussions with North Korea for an 18-month review . Clinton 's hard-earned diplomatic wins were replaced by the Bush Doctrine , summed up by Vice President Dick Cheney : "  We do n't negotiate with evil ; we defeat it . " The United States would instead overthrow difficult regimes . Serious options for diplomacy with North Korea were set aside . Negotiations were appeasement , the new administration believed , not a tool to advance American security . Then-Undersecretary of State John Bolton said in 2002 and repeats to this day , "  We 're not going to reward their bad behavior . " The strategy backfired . North Korea expanded plutonium production , exploded nuclear bombs , tested new missiles and traded nuclear technology to Syria and possibly Burma . North Korea 's nuclear and missile programs advanced more in the George W. Bush administration then they had in the Reagan , George H.W. Bush and Clinton administrations combined . Whether by accident or design , the Obama administration reset the diplomatic stage . Administration officials largely ignored North Korea for their first eight months in office . Kim Jong Il responded with provocative statements and actions . It almost spiraled out of control . But the Obama administration 's patience -- or just policy drift , we may never know -- paid off . Kim Jong Il 's regime got weaker and more isolated . North Korea 's main partners , China and Russia , turned against it , the U.N. Security Council imposed tough new sanctions , and Kim 's own health deteriorated . Now in a weaker position than at any time in his regime , Kim Jong Il has been on his best behavior for the past few months . This was the time for a power play , and Obama executed perfectly . He chose as his special envoy the most prestigious political figure in America outside the administration . It is a move that was sure to please the North Koreans , showing them the respect they crave , without costing America anything . To capitalize on this breakthrough , the Obama administration must now continue to play large . It should show North Korea what good relations with the United States can lead to . Clinton 's 20 hours in Pyongyang could pave the way for renewed diplomatic efforts , including direct dialogue between the United States and North Korea , the re-freezing of North Korea 's nuclear program and even North Korea 's return to the six-party talks . However , in dealing with the North , actions are more important than words . The Obama administration must seize this moment as an opportunity not only to articulate a plan for North Korean nuclear disarmament but to take concrete steps towards a secure and stable Korean Peninsula . The president should use the momentum Clinton 's trip has generated to unfold a comprehensive , consistent regional security strategy . With this success , Bill Clinton has demonstrated what effective diplomacy looks like . He has shown the former Bush officials what they should have done years ago . He may have convinced senior White House strategists that diplomacy is a political winner , paying dividends across issue areas . Two power players , Obama and Clinton , have together taken a giant step forward , advancing the agenda Clinton began 15 years ago . America is the better for it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joseph Cirincione .	Joseph Cirincione : Clinton administration started outreach to North Korea He says Bush administration cut it off , saying U.S. does n't negotiate with ` evil ' He says Clinton 's successful trip shows effectiveness of diplomacy Cirincione : Obama administration must seize moment for further progress
Washington  CNN  -- Ian Murphy , the online news website editor who duped Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker into taking a prank call by posing as a billionaire conservative activist , told CNN Thursday that Walker is a "  delusional " politician seeking to help wealthy GOP backers . Murphy , editor of the news website "  Buffalo Beast , " posed as business tycoon David Koch while placing a call to Walker 's office . He was able to secure a candid 20-minute conversation with the governor . In a transcript of the conversation on the website , Walker discusses the idea of bringing 14 Democratic state senators -- who left the state to prevent a quorum for discussing the budget bill -- back to the assembly to "  talk , not negotiate , " allow them to recess , and then have the 19 Republican senators declare a quorum . At that point , presumably , the Republican-led Senate would be able to move forward on the controversial legislation , which would end the state 's public union workers ' collective bargaining rights on all matters but salaries and wages . It would also raise the amount they would have to pay into their pensions and health insurance plans . Murphy , posing as Koch , suggested "  planting some troublemakers " among the people protesting the measure in Madison . "  We thought about that , " Walker allegedly replied . The governor also drew an analogy between his standoff with the Wisconsin unions and President Ronald Reagan 's decision to fire striking air traffic controllers in 1981 . "  This is our moment , " he said . "  This is our time to change the course of history . " "  I think  Walker  is truly a right-wing delusional person , " Murphy told CNN . "  He believes in the fairy tale " of conservative economic theory . "  But there 's also got to be another part of him who believes he 'll eventually profit  by breaking the unions  and so will the people who back him -- a la David Koch . " Murphy said he hopes "  the right thing will happen " and "  the unions will come out on top . " "  My entire adult life has seemed like a series of moments where Democrats could have revitalized themselves and taken a stand , " Murphy noted . "  But every time " they 've shifted to the political center "  and lost the opportunity . " As a result , "  the country 's gone further to the right . " Walker confirmed Wednesday that he had been duped by Murphy . But the plan for getting 14 Democrats back into the Capitol to force a quorum on the controversial budget bill is not "  a trick , " he insisted . It is part of a plan he has discussed publicly in the past , he said . "  I take phone calls all the time . " Walker said at a news conference . "  The things I said are the things I 've said publicly all along . The fact of the matter is people have brought up all sorts of different options . " Walker continued : "  In terms of other ways to come on in , it 's not a trick . We 've said it point blank ; come on in and talk about it , I 'm willing to talk about it ... but I ultimately believe it needs to lead to a vote . I do n't think that 's a trick , I think that 's something I 've said time and time again in front of all of you here , and stated very frankly . "  Now , I 'm not going to allow one prank phone call to be a distraction from the reality that we have a job to do , and the job is to debate this bill , and you 're only able to debate it if you 're in the Capitol , focused on the task at hand . " Walker raised the specter of layoffs "  that would affect 1,500 individuals " if the Democratic senators do not return to Madison promptly . Describing the legislation as a necessary precursor to the process of producing a budget that addresses Wisconsin 's $ 3.6 billion deficit , Walker on Wednesday said that if is n't passed by week 's end , or "  we lose out on about $ 165 million in savings " that the bill generates for debt restructuring , it could result in further layoffs . "  For us to lock in those savings , to have that done in anticipation of the budget bill , we need one thing and we need one thing in particular . And that is for those 14 state senators to come back to Wisconsin to debate this bill , to participate in democracy and to allow us to move forward , and to do ultimately the job they were elected to do , " Walker said .	Ian Murphy calls Gov. Walker "  delusional " and a "  right-winger " The blogger poses as a billionaire political activist and calls Walker Walker : "  The things I said are the things I 've said publicly all along " He urges the 14 Democratic senators to come back to the Capitol
CNN  As planets go , Mercury does n't get a lot of love . People spend more time on Google searching for Queen singer Freddy Mercury than planet Mercury ... and Freddie 's been gone for nearly a quarter-century . Not even NASA spends much time there , making it the least-explored inner planet in the solar system . But one question has long perplexed scientists : Why 's the darned thing so dark ? Compared with our own moon , which is about the same size , Mercury reflects much less light . Scientists at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , Brown University and the Planetary Sciences Institute say they may have found the answer : It 's been "  effectively painted black , " in the words of Megan Bruck Syal , a postdoctoral researcher at Lawrence Livermore . Over the eons , the researchers argue in a paper published Monday in the journal Nature Geoscience , microscopic meteorites spawned from carbon-rich comets may have contributed enough dark-hued carbon to reduce the amount of reflected light . The pieces seem to fit together : There 's a lot more carbon dust thrown off from comets close to the sun , where Mercury orbits -- about 50 times as much for Mercury as for our moon , the researchers say . And tests using a big NASA gun made to simulate planetary impacts on a small scale seem to show the theory is plausible , the authors say . "  We show that carbon acts like a stealth darkening agent , " said Peter Schultz , a professor emeritus of geological sciences at Brown University . "  From the standpoint of spectral analysis , it 's like an invisible paint . "	Mercury was "  painted black " by millions of years of micrometeorites , researchers say The research could solve the puzzle of why the planet appears so dark
Former F1 driver Michael Schumacher is no longer in a coma and has been transferred from a hospital in Grenoble , France , where he had been admitted after a skiing accident last year , his management said in a statement Monday . "  Michael has left ... to continue his long phase of rehabilitation , " according to his manager Sabine Kehm . He will continue his recovery at the University hospital in Lausanne , Switzerland . Officials there confirmed that Schumacher was admitted , but gave no further details about his treatment . Schumacher , 45 , suffered severe head trauma in a skiing accident at the French Alps resort of Meribel on December 29 . A seven-time world champion whose F1 career ended in 2012 , Schumacher has been treated in Grenoble since his accident . In early January , a French prosecutor investigating the accident said that speed was not a reason for Schumacher 's fall . His investigative team said it thinks the experienced skier hit a rock hidden beneath the snow while traversing an area between two marked pistes , which catapulted him face first onto another rock . Schumacher ended up 9 meters  30 feet  from the edge of the piste , prosecutor Patrick Quincy said . Footage from a small camera attached to Schumacher 's helmet has been used to help the investigators ' analysis . As in previous statements , Schumacher 's agent asked the media to respect the privacy of the F1 legend 's family . "  The family also wishes to thank all the people who have sent Michael all the many good wishes , " Kehm said . "  We are sure it helped him . For the future we ask for understanding that his further rehabilitation will take place away from the public eye . "	Michael Schumacher transferred to a hospital in Switzerland for rehab Seven-time F1 world champion is no longer in a coma He suffered a severe head injury while skiing in France in late December
CNN  When singer Avril Lavigne went missing from the music scene , there was tons of speculation . Was she pregnant ? In rehab ? Going through a split from her husband , Nickelback front man Chad Kroeger ? Focus on the mystery intensified in December after a fan Twitter account posted a direct message from Lavigne when she solicited prayers , saying she was "  having some health issues . " Now the Canadian singer has revealed to People magazine that she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease . "  I felt like I could n't breathe , I could n't talk , and I could n't move , " she told the magazine . "  I thought I was dying . " Lyme disease : What you should know Lavigne believes that she was bitten by a tick last spring . What followed was months of lightheadedness and lethargy that doctors were initially unable to diagnose . The 30-year-old performer said she recuperated in her Ontario home , where her husband would use tour breaks to care for her and her mother moved in to assist . "  There were definitely times I could n't shower for a full week because I could barely stand , " she told People . "  It felt like having all your life sucked out of you . " Opinion : Why you should be afraid of Lyme disease After her direct message about her health went viral , Lavigne was inundated with concern from fans . "  The get-well messages and videos they sent touched me so deeply , " she said . Now declaring herself "  80 percent better , " Lavigne is releasing a new single this month to support the 2015 Special Olympics and says that being ill was a "  wake-up call " that has given her a new perspective . "  I really just want to enjoy life from here on out , " she said .	The singer had been off the scene for a while She says she was bedridden for months Lavigne was sometimes too weak to shower
New York  CNN  -- By refusing NBC 's offer of a "  Tonight Show " shifted to a post-midnight , post-Jay Leno time slot , host Conan O'Brien has protected the 56-year-old tradition of that program . And he 's also protected the 46-year-old Conan O'Brien . Rejecting NBC 's recent offer was the best move O'Brien could have made -- even if he was forced into it . Had he stayed where he was , he would most likely would have continued to lose in the ratings . Had he accepted a move to an even later time slot , his losses would likely increase . O'Brien laid down his hand Tuesday afternoon and showed his hole cards , in an aggressively pointed way . He delivered a self-penned missive and handed it to Bill Carter of The New York Times , a long-time respected chronicler of the late-night wars . In it , he talked of protecting the legacy of "  The Tonight Show , " a concern that his NBC bosses clearly do not share . O'Brien 's respect for late-night television and its traditions may be more elusive and less common in the future . Like the evening news , late-night TV still attracts millions of viewers , but its stature is far from what it was . When late-night TV reaches water-cooler-conversation status these days , it 's via the Web , not same-night viewing . What do you think about NBC 's late-night conundrum ? NBC , which announced years ago it would hand the reins of "  The Tonight Show " from Leno to O'Brien , was hoping for an orderly transition . It wanted to avoid , at all costs , the public and uncomfortable turf war that had David Letterman and Leno vying for Johnny Carson 's throne as it was being vacated in 1992 . Yet by trying to have its cake and eat it too -- giving Leno a prime-time platform each weeknight in "  The Jay Leno Show , " which premiered in September -- NBC had months ago set in motion a series of disastrous decisions that makes the Leno-Letterman skirmish seem like a bear hug . Even before Leno 's new series premiered , O'Brien had failed , in one measure , as host of "  The Tonight Show . " The long-established ratings lead , which Leno had enjoyed since shortly after Letterman jumped ship to CBS , vanished . And once Leno hit prime time and began hemorrhaging viewers , things only got worse -- for prime time , for the NBC affiliates and their weakened late-news operations and for O'Brien himself . The only good decision NBC has made in this entire process has been to reverse its own decision to put Leno on weeknights in prime time in the first place . There , Leno delivered a program that seemed as cheap as the price tag , and viewers , after sampling a few editions , abandoned it by the millions . But even then , the network most likely would not have pulled him from that spot unless the affiliates had threatened an outright mutiny .  To NBC , the program was much less expensive to produce than a clump of one-hour dramas . Yet NBC , rather than admit to a bad idea or two , made a third , by promising Leno a return to late-night at 11:35 p.m. in exchange for canceling the prime-time "  Jay Leno Show . " This meant either "  The Tonight Show , " under O'Brien , would be relegated to a 12:05 a.m. start or O'Brien would quit , opening the way for Leno to regain not just his old time slot , but his old job . O'Brien has pushed it back in NBC 's face , saying he wo n't accept the move to post-midnight . Freed from NBC , O'Brien would be able to reinvent himself , take his time , call his next shot . So unless NBC repeals its offer to Leno , that 's it . "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " will rise again . But will the ratings ? With Leno a prime-time loser , and a "  Tonight Show " usurper , that 's the latest , biggest question . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Bianculli .	David Bianculli says Conan O'Brien protected himself by shunning NBC time shift He says bad NBC decisions , O'Brien 's own poor ratings led him to fail at hosting gig Dropping Jay Leno 's prime-time show was network 's one smart call , he says Bianculli : O'Brien has forced NBC 's hand : repeal offer or return Leno to "  Tonight Show "
CNN  -- Police gunned down John Crawford , 22 , in a Walmart in Beavercreek , Ohio , on August 4 . Recently released surveillance video , synced with a recording of the 911 call , reveals the blatant dishonesty and falsehoods that led to his death as he talked on his cellphone in the pet aisle , casually holding a pellet gun that he had picked up from a shelf in the store . That a young black man was shot to death by police is nothing new . It was simply caught on tape this time . In the 911 call , we hear Ronald Ritchie repeatedly telling the operator that Crawford is pointing "  a gun " at people . At one point , he tells the operator that Crawford is "  loading it right now " and that "  he just pointed it at , like , two children . " Ritchie told the media that Crawford "  was just waving it -LSB- a gun -RSB- at children and people . ... . I could n't hear anything that he was saying . I 'm thinking that he is either going to rob the place or he 's there to shoot somebody else . " The man looked kind of serious , Ritchie said . "  He did n't really want to be looked at and when people did look at him , he was pointing the gun at them . He was pointing at people . Children walking by . " At no point in the surveillance video did Crawford point the air rifle at anyone . He did not "  load it . " And when police encountered Crawford , they shot him almost immediately . What happened to John Crawford has happened to many black men in the past , killed for their hands ' terrifying proximity to a wallet , or a cellphone or a pocket . This , combined with prevailing racist narratives and practices , can quickly transform "  black man " into "  armed and dangerous killer . " Ritchie dialed 911 and his statements did not reflect the truth . He 's old enough to know white imagination often trumps black truth . Ritchie had plenty of time on his 911 call to tell the story accurately . John Crawford , on the other hand , had no time to think , let alone form a complete sentence in his defense . Deliberately "  making false alarms " is a crime under Ohio law , punishable by a fine or jail sentence . But Ritchie has not been charged with anything . Even with videotaped evidence of police destroying black people , many freedom-loving Americans remain unconvinced of a systemic problem . Maybe some day the perfect tape will be released , one in which the dead or maimed African American has just the right wardrobe , complexion , size and diction to warrant empathy . For centuries , certain white civilians and members of law enforcement have used the privileged presumption of decency afforded them to cast aspersions on black people . Such aspersions are deadly for African Americans . Crawford 's fate is one few white people will ever fear or experience , particularly in a brightly lit Walmart . In Ohio , it 's legal to openly carry a gun , yet John Crawford was killed for openly carrying a toy . John Crawford was not in the streets . He was in one of the nation 's largest toy and gun retailers . If we 're in a toy and gun store , and I 'm holding what could be either , is n't it at least plausible I 'm a customer ? If you swing by the barbecue grill section and pick up a grilling fork and lighter fluid , you do n't magically become a knife-wielding arsonist . Kids grab toy guns from the shelves and act out gun fights in the aisles all the time . They are never gunned down by the guys from "  Call of Duty . " Let 's be practical . We 've all seen something that , at first glance , looked a little sketchy . Maybe a lady leaves her bag on the train . You could immediately yell "  Bomb ! " -- but that would be hasty and irresponsible . You could get the woman 's attention , or tell other people , or notify the conductor , or call in a suspicious package . What you can not do is call 911 and say she 's strapping on bombs to kill little kids . Officers are paid to assess situations and act in the interest of the law and public safety . Being a police officer can be very dangerous . Incidentally , so can being black in America . Time and time again , when law enforcement engages African Americans , they skip the protocol and get right to the violence . If police know Crawford has a "  gun " based on Ritchie 's call , they also know he 's alone and cornered . They know John Crawford can hear , as evidenced by his ongoing phone conversation . Police are really good at announcing themselves -- unseen and at a safe distance . Maybe from a few aisles away , they could have said : "  Drop the weapon , kick it toward my voice and get on the floor ! " Instead , they ran up on him unannounced , shouting and shooting like maniacs . Of course you would be as startled and terrified as John was in that incomprehensibly brief moment ; suddenly under siege from big , armed , yelling , faceless figures charging and shooting him . The tape reveals a young father racked with horror , confusion and pain , as the very people sworn to protect him , snatch his life . No indictment in police shooting death of Ohio man carrying air rifle You ca n't startle the hell out of an unsuspecting American who 's committed no crime , then shoot him to death for being startled . Or can you ? Once again , our "  justice system " reviewed the evidence before it and determined that the shooting was justified . Historically , the justifications for similarly motivated homicides have essentially been the same : He looked at a white woman . He was running . He was wearing a hoodie . He was a teenager playing his personal music preference at a high volume . He was big . He was wounded , delirious and terrified after a car accident . He was lying face down with his hands cuffed behind his back . He fit the "  so called " description . He was holding his wallet . She was seeking help after an accident . He was walking slowly . He was walking fast . He was walking . He was standing . There is no moral or legal justification for Crawford 's death at 22 . Opinion : How Walmart can help confront racism Now , many of your experiences with police may have been associated with respect , fairness and decency . Mine have not . But that should n't influence our ability to interpret the evidence . We must acknowledge that for a significant portion of the American population , fairness and decency at the hands of the law , police or the courts is not the reality . This is not hyperbole . African Americans in particular have witnessed or been victim to disproportionate police violence and abuse -- sometimes to the point of death . Watching cops harass or unlawfully detain , demean , choke or taunt people is not only real for some people of color , it is routine . We 're tired of being told we 're seeing ghosts . If you care to look , the data is perfectly visible . And we need your help . The existence of your neighbor 's pain is not dependent upon your belief in it . And we can not improve a situation that we do n't acknowledge . Learning from patterns is both basic and critical to the progress of human "  civilization . " We must stop reflexively dismissing our nation 's shortcomings by telling oppressed people what America does and does not stand for . I assure you , they are well aware .	Police fatally shot John Crawford , a young black man holding an air rifle , in a Walmart Jesse Williams : 911 caller wrong when he said Crawford was pointing and loading "  gun " Williams : Crawford 's killing once again shows racist assumptions about black men Williams : Data show cops shoot first , ask later when it comes to blacks , an injustice to all
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The most memorable moment of the 52nd annual Grammy Awards on Sunday may be the onstage appearance of Michael Jackson 's two eldest children to accept their father 's lifetime achievement award . "  To all his songs , his message was simple , love , " 12-year-old Prince Michael said . "  We will continue to spread his message and help the world . " With a voice that sounded more mature than his age , he then thanked "  God for watching over us these last seven months and our grandma and grandpa for their love and support . " Paris , 11 , then spoke : "  Daddy was supposed to be here . Daddy was going to perform last year . Thank you . We love you Daddy . " Prince Michael and Paris , along with several cousins , wore black suits with red stripes on their pants , and red armbands . The children appeared after a rousing performance of Michael Jackson 's "  Earth Song , " with a recording of Jackson accompanied by live performances from Celine Dion , Usher , Carrie Underwood , Smokey Robinson and Jennifer Hudson . Grammy producers used the head-to-head competition between Beyonce and Taylor Swift to lure viewers to stay tuned through the three-and-a-half hour telecast . List : Major Grammy winners Swift got the biggest Grammy of the night , album of the year , for "  Fearless . " "  I just hope that you know how much this means to me , " she said in her acceptance speech . "  Our families are freaking out in their living rooms . " Swift also won best country album . She won four Grammys overall . Beyonce won a pair of Grammys over Swift , including for best female pop vocal performance . Beyonce carried home six Grammys , including one in the major category of song of the year . That honor , a songwriters ' award , was given to Beyonce for co-writing "  Single Ladies  Put a Ring on It  . " For the best female pop honor , won for "  Halo , " the nervous singer thanked her family , "  including my husband -- I love you . " Beyonce is married to hip-hop star Jay-Z . Gallery : Red-carpet arrivals Alternative rock band Kings of Leon upset favorites Beyonce and Swift to win the record of the year Grammy for "  Use Somebody . " The win gave the Kings of Leon three Grammys out of four nominations this year , all thanks to last year 's "  Only by the Night " album . The same album gave them three nominations last year , one of which they won . "  Use Somebody " lost out earlier in the show to Beyonce 's "  Single Ladies " for song of the year . "  The best thing about winning Grammys is really it 's the first time our family gets to see the success we 're having , " Kings lead singer Caleb Followill said backstage . "  We 're getting my mom wasted . " What do you think about the Grammys ? Other triple Grammy winners were The Black Eyed Peas and Jay-Z . Winners also included Stephen Colbert , the Zac Brown Band and Green Day . The Zac Brown Band won best new artist . Lady Gaga , considered by many to be this year 's biggest breakout act , was ruled ineligible because she had a song released and nominated last year . Behind-the-scenes : Our Marquee blog Stephen Colbert won best comedy album for "  A Colbert Christmas : The Greatest Gift of All ! " Rap/sung collaboration went to Jay-Z , Rihanna and Kanye West . Green Day won best rock album . "  Now I 'm going to do shots with Kings of Leon , " Green Day 's Billie Joe Armstrong said . Lady Gaga , whose performance opened the show , won two Grammys presented in the pre-telecast . Her single "  Poker Face " beat out songs by the Black Eyed Peas , Madonna and Britney Spears in the best dance recording category . Her CD "  The Fame " also won a Grammy for best electronic/dance . CNN 's KJ Matthews and David Daniels contributed to this report .	Taylor Swift wins album of the year , four Grammys total Beyonce wins six Grammys , including song of the year Jackson children Prince Michael and Paris accept lifetime achievement award Kings of Leon 's "  Use Somebody " wins record of the year
CNN  As Tamir Rice 's 14-year-old sister rushed to her brother 's side upon learning he 'd been shot , police officers "  tackled " her , handcuffed her and placed her in a squad car with the Cleveland officer who shot Tamir , her mother and a Rice family attorney told reporters Monday . The mother , Samaria Rice , was threatened with arrest herself as she "  went charging and yelling at police " because they would n't let her run to her son 's aid , she said . Speaking at a Baptist church in Cleveland , Rice recalled how a seemingly normal November 22 morphed into tragedy as two Cleveland police officers pulled up to her son outside a recreation center across the street from her home . Within two seconds of exiting the police car , Officer Timothy Loehmann gunned down Tamir , 12 . The boy died the next day . Tamir was playing with a pellet gun , and a witness who saw "  a guy with a pistol " told 911 twice that it was "  probably " fake but that Tamir was scaring people . It does n't appear the 911 dispatcher relayed the information to Officers Loehmann , 26 , and Frank Garmback , 46 . Police have said that Loehmann , who has been criticized for his policing in the past , opened fire after Tamir reached for the gun in his waistband and that an orange tip indicating the gun was a toy had been removed . Rice said she did n't allow her son to play with toy guns , explaining that one of his friends had given it to him . The boy 's mother recalled Monday how she got the news that the youngest of her four children had been shot . "  Two little boys came and knocked on my door and said , ` Police officers just shot your son twice in the stomach , ' " she said . At first , she did n't believe them but quickly realized they were telling the truth . "  I really thought they was playing , like joking around , but I saw the seriousness in their face , and it scared me , " she said . She ran to the scene , admittedly frantic , and arrived at the same time as an ambulance . Officers would n't let her check on her son , she said , "  and then I saw my daughter in the back of a police car , the same one the shooter got out of . " Family attorney Walter Madison said police placed Tamir 's sister in the car with Loehmann . Samaria Rice said she calmed down and asked police to release her daughter . They told her no , she said . Not only would they not release her daughter , but later , she said , they made her choose : Stay with her daughter or accompany her son to a hospital . She chose the latter but was told she could n't ride in the back of the ambulance with her son , so she rode in the front seat on the way to the hospital , she said . "  The treatment of the family is unacceptable , " said Councilman Jeffrey Johnson , who appeared alongside the family at the news conference . "  It just shows the lack of training when we shackle a grieving sister , threaten a grieving mother and not even take care of a child lying on the ground . " Cleveland police declined to discuss the family 's allegations . Detective Jennifer Ciaccia told CNN , "  We 're really not commenting further at this point . " In a lawsuit filed last week against the city and the two officers , the family says Loehmann and Garmback "  refused to provide any medical attention to Tamir for at least four minutes as he lay on the ground alive and bleeding . " Cleveland police Chief Calvin Williams has previously said that four minutes after Tamir was shot , a detective and FBI agent arrived and the FBI agent administered first aid . Paramedics arrived three minutes later , the chief said . Attorney Benjamin Crump said the Rice family is "  very distrustful " of the justice system , and in light of the grand jury rulings in the Michael Brown and Eric Garner cases , is demanding a transparent investigation . In contrast to the Brown and Garner cases , the family also wants the officers -- who are on paid leave -- charged before a grand jury hears the case , said Crump , who also represents the Brown family . "  There is nothing written anywhere in the law that says police officers are to be treated differently from any other citizen , " Crump said . "  We can not have children playing cops and robbers on a playground and police officers coming and claiming their lives . " Tamir was by himself in a gazebo when Garmback and Loehmann pulled onto the grass alongside the gazebo and got out of their car . From the dispatcher 's failure to relay the report that the gun was probably fake to the haste with which Loehmann shot the sixth-grader , Crump said "  several things were done inappropriately , " which is sufficient probable cause to charge the policemen . The family attorneys also called for the ouster of Safety Director Michael McGrath and Martin Flask , executive assistant to the mayor -- a call echoing one by Councilman Johnson , who asked for their resignations in a Cleveland newspaper last week after a Justice Department report that said Cleveland police had a pattern of excessive force . The family 's primary objective , Crump said , is to "  hold the killer of their child accountable . " "  Tamir was a bright child . He had a promising future , " his mother said , explaining that he was a talented artist , drummer and athlete . Asked what would represent justice in her eyes , Samaria Rice replied , "  I 'm actually looking for a conviction . "	Tamir Rice ' s mother said police threatened her when she arrived at scene of son 's shooting Tamir , 12 , was shot when , police say , he reached for a toy gun in his waistband in November Mother tells reporters how two little boys delivered the news that police had shot Tamir Attorneys urge Cleveland to charge police , not follow Brown , Garner grand jury models
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Soccer fans have never been shy about expressing their opinions , but this year 's World Cup in South Africa -- which will be the first of the "  social media age " according to many -- may see record levels of global interactivity . Sites such as Facebook , Twitter and YouTube were in their infancy in 2006 , when the last World Cup took place in Germany , but have since exploded in popularity . Social media now connects millions around the world -- 50 million tweets are sent daily while Facebook boasts more than 400 million active users -- a development that will allow fans separated by distance to celebrate goals or critique referee decisions together online . "  Football is the world 's biggest sport , so the world will practically stop for the month of the World Cup , " Matt Stone , head of new media for world soccer 's governing body FIFA , told CNN . "  There will be so much more media consumed , used and published in 2010 than in 2006 . Social media can bring fans closer together and give fans more opportunity to communicate with each other , " he added . FIFA has its own social-networking service on FIFA.com -- called "  The Club " -- which has 1.6 million members , but the organization is about to make a bigger push into social media . Stone said that Facebook Connect , which allows Web sites to be shared on Facebook , will be incorporated into FIFA.com and that FIFA plans to launch official Twitter accounts for the World Cup too . Stone would not give specifics but he said the accounts may include tweets from people in the "  top echelons " of FIFA . Could that mean tweets from FIFA president Sepp Blatter himself ? Stone would n't say , but he promised some "  exciting announcements in May . " Regardless of who does the tweeting for FIFA , expect to see a lot of tweets flying back and forth between fans when the action starts on June 11 . The match between the United States and England on the tournament 's second day should be particularly fun to monitor on Twitter . "  Our notion is that -LSB- the World Cup -RSB- will eclipse everything we have seen so far -LSB- on Twitter -RSB- including the U.S. election , the Oscars or the Super Bowl , simply because it is so international , " Robin Sloan , a Twitter employee that works on media partnerships , told CNN . Sloan suspects that during the month-long tournament , terms related to the World Cup will rank highly among the service 's "  Trending Topics , " a measure of the most popular discussions on Twitter . And during the last few days of the tournament , he expects World Cup discussion to "  absolutely take over Twitter . " So far , many fans have been using the Twitter hash tag #WC2010 when they tweet about the World Cup . Although Twitter is based in the U.S. , where soccer is not as popular in other parts of the world , the service is seeing its fastest growth outside of America , Sloan said . The service is now available in six languages , there are plans to add more , and a recent report found that only half of all tweets are in English . Twitter is also striking deals with mobile providers in other countries so that it is free for subscribers to send and receive tweets on their phones . Sloan said this is particularly important in countries such as South Africa , where access to computers and smart phones is limited . And it wo n't be just fans tweeting about the World Cup . Several top players including Brazil star Kaka and Landon Donovan of the U.S. are active on Twitter . Stone said FIFA has issued guidelines that players should not tweet from inside the World Cup stadiums , and it is up to individual nations to impose further restrictions . Already , England coach Fabio Capello has reportedly banned his players from posting to Twitter or Facebook during the World Cup . When there is a great goal , or a controversial penalty , fans will likely turn to video sharing site YouTube to watch the watch plays , create parody or "  mashup " videos and record their own reactions . "  Things like the World Cup really excite us because we see a level of engagement and interaction beyond what we normally see , " YouTube 's sports manager Andrew Bangs told CNN . "  Within minutes of the World Cup starting , we will certainly see thousands and thousands of uploads about the World Cup . " In 2006 , after French player Zinedine Zidane head-butted Marco Materazzi of Italy , hundreds of videos parodying the play were posted on YouTube . Some videos placed Zidane in a video game while others showed him in well-known movie scenes . YouTube 's popularity has surged since 2006 thanks in part to the advent of inexpensive video cameras and cell phones that can record and instantly upload video to the Web . Bangs predicts there will be more mashups and parodies during the World Cup as well as videos examining the political implications of an African nation hosting the tournament for the first time . He also says there will be lots of videos where fans put the camera on top of their television and record themselves reacting to a goal or red card decision , a relatively new phenomenon . "  We will see no limit to the uses and creativity that emerge around the World Cup , " Bangs said . Be sure to follow @WorldCupCNN on Twitter for all the latest World Cup news and information .	FIFA has social-networking service called "  The Club " with 1.6 million members " -LSB- The World Cup -RSB- will eclipse everything we have seen so far " -- Twitter "  Within minutes of the World Cup starting , we will see thousands of uploads " -- YouTube
CNN  -- The religious leader behind plans to erect an Islamic center and mosque a few blocks from New York 's ground zero said Wednesday night that America 's national security depends on how it handles the controversy . "  If we move from that location , the story will be the radicals have taken over the discourse , " Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien on "  Larry King Live . " "  The headlines in the Muslim world will be that Islam is under attack . " The imam , who repeatedly said his mission was to promote peace and build a bridge among faiths , said he was also speaking about "  radicals " on both sides of the debate on the Islamic center . "  Our national security now hinges on how we negotiate this , how we speak about it . " "  The battlefront is between moderates of all sides ... and the radicals on all sides , " he said . Moving the project to another location would strengthen Islamist radicals ' ability to recruit followers and will likely increase violence against Americans , the imam said . Rauf said that "  nothing is off the table " when asked whether he would consider moving the site . "  We are consulting , talking to various people about how to do this so that we negotiate the best and safest option . " The imam told O'Brien "  had I known -LSB- the controversy -RSB- would happen we certainly would never have done this . " Asked if he meant he would not have picked the location , Rauf said , "  we would not have done something that would create more divisiveness . " Worry over what some observers have termed "  Islamophobia " has been heightened by a Gainesville , Florida , church 's plan to burn copies of the Quran on Saturday , the ninth anniversary of the 2001 attacks on New York and Washington . Rauf said he hopes the church reconsiders . "  It is something that is not the right thing to do . " "  With freedom comes responsibility , " he said . "  This is dangerous to our national security and is also the un-Christian thing to do . ... Jesus said to love your enemy . We are not your enemy . " Responding to a poll showing 71 percent of New Yorkers oppose the center 's location , Rauf he was going on television to explain his background and vision . "  I want to show them my face . Show them my track record . " The imam spoke of "  a vision I 've had for almost 15 years ... to establish a space that embodies the fundamental beliefs that we have as Jews , Christians and Muslims , which is to love our God and to love our neighbor -- to build a space where we have a culture of worship . " Rauf said he would continue speaking with families of those killed in the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  You can not heal a trauma by walking away from it , " he said . Opposition goes against "  the fundamental American principle of separation of church and state , " said Rauf , adding he has been surprised by the controversy . The project , known as Park51 , is slated to include a variety of facilities , including a prayer room , a performing arts center , gym , swimming pool and other public spaces . It is planned for a site two blocks from the World Trade Center . A source familiar with Park51 told CNN 's Allan Chernoff last week that the structure is being planned as an 11-story building . It will cover 120,000 square feet -- 10,000 feet of which would be designated for the Muslim prayer space . The developer is considering the possibility of an interfaith education/meditation/prayer space as well , the source said . Opponents of the plan to build the center say it is too close to the site of the terror attacks and is an affront to the memory of those who died in the al Qaeda strike . Backers cite , among other things , First Amendment rights and the need to express religious tolerance . Those who know Rauf describe him as a thoughtful man , a bridge builder who seeks to unite all faiths but who wo n't parse words when he sees religion used for nefarious ends . But he has landed in controversy before . He has chided the U.S. for killing civilians in Baghdad . He said in 2005 that the U.S. had more Muslim blood on its hands than "  al Qaeda has on its hands of innocent non-Muslims . " He has refused to accept Western governments ' designation of Hamas as a terrorist group . Shortly after the 9/11 attacks , he told CBS ' "  60 Minutes " that "  United States policies were an accessory to the crime . " Earlier this week , Rauf wrote a commentary published online by the New York Times . "  I have been struck by how the controversy has riveted the attention of Americans , as well as nearly everyone I met in my travels , " Rauf wrote . "  We have all been awed by how inflamed and emotional the issue of the proposed community center has become , " wrote Rauf , who had just returned from a State Department-sponsored Middle East trip to promote U.S.-Muslim relations . "  The level of attention reflects the degree to which people care about the very American values under debate : recognition of the rights of others , tolerance and freedom of worship . " Soledad O'Brien is the host of CNN 's "  In America " series that covers untold stories in underreported communities .	NEW : Imam says he is open to considering other locations NEW : Feisal Abdul Rauf says a church 's plans to burn Qurans are ` un-Christian ' NEW : He says if he had foreseen controversy "  we certainly would never have done this " Critics say the center and mosque should not be built close to the World Trade Center site
CNN  -- Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has sent a letter to the National Basketball Association telling the league he wo n't pay his $ 2.5 million fine and rejecting his lifetime ban , a source close to the situation said Friday . The letter also threatens the NBA with a lawsuit if Sterling 's punishment for making racist remarks , handed down by NBA Commissioner Adam Silver in April , is not rescinded , the source said . "  We reject your demand for payment , " the letter says , according to Sports Illustrated . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's "  AC 360 " this week , Sterling repeatedly denied he is a racist despite remarks made in a private conversation with his friend V. Stiviano that were released online . In the recording , which drew widespread condemnation from fans , players and the league after it appeared on TMZ , Sterling chastises Stiviano for posting pictures online of her posing with African-Americans , including NBA legend Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . He tells her not to bring Johnson to Clippers games . "  Admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put  Magic  on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me , " he said . "  In your lousy f ** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " he said during a different portion of the recording . Sterling said he was baited into saying those remarks . Silver and the league moved quickly , announcing the punishment three days after the recordings were released . "  I 'm apologizing , and I 'm asking for forgiveness , " Sterling told Cooper . "  Am I entitled to one mistake ? After 35 years . I mean , I love my league , I love my partners . ... It 's a terrible mistake , and I 'll never do it again . " The league 's 29 other owners have taken the initial steps to force Sterling to sell the franchise he has owned for 33 years , with an advisory committee meeting three times so far . Sterling 's estranged wife , Shelly , has said she wants to keep her 50 % ownership in the team , which is through a family trust . The NBA last week tapped Dick Parsons , a former chairman of Citigroup and Time Warner , to be the team 's interim chief executive . Sterling has hired Maxwell Blecher , an antitrust lawyer , to represent him with the NBA , Sports Illustrated and USA Today reported . Blecher represented the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in its lawsuit victory against the NFL that allowed the Raiders to move to the city from Oakland without approval from other owners before the 1982 season . The Raiders returned in 1995 . According to a 1982 Washington Post article , Blecher also represented Sterling when the Clippers owner wanted to move the team from San Diego to Los Angeles . The NBA fined the franchise $ 25 million when he did so in 1984 , but Sterling sued until the league reduced the fine , according to multiple media reports . CNN reached out to Blecher and the NBA on Thursday night but did n't hear back immediately . Blecher reportedly argued that Sterling was being denied due process rights and he had n't violated the NBA constitution . The Clippers ' turbulent season ended late Thursday in a 104-98 loss to Oklahoma City . The Thunder won the series four games to two . At a post-game news conference , Clippers coach Doc Rivers said he did n't think the team could use the controversy surrounding their owner as an excuse for bowing out of the playoffs . "  Obviously , it 's nothing that anybody wants to go through -- nothing I want to go through -- but overall , I thought our fan base , I thought the city , and I thought our guys really hung in there ... very proud of them , " Rivers said . "  None of us signed on for this , but this is what happened . " Clippers point guard Chris Paul was in no mood about Sterling after the game . "  That 's the least of our worries right now is him . We just lost the damn series , " he said . "  That 's the last thing on our mind . We gave him too much attention as it is . "	Source : Sterling says he 'll sue NBA if he 's punished The longtime Clippers owner is banned from team operations , facilities He also owes a $ 2.5 million fine His lawyer has successfully sued the NFL before
CNN  -- Once thought to be a leading reformer inside the Libyan government , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi has emerged as one of his father 's most-visible defenders . Saif , 38 , has never lived a day in which his father Moammar did n't rule Libya -- as its undisputed leader inside the country and an enigmatic , controversial voice for the world . And yet , as the Libyan government faced a stiff popular uprising , it was Moammar Gadhafi 's second eldest son -- and not the Leader of the Revolution himself -- who was first to talk to the nation about the unrest and detail a plan to address it . In early March Saif made it known his feeling about outside intervention into the unrest in Libya . "  We 're not afraid of the America fleet , NATO , France . You people , this is our country . We live here , we die here . We will never , ever surrender to those terrorists . Libyan nation is so united now . We are so strong , " he said . That was March . This is now . And still , Saif 's name makes front-page news . Citing unnamed British government sources , the Guardian newspaper reported Friday that a senior adviser to Saif -- Mohammed Ismael -- was in London for secret talks with British officials . Ismael told CNN earlier this week that he would be traveling to London for family reasons . Calls placed to his mobile phone were not answered Friday . But Guma El-Gamaty , a leader of the Libyan opposition , said Ismael 's visit was anything but personal . "  Our sources from Tripoli tell us that Saif has sent Mohammed Ismael to London with a specific offer . The offer is that Colonel Gadhafi will go into retirement , inside Libya , perhaps in his town of Sirte or Sabha in the south and Saif will take over and oversee some sort of reforms , " he told CNN 's Becky Anderson . Asked about the Guardian report , a British Foreign Office spokesman neither confirmed nor denied it . "  We are not going to provide running commentary on our contacts with Libyan officials , " the spokesman said . "  In any contact that we do have , we make it clear that Gadhafi has to go . " Meanwhile , sources close to Gadhafi have told CNN that any transition in Libya would involve his son , Saif , who has long been seen as a possible successor to his father . Saif has denied any such desire , but others were interested in the idea for some time because he was considered more modern in his thinking , even reform minded by many Libya watchers . But that was before his recent and very public vows to fight to the "  last bullet . " Among his relatives , Saif was seen in some ways as the polar opposite of his father . Whereas Moammar Gadhafi years ago launched a program to "  destroy imported ideologies , whether they are Eastern or Western , " his son speaks fluent English , earned his PhD from the London School of Economics , written an op-ed in the New York Times and has been a frequent go-between in talks with international officials . Moammar rarely goes anywhere without a distinctive tribal dress and an ornate Bedouin tent . The well-traveled Saif , meanwhile , is more likely to appear in Western business attire : a suit and tie . While the father runs a nation , his son 's main job -- at least before his 2009 appointment as General Coordinator , a position like many in the nation 's government with few guidelines -- was heading a charity , the Gadhafi Foundation . And lastly , while the elder Gadhafi is known for his heavy-handed rule in Libya and its restrictions on civil rights and more , Saif Gadhafi fashioned himself as a human rights advocate and pushed for democratic and institutional reforms that could give more power and freedoms to the people . David Held , a professor at London School of Economics and Saif Gadhafi 's academic advisor , said Gadhafi knew he had a dilemma . "  He was torn , " said Held . "  There was a dilemma in his heart between loyalty to his father and the regime and on the other hand desperately realizng that the Gadhafi regime was untenable , unjustified and the reform utterly crucial . " Still , his status as a leading reformer and pull with foreign diplomats have dropped significantly since the start of the uprising . And for all their differences , Saif 's standing in the world is largely defined by his father 's role . While some may see the son as more open to change , there 's little question that his loyalty remains first with Moammar . "  He 's the heir apparent , " CNN National Security Contributor Fran Townsend said about Saif . "  The question will be , will he be able to retain control in light of the current chaos ? " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , 38 , was once thought to be a leading reformer He has emerged as one of his father 's most-visible defenders Sources close to Gadhafi tell CNN any transition in Libya would involve Saif "  He 's the heir apparent , " says CNN National Security Contributor Fran Townsend
CNN  As one of the world 's leading financial capitals , Hong Kong is a dream destination for business travelers . With more skyscrapers than any other city in the world and some of the finest dining on the planet , the city might well leave you begging for a flight cancellation so you can squeeze in an extra day . To help you enjoy a few of the city 's highlights , here 's a guide to getting into town , eating/sleeping well , buying the best souvenirs and leaving with an expense account you 'll be proud of . Easiest , most comfortable airport transfer Forget everything you know about subways -- Hong Kong 's Airport Express train service blows away even the most jaded commuter . Trains are clean , comfortable , spacious , always on time and get you to the city in 24 minutes flat , faster than any car service can ever aspire to . Better still , the trains are easy to walk to and the procedure simple to figure out upon arrival -- there 's virtually no stress about how to get tickets or where to get the trains as you exit the arrival terminal . At HK$ 100 per ride , trains depart at 10-minute intervals from 5:54 a.m. to 11:28 p.m. and 12-minute intervals from 11:28 p.m. to 12:48 a.m. daily . Memorable meals There 's no shortage of Michelin-starred restaurants in Hong Kong . But finding a memorable local meal you 'll be thinking about for months is far more challenging . Luk Yu Teahouse has it all : a historic art deco-inspired feel , waiters that have stuck by the place through decades , killer Cantonese food not found anywhere else , a glamorous clientele and a storied past that includes a mob hit in the dining room . You 'll have to get here early for a breakfast of old fashioned dim sum , such as duck and chestnut pastry . Luk Yu Teahouse , Luk Yu Building , 24-26 Stanley St. Central ; +85225231970 Centrally located room with a view For a true home-away-from-home feel , the penthouse suites at The Upper House are a good call . With more than 180 square meters of understated elegance , wraparound views of Hong Kong and a spa-inspired bathroom , this is the ultimate city stay . Bonus feature : the chance of bumping into a celebrity in the elevators . The Upper House , Pacific Place , 88 Queensway , Admiralty ; +85229181838 Where to get a unique addition to your wardrobe Hong Kong 's fashion design scene is young , eclectic and fun . A place to get a taste of it is K11 Mall , dubbed an "  Art Mall " for its support of Chinese contemporary art and reputable gallery in the basement . The mall houses local designer brands , and offers its own curated selection of designer products at the K11 Design Store . K11 , 18 Hanoi Road , Tsim Sha Tsui , Kowloon ; +85231188070 Where to take a killer photo Sure , you could ride the historic Peak Tram with the tourists and snap a great photo of Hong Kong at the top of Victoria Peak -- it 's foolproof . But you could also join local hikers  of which there are many  to walk up Lion Rock Peak for the most incredible sweeping panorama of Kowloon , all surrounded by pristine nature . Experience the heart of the city To see Hong Kong , past and present , in a walkable nutshell , head to the Central and Sheung Wan Districts . Some of the oldest parts of the city , with crumbling colonial-era tenement buildings and decades-old shops , can be found in these areas . Gentrifying comfortably , Soho and "  Poho "  the neighborhood between Po Hing Fong and Hollywood Road  areas offer thoughtful eateries and unpretentious boutiques . General directions : Keep walking west on Queen 's Road Central , or the parallel Hollywood Road . Graham Street is where things start to get interesting . Classy , easy-to-pack souvenir Some of the best memories visitors take away from Hong Kong are centered on food . To take a little bit of local flavor home , you can pick up a couple jars of XO sauce . Every restaurant worth its reputation will have its own secret recipe for the mildly spicy local condiment made from dried and often precious seafood , as well as Chinese ham . We love the one at the Mandarin Oriental Cake Shop  $ 35/small , $ 45/large jar  . Mandarin Oriental Cake Shop , M/F , Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong , 5 Connaught Road , Central , +85228254008	Hong Kong 's Airport Express gets you to the city center in 24 minutes The hike to Lion Rock peak offers stunning panoramas of Kowloon and across to the island Some of Hong Kong 's oldest buildings and colonial-era structures can be found in Central and Sheung Wan districts
CNN  -- Stratford , in east London , is the gateway to London 's 2012 Olympics . And those taking public transport to the Games are likely to wander through Westfield Stratford City . Westfield expects 35 million visitors a year to its Stratford mall , which it opened last September . But with the Games on its doorstep , that figure is getting a huge boost . During the Olympics over 200,000 spectators and workers are expected to walk through its doors . "  In one sense the Games is an interruption to that normal footfall , in another sense it is a massive opportunity in exposing new people to the building who ordinarily would not come here on a regular basis , " said Steven Lowy , co-chief executive of the Westfield Group . The mall houses more than 250 shops with 70 spots to eat and drink , making it Europe 's largest urban shopping center . It opened its doors during the height of the recession but Lowy believes it can withstand the downturn . "  Many parts of the world are suffering lack of consumer confidence , a lack of spending , and countries are doing what they can to manoeuvre through that , " he said . "  But the UK is a country of more than 60 million people ; London is one of the world 's greatest cities so we are confident that in time this will work itself out , " he said . Stephen Lowy is the son of Westfield 's founder and chairman Frank Lowy , who fled post-war Europe to set up shop in Sydney in the early 1950s . He floated his now billion dollar retail emporium on the Australian stock market in 1960 . Westfield 's portfolio is now valued at $ 57 billion . The company has traditionally focused its business on the English-speaking market -- it has over 100 shopping centers in Australia , New Zealand , UK and the U.S. -- but last year extended its global reach into the fast growing Brazilian market . "  The first developing market that we really entered into was Brazil , and that was last year , " Lowy said . "  We put a modest but important sum of money there to understand the market and over time I think a company like ours will be able to understand how to operate and be successful in those type of markets , " he added . For Westfield , location is everything . "  We are looking for cities that are important from a world context , cities that are important in robust economies , and robust political markets that give you some sort of certainty , " Lowy said . "  There is no certainty in life but you can mitigate the risk by investing in certain locations , " he added . Cities like London , Milan , New York and Sydney have proven their ability to withstand the shocks of the world 's financial crisis , he said . Shopping not only "  makes us all happy and smile , " it is also a major economic force , Lowy noted . In countries like Australia , America between 50 % and 70 % of the economies are driven by retail . "  Governments focus on consumer behavior , it is hugely important for any country from an economic perspective , and so we are at the fulcrum of that and we do our best to make sure that our buildings produce enormous economic activity , " Lowy said .	Westfield 's Stratford center opened in September last year The company has total assets under management of $ 57 billion It has 110 shopping centers around the world and employs over 4,000 people Westfield was founded in 1960 in Australia by WWII refugee Frank Lowy
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate Foreign Relations Committee passed a joint resolution Tuesday supporting the limited use of U.S. military force in Libya for one year -- a move sought by the Obama administration as it works to win clear congressional backing of the controversial North African mission . The resolution , which explicitly rejects any introduction of U.S. ground troops , was approved 14-5 . It now advances to the full Democratic-controlled Senate . The Republican-controlled House of Representatives rejected a similar measure last Friday , but also voted down a bill restricting U.S. involvement in the conflict . Deep congressional divisions over the mission stem from , among other things , a belief among some representatives and senators on both sides of the aisle that the White House has violated the War Powers Resolution . Passed in 1973 , the law gives a president 60 days to get congressional approval for sending U.S. forces to war , followed by a 30-day extension to end hostilities . The combined 90-day period ended last week without any congressional expression of support for America 's role in the NATO-led operation . Administration officials have repeatedly asserted that the U.S. role in Libya does not meet the law 's definition of hostilities . The president reportedly overruled contrary legal opinions put forward by both the Pentagon and the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel in declining to seek congressional authorization . Earlier Tuesday , top State Department legal adviser Harold Koh told members of the committee that the War Powers law does not apply to the U.S. military intervention . Koh argued that the measure is not applicable because the U.S. role in the mission is limited in terms of its scope , means , exposure of U.S. forces , and chances of escalation . "  The precedent here has been narrowly drawn , " Koh asserted . Republicans on the committee did not agree . Indiana Sen. Richard Lugar , the committee 's top Republican , said President Barack Obama 's decision to intervene without explicit congressional backing was a "  fundamental failure of leadership that placed expedience " before constitutional responsibility . "  There was no good reason why President Obama should have failed to seek authorization " by Congress , he added . There has been a "  lack of constitutional discipline " in this case . Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , told Koh he was "  sticking a stick in the eyes of Congress , " "  I think you 've undermined the integrity of the War Powers Act , " Corker said . By refusing to take a tougher stance against the administration 's actions , senators are "  making ourselves irrelevant " to debates over military action , he added . Koh told committee members that a "  major structural flaw " of the law is that , absent explicit congressional approval , it requires an automatic termination of military engagements after 60 days . "  You can not run these things by autopilot , " he said . Executive and legislative branch judgment is required in each instance , he asserted . Koh , along with both Democrats and Republicans , acknowledged the act could be updated to reflect technological advances such as unmanned predator drone strikes -- something unheard of when the law was passed during the Vietnam War . The "  language needs further clarification , " said Kerry , the chairman of the committee . But for Congress to now "  pull the rug out from under  America 's NATO allies  would have far-reaching consequences , " he warned . The allied military effort in Libya , which has formal United Nations support , was launched to protect civilians from violence stemming from a crackdown launched by longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi . Western leaders have made clear that they believe the mission can not be successfully completed without Gadhafi 's ouster . The White House has promised not to use U.S. ground troops , but bipartisan congressional opposition to the military campaign has nevertheless been mounting over several weeks .	NEW : The Foreign Relations Committee backs limited U.S. military action in Libya State Department legal adviser says the Libya mission is limited in scope , exposure of forces Key Republicans argue Obama has improperly circumvented the 1973 War Powers Resolution It requires the president to get congressional approval within 60 days after deploying military
As many of the devastating stories and photos of typhoon-wrecked Philippines show , one of the most pressing problems of the Philippines crisis is the lack of toilets and the collapse of water systems . Tacloban is currently facing a desperate lack of sustainable sanitation . UNICEF , among other organizations , has delivered portable toilets and hygiene supplies to Tacloban and is appealing for $ 34 million to help the four million children affected by Typhoon Haiyan , the estimated amount for six months of assistance . The lack of sustainable sanitation that the Tacloban region is suddenly facing is part of daily life for an astonishingly high percentage of the world 's population . To throw a spotlight on the issue , the United Nations General Assembly declared this year would kick off the inaugural World Toilet Day on November 19 . "  We must break the taboos and make sanitation for all a global development priority , " said UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon in an official statement in Singapore last July . Some sobering facts about the world 's lack of toilets , according to the United Nations : Due to the unglamorous nature of the subject matter , toilets tend to take the back seat when it comes to awareness and fundraising . "  We aim to make these hugely important issues relevant and sexy , " says Garvey Chui , the Asia representative for Toilet Hackers , a nonprofit organization trying to give access to "  dignified sanitation " to those without . "  For many Westernized travelers -- particularly for many women travelers , no matter how well-seasoned -- sanitation and access to clean toilets becomes a serious consideration when traveling , " says Chui . "  But for those without access to safe , clean and private toilets and sanitation , it is more than an inconvenience , it can be life or death , " says the Toilet Hackers rep. "  One very dangerous time for a woman in a developing country , and one of the main times she may get sexually assaulted , is when she is going to the washroom . When there is no toilet to go to , she is vulnerable and exposed when she is going outdoors or in a public space , often late at night and away from people . " From the two-story toilet-shaped toilet museum  the former home of a toilet-obsessed congressman and mayor in South Korea  to weird and wacky toilet-themed restaurants  yes , restaurants  from London to Beiing , check out our gallery for where to celebrate World Toilet Day .	2.5 billion people do not have access to a toilet or sustainable sanitation November 19 , 2013 has been designated first World Toilet Day by United Nations In many countries , girls stay home from school or drop out all together due to lack of a safe place to change and clean
CNN  -- North Korean and South Korean officials held their first government-level talks in years on Sunday , South Korean media reported . The talks were held in the village of Panmunjom , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . They come days ahead of an inter-Korean ministerial meeting planned for Wednesday at the request of the South 's unification minister , Ryoo Kihl-jae . The talks are another sign of improvement in the severely strained relations between the two Koreas . Pyongyang on Friday reconnected a hotline between the two sides that it had severed amid recent tensions . North Korea set off months of tensions with a long-range rocket launch in December followed by an underground nuclear test in February . The North broke the impasse between the two sides over the Kaesong Industrial Zone -- a shared industrial complex and major symbol of cooperation between the two countries where Pyongyang halted activity in April -- by issuing a proposal on Thursday for talks . It said that "  the venue of the talks and the date for their opening can be set to the convenience of the south side . " South Korea reacted quickly and positively to the offer , noting that it had been "  continuously " seeking talks on Kaesong since the North shut it down . The North expressed appreciation for the South 's response Friday , and said "  working contact " between the two governments is necessary before ministerial talks . It proposed that the lower-level meeting take place in Kaesong on Sunday . It also reopened the Red Cross hotline in the border area of Panmunjom , an important line of communication between the two sides that it had cut off as tensions flared earlier this year . The South Korean Unification Ministry said later Friday that it had sent a fax through the hotline agreeing to the working-level talks but asking that they take place in Panmunjom rather than Kaesong . The working-level talks will be held at Panmunjom on Sunday , South Korea 's national news agency , Yonhap reported . The shuttered Kaesong complex is one of the main casualties of the recent threats and provocative moves by North Korea . In April , Kim Jong Un 's regime began blocking South Koreans from entering the manufacturing complex , which sits on the North 's side of the heavily fortified border and houses the operations of more than 120 South Korean companies . Pyongyang then pulled out the more than 50,000 North Koreans who work in the zone 's factories , saying it was temporarily suspending activity there . The last South Koreans in the zone left last month . The North Korean decision to halt operations surprised some observers , since Kaesong was considered an important source of hard currency for Kim Jong Un 's regime . Outcry over young North Korean refugees handed back to regime by Laos	NEW : South , North Korean officials start talks in Panmunjom , Yonhap reports The talks are another sign of thawing relations between the Koreas North Korea set off months of tensions with a long-range rocket launch in December It was followed by an underground nuclear test in February
With seemingly every kid in America glued most waking hours to a glowing digital device , you might expect their parents to be worried about the potentially harmful effects of all that screen time . Turns out , not so much . The majority of parents in the United States are largely unconcerned about their young children 's media use , according to a Northwestern University study released Tuesday . This despite 70 % of parents saying that smartphones and tablets -- so-called "  digital babysitters " used to appease bored or fussy kids -- do n't make parenting any easier . Based on a nationally representative survey of more than 2,300 parents of children up to 8 years old , the study "  reveals a generational shift in parental attitudes about technology 's role in young children 's lives , " said Ellen Wartella , director of Northwestern 's Center on Media and Human Development and lead author of the report . An overwhelming majority  78 %  of parents say their children 's media use is not a source of family conflict , while 59 % say they are not worried about their children becoming addicted to phones , tablet computers or gaming devices . The study found that 55 % of parents are "  not too " or "  not at all " concerned about their children 's media use , compared to 30 % who are concerned . The study , "  Parenting in the Age of Digital Technology , " also challenges two key assumptions about media and parenting : First , that smartphones and tablets have become today 's "  go-to " parenting tools . Instead , parents say they are more likely to turn to toys or activities  88 %  , books  79 %  , or TV  78 %  when trying to keep their children occupied . Of those with smartphones or tablets , 37 % say they are very or somewhat likely to turn to those devices . Even when trying to calm an upset child , parents say they are still more likely to turn to a toy or activity  65 %  or to a book  58 %  than to a media device . Second , the survey challenged the notion that the dominant pattern in most households is children pleading for screen time while parents try to limit it . "  Today 's parents  of young children  grew up with technology as a central part of their lives , so they think about it differently than earlier generations of parents , " said Northwestern 's Wartella in a press release . "  Instead of a battle with kids on one side and parents on the other , the use of media and technology has become a family affair . " The impact of heavy media and technology use on kids ' social , emotional and cognitive development is only beginning to be studied , although some early research suggests the Internet may actually be changing how our brains work . Among the other findings of the report : -- With the exception of video games , parents think more positively than negatively about the impact of media  TV , computers and mobile devices  on children 's reading and math skills and their creativity . -- Parents ' most consistent concern about digital media is their negative impact on children 's physical activity . -- Parents view video games more negatively than TV , computers or mobile devices . Parents rated video games as more likely to have a negative effect on children 's academic skills , attention span , creativity , social skills , behavior and sleep than any other medium . -- Parents view computers as less harmful to their kids than TV or mobile devices . The study was presented Tuesday at a conference on "  Parenting in the Age of Digital Technology : How Families Use Media and Technology in Their Daily Lives , " at the Pew Charitable Trusts Conference Center in Washington .	Study : Most parents in the U.S. are not concerned about their young children 's media use Almost 60 % say they 're not worried about their kids becoming addicted to digital devices The Northwestern University survey of 2,300 parents was released Tuesday
The eurozone is emerging from its devastating debt crisis but life in Greece -- where the bloc 's financial meltdown began -- remains a struggle for many . CNN has tracked a group of Greek citizens since 2012 , and revisited them * for an update on life in the country after years of austerity . They told CNN wages continue to be cut , healthcare is suffering and that leaving the country can seem the only option . George Pentafronimos , an IT consultant who left Greece to live in Luxembourg , says leaving the country was one of the most difficult decisions he 's made , but one he does n't regret . Others , like Manos Kallimikrakis , have stayed but lost their jobs as cutbacks kicked in . Kallimikrakis has struggled to survive on savings and family support , and says the country needs a new economic model . Greece , bailed out in 2010 then again in 2012 at a combined cost of 240 billion euros , returned to the bond markets in April , raising three billion euros on robust demand . Economic indicators suggest it is slowly emerging from six years of recession , with unemployment figures released Friday showing a slight dip from 27.2 % in December , to 26.7 % . Greek unemployment remains the highest in the eurozone , above Spain at 25.3 % . Youth unemployment across the euro area has also dropped slightly , but remains highest in Greece , at 56.8 % . The figures come after demonstrators across the world took to the streets for May Day , or International Workers Day . Those spoken to by CNN say life on the ground in Greece is frustrating and tough , and the economic figures do not capture the hardship of the austerity-hit economy . According to Kostis Papaioannou , the austerity has fed dangerous social upheaval and he is hoping the country will soon reach and recover from "  the point where it will not get worse . " Click the buttons above to hear their stories . * Three of the original nine interviewees were unavailable for interview .	Unemployment figures show the euro area is slowly emerging from years of crisis However life in Greece , where the crisis began , remains tough after austerity CNN has spoken to Greek citizens over time to find out how their lives have changed Many are struggling , and say leaving their homeland can seem the only option
New York  CNN  -- Criminal charges will not be filed against the owner of a chimpanzee that mauled and blinded a Connecticut woman earlier this year , according to Connecticut State 's Attorney David Cohen . At a news conference Monday , Cohen explained that criminal prosecution against Sandra Herold , 77 , was not warranted because she was not aware of the risk her pet posed . On February 16 , Herold had called her friend Charla Nash , 55 , for help in getting her pet chimpanzee Travis back inside her house after he used a key to escape . When Nash arrived at the Stamford home of her friend , the chimp , who had been featured in TV commercials for Coca-Cola and Old Navy , jumped on her and began biting and mauling her , causing serious injuries to her face , neck and hands . Police shot Travis to halt the attack and he later died of gunshot wounds . Cohen explained that the dangers of keeping a pet chimpanzee were never fully explained to Herold by the Connecticut State Department of Environmental Protection . While the agency was aware that the chimpanzee was living with Herold , there is no evidence that they ever reached out to her to detail why the primate posed a threat to her and others in the community . Furthermore , Herold had never had any problems with Travis in the past . Although Travis had escaped once before in 2003 and "  wreaked havoc " on the streets of Stamford for a couple of hours , the chimp had never exhibited any violent behavior , especially towards Nash , with whom he had interacted with regularly . Nash , Cohen stated , had specifically been called that day because Herold thought she could help in controlling the escaped chimpanzee . In the state of Connecticut , criminal prosecution would have to determine that Herold acted recklessly , disregarding the risk that Travis would attack and cause serious injuries to another person . Because of the chimp 's familiarity with Nash , his previously placid behavior and the lack of contact by the Department of Environmental Protection , Cohen determined that Herold would not be held criminally responsible for the attack . "  This does not in any way minimize the horror that we all feel with what occurred and with the horrendous injuries suffered , " he said . "  Our prayers go out to the family and to the victim . " In March , shortly after the attack , the family of Charla Nash filed a lawsuit seeking $ 50 million in damages from the owner of the primate . The court papers , filed in Stamford Superior Court in Connecticut , alleged that the owner was liable for the attack , negligent and reckless in her ownership of a wild animal . Following the attack , Nash was transported to the famed Cleveland Clinic , where the nation 's first face transplant was performed . In a written statement the Cleveland Clinic said that Nash had lost her nose , upper and lower lips , eyelids and both her hands in the attack , as well as the "  bony structures in her mid-face . " The attack has raised questions about whether exotic animals should be kept as pets . Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal has stated that primates and crocodiles should be added to a state list of animals citizens are not allowed to own . When asked if there was anything to be learned from the attack , Cohen said , "  I think the public will have to draw their own lessons from what was a very tragic incident . "	Chimpanzee mauled and blinded a Connecticut woman earlier this year Owner was not aware of the risk the chimpanzee posed , state 's attorney says Criminal prosecution would have had to determine that owner acted recklessly In March , Charla Nash filed a lawsuit seeking $ 50 million in damages from the owner
Editor 's note : Morieka Johnson writes about pets , fashion and money-saving ideas for MNN.com . You can follow her and more green writers on Twitter @MotherNatureNet . MNN.com  -- If you have a pet , you know that squeezing a topical solution on your dog each month may be the easiest and most effective way to fight fleas . Most of the products contain a synthetic insecticide that attacks a flea 's nervous system . The solution is applied along a dog 's back and usually spreads from follicle to follicle within a day . But this popular method has come under fire recently due to reports of adverse reactions among dogs and cats . The Environmental Protection Agency  EPA  has called for more stringent testing and evaluation requirements as well as stronger warning labels . In the meantime , I admire you for seeking a chemical-free approach . Here are a few green options for you to consider . MNN : 9 animals that use prosthetics Find a flea comb . Regular flea maintenance will require a cache of flea-fighting tools , starting with a good flea comb . These fine-toothed wire tools come in a variety of shapes and sizes . Choose an ergonomic version and schedule standing appointments with your dog for a thorough combing . Read the label carefully . Look for products such as Bio-Groom Flea and Tick concentrate , which contains Pyrethrin , a biodegradable insecticide that 's made from chrysanthemums . While you still need to exercise caution when applying the chemical , it 's a better option to topical solutions that contain permethrin . MNN : Pet lovers hope to get new law on wills Try neem oil . This all-natural insect repellent comes from the neem tree in India . Add a few drops to your favorite pet shampoo , dilute it with dishwashing liquid for a do-it-yourself flea spray or simply apply the oil directly to your dog 's coat . The primary ingredient in grooming products by Ark Naturals , neem oil also repels mosquitoes . Consider an oral treatment . Oral tablets provide another alternative to topical solutions . Products like Capstar and Comfortis go to work quickly , killing any adult fleas a few minutes after being consumed . MNN : New restaurant in Copacabana serves dogs in style Enjoy Christmas in July . A relatively new company on the scene , Vet 's Best uses the power of peppermint and clove oils to fight fleas and ticks . I have n't tried it yet , but the idea of a sweet-smelling dog appeals to me . Consult your dog 's vet about the remedy that works best for your pet , and follow label directions carefully . Keep in mind that dust mites can create more havoc than fleas , so it pays to tackle that problem , too .  Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Flea-fighting products that contain a synthetic insecticide have come under fire recently The Environmental Protection Agency has called for stronger warning labels Consult your dog 's vet about the remedy that works best for your pet
Kabil  CNN  -- Millions of Afghans were glued to their television sets on Tuesday night to watch the first ever professional boxing match staged in the war-torn country . They were treated to a title fight between Hamid Rahimi , who was born in Afghanistan and grew up in Germany , and Tanzania 's Said Mbelwa , with the World Boxing Organization 's Intercontinental middleweight belt up for grabs . While millions watched it live on two Afghan TV channels , including state-run RTA , hundreds of people , including senior government officials , lawmakers and diplomats packed into the Loya Jirga hall in Kabul amid tight security to watch the fight , with tickets changing hands for between US$ 50 and US$ 100 . Rahimi claimed victory in the seventh round after Mbelwa 's shoulder was injured . "  This belt is not mine , this belt is Afghanistan 's belt . It 's yours . I love you , " an ecstatic Rahimi told the crowd from the ring . The event , billed as the "  Fight 4 Peace , " was another milestone in the country 's rehabilitation after life under the Taliban , when it would likely have been banned . The group , which ruled much of the country between 1996 and 2001 , prevented the population from taking part in many activities seen as un-Islamic , with restrictions placed on many sports . Kabul 's main sports arena , Ghazi Stadium , was infamously used as a venue for public executions and stonings during the 1990s . "  I am sure none of the two -LSB- fighters -RSB- would even dare to get into the country , if the Taliban were still ruling . I am so happy that now we are moving towards a future where the world is giving us a recognition , " Sayed Ahmad Peerzada , a shopkeeper , told CNN . The excitement was also echoed on social media , with thousands taking to Twitter and Facebook to show their support for the match . Khalid Quraishi , an Afghan living abroad , wrote on his Facebook page : "  Hamid Rahimi opened a new chapter in the boxing history in Afghanistan ! Thanks to his opponent for accepting to come to Kabul too ! " The result even resonated at the Presidential palace in Kabul , as President Hamid Karzai offered his congratulations to both boxers . "  The president , besides congratulating Rahimi , thanks his Tanzanian opponent who came to Afghanistan to take part in this fight , " a statement from Karzai 's office said . Rahimi was born in Afghanistan in 1983 and escaped to Germany with his family in 1992 after the country was embroiled in civil war . He has won 20 of his 21 matches so far .	Afghan-born fighter living in Germany takes part in Afghanistan 's first pro fight Rahimi claims victory in the seventh round after Mbelwa 's shoulder is injured Sports such as boxing faced severe restrictions under the previous Taliban regime The capital 's sports stadium was used as a site for public executions
CNN  -- If it was n't already clear that Congress is done legislating this year , the scene inside and outside the Capitol on Wednesday illustrated that the midterm elections are in full swing . Just before the House Rules Committee began authorizing the Republican lawsuit against President Barack Obama , House Democrats gathered on the East Front steps just below the room where that hearing was to take place to unveil their "  middle class jump start " agenda . With their dueling messages , they hoped to energize their respective political bases and propel supporters to the polls in November . The GOP decision to sue Obama over delaying the Obamacare employer mandate puts the politically-charged health care law -- an issue that motivates the most ardent GOP voters -- front and center . House Democrats argued in offering their middle class initiative that Republican priorities in Congress were skewed toward wealthy special interests at the expense of working families . Standing in front of sizable red white and blue convention-style placards with the phrases "  Women Succeed , " "  Affordable Education " and "  Make it in America , " House Democratic Caucus Chairman Xavier Becerra tried to contrast the two political parties . "  You can either sue the president of the United States , or you can do your job here at the House of Representatives and pass laws that help the middle class and working families , " the California Democrat said . Citing the GOP lawsuit as a factor affecting the midterms , House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi in a Wednesday interview in the Washington Post set an ambitious goal of picking up 25 seats in the House . Democrats would need to take back 17 seats to regain control , a feat most Democrats concede is n't likely , especially in the sixth year of Obama 's presidency . That 's when a president 's party historically loses seats . Kohn : Dear Speaker Boehner : Do your job instead Midterm focus for Democrats : Women Congressional Democrats on both sides of the Capitol are directing much of their message toward women , who they view as the critical voting bloc . Obama won re-election in 2012 with support from 55 % of women compared to 44 % for GOP nominee Mitt Romney . In an off-year congressional election , Democrats know they ca n't expect the same turnout . But they 're talking about child care , contraception coverage , and education to maximize their chances . Democrats unveiled their "  100 Day Action plan " on Wednesday , pledging to hold votes on bills focusing on women , if they win back the House . Those measures would be targeted at raising the minimum wage , ensuring equal pay for equal work , and boosting access to early childhood education . "  Our agenda for women and families is ` When Women Succeed , America Succeeds , ' " Pelosi said . This is not just the title of our agenda . This is a statement of absolute fact . And our agenda presents a stark contrast to what the Republicans have done to roll back women 's rights and limit women 's opportunities . " Women 's work : The GOP 's glass ceiling Dems in the Senate In the Senate , Democrats seized on the Supreme Court 's big Obamacare decision last month that employers of some for-profit companies were not required to provide insurance plans that covered contraception if they opposed on religious grounds . A Democratic bill to reverse that decision was blocked this week . But the Democratic narrative on the Supreme Court fits with what many in the party have labeled a Republican "  war on women . " Pelosi and other Democrats emphasized that decision was made by "  five men " who were effectively dictating whether or not women could get access to contraceptives . ` Over and over again ' "  This is 2014 , not 1914 . Most Americans thought this was settled long , long ago . But for some reason , Republicans keep dragging us back here - over and over and over again , " Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts said . But the GOP is positioned well to retake control of the Senate in November , and top Republican leaders recognized that the issue could damage their standing among women if they did n't respond . Two female Republican senators -- Kelly Ayotte and Deborah Fischer -- wrote an editorial on Tuesday in the Wall Street Journal arguing Democrats were distorting the issue for political gain . "  Contrary to the misleading rhetoric , the Hobby Lobby ruling does not take away women 's access to birth control . No employee is prohibited from purchasing any Food and Drug Administration approved drug or device , and contraception remains readily available and accessible for all women nationwide , " the two senators wrote . Senate Republicans introduced their own counterproposal that would codify that no employer can block a woman 's access to FDA-approved contraception . Hobby Lobby is the retail business that successfully appealed the contraception case . Supreme Court women lash out at birth control decision A move to rally Republican base As the battle over a major women 's issue played out in the Senate , House Republicans took their first step to approve a lawsuit arguing Obama violated the Constitution by making changes to Obamacare on his own instead of allowing Congress to act . House Rules Committee Chairman Pete Sessions presided over a hearing with legal experts , and insisted the GOP move to sue was not about politics , but about protecting the authority of the legislative branch . "  The separated powers between these branches are there in order to ensure that no one person would trample on the rights of others , " the Texas Republican said . "  My fear is that our nation is currently facing the exact threat that the Constitution is designed to avoid . Branches of government have always attempted to exert their influence on other branches , but the President , in my opinion , has gone too far , " Sessions added . But the top Democrat on the committee , Rep. Louise Slaughter , was n't buying it . The suit was being "  used to appease members of the Republican party who will not rest until President Obama is charged with articles of impeachment , " she said . "  This is a partisan , political stunt , timed to peak in the House of Representatives in November right as the midterm elections are happening . " Motivating voters But both sides believe the suit will motivate voters . The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee released Web ads on Wednesday targeting 21 Republican incumbents and challengers with this message -- "  Tell Republicans : Do n't use our taxpayer dollars for your frivolous lawsuit . " As the hearing was about to start , the House GOP 's campaign arm tweeted an "  urgent " message urging supporters to sign an online petition with this : "  Stand with House Republicans as they protect your constitutional liberties and the country from continued executive abuse . " The message was another tool for the campaign committee to gather names and contract information to help solicit money to support their candidates . Despite the argument by Republican candidates that Obama and his party are failing a competency test on a range of issues from the economy to the immigration crisis at the Southwest border , Obamacare is still a foundation of their campaigns . GOP candidates are expected to run ads focusing on the health law they despise , targeting specific problems voters in their districts are experiencing with it , such as cuts to a popular Medicare program . Zelizer : The World Cup of U.S. politics	Campaigning for midterm election is in full swing Democrats and Republicans aim to appeal to respective political bases Republicans suing Obama , Democrats unveil middle class agenda Control of the Senate is at stake in November balloting
CNN  -- The infamous meat dress Lady Gaga was grilled for wearing at the MTV Video Music Awards last year will be unveiled Thursday as the main course in a sizzling new display at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . It will join the "  Women Who Rock : Vision , Passion , Power " exhibit at the hall in Cleveland , Ohio . The dress , once made of juicy cuts of raw Argentinean beef , was treated and preserved by a taxidermist over a number of weeks . "  The dress was kept in a meat locker until the treatment was ready to begin , " said a statement from the hall . "  It was then placed in a vat of chemicals and , while still pliable , was put on a body form and allowed to dry . " To keep the dress from looking like a large collection of beef jerky , it was painted to look like fresh meat . Lady Gaga wore the dress when she accepted the award for Best Video of the Year for "  Bad Romance " at the MTV Video Music Awards on September 12 , 2010 . It was a collaboration by designers Franc Fernandez and Nichola Formichetti . Gaga , who was campaigning at the time in support of repelling "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell , " told Ellen DeGeneres that the dress represents equality , saying "  Equality is the prime rib of America . " "  If we do n't stand up for what we believe in and if we do n't fight for our rights , pretty soon we 're going to have as much rights as the meat on our own bones . And , I am not a piece of meat . " CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Gaga 's meat dress will be unveiled at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Thursday It will be part of the hall 's "  Women Who Rock : Vision , Passion , Power " exhibit She wore the dress during last fall 's MTV Video Music Awards show
One South African artist is using the street as his canvas and changing lives in the process . Ricky-Lee Gordon , who goes by his artist name Freddy Sam , describes himself as a creative activist who hopes to bring about social change through his projects . His latest ambition is to transform the Cape Town suburb , Woodstock , with murals full of color and positive messages . He says that business owners are happy for murals to be painted on their buildings because the color is rejuvenating the area . "  The area , the landscape and the architecture is really rundown and neglected so a mural can do a lot for an environment , " Gordon said . "  Woodstock is I guess the up and coming art precinct . It was a thriving textile and clothing industry and community . A lot of families would move here to get work in these factories , but these factories unfortunately are closing down , " he continued . Gordon explains that the cheap rent in Woodstock is now attracting artists and galleries to re-locate to the area but it 's not the only draw . "  Artists like to be surrounded by real culture , and there 's a real culture here . There 's a mix of people and it makes for an interesting life on the street , " he added . ` Traffic light ' artists paint a brighter future Gordon is also getting the community involved . One of the organizations he works with is the Percy Bartley orphanage , a home to boys aged eight to 18 years . "  When I found out about this home , I proposed to the sponsor to give us funding to rejuvenate the home with colors and murals , " Gordon said . But what began as murals has now turned into a weekly art workshop at the home . Gordon says the boys will soon be opening their own art exhibition . "  It 's about using art for upliftment and inspiration , to really remind these boys that they are special , " he said . Gordon is also hoping to attract more artists to the area . He runs a residency and project space called , Word of Art , where he invites creatives from around the world to come and live in Woodstock and get involved in the community . "  It 's a very special situation that we have here for artists to live and work in Woodstock so they just feel free to explore the streets and have a discovery of South Africa , a real personal South African story , " he said . While it 's unclear what the future holds for Woodstock , Gordon says he knows that gentrification is coming and he wants to be part of it . "  I 'm not instigating it , I 'm not the reason there is gentrification , but I can influence the gentrification for the better , with art , with sensitivity , with communication between communities , " he said . Until then Gordon plans to continue bringing color and beauty to the run-down suburb . "  The nice thing about public art is , it actually translates into a language and people can be affected by it and respond to it and give their opinion , and usually their opinion is very positive , " he said . "  We make sure to make work that is sensitive and not offensive in any way , just colorful and vibrant . "	Street artist , Freddy Sam , hopes to bring about social change through his projects He 's transforming the poor suburb of Woodstock , Cape Town with murals The artist also runs a creative workshop at a local orphanage
CNN  -- With owners ranging from onetime Presidents of the United States through Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al Makhtoum to the Queen of England herself , horse racing is known as the ` Sport of Kings ' for good reason . If you 're going to be a player , you 're likely to need near-limitless funds . Occasionally though , a relative pauper does manage to gatecrash the party every once in a while . Take Dave Dillon , who works as a hotel controller in Chicago -- and who 's absolutely convinced of one thing . "  I make no bones about the being the luckiest guy alive , " he volunteered within seconds of speaking to CNN . It 's a big call that only seems more fanciful when you learn that Dillon , 59 , has been granted a long-term medical leave of absence following surgery to treat prostate cancer . Having bought into some 25-30 horses over the years , too many of which suffered from a case of the ` slows ' -- as he laughingly puts it -- Dillon made a $ 5,000 transaction that would change his life . Five years and $ 700,000 later , the expectation is that there 's plenty more to come . For when Dillon chose to buy 5 % of a horse that nobody had wanted at a sales auction just weeks earlier , he bought a yearling that would not only win the most famous race in the United States -- the Kentucky Derby -- but also the world 's richest race -- the $ 10m Dubai World Cup . "  When Animal Kingdom went through sales in 2009 , no one bid on him so they brought him back and re-syndicated him . Team Valor -- the partnership that owned Animal Kingdom -- syndicated him for $ 100,000 and I bought 5 % , " Dillon expands . "  On the racetrack , he earned $ 8.8 m. " The numbers are as extraordinary as Animal Kingdom 's supreme career , which sparkled so brightly Dillon could well receive another $ 1m in stud fees . In late 2012 , 75 % of Animal Kingdom was sold to an Australian stud farm called Arrowfield , which was chosen for its proven track record and because the deal allowed the horse 's investors to remain involved . Three months later , the champion horse won the Dubai World Cup -- with the success swiftly prompting Sheikh Mohammed , whose entry had been beaten by Animal Kingdom , to come on board . His U.S.-based stud farm Darley bought a 29 % stake in Animal Kingdom , with Arrowfield owning 51 % , leaving Team Valor with the remaining 20 % . The figures are important because even though Dillon now owns just 1 % of Animal Kingdom , this slender stake should still be enough to ensure a pampered retirement . "  There is no way you can explain how surreal this whole adventure has been , because we have n't made the real money yet , " he said . "  His stud fee in Australia is $ 35,000 and he was recently mated to around 100 mares there . "  At the end of the southern hemisphere season , he was shuttled to Kentucky and is currently in the middle of his first season there . "  His American stud fee is $ 35,000 and it appears his Kentucky season will show him bred to 145 mares . "  So he 'll generate between $ 7-9m in stud fees if he 's successful but you wo n't know that until the first crop race . Then it could go up or down . But the fact he could generate $ 8-9m in fees for 10 - to 15 years is the most amazing part for me . " Which means Dillon could make a return in excess of 30,000 % on his investment . "  One of the rules of investing is finding the smartest guy in any industry and grabbing onto their coattails , " said Dillon , explaining his decision to invest in Animal Kingdom . "  This success is all about Barry Irwin , the chairman of Team Valor , and I like to think the only smart thing I did was grab onto his coattails and hang on . " As with many racehorses , Animal Kingdom 's ownership was shared among a syndicate or , as it 's more commonly known in the U.S. , a partnership . The practice allows several investors to own a share of a horse for an affordable price , one that also enables them to feel like owners as they attend a race day . The costs can vary greatly -- from as little as $ 140 in the United Kingdom to take part in an sizable syndicate of 100-odd investors to far heftier fees that start with a minimum investment of $ 42,000 . "  There are various ways that people come into racing , and syndicates are a good way of testing the water , " James Bethell , who runs the small Clarendon Thoroughbred Racing syndicate in northern England , told CNN . "  Investors do n't have to make a great outlay , and they soon get a feel about whether they want to go any further . " Dillon says his good fortune was to invest with Team Valor but he 's being modest , for he researched intensely before gambling on a man who also knew about leaps of faith . In 1969 , Team Valor chairman Irwin gave up a fiction writing career to work as a horseracing journalist and broadcaster -- a role he exploited to the full . "  I drove a lot of famous people nuts , asking them questions , " he says on Team Valor 's website . "  But there were things I wanted to know and I was in a perfect place to pester racing 's greats for answers . " Nine years in , he used his acquired knowledge to become a bloodstock agent before then switching to operating a stable of syndicated racehorses in 1987 . As a result of addressing conventional wisdom with a sledgehammer , Irwin 's reward has been a glut of glittering trophies . "  What separates me from other people is that I only care about how the horses look and move -- namely , studying their athleticism and body , " he told CNN . "  Most people are hung up on pedigree but when I started out , I did n't have that much money so that 's why we adopted our strategy . " So Irwin relegated the importance of a horse 's lineage  pedigree  below talent , athleticism , soundness and temperament , and the results have been spectacular . Team Valor horses have won at least 25 Grade 1 races around the world , but Irwin feels Animal Kingdom defines his approach . "  He had a Brazilian sire , which nobody previously cared about , and a German mare . I went for it and bought both , did the mating and breeding , and thankfully it worked out , " he said . "  When I buy a horse , I 'm looking for a particular style that will be effective . And I 'll tell you something I wo n't expand upon -- American racing is not about class , but about racing style and speed . " Despite the gains he has made by largely ignoring pedigree , Irwin says he does n't see anyone copying his approach . So it 's ironic that Team Valor 's contrary policy will be further rewarded as wannabe Grade 1 winners queue up to pay a small fortune for an Animal Kingdom foal . All in the hope of sharing the parade rings and winners ' enclosures with some of the world 's most powerful people -- a holy grail Dillon is still wholly surprised to be part of .	How investor 's $ 5,000 stake in a horse will return well over a million dollars Hotel controller Dave Dillon invested in Animal Kingdom in 2009 Horse has since won Kentucky Derby and Dubai World Cup , the sport 's richest race Animal Kingdom has now entered lucrative world of breeding
Washington  CNN  -- Counterfeit capsules of the diet drug Alli that are sold online can pose a serious health risk to some users , a research director from the Food and Drug Administration said Saturday . The FDA warned consumers this week that fake versions of the over-the-counter drug are being sold , mainly on online auction sites . Testing shows that the counterfeit pills contain excessive amounts of sibutramine , a prescription drug and controlled substance that can place people with cardiovascular disease at risk for higher blood pressure , heart attack or stroke , said Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA Center for Drug Evaluation and Research . The fake pills contain at least twice as much sibutramine as would normally be recommended , she said . "  Unfortunately , many people with high blood pressure or heart disease are trying to improve their health by losing weight , and we are concerned that such individuals might be exposed to the counterfeit drug , " Woodcock said . Woodcock said possible symptoms of excess sibutramine are heart palpitations , sleeplessness , anxiety , dry mouth , nausea and shakiness . She said the FDA has received about two dozen calls from people reporting these symptoms . According to Alli 's Web site , sibutramine is the active ingredient in the prescription diet drug Meridia . "  Sibutramine could potentially interact with other medications the consumer may be taking , and there are dosing differences between Alli  three times a day  and Meridia  once a day  , " the site says . Analysis also shows that the counterfeit pills lack the active ingredient orlistat found in the authentic Alli product , which prevents a portion of the fat eaten from being absorbed , Alli 's Web site says . Instead , the fat passes directly through the digestive system and is eliminated . According to Alli , which is made by London , England-based pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline , consumers should watch for these signs in determining whether the product they are buying is fake :  LOT code information is missing from the top of the box .  The expiration date includes month , day and year  example : 06162010  , instead of only the month and year  example : 05/12  .  The seal on the bottle should read "  SEALED FOR YOUR PROTECTION " in white ink on the real Alli bottle ; this statement is not present on the fake product .  The counterfeit capsule is slightly larger , and its content is powdery ; the genuine capsule is shaped more like a pellet .	Counterfeit pills sold online contain excessive amount of drug , FDA says Excess sibutramine can cause heart palpitations , sleeplessness , nausea Fake pills also lack active ingredient in real diet drug
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- The death toll from flooding that has covered large parts of Brazil continued to rise Friday , with the government reporting seven new fatalities , bringing the total to 38 . Floodwaters reach almost to the tops of some homes in Piaui state in Brazil . The rain-induced floods left nearly 800,000 people displaced , according to the Brazilian civil defense agency . Rain has fallen steadily in some parts of the country for more than two weeks and is forecast to continue for another 10 days . World Vision , a relief agency working in Brazil , predicted it could take 30 days for flood waters to recede . Communities in 10 states have been swamped by the floods , though most of the fatalities have occurred in the country 's northeast , officials said . The Brazilian government was working with local governments Friday to deliver food , cleaning materials and other supplies to the affected areas -- using helicopters to reach some areas made impassable by flooded roads . Meteorologists and other weather specialists are divided over the cause of the downpours , particularly in the normally dry northeastern section of the nation . Some say ocean temperatures are to blame , while others say deforestation has led to the climate change . Brazil has been devastated by rain-swollen rivers for months . Flooding in the southern part of the nation in November and December killed more than 120 people and left about another 30 missing . Journalist Fabiana Frayssinet contributed to this story from Rio de Janeiro	Seven more people perish in Brazil floods , bringing government 's death toll to 38 Nation 's civil defense agency says nearly 800,000 have been displaced Government was working with local governments Friday to deliver food , supplies Rain has fallen steadily in some parts of the country for more than two weeks
Emboldened militants , backed by Sunni tribal leaders , pushed toward Baghdad on Friday as increasingly nervous U.S. officials mulled their limited options to help slow the militants ' advance . In recent days , Iran has sent about 500 Revolutionary Guard troops to fight alongside Iraqi government security forces in Diyala province , a senior security official in Baghdad told CNN . However , that claim was rejected by Iran 's Foreign Ministry . "  We have made our position clear . We are not involved in fighting in Iraq , " ministry spokeswoman Marzieh Afkham told CNN . A senior Iranian government official told CNN that Tehran is monitoring the situation in Iraq and could send advisers there , but would not send a fighting force . Iranian President Hassan Rouhani reiterated his nation is prepared to help advice Iraq if asked . Meanwhile , Sunni tribal leaders have lined up in support of radical Islamists from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , making their push toward Baghdad easier , a Saudi intelligence official told CNN 's Nic Robertson . As Iraq further disintegrated , residents fled Mosul in droves . Militants captured the country 's second-largest city this week after soldiers scattered , leaving their uniforms and weapons behind . Three explosions hit Shiite areas in the capital city Friday evening , killing one person and wounding 20 people , police told CNN . A car bomb also exploded in al-Tarmiya , a Sunni area about 37 miles  60 kilometers  north of Baghdad , killing two civilians and wounding seven others , police officials in Baghdad told CNN . The spreading violence prompted U.S. President Barack Obama to say the beleaguered government required assistance , but he warned Friday that it would take "  several days " for the U.S. to react . "  This is not going to happen overnight , " he told reporters . And , he said , the United States will need assurances from Iraq 's government that it will work to find a political solution the crisis . A senior Obama administration official said Friday that the President has not yet made a decision on whether to act on any military options . But another senior administration official indicated that a decision could come as early as this weekend . Airstrikes are among the options on the table , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Thursday . But there will be no repeat of a large U.S. troop presence on Iraqi soil . "  We are not contemplating ground troops , " Carney said . "  I want to be clear about that . " U.S. officials have also discussed bolstering ongoing efforts to send arms , equipment and intelligence information to help Iraq and its military . Kerry : Wake-up call Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday that the ISIS militants are a threat not just to Iraq , but to the United States and the rest of the world -- and that is why Obama is urgently considering his next steps . "  Every country that understands the importance of stability in the Middle East needs to be concerned about what is happening , " Kerry said , speaking at a summit in London . "  That is why I am confident the United States will move rapidly and confidently in order to join with its allies in dealing with this challenge . " Kerry said the latest events had been a "  wake-up call " for Iraq 's divided political leadership , which has been accused of failing to address growing sectarian divisions . The United States has a "  very direct relationship " with Iraq , he said . "  I do n't think anybody in the region or in this administration believes it is in the interests of the United States to turn our backs on that . " The militants from ISIS want to establish a caliphate , or Islamic state , in the region -- stretching from Iraq into northern Syria , where it has had significant success battling the forces of President Bashar al-Assad . Their lightning advance in Iraq has been aided by support from many Sunnis who feel that the Shia-dominated government has marginalized them . U.N : Summary executions , mass displacement This week 's violence has created a brewing humanitarian crisis , thanks to the displacement of some 500,000 civilians from Mosul , and sparked fears of widespread rights abuses against civilians . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay on Friday expressed alarm over the rapid deterioration of the situation in the country . "  The full extent of civilian casualties is not yet known , but reports suggest the number of people killed in recent days may run into the hundreds , and the number of wounded is said to be approaching 1,000 , " Pillay said in a statement . She said she was deeply disturbed by reports that ISIS fighters , including prisoners freed when the militants overran Mosul 's prison Tuesday , "  have been actively seeking out -- and in some cases killing -- soldiers , police and others , including civilians , whom they perceive as being associated with the government . " Her agency has received reports of the summary executions of Iraqi army soldiers during the capture of Mosul , and of 17 civilians on a street in the city on June 11 , she said . More than 500,000 people have fled the fighting in Mosul , the International Organization for Migration said Wednesday . Jittery families eager to leave sat in traffic jams stretching as far as the eye could see . The U.N. refugee agency said many left with little more than the clothes on their backs and were in urgent need of shelter , water , food and medical care . ISIS fighters amid civilian population According to several U.S. officials , the U.S. military has not finalized a proposed set of ISIS targets in Iraq for Obama , amid significant military concerns that strikes may prove futile against ISIS fighters who are dispersed and mingled with a civilian population . Several more top-level meetings are scheduled in the next 48 hours , as Obama mulls his course of action . "  Our planning is looking at the full range of options , " a senior U.S. official told CNN . Those options range from increasing U.S. surveillance flights over ISIS areas to potential airstrikes , the official acknowledged . Iraq has indicated a willingness for the U.S. military to conduct airstrikes against the militants . Washington has already provided $ 15 billion in training , weapons and equipment to the Iraqi government . The country has been plagued by instability , though not on the current scale , for years . The United States led the 2003 invasion that toppled longtime leader Saddam Hussein . Peshmerga gains On Friday , fighting for control of towns in Iraq continued . Dozens of ISIS fighters clashed with Iraqi security forces for two hours in Um Garami village , about 100 kilometers north of Baghdad , police officials in Baquba said . They tried to take over the village but ended up withdrawing after Iraqi security forces aggressively pushed back , according to the officials . Meawhile , three villages in Diayal province were taken over by ISIS fighters , the police officials said . Nearly 100 fighters attacked the Sunni towns of al-Asriya , Hamreen and Askari , where they clashed with security forces , and won , said the officials . While the Iraqi army has done little to resist the advance of the ISIS militants , Kurdish fighters deployed by the semiautonomous Kurdish regional government , in coordination with Baghdad , are having more impact . The Kurdish fighters , known as the Peshmerga , are battling ISIS in Iraq 's eastern Diyala province , said Mohammed Moullah Hassan , mayor of Khanaqin , a predominantly Kurdish area of Diyala . He told CNN that 95 % of Jalawla'a was now under the control of the Peshmerga , while the town of Sadiya is encircled on one side by the Peshmerga and on the other by ISIS , with Iraqi security forces still in the town . On Thursday , authorities said Kurdish troops had beaten back militants to control the entire province of Kirkuk . Prime Minister Nuri al-Malaki has called on Iraqi citizens to join the fight against the militants . That call was echoed Friday by a representative of Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani , the most powerful Shiite cleric in Iraq . During his Friday sermon in Najaf , Sheikh Abdul Mahdi Al-Karbalai urged Iraqis to volunteer and fight for security forces . "  The responsibility to confront and fight the terrorists is everyone 's responsibility , " he said . Meanwhile , Iraq 's Justice Ministry urged the prisoners freed by ISIS from Badoosh prison near Mosul to surrender to security authorities , according to a statement issued to the media . It added that the detainees were convicted of civilian and criminal charges , not terror related offenses , and that a special pardon may be issued to absolve them from escape-related charges . Iraq claims victory in Tikrit After days of stunning defeats , Iraq claimed a key victory Thursday . Tikrit , former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein 's hometown , was under full control of the military Thursday , state-run Iraqiya TV said . Just a day earlier , it appeared to be in the hands of militants . But that victory claim appeared in doubt again Friday , with militants still in the city and still the target of government actions . Airstrikes by the Iraqi military killed 70 ISIS militants and wounded 40 others in Tikrit on Friday , state TV reported . Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said even though the military fled in Mosul this week , the government has since "  taken a number of steps to push back the terrorists . " The Iraqi military carried out airstrikes overnight targeting the al-Ghazlany military base , just south of Mosul , where a group of ISIS militants was believed to be based , the Iraqi Defense Ministry said Thursday . Footage surfaced on social media sites Thursday purportedly showing ISIS militants parading heavy artillery through Mosul , a predominantly Sunni city of 1.6 million . U.S. contractors evacuated State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said American citizens working on contracts supporting U.S. military sales to Iraq are being temporarily relocated . Among those leaving for safety are U.S. contractors at a military base in Balad , about 55 miles  90 kilometers  north of Baghdad . The security concerns were exacerbated by the seizure of 48 people , including diplomats , in a Wednesday raid on the Turkish Consulate . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Thursday that the health of those captured is "  fine . " He said the government was working to secure their release . Militants also seized parts of Baiji , a small town on the main highway to Mosul where Iraq 's largest oil refinery is located . Earlier this year , ISIS took control of the city of Falluja and parts of Ramadi . Across the border in Syria , it controls towns such as Raqqa .	Iranian ministry rejects claim that Iran has sent troops to battle ISIS militants Airstrikes kill 70 militants and wound 40 in Tikrit , state TV reports Bomb blasts hit Baghdad neighborhoods and a Sunni area north of the city Sunni tribal leaders supporting militant push , Saudi intelligence source says
Ambergris Caye , in Belize , has held on to the title of world 's No. 1 island for the second year running in awards by the travel review site TripAdvisor . The island is acclaimed not only for its beaches but for its coral reef -- the second largest in the world -- limestone caves , and tracts of tropical rainforest dotted with waterfalls . Islands in Polynesia  Bora Bora  , Greece  Naxos  and Thailand  Ko Tao  , as well as Marco Island , off Florida , were other winners in the top 10 global list . Perhaps less obvious postcard-rack material , the Scottish island of Harris and Lewis ranked no. 5 worldwide and top among European islands . Alastair Lockett , from the Hebridean island 's tourist board , was not at all surprised by the accolade . With its "  pure white sand " and "  turquoise water , " Harris and Lewis -- which ranked nowhere in last year 's top 10 -- actually "  looks Caribbean , " he told CNN . Its "  accessible remoteness " and "  sense of space " were what drew people to the island , he said . Best U.S. islands Among the 10 best islands in the United States -- aside from Marco Island , at No. 1 -- were Chincoteague , in Virginia , known for its wild ponies , and San Juan island , in Washington , acclaimed for its orca-sighting . Mauii , a beautiful possible shoe-in from Hawaii , was another U.S. winner , as was the "  golfer 's paradise " of Hilton Head , South Carolina . Trailing in the wake of Lewis and Harris among 10 best European islands was Gozo , Malta ; Santorini and Cephalonia , among a clutch of Greek islands ; and Mull and Mainland , the largest of the Orkney Islands -- making up a Scottish trio . TripAdvisor 's Travelers ' Choice Island awards are based on the most highly rated hotels , restaurants and attractions listed for each island on the website during a 12-month period . The top 10 islands in the world were : 1 . Ambergris Caye , Belize 2 . Providenciales , Turks and Caicos 3 . Bora Bora , French Polynesia 4 . Marco Island , Florida 5 . Lewis and Harris , Scotland , United Kingdom 6 . Naxos , Greece 7 . Aitutaki , Cook Islands 8 . Nosy Be , Madagascar 9 . Easter Island , Chile 10 . Ko Tao , Thailand Top 10 islands in the U.S. 1 . Marco Island , Florida 2 . Chincoteague Island , Virginia 3 . Anna Maria Island , Florida 4 . San Juan Island , Washington 5 . Maui , Hawaii 6 . Kauai , Hawaii 7 . Island of Hawaii , Hawaii 8 . Nantucket , Massachusetts 9 . Hilton Head , South Carolina 10 . Key West , Florida Top 10 Islands in Europe 1 . Lewis and Harris , Scotland , United Kingdom 2 . Naxos , Greece 3 . Gozo , Malta 4 . Mainland , Orkney Islands , Scotland , United Kingdom 5 . Milos , Greece 6 . Cephalonia , Greece 7 . Santorini , Greece 8 . Capri , Italy 9 . Isle of Mull , Scotland , United Kingdom 10 . Paros , Greece	Ambergris Caye wins TripAdvisor best island award for second year running Scotland 's Harris and Lewis is new entrant at no. 5 Chincoteague , with its wild ponies , and San Juan island among U.S. top 10
New York  CNN  -- The New York Thruway Authority could have done a better job in dealing with a snowstorm that caused accidents and shut down a section of interstate highway near Buffalo , New York , an agency spokesman said Friday . The agency is reviewing emergency procedures after hundreds of snowbound motorists were left stranded along a seven-mile stretch of Interstate 90 , agency spokesman R.W. Groneman said . "  We tried to contact stranded motorists , " he said . "  We tried to bring them water and nutrition . " Authorities used plows and all-terrain vehicles to clear the road and provide food , water and gas to those stuck , and even busing stranded motorists to a senior center-turned-shelter in suburban Cheektowaga . Groneman said the agency is searching for ways it could have prevented additional motorists from joining the gridlocked section of the highway , which was closed for more than 24 hours . "  We 're looking for a better way to do that , by putting up barriers and reaching out to them , " Groneman said . The highway reopened at 6 a.m. Friday . More lake-effect snow fell on parts of upstate New York Friday , forecasters said , as residents continued digging out from the storm that left some 6-foot-high snow drifts in its wake . The National Weather Service said more than 2 feet of snow fell over the past two days in a band south and east of Buffalo , with 3 feet or more in a narrow area at the center of that band . "  When the snow first hit , I could barely get a mile from my house , " said Buffalo resident Martha Bouquin . "  It 's better now because the snow plows are in action . " Orchard Park resident Audra Wells said she can drive on roads once rendered impassable . "  Yesterday , we could n't even open our door , " she said . While packing a punch , the storm was hardly a record-setter : More than 76 inches of snow fell in Buffalo in late December 2001 , including 35.4 inches in a single 24-hour period , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . "  Normally we get several of these a year , but more down south in what we call ski country , " said National Weather Center meteorologist Judy Levan in Buffalo , New York . "  The impact of this storm was that is was over the metro areas , which caused some of the problems . " Snowbound motorist and Lake Erie resident Lynsey Branch said she had been traveling to Buffalo in an effort buy groceries and Christmas presents when she was stopped by gridlocked highways and mounting snow drifts , trapping her in her car for more than 24 hours . "  They dug me out just around 9:30 last night , " Branch said . "  We had gone over to Buffalo Wednesday night to go shopping . ... "  That 's how bad the lake effect is . " Branch said "  the whole situation could have been dealt with a lot better , " adding that there was little communication between trapped motorists and state emergency workers . "  Every time we asked a question  of New York State Police officers  there was no concrete answer , " she said . "  They were dancing around all the questions we asked them . " The National Weather Service said several inches of snow would accumulate around Lake Ontario on Friday , with lake-effect snow showers tapering off Friday evening . It was "  just too much in too short of a time , " Bob Hill , who offered his plow to help Thursday , told CNN affiliate WVIB . Shifting winds from an east-moving front combined with record-breaking warm water temperatures in Lake Erie to create the intense early December storm , meteorologists said . Frank Rodriguez , 22 , whose office backs up to the once-clogged highway , said people -- including a few truck drivers wearing only T-shirts as they waded through 21/2 f feet of snow -- had been scaling fences all day to get food and find warmth . He said the interstate was "  completely dead " most of Thursday . Ironically , his hometown of Grand Island , 11 miles north of Buffalo , had minimal snow . "  It was kind of weird -- it was almost like a blanket " covering some spots and not others a few miles away , Rodriguez said . That disparity is common with lake-effect snow , with official advisories warning about rapidly changing conditions and noting that "  the weather can vary from locally heavy snow in narrow bands to clear skies just a few miles away . " CNN 's Sean Morris , Angela Fritz and Greg Botelho contributed to this report	New York Thruway Authority could have done a better job , a spokesman says Route I-90 is reopened at 6 a.m. Friday A lake-effect snow warning continues into the afternoon Some motorists have been stranded since Thursday
CNN  -- When Keren Charles works with teenage girls in Atlanta as part of her job at Operation Prom , she relies on her upbeat , positive nature and styling expertise to get her through an occasional tough appointment . "  I admit there are some who are very specific and will not try anything other than what they want , " Charles says , "  Those I really have to work harder with and I 'll try and find something to please them . " But Charles says many of the girls that come to her are so excited to just get a prom dress that they put away any preconceived notions . "  The majority of my young ladies that come in are open . They trust me , they trust my opinion and they 're able to find something that they really like . " As was the case with 19-year-old high school student Zyna Williams , who came to Charles to find a dress a week before her prom . Zyna is getting her dress for free because of the work of Operation Prom , a nonprofit organization that helps teens in financial need , or who are sick or disabled , get formal wear for no cost . After selecting a few bright colors from her collection in her equally brightly colored private studio , Charles gently encourages Zyna to try on strapless dresses , a style she would n't normally choose . "  Again I always advise the young ladies that come in just to try on a dress because some things do n't have great hanger appeal , " Charles tells Zyna , "  but once you put it on you will probably fall in love with it , so let 's just try . " Zyna ended up choosing a short , white , strapless dress that day to attend the Alpharetta High School prom , with Charles throwing in accessories and a free hair and makeup session . For Zyna 's family , it could n't have come at a better time . Zyna 's adoptive mother , Yasaland King , says an expensive prom dress was just out of reach for her . She 's a single mom with two other children and adopted Zyna , who has cerebral palsy , 2 1/2 years ago . They came to the Atlanta Chapter of Operation Prom last year , and this year are again amazed by the outreach of the organization . King says Charles and Operation Prom are doing a phenomenal job of helping parents who are not fortunate enough to spend thousands of dollars on the whole prom experience for their children . Not having thousands of dollars for prom is something that Charles can certainly relate to . There was a time when Charles herself had to face starting over with very little . In August 2005 , Charles thought what many in New Orleans did at the time . That Katrina was just another storm so she 's take a break for a while and visit friends and family in Atlanta . It turned out to be anything but just another storm . Because they left everything back home in Louisiana , Charles and her family had to make a new life in a new city . "  Coming  to Atlanta  and having to start over , it was a tedious experience for my family , but I 've grown up with some very strong women so there 's nothing that we ca n't tackle . " After Katrina hit and Charles finally got back on her feet , the economy dealt her a second blow . Charles lost her job working as a corporate trainer , and says after those experiences she decided that she never wanted to feel like she was backed up against a wall with nothing to fall back on . "  I think with Katrina and moving here to Atlanta I always said to myself , I do n't want to ever not have a second option . " Now styling girls like Zyna is just one part of Charles ' busy schedule . She has a full-time job as the owner of Fashion Envy , a formal dress boutique in Atlanta . She is also a personal stylist and shopper . The styling goes hand in hand with her job as the Atlanta chapter director for Operation Prom . Charles does "  wardrobe audits " with her clients and encourages them to donate dresses that are sitting in their closets . She also rents dresses to clients for formal occasions and donates those , as well . Charles says she got involved with Operation Prom so she could reach out to young women in the community and use her talent in the fashion industry to help people . As a business owner and a "  promologist , " Charles is one of many chapter directors making a difference for Operation Prom . Formed in New York in 2005 , Operation Prom was born when founder Noel D'Allacco saw a need in her own community in Yonkers . "  I was an event planner and I was meeting with brides and bridesmaids who had these gorgeous bridesmaid dresses that they spent a lot of money on that they were never going to wear again , " D'Allacco says . This discovery inspired her to start collecting those unused dresses and donating them her alma mater , Saunders High School . Now Operation Prom has several chapters across the country , each one with their own "  promologist , " a term D'Allacco says she came up with to describe the chapter directors because "  they know everything there is to know about prom . " And Operation Prom 's reach goes far beyond just dresses . This year they paired with the Men 's Wearhouse to offer free tuxedo rentals for guys . It 's just another way D'Allacco and her promologists try to think of every angle that may be an added expense for teens . "  We want them to have the entire prom experience so it 's not just the tuxedo , it 's not just the dress . If we can purchase their ticket for them , we 'll do that as well , " D'Allacco says . "  If they need transportation we 'll try to seek out local limousine companies or taxi services . " Everything that Operation Prom gives to students is free , but it does come at a price . Operation Prom requires that teens who receive their services fill out an application showing that they 're in good academic standing and are eligible to graduate . D'Allacco adds that the organization does require that students demonstrate financial need , but she says she also realizes that with today 's economy , many families are facing tough times . "  As long as they complete an application they can come to one of the dress giveaway events , " D'Allacco says . Preparing thousands of dresses across the country is a tall order for Operation Prom , so they hold fundraisers , work with retailers and rely on personal donations and a huge army of volunteers to keep afloat . A night of glitz and glamour is n't reserved just for students struggling financially . Operation Prom also reaches out to a hospital in the Bronx , where each year they transform the cafeteria in to a dance hall . They give the 13 - to 18-year-olds patients the total prom experience for one night including , dresses , tuxes , hair , makeup and dancing . "  Some of the patients there have told their nurses that they completely forgot they were in the hospital , completely forgot they were sick for that night they had so much fun . " D'Allacco says her all her chapters also work with their local Departments of Social Services . Through the social workers , Operation Prom is paired with students who are in foster care or are wards of the state to provide them with formal wear , as well . Beyond just dresses and tuxedos for a high school rite of passage , D'Allacco says Operation Prom has always been meant for much more . When she created the organization , she decided PROM would stand for Providing Resources , Opportunity and Mentoring . To fulfill that goal , Operation Prom grants one $ 1,000 leadership scholarship per year and also holds school-supply drives . For Zyna Williams and Keren Charles , the simple thrill of matching the right dress with the right girl is something they both leave feeling good about . "  It definitely made me feel really good because this is what our mission is , " says Charles . "  We want to make young ladies have a dream prom . "	Operation Prom helps teens in need get formal wear for no cost Keren Charles collects dresses to donate to teenagers who ca n't afford them The nonprofit was formed in New York in 2005
CNN  Last week , I was among 14 American Muslims who met with President Barack Obama at the White House , where I delivered a handmade Valentine 's Day card from two California sisters , Sabrina and Saniya . Sabrina , who is 10 , told the President that she likes how he 's running the country , and that she plans to be an engineer or a basketball player when she grows up . She also wrote that she was worried about kids being mean to her because of her Muslim faith and asked for the President 's help amid the growing crisis of anti-Muslim hate . This week , my heart sank as I read every parent 's worst nightmare in the news : Three bright-eyed young Americans had been brutally slain in Chapel Hill , North Carolina . Deah Shaddy Barakat ; his new wife , Yusor Abu-Salha ; and her sister Razan Abu-Salha were charitable , optimistic and promising individuals who were determined to make the world a better place , but whose lives were viciously ripped away . As the facts unfold , many indications lead us to believe that this is likely a hate crime . Yusor Abu-Salha 's father has repeatedly stated that his daughter told the family that the neighbor did n't like them because of the way they looked . The accused killer 's social media posts frequently attacked religion . And the manner of death : bullets to the head . Sadly , this incident is not an isolated tragedy . Hate crimes and anti-Muslim bigotry have been escalating at an alarming rate , causing fear among families and communities of heinous attacks exactly like the one we witnessed in North Carolina . In the last few months , we have seen public figures engage in rhetoric that has only added fuel to the fire of anti-Muslim hate and bigotry . Just a few weeks ago , Texas state Rep. Molly White posted on her Facebook page about an upcoming Texas Muslim Capitol Day where students get to engage with elected leaders . In her post , White indicates that she left "  instructions to staff to ask representatives from the Muslim community to renounce Islamic terrorist groups and publicly announce allegiance to America " when they visit her office . A few months before , White posted that "  Muslims can not be trusted no matter how peaceful they appear . " Earlier , in January , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal warned Americans of fabricated "  no-go zones " in the United States where non-Muslims are not allowed to go , and insisted that immigration by Muslims should be viewed as an "  invasion , " clearly not grasping the fact that Muslims have been a part of America since their forced migration on slave ships . And it gets worse . Since the release of the movie "  American Sniper , " we have seen ugly and threatening messages on social media . One Twitter user said the film "  makes me wan na go shoot some  expletive  Arabs . " Another Twitter user suggested that people look up the list of mosques and Islamic schools in the United States  he provided them a link to a community website that compiles the names and locations of these institutions  and then attack them with guns and other heavy ammunition pictured in his tweet . Hate-filled rhetoric and threats of violence have popped up in every facet of our society . As a Muslim , it is difficult to go about my life without my faith being attacked on social media , on mainstream cable news and in my community . At last week 's meeting , I asked the President to host a summit to examine discrimination directed at people of faith in America . While Obama announced Friday that the FBI has begun an inquiry into Tuesday 's horrific killings in North Carolina , now , more than ever , we need the President and Attorney General Holder to speak from the podium and personally address the larger issue of anti-Muslim bigotry . Furthermore , it is critical for Holder , our nation 's chief law enforcement officer , to direct and complete a rigorous federal investigation on the attack and make it clear that violence against anyone based on how they look or how they pray will not be tolerated . In fact , 150 organizations have signed onto a letter asking Holder for such an investigation . As Americans , we want all our children to grow up with the same opportunities . We want all our families to be able to practice our faiths and be part of communities that celebrate and welcome diversity . We want to keep our communities safe from acts of violence . Today , Muslim , Arab , Sikh and South Asian-American parents are hugging their children a little tighter , feeling helpless to protect them from others who hate them simply because of how they look or the way they pray . As we carry the torch for Deah , Yusor and Razan and remember the great things they accomplished in their beautiful lives , let us also honor their memory by ensuring that young children such as Sabrina and Saniya are not targets of future hate crimes . Let us assure tomorrow 's rising stars that they can grow up in a world where they do n't have to fear their fellow Americans . Let us create a nation where Sabrina does n't feel the need to ask her President to protect her from hate .	Farhana Khera : Hate crimes and anti-Muslim bigotry have been escalating at alarming rate Khera says 150 groups are urging investigation of Chapel Hill killings as hate crime
Real Simple  -- Want to elevate your home without taking on a complete overhaul ? Interior decorator Nick Olsen -- DIY whisperer and master of the cheap trick -- reveals the little tweaks that make the biggest impact . Real Simple : How did you get started in this field ? Nick Olsen : Right after getting my architecture degree , I read about the designer Miles Redd in a magazine . I was so blown away by his bold aesthetic and everything he 'd accomplished by the age of 35 that I wrote him a letter asking for a meeting . Two weeks later , I had my first full-time job , as his assistant . It was fate ! Real Simple : 3 decorators give readers ' rooms makeovers Real Simple : What 's one quick change that will improve any room ? Olsen : Lower the artwork . People tend to hang it too high ; it should be at eye level . And do n't worry about having something on each wall . It 's better to cluster art in one or two spots than to spread it out . Real Simple : Decorating a huge room can be intimidating . How do you deal with soaring spaces ? Olsen : My philosophy is to fill them with large-scale furniture and art . If you 're a less-is-more type , go for one massive piece , like an amazing painting over the sofa . Real Simple : Suppose you ca n't afford art that big ? Olsen : Buy a blank canvas and paint it yourself . Pick the most interesting color in the room  as long as it 's not already the dominant color  and just cover the canvas in that shade , using the same paint you 'd use for walls . There 's no way to mess this up , and it costs next to nothing . Google -LSB- famed abstract artist -RSB- Ellsworth Kelly for inspiration . He has pieces like this hanging in the Whitney Museum . Real Simple : 21 ways to enhance an entryway Real Simple : Any tips for jazzing up a minuscule space ? Olsen : Nearly every room has a door . Work it . Paint it a glossy black : It takes only two hours and gives a room instant sass but wo n't eat up any valuable real estate . Real Simple : Say you can revamp only one room . How do you keep the rest of the place from looking shabby ? Olsen : Fiercely edit the undone rooms . Get rid of the junk ; keep only essentials . You 'll be poised to redecorate when the time comes $ " and until then your rooms will feel calmer . Tell visitors you 're experimenting with minimalism . Real Simple : 40 living room decorating ideas Real Simple : What do you always want to fix when you go into someone 's living room ? Olsen : The floor plan and lighting ! Real Simple : Break that down for us . Olsen : A good living room needs a comfortable place to sit , a place to rest your drink , and a place to read a book . But people default to the school-dance arrangement , where everything is pushed back against the walls . So I start by moving the furniture closer together , toward the center of the room . Then I fill out the arrangement with occasional chairs and tables to create functional seating areas . It makes the space feel so much more intimate and conversational . Real Simple : 20 low-cost decorating ideas Real Simple : And for the lighting ? Olsen : If we 've learned anything from the movie Gremlins , it 's that bright light is the enemy . Install dimmers , or change your bulbs to extra-soft white 40-watt bulbs . That $ 30 investment makes a huge difference . Real Simple : What if you have a room that just feels blah ? Olsen : A common feature of boring rooms is a lack of color . Start there , and think from the ground up . Buy a patterned rug you love : here 's your palette . Go for a geometric dhurrie if you like modern , or multicolored stripes if you 're more traditional . You can pull the wall and furniture colors from the rug , then pick up its accent tones in pillows and other accessories . Real Simple : 23 decorating tricks for your bedroom Real Simple : Speaking of color , are there any surprising shades you 're really into right now ? Olsen : I think fuchsia should be the color of the year . It 's so rich and chic , it 's like red 's hipper sister . I 'd use Benjamin Moore 's Gypsy Pink on walls in a room with neutral furniture and gray trim . Or just do the ceiling  use high-gloss for that  . Real Simple : One piece of advice you 'd shout from the rooftops ? Olsen : Stop overthinking every little change and just try it ! It 's easy to say , "  Oh , that desk will never work next to my bed . " Move it and see how it looks . Sometimes pulling that blue armchair from the den into your green living room can work miracles . Real Simple : 16 before-and-after room makeovers Real Simple : Name an item you 'd like to banish for good . Olsen : That poufy , marshmallow-shaped leather sofa from 1988 . I ca n't slipcover it , I ca n't change it , and I ca n't convince someone that it 's not really comfortable , because it is really comfortable . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Start simple : Hanging artwork lower on the wall will improve any room More DIY decor tips : Do n't ignore the door , paint it ! Turn it down -- bright light is the enemy
Former President Jimmy Carter lauded the decision to normalize diplomatic relations with and ease sanctions imposed on Cuba , steps he said would benefit the Cuban people and not the country 's autocratic rulers . Carter said President Barack Obama 's decision to change the dynamic of the U.S.-Cuba relationship "  very wise and courageous " and said he hopes Congress will move to end the embargo on Cuba . "  I think this is a good move , for both Cubans and Americans . I think it will be a major step forward to bring about more freedom and democracy and more respect for human rights in Cuba as well . " Carter said Wednesday on CNN . "  It 's long overdue . " Related : Historic thaw in U.S.-Cuba relations Obama settled a landmark deal to normalize relations between the two countries in a phone call with Cuban President Raul Castro this week . The call between the two leaders capped more than a year of secret discussions to secure the release of American aid worker Alan Gross . Obama released three convicted Cuban spies , but secured the release of 53 political prisoners held in Cuba , a Cuban national who spied for the U.S. and won concessions from Castro to free up Internet access in Cuba . Carter jumped to Obama 's defense following a chorus of attacks from Republicans led by Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida who say Obama 's decision amounted to appeasement of a totalitarian government that will lead to anything but democratization . Related : 2016 Republicans slam Cuba announcement "  It is a lifeline for the Castro regime that will allow them to become more profitable ... and allow them to become a more permanent fixture , " Rubio , the son of Cuban immigrants , said Wednesday on CNN . "  The embargo is leverage , these sanctions are leverage . " Carter , who has traveled to Cuba several times and met with both Fidel and Raul Castro , called Rubio 's comments "  absolutely ridiculous . " " -LSB- The embargo -RSB- does n't hurt the Castro brothers , it just hurts the people of Cuba -- about 11 million of them -- who have had to suffer because of our own imposed economic sanctions , " Carter said . Related : American Alan Gross freed by Cuba Carter added that Obama 's decisions to ease the trade embargo -- which will include allowing the export of telecommunications equipment to Cuba and more travel authorizations to the country -- will help open up Cuban society and foster democracy . And Carter added that Americans could also benefit if the embargo is lifted . "  We 're the only ones that ca n't go to Cuba , " Carter said , referencing the ban preventing Americans from going to Cuba as tourists .	Former President Jimmy Carter has been critical of President Obama 's foreign policy in the past But Carter said Obama 's move to normalize relations with Cuba took courage and is long overdue
CNN  -- Chelsea kept the pressure on English Premier League title rivals Arsenal and Manchester City with a dominant victory over Manchester United -- and heaped more trouble on the defending champions . Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o grabbed his first hat trick for Chelsea to seal a 3-1 win Sunday which edged Chelsea to within two points of league leaders Arsenal . Manchester United had started strongly at Stamford Bridge and the opening strike from Eto'o , which took a heavy deflection , came against the run of play . United pressed on and both Belgian teenage winger Adnan Januzaj and England striker Danny Welbeck came close to equalizing but it was effectively game over when Eto'o pounced again on the stroke of halftime , poking in Gary Cahill 's cross . The pair combined again after the break , with Eto'o dinking in Cahill 's rebounded header before dancing away to celebrate his hat-trick . The home side took their foot off the gas in the closing stages of the match and Javier Hernandez slid in to grab a consolation goal for United . But United boss David Moyes could only roll his eyes in despair when his captain Nemanja Vidic was shown a straight red card for a late challenge on Eden Hazard in the closing seconds of the match . Chelsea 's victory also brought up 100 EPL victories for manager Jose Mourinho in just 142 matches . The feisty Portuguese manager might be pleased to know that he has ticked off 100 Premier League wins faster than his old rival Sir Alex Ferguson , who needed 162 matches in charge of Manchester United to reach the milestone . For United , who are seventh in the table and 14 points off Arsenal 's lead , and Moyes , victory over their chief rivals would be tonic enough for now . "  Of course 100 matches is nice , it 's one more fantastic thing for my career , " Mourinho told broadcaster Sky Sports . "  But the most important thing is to win the match . "  It now opens a little gap between us , Man Utd and Liverpool and we are in contact with Arsenal and Manchester City . " Commenting on the title defense , Moyes added : "  It 's a long way away . We 'll never say it 's gone for us and we 'll do our best to get back in it if we can . " In Sunday 's other match , Tottenham moved level on points with fourth-placed Liverpool with a 3-1 away win at Swansea . Emmanuel Adebayor scored twice while Swansea defender Chico Flores inadvertently turned the ball into his own net . Tottenham are unbeaten in the EPL since Tim Sherwood replaced Andre Villas-Boas at the helm while Swansea , under the leadership of Michael Laudrup , have now gone eight league games without a win and hover near the drop zone . Atletico Madrid threw away a golden chance to take the lead in the Spanish league as they settled for a draw with Sevilla . David Villa found his scoring boots again to fire the home side into the lead only for a rash challenge from Juanfran to undo his good work . The defender pulled back Sevilla 's Carlos Bacca in the box late on and Ivan Rakitic coolly slotted the resulting penalty beyond the reaching fingertips of keeper Thibaut Courtois Atletico stay second behind La Liga champions Barcelona , who were also held to a 1-1 draw by Levante . Loukas Vyntra headed the home side into the lead in the first half only for Gerard Pique to do likewise at the opposite end of the pitch to level the score . Barcelona , who welcomed star man Lionel Messi back for his first league start of 2014 , poured forward but the home side dug in and delivered a defensive display which earned them a share of the points , a result which the Levante home fans joyously celebrated like a victory . The Spanish league is proving to be as fiercely fought as the EPL with Barcelona and Atletico both on 51 points with Real Madrid one point further back . At least in France Paris Saint-Germain can bask five points clear at the top of Ligue 1 following a 5-0 thrashing of Nantes . Brazil centre-back Thaigo Silva opened the scoring for PSG after just 10 minutes and the league 's top scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic soon doubled their advantage from the penalty spot . Thiago Motta and Edinson Cavani got on the scoresheet before star striker Ibrahimovic sealed the rout . Monaco ticked off a 2-0 win over Toulouse thanks to goals from Layvin Kurzawa and Lucas Ocampos . The victory for Claudio Ranieri 's men kept them within touching distance of PSG . "  It 's an important win but we need to back it up , " Ranieri said . "  We had n't played well in our last two matches and it 's good for the group 's confidence to rediscover winning ways . " It was an anxious wait for new AC Milan coach Clarence Seedorf but the player-turned-coach had Mario Balotelli to thank for making it a winning start to his management career . The former Manchester City striker stroked home a late penalty , after Kaka was brought down , to seal a 1-0 win over Verona Sunday . "  We dedicate this win to the new coach , " said Balotelli . "  Because the first game in charge of a team is always difficult . " Milan are 11th in Serie A , which is led comfortably by Juventus from Roma , Napoli and Fiorentina .	Chelsea defeat Manchester United 3-1 with Samuel Eto'o hat trick Victory edges Chelsea to within two points of leaders Arsenal Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho wins 100 EPL match in record time Barcelona draw but hold La Liga lead as Paris Saint-Germain pull clear in France
CNN  -- The gruesome images circulated by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria might have grabbed the headlines in recent weeks , but the group is merely the latest in the Arab world to try to manipulate Islam for their own ends . From the days of the first Islamic dynasty , ruling elites in the Muslim world have co-opted religion to advance their interests , a trend that has continued hand-in-hand with a willingness to use the state security apparatus whenever necessary . But despite the depressing videos of beheadings supposedly undertaken in the name of Islam , there is growing pushback from moderate voices . The Arab Spring may be on hold , but what I call an Islamic Spring is still very much alive . There are almost half a billion Arabic speakers around the world , but in its early incarnations , the Arabic-language Internet was dominated by conservative , Islamist and Wahhabi radical content . Indeed , what struck me most during my years as a counterterrorism researcher was the ease with which one could access hundreds of thousands of extremist texts . Al Qaeda , for example , offered free-of-charge audio and video libraries . The Muslim Brotherhood , for its part , offered numerous free online libraries . Even conservative religious books , rather than radical texts , were just more readily available online than secular-leaning content . Reform-oriented voices , meanwhile , were pushed underground , intimidated by the political and religious alliance confronting them . But pushed underground did n't mean not read , a point underscored by research I was involved with in 2008 as part of a study with the RAND Corp. . Indeed , we marveled at the fact that many of these banned books were widely circulating , despite the fact that they were extremely difficult to obtain . Fast-forward to today , though , and many of these once-hard-to-find publications are readily available with a click of a mouse . So what happened ? Unsurprisingly , technology has played a key role , rendering censorship ineffective . As recently as 2010 , when I was undertaking doctoral research on liberal Islamic thought , I toured every major bookstore in Amman and could not find a single book by secularist Syrian intellectual Sadiq Jalal al-Azm . Now , however , pirated versions of his banned books , including "  Critique of Religious Thought , " are available online . But while it is interesting to note how online sharing has extended to books written by current Islamic scholars , it is particularly fascinating how quickly access has improved to translated works such as those of Bertrand Russell and biologist Richard Dawkins . Arab young people now have access to a well of thought not only from their own heritage but from the global community . And while the Internet has expanded as a source of material , it has also , crucially , stimulated debate and discussion of issues , which has in turn generated even greater interest . The free debate of ideas was generally rare in classrooms in much of the Arab world , where education has tended to be based on rote memorization . The religious revolution has been particularly obvious on Facebook , with pages such as Takharif al-Bukhari  Nonsense of al-Bukhari  , referring to one of the chief collectors of the Prophet 's hadith , or oral tradition . The administrators of the page highlight contradictions in the hadith attributed to the Prophet Mohammed , unearthing all-but-forgotten episodes of Islamic history and sparking impassioned debate with every new post . And , far from insulting Islam , such pages urge readers to discover the truth for themselves , often linking to original texts in the process . Another forum , Al-Hiwar al-Mutamadin  Civilized Dialogue  , which calls for a separation of mosque from state , has over 2 million participants . Such numbers are only likely to grow on the back of greater Internet access . Businessman and entrepreneurship guru Chris Schroeder noted in "  Startup Rising : The Entrepeneurial Revolution Remaking the Middle East " that social media usage is growing by about 125 % a year in the Arab world , a reality that has encouraged intellectuals to engage with Arab youth directly on issues such as reform and enlightenment . Many of these thought leaders are producing and uploading their own shows onto YouTube , reaching and interacting directly with their target audience . Indeed , YouTube has become a sort of official TV channel for the Arab masses . Adnan Ibrahim , a Palestinian physician who grew up in Gaza , delves deep into Islam to find and highlight humanistic messages of love , pluralism and tolerance . And while his sermons are sometimes delivered to just a few dozen followers in a small mosque in Vienna , hundreds of thousands of people are watching and downloading his sermons over the Internet . Similarly , a group of Egyptian young men and women created a show on YouTube entitled "  Al-Batt al-Aswad "  "  The Black Duck "  . Muhammad Ismael , its charismatic creator , advocates freedom of conscience for all and calls for such freedom to be included in the Egyptian constitution . With well over 70 episodes , the show has seen its following grow , forcing several official television stations to report on its audacious ideas and interview some of the self-proclaimed atheists . Despite their diverse backgrounds and points of view , what is noticeable about these thought leaders is their humanist and secular perspective , their vast knowledge of both Western and Eastern thought and the creative , sometimes audacious , ways in which they present their messages to Arabic speakers . Like the scholars of the classical age of Islam , many of these intellectuals are physicians , engineers , lawyers and scientists able to engage with young people in debates in a way in which traditional theologians are often unwilling to tolerate . All this suggests that although the Arab Spring has disappointed many in the region who might have been hoping it heralded a new era of openness and tolerance , the long-term prognosis is actually extremely encouraging . Groups like ISIS might be grabbing headlines with their use of social media to circulate outrageous images , but the one-sided dissemination of hateful speech is no match for the more moderate voices able to engage in a free flow of debate and dialogue that is winning over many in the region , especially young people . These more moderate views are underscored in polling by Pew , which showed , for example , declining support for suicide bombing in Jordan  from a high of 57 % believing it can be justified in 2005 to 15 % this year  and Lebanon  where the number seeing it as acceptable dipped from 74 % in 2002 to 29 % this year  . The impact of the Islamic Spring might be more subtle , and the results might not be as visually dramatic as those of the Arab Spring . But in the long run , it may have a more lasting impact in undermining the extremists and state puppets of religion .	Tech rendered censorship largely ineffective in Arab world , argues Nadia Oweidat Social media usage is growing by 125 % a year in the region , by one estimate Moderate voices are taking to Facebook and YouTube to debate ideas , Oweidat says
CNN  -- Manchester City moved up to second place in the English Premier League on Tuesday night after an emphatic 3-0 win over city rivals Manchester United at Old Trafford . Two goals from Edin Dzeko and a late strike from Yaya Toure eased Manuel Pellegrini 's title chasers to within three points of leaders Chelsea while consigning United to a 10th league defeat this season . City carried on where Liverpool had left off nine days ago , running wild through United 's defense from the kick-off . Home fans must have feared a cricket score when Dzeko scored after 44 seconds -- redirecting the ball into the net after Samir Nasri 's shot had rebounded off the post . The Bosnian striker should have made it 2-0 in the 18th minute but produced a tame shot which was comfortably palmed away by United goalkeeper David De Gea . As the half wore on United came back into the game but created little in front of goal . The break only served to re-energize the visitors who buzzed around with purpose in the final third and it was n't long before their lead was doubled . Nasri 's corner was met superbly by Dzeko in the 55th minute who coolly side-footed a volley past a flailing De Gea . United tried in vain to half the deficit but with a minute remaining Yaya Toure delivered the hammer blow , making space on the edge of United 's penalty area before sweeping a low shot into the bottom left corner . City now have 66 points and trail leaders Chelsea by three points , but have two games in hand on Jose Mourinho 's side . United , meanwhile , are 15 points behind city with 51 points from 31 games . A top four finish looks increasingly unlikely . In the Premier League 's other two fixtures on Tuesday , Arsenal could only manage a 2-2 draw against Swansea City at the Emirates . Wilfried Bony gave the visitors an 11th minute lead before two second-half strikes in two minutes -- Lukas Podolski followed by Olivier Giroud -- put the Gunners ahead with a quarter-of-an-hour to play . But disaster struck in the shape of a Mathieu Flamini own goal in injury time to see Arsene Wenger 's side lose further ground on the leaders following a 6-0 mauling at Stamford Bridge last Saturday . Arsenal have 63 points from 31 games and remain in fourth . Swansea stay in 15th and now have 30 points . David Moyes ' old side , Everton continue to thrive under new manager Roberto Martinez . The Toffees eased to a 3-0 win over Newcastle at St James ' Park -- a result that sees them rise to fifth on 57 points , one point ahead of Tottenham Hotspur . Third-place Liverpool play Sunderland at Anfield on Wednesday . Read more : Bayern Munich clinch Bundesliga title Read more : Teen star cleared to make U.S. debut	Manchester City beat Man United 3-0 at Old Trafford to move up to second in table Goals from Edin Dzeko and Yaya Toure consign Utd to 10th league defeat this season Arsenal draw with Swansea City ; Everton beat Newcastle 3-0
CNN  -- He is but a dot in the ocean , gathering speed and rapidly rising as a mammoth wall of water expands below and behind him . Simultaneously fearsome and awesome , this may be the moment Hawaiian rider Garret McNamara on Monday broke his own record for the largest wave ever surfed . Caught off the coast of the small fishing village of Nazar , Portugal , the monster wave was reported to be more than 100 feet high , or 30.5 meters . "  It was just this endless drop and my feet were popping out of the straps , " McNamara told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  It was like my whole body was shattering . It was really difficult . " If accurate , the wave towers over his 2011 surf of a 78-footer  24 meter  at the same location . Nazar officials have requested an impartial verification of a possible new world record . Thanks to one of the only deep water canyons in the world that connects to shore , Praia do Norte -- the north beach of Nazar -- sees abnormally large waves . A group of extreme surfers descended on the Portugal coast this past week , providing some amazing experiences for onshore observers and some very social media-friendly video and photos . McNamara was first invited by the Nazar Town Hall in 2010 as part of a three-year project to explore the local coast 's unique geomorphic phenomenon and to bring more awareness to the area as a destination for big-wave enthusiasts . Though onlookers were spellbound by McNamara 's ride , the surfer said he did n't get that much of a rush . "  I do n't know what 's wrong with me . There 's definitely something wrong , " McNamara said in his interview with Cooper .	Garret McNamara 's wave believed to be 100 feet high Small Portuguese fishing village has some of the world 's most dangerous surf Giant swells generated by unique deep water canyons
CNN  -- In a dusty old attic in Chattanooga , Tennessee , Stephon Tull was rummaging through dilapidated boxes left there by his father many years before , when he came across an interesting find . In one of the battered boxes was an audio reel marked , "  Dr. King interview , Dec. 21 , 1960 . " "  I 'm a rummager , a packrat , " said Tull . "  That piqued my interest . " Tull acquired a reel-to-reel player and listened to what sounded like his father interviewing Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. about nonviolence and the civil rights movement . "  I could not believe what I was hearing , " said Tull . Tull 's father had grown up in Tennessee during the years of racial tension , oppression , and the so-called "  Jim Crow " segregation laws . "  He planned on writing a book on how bad things were back in that era , " said Tull , but he never finished it , "  He fell ill , and is now in Hospice care . " Tull 's father 's recorded his conversation with King three years before the civil rights leader delivered his famous "  I Have a Dream " speech in Washington , four years before President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act into law and eight years before King was assassinated in Memphis , across the state from where Tull 's father lived . In the interview , King can clearly be heard discussing his definition of nonviolence , and its importance in the civil rights movement . "  I would ... say that it is a method which seeks to secure a moral end through moral means , " he said , "  and it grows out of the whole concept of love , because if one is truly nonviolent that person has a loving spirit , he refuses to inflict injury upon the opponent because he loves the opponent . " King continued , "  I am convinced that when the history books are written in future years , historians will have to record this movement as one of the greatest epics of our heritage , " he said . "  It represents struggle on the highest level of dignity and discipline . " The Rev. Joseph Lowery , one of the founders of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference with King in 1957 , said the tapes are a reminder of the work King started that is not finished . "  One of the things that occurred back then , we effectively communicated that nonviolence as a tactic , as a technique , was very effective for civil rights protests , " said Lowery . "  What we failed to do was express it 's not just a tactic , but a way of life . " Lowery went on , "  We 're losing the battle of violence versus nonviolence as a means of resolving human conflict , " he said , "  I hope Dr. King 's message , wherever it shows up will help us in the struggle . " In another part of Tull 's recording , King describes a recent trip to Africa . He explains to Tull 's father the importance of the civil rights movement both in the United States and abroad . "  There is quite a bit of interest and concern in Africa for the situation in the United States . African leaders in general , and African people in particular are greatly concerned about the struggle here and familiar with what has taken place , " he said , "  We must solve this problem of racial injustice if expect to maintain our leadership in the world , and if we expect to maintain a moral voice in a world that is two thirds color . " The recording is intriguing to Clayborne Carson , a professor of history and founding director of the Martin Luther King , Jr. , Research and Education Institute at Stanford University . "  It 's hard to know what we 're dealing with , " he said , "  There are thousands of interviews with Dr. King , and it 's hard to tell the historical significance of this  one  . " "  What is interesting about this is rather than just a transcript , you can hear his voice , " he added . In 1985 , King 's widow , the late Coretta Scott King , invited Carson to direct a long-term project to edit and publish the civil rights leader 's works . Based on the dates , Carson believes the African trip King mentioned in the recording was his trip to Nigeria . This is what Carson and his colleagues are most interested in . "  The trip to Nigeria is something we do n't have a lot of information about , " he said , "  In Nigeria he did n't do press conferences , did n't do interviews or write letters we know of . " Keya Morgan , a collector and expert on rare historical artifacts , authenticated the reel , and is working with Tull to arrange a sale through his Keya Gallery in New York . He says he hopes the recording will find a good home in a museum or at a university . "  When I heard it , I got goose bumps all over , " Morgan said , "  It feels like he 's sitting in your living room and talking to you . " One scholar 's commitment to Dr. King 's teaching	The reel-to-reel tape is an interview from 1960 It was collecting dust in an attic in Chattanooga , Tennessee The interview was recorded three years before King 's "  I Have a Dream " speech The historical significance of the tape is unclear
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli soldiers have so far detained more than 150 Palestinian suspects in the search for three teenagers who Israel says were kidnapped , the military announced Sunday . Among those detained were Hamas leaders and operatives , the military said . "  We are determined to bring them home and bring the perpetrators of their abduction to justice , " said Lt. Col. Peter Lerner , a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces . "  People have just dropped off the face of the earth and the three boys , who are our main concern , are the focus of our efforts , " Lerner told CNN . "  Hamas are behind that , and we are doing everything we can to shake them up as soon as possible in order to bring the boys home . " The teens went missing in Jewish settlements in the West Bank late last week . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke Monday with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and told him to "  assist in returning the abducted youths and in apprehending the kidnappers , " according to Netanyahu 's office . He blamed Hamas for the kidnapping . "  Those who perpetrated the abduction of our youths were members of Hamas -- the same Hamas that Abu Mazen made a unity government with , " he said Sunday . Abu Mazen is another name for Abbas , whose government now includes Hamas , which controls Gaza . "  The consequences of the partnership with Hamas must be understood : It is bad for Israel , bad for the Palestinians and bad for the region , " Netanyahu said . Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported that in a statement released by his office , Abbas condemned the kidnappings and called on all sides to refrain from violence . One of the three boys is a dual Israeli-American citizen , according to CNN affiliate Channel 10 Israel , which attributed the information to a source at Netanyahu 's office . Israeli and U.S. officials have not publicly confirmed the report . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called Sunday for the immediate release of the boys . "  We are still seeking details on the parties responsible for this despicable terrorist act , although many indications point to Hamas ' involvement , " Kerry said in a written statement that offered support to the Israeli government . "  As we gather this information , we reiterate our position that Hamas is a terrorist organization known for its attacks on innocent civilians and which has used kidnapping in the past . " Netanyahu : Israeli forces can use ` all measures ' to free teens ` We 'll hug them soon ' Gilad Shaar , 16 ; Naftali Frenkel , 16 ; and Eyal Yifrach , 19 , have been missing since late Thursday or Friday and were last seen around Gush Etzion , according to the IDF . The three "  were just on their way home , " Naftali 's mother , Racheli Frankel , told reporters Sunday . "  We trust " that they "  will be with us here , and we 'll hug them soon ... and God willing , we 'll all be able to celebrate their return safely , " she said . She thanked the security forces for their efforts and the U.S. Embassy for its support . "  We feel waves and waves of prayers and support and positive energy in this direction . " Netanyahu has given security forces the OK to use "  all measures " at their disposal to find the teenagers . The Palestinian Ministry of Information said in a written statement that the arrests come under "  flimsy pretexts " as a "  continuation of the aggression " on Palestinians . "  The ministry also asserts that the Israeli military campaign has been on going for decades , during which  Israel  kidnapped the entire Palestinian people , " it said . Hamas responds A Hamas spokesman in Gaza told CNN that Netanyahu 's comments attributing blame were "  stupid and baseless . " "  The arrest campaign made by the Israeli occupation in the West Bank is targeted to break the backbone of Hamas and bring it down , but the Israelis will not succeed in achieving their goal , " Sami Abu Zuhri said . But Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said the kidnappings are a reminder of Hamas ' tactics . "  When the Fatah-Hamas government was formed last month , the international community quickly recognized and welcomed it , " he wrote in a Facebook post . "  Suddenly , Hamas ' cruel acts of terrorism were forgotten , their never-ending attempts to harm innocent civilians , along with the Hamas Charter , which calls for the total destruction of the state of Israel . " Now , he wrote , "  the international community has been given a second chance to correct its moral , diplomatic and strategic mistakes . Wall to wall condemnations of the kidnapping are called for , as well as placing responsibility on the Palestinian government , including the threat of taking physical , economic and diplomatic steps against it . " But , he wrote , the international community is "  keeping silent , and by doing so , not only are the Palestinians receiving a false , lenient message , but Israel also understands again that she has no one to count on but herself , something that will not encourage further compromises on her part in the near future . " ' #BringBackOurBoys ' The abduction of the three teens inspired social media users to use the hashtag #BringBackOurBoys , a reference to the #BringBackOurGirls campaign for more than 200 Nigerian school girls who were kidnapped by militants . The thread quickly became contentious , with pro-Palestinian users alleging many Palestinian children have been kidnapped by Israeli soldiers and imprisoned . A "  Bring Back Our Boys " Facebook page calling for an end to "  the terrorism against Israel " had more than 50,000 likes Sunday . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Steve Almasy , Josh Levs and Deborah Doft contributed to this report	Affiliate : One of three boys is a dual Israeli-American citizen Missing teen 's mom : They "  were just on their way home " Palestinian ministry and Hamas denounce Israel 's arrests of Palestinians Israeli deputy minister slams international community for "  keeping silent "
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama will participate in a full day of discussion with African leaders Wednesday , turning the conversation to "  overall prosperity " in the third and final day of the African Leaders Summit in Washington , D.C. . A White House official told CNN that the President will highlight the "  complex security challenges " African countries face and how the United States can support them . The panel discussion is focused on "  Peace and Regional Stability , " one of three in which Obama will participate at the U.S. State Department Wednesday . "  U.S. assistance seeks to enable African governments to protect civilians , strengthen security forces that respect human rights , and move away from the need for costly outside intervention . The discussion also will broach ways to build African capacity in terms of peacekeeping , counterterrorism , and maritime security , among other areas , " the White House official told CNN . 5 reasons Obama 's Africa leaders ' summit matters In May , the President announced plans for a Counterterrorism Partnership Fund that would allow the U.S. to train and support countries fighting to eradicate terrorists such as al Qaeda and bring peace to African nations such as Yemen , Somalia , Libya , Mali , and particularly in Nigeria , against the threat of Boko Haram . Administration officials have suggested that the drawdown of troops in Afghanistan could be used to pay for this effort . Earlier in the week , the summit brought together heads of state from Africa and top White House officials -- Secretary of State John Kerry and Vice President Joe Biden -- who addressed leaders on issues from economic development to human rights , as well as government corruption and transparency . Obama will focus on these issues in a separate panel at the State Department centered on governance . Bill Clinton : America has ` barely scratched the surface ' on African investment The theme of inclusiveness will color this discussion as the President discusses ways to encourage sustainable growth and root out corruption . "  The United States is a committed partner to those working to build vibrant , democratic societies , " a White House official told CNN . "  Many African nations have made demonstrable progress instituting democratic reforms , though political institutions in many countries remain fragile . The United States helps build capacity for effective , accountable , and responsive governance , supports civil society and independent media , and helps improve the credibility and transparency of elections and other democratic processes . " First lady Michelle Obama and former first lady Laura Bush will host a symposium on investments in education , health and public-private partnerships that runs simultaneously to the President 's discussion . According to White House National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes , one of the key focuses of the discussion is Michelle Obama 's commitment to girls ' education and the empowerment of women in Africa . Africa and U.S. : Invest in human rights	Obama will discuss "  overall prosperity " on the last day of the Africa summit Talks will focus on security , 3 months after Obama launched counterterrorism fund for Africa Obama also tackles corruption in Africa , a topic Biden addressed during the summit
CNN  -- A U.S. Navy submarine and a Navy amphibious ship that collided Friday in the Strait of Hormuz south of Iran have arrived in Bahrain to be assessed for damage , the Navy said . The submarine USS Hartford and amphibious ship USS New Orleans are shown in Navy photos . The submarine USS Hartford and amphibious ship USS New Orleans arrived Saturday in Mina Salman pier to "  to further assess and evaluate the damage that resulted from their collision at sea , " the service said in a written statement . Fifteen sailors were slightly hurt aboard the Hartford in the collision , which occurred early Friday morning . On Friday , Navy officials in Washington told CNN that there was significant damage to the sail , or tower-like structure on the topside of the submarine . On Saturday , the Navy said there was no damage to the submarine 's propulsion unit . No injuries were reported aboard the New Orleans . The ship 's fuel tank ruptured , spilling 25,000 gallons of marine diesel fuel in the Strait of Hormuz , the U.S. Navy said in the Saturday statement . "  Aerial searches of the area where the fuel spill occurred were conducted yesterday , and revealed no indication of any remaining fuel on the ocean 's surface , " the Navy said . "  The quick dissipation of the fuel is likely due to the type of fuel , and various environmental factors to include air and water temperatures , winds and seas . " When the collision occurred , both vessels were headed to ports in the Persian Gulf to stock up on provisions and allow for some recreation , Navy spokesman Lt. Nate Christensen said Friday . Christensen said there were about 200 sailors in the sub and 1,000 sailors and Marines aboard the ship . The Strait of Hormuz is located between the United Arab Emirates and Iran , linking the Gulf of Oman and the Persian Gulf . It is heavily used by oil tankers . Both vessels are on regularly scheduled deployments to the U.S. Navy Central Command area of responsibility , and conduct Maritime Security Operations .	Vessels in Bahrain "  to further assess and evaluate the damage , " says Navy USS Hartford , USS New Orleans collided near Arabian Peninsula 15 sailors on Hartford slightly injured Fuel tank on New Orleans ruptured , spilling 25,000 gallons of fuel
CNN  -- Egypt 's revolution has made life tougher still for Cairo 's 80,000 taxi drivers , struggling to make a living on the city 's chaotic , congested and potholed streets , says the author who has written a best-selling book about them . Khaled AlKhamissi 's novel "  Taxi , " first published in 2006 , has been translated into 10 languages . It features 58 fictional monologues with taxi drivers recreated from his own experience . A new post-revolution English edition has just been published . Despite the optimism that swept Egypt after president Hosni Mubarak was toppled in February , AlKhamissi said taxi drivers , and the rest of the country 's poor , have in fact suffered more since then . "  My taxi drivers are among the 55 % of the population living under the poverty line of $ 2 a day , " said AlKhamissi . "  Those 55 % were not on the streets during the revolution and are without a real voice now . "  They are wise , they are watching , they are analyzing , but they are not acting . " He added : "  Life has changed for them in the wrong direction . It 's worse for them because we have no security and living on the streets without security is dangerous . "  There is less tourism and more chaos on the streets . " AlKhamissi said it was too early to tell if life was improving for the middle classes who took to the streets during the revolution . "  We are in the middle of a battle , and during the battle we ca n't see whether life is improving or not , " he said . AlKhamissi , whose second novel "  Noah 's Ark " -- also a bestseller -- was published in 2009 , said he stopped writing his third novel at the start of the uprising on January 25 this year and has been unable to concentrate on writing since . "  It 's impossible to write because my mind is taken with what is happening day after day , hour after hour , " he said . Since January , AlKhamissi has filled his time with a weekly newspaper column , lectures and speaking events . But the author wants to get back to writing fiction . "  Every night I want to write because it is my only job , my only happiness , " he said . "  I have to find a solution soon or I will die . " "  Taxi " was credited with single-handedly reviving an interest in reading in Egypt , according to its publisher Bloomsbury Qatar Foundation , but AlKhamissi denies his book is responsible . He said : "  Some journalists have said that about my book , but it 's nonsense to say that one book or 10 books can change reading habits . "  Reading has increased in the last six years , but it has taken many social factors . We have had a cultural revolution in the last six years in all matters : Theater , music , fiction and publishing . "  This cultural revolution is related to youth searching for a dream . " AlKhamissi said he dreams of an Egypt where taxi drivers could have the time and education to read his -- or any other -- book . "  They do n't have time to read because they are struggling to survive , " he said . "  When we can increase the quality of education and decrease poverty , then they will be able to read . I 'm not interested in whether they read my book , I just hope they will read anything . " Another novelist credited with changing reading habits in Egypt is Ahmed Khaled Towfik , a 49-year-old medical professor described by Bloomsbury Qatar Foundation as the Arab world 's most prominent bestselling author of fantasy and horror . He has written more than 200 books , selling millions of copies . He said he was among the first Egyptian authors to write for young people . "  Twenty years ago there was nothing for 16 , 17 , 18-year-olds to read , " said Towfik . "  We invented popular literature . I think I made the youth fond of reading . "  I think most of my readers were in Tahrir Square . I changed a part of their thinking , although you ca n't compare that to their economic disappointment or the scourge of the police system . " Towfik 's book "  Utopia , " which has just been published in English , is a grim futuristic account of Egyptian society in the year 2023 with wealthy gated communities insulated from the poverty outside . Towfik said that despite Egypt 's revolution , he still fears the scenes in his book , first published in Arabic in 2009 , could come true . "  The first uprising came from the middle class , but I think another bloodier one could come from the lower classes , like described in my book ` Utopia ' . "  I still think there 's a danger my book could come true . " He added : "  After nine months , nothing has been accomplished except getting rid of Mubarak . We got rid of the head of the snake , but the body of the snake is still ruling everything . "	Life has got harder for taxi drivers since the revolution , says Khaled AlKhamissi Author has been unable to concentrate on writing since January My grim futuristic novel could come true , says author Ahmed Khaled Towfik
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A roadside bomb killed a top Pakistani general Sunday , just a day after officials announced plans to withdraw troops from a war-ravaged region near the border with Afghanistan . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , which killed Maj. Gen. Sanaullah Khan , the commanding officer in Swat Valley . Two other officers were also killed , army officials said . For years , troops have clashed with Taliban militants in Swat , which drew global attention last year when militants there shot teenager Malala Yousafzai point-blank in the head and neck after she defied the Taliban 's ban against girls in school . The Pakistani army has reclaimed control of the Swat Valley , where the Taliban held significant sway for years . But Sunday 's attack was a troubling reminder of the region 's volatility even as officials consider pulling out troops . The roadside bombing occurred in the Upper Dir district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , in northern Pakistan near the border with Afghanistan . On Saturday officials in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa announced for a "  phased withdrawal " of troops from Upper Dir , Lower Dir and Swat . And last week the Pakistani government announced plans to pursue renewed peace talks with Taliban militants . Pakistani leaders push for Taliban talks But a Taliban spokesman said Sunday that there is no ceasefire with the Pakistani government , warning that such attacks will continue . "  We have killed them , " Pakistani Taliban spokesman Shahidullah Shahid said , "  as they are killing us . " Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif issued a statement expressing condolences over the slain officers ' deaths Sunday . "  The  Pakistan Army has made substantial sacrifices to protect the nation against the menace of terrorism , " he said , "  and such cowardly acts by terrorists can not deter the morale of our armed forces . " Karachi , Pakistan , shut down after violence Journalist Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad , journalist Zahir Shah Sherazi reported from Peshawar , Pakistan , and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	The Pakistani Taliban claim responsibility for the attack Officials had just announced plans for "  phased withdrawal " of troops from some areas The blast is a troubling reminder of the region 's volatility
Four U.S. Air Force personnel died after a military helicopter crashed Tuesday evening near Cley , on the North Sea coast of England , authorities said . A news release from police in Norfolk said a U.S. Air Force Pave Hawk HH-60G helicopter from a British base in Lakenheath had crashed and the four people aboard were dead . "  I would like to pass on my condolences to the family , friends and colleagues of those US Air Force personnel who have sadly lost their lives in this tragic incident , " Sarah Hamlin with the Norfolk Constabulary said in a statement released Wednesday . The Pentagon had no update on the official status of those on board . The Norfolk Constabulary said details on those killed would not be released until next of kin have been notified . Police said a large area had been cordoned off as authorities responded and secured the site . An investigation into the cause of the crash is expected to take several days . The RAF base said the crash occurred during an evening training mission while the helicopter was flying low . Cley is 180 kilometers  about 110 miles  northeast of London . According to the Air Force website , a Pave Hawk is a "  highly modified " version of a Black Hawk helicopter that often carries a crew of two pilots , one flight engineer and one gunner .	An investigation into the cause is expected to take several days , police say Helicopter was on a low-level training mission when it went down Pentagon has no word on status of those on board Helicopter is described as a Pave Hawk , a modified version of a Black Hawk
Tahiti were handed a harsh introduction to the Confederations Cup as African champions Nigeria inflicted a 6-1 defeat on the minnows Monday . But the team from the South Pacific at least had the consolation of scoring a memorable first goal in a senior FIFA competition to the delight of the crowd in the Estadio Mineirao in Belo Horizonte . Trailing 3-0 in the 54th minute , a corner was met by Jonathan Tehau , who headed home emphatically . It was no more than Tahiti deserved for a spirited display and they celebrated in trademark style by forming a circle and pretending to use canoe paddles . But 15 minutes later , Tehau , one of three brothers in the squad , then undid his heroics by turning Nigeria 's fourth past his own goalkeeper . Nnamdi Oduamadi went on to complete his hat-trick for the Super Eagles and Uwa Echiejile grabbed his second to complete the rout , but even at the final whistle all the plaudits were for Tahiti and they went of a lap of honor . The tiny nation of less than 200,000 people had qualified for the Confederations Cup by winning the Oceania Nations Cup , beating the might of New Caledonia in the final after favorites New Zealand had exited at the semifinal stage . Boasting only one full time professional , few had given them much of a chance against Nigeria , who have a population of over 160 million and have a clutch of players from leading European clubs . Tahiti coach Eddy Etaeta and his players showed visible signs of emotion as their national anthem was played -- each of them with flowers around their neck -- a national custom . Nigeria had arrived late on Sunday for the competition , reportedly as a result of a dispute of bonus payments , and despite the scoreline , would have left coach Stephen Keshi with some concerns . Tahiti immediately took the game to them , but Nigeria went ahead after just five minutes due to a huge slice of fortune as Echiejile 's shot took a big deflection off Nicolas Vallar before finding its way into the net . Oduamadi scored two more before halftime , but at the other end Tahiti also had opportunities . Tehau 's goal was undoubtedly the highlight but the 138th ranked team in the world will have their work cut out with further Group B fixtures against world champions Spain and Copa America winners Uruguay . Etaeta told the official FIFA website that his team 's first appearance on the international stage had been a dream come true . "  I was deeply moved , almost crying . We watch World Cups on TV . Today we were actors . Tahiti was watching . Our president sent us a message and suspended a cabinet meeting for it . " Spain won their opener against Uruguay 2-1 Sunday and play Tahiti Thursday in the Maracana Stadium in Rio . Uruguay and Nigeria also meet then in a match likely to decide second spot in the group . Keshi knows they will need to improve on their display in the opener . "  It was a little bit difficult to up our game , " he told AFP . "  When you know you 're playing against , with all due respect , the Tahiti team , you think everything 's easy . They showed us that they can play football . Congratulations to them . " Brazil , Mexico , Japan and Italy make up Group A of a tournament which is contested every four years by the winners of FIFA 's six confederations , plus the hosts and the reigning World Cup champions .	Nigeria beat Tahiti 6-1 in Group B opener at Confederations Cup Nnamdi Oduamadi scores a hat-rick in Belo Horizonte 138th-ranked Tahiti reply through Jonathan Tehau South Pacific minnows next play world champions Spain in Maracana
Paris  CNN  -- In the tunnels and caves that lie deep beneath Paris an elaborate , and , at times , dangerous game of cat and mouse is played out nearly every weekend . In this case the mice are represented by the cataphiles -- a group of dedicated hedonists who love to party in the abandoned quarries deep beneath the French capital - and the part of the cat is played by the police who patrol the places most people would fear to tread . Paris has two main underground attractions -- one being a vast catacomb which holds the remains of more than six million people , the other being a network of tunnels and quarries that stretch nearly 321 kilometres under the city . At the official catacombs visitors who are prepared to walk down the 139 steps and along endless tunnels are met by truly extraordinary sights as well as a fascinating slice of 18th-century life in Paris . In 1786 the cemeteries of Paris were full to bursting , meaning corpses were often buried near those people still living . After the collapse of a communal grave near the center of the city it was decided to transfer all the bones to one vast ossuary . Nowadays the mountains of unwanted bones have been arranged into a macabre set of alleys and pillars - a process that was started two centuries ago . One of the museum 's curators Tram Nguyen told us how people usually reacted on their first visit : "  When you come here for the first time you get quite destabilized but then you get used to it . There are so many bones here you do n't see them as human remains , you just see them as decorations . " Our program was looking as all aspects of underground life in Paris and in the process of researching it we also came across another extraordinary group who put the subterranean spaces to new uses . Urban Experiment , UX for short , is a highly secretive organization which has gained a cult following after successfully completing a series of high profile stunts deep under the city . Members of UX very rarely reveal what , how , or why they do what they do but CNN arranged a series of meetings with one of their members who slowly let us into some of the secrets . We first met Lazar Kunstmann - not his real name but the one he insists on using -- in an anonymous Parisian bar . With a shaved head and regulation black clothes he is a friendly , if somewhat cagey , individual . We wanted to know who the UX were . His answer was suitably cryptic . "  The UX is a collective of people who pursue the same aim with a range of skills . It is anyone and everyone . There are no characteristics in terms of age , sex , social or cultural background -- the only characteristic is to live relatively close to the area where the projects are carried out , in Paris . All the rules of the UX have to do with feasibility -- the practical aspect of the execution of the projects . " The Palais de Chaillot - or more precisely one of quarries that lies beneath it -- was the scene of one their most infamous projects . The group - which has existed for 30 years -- dug deep under the theatre to create their own fully functioning cinema in one of the hundreds of caves under the city . They even made their own film to mark the event . Over a beer Kunstmann explains what motivates the UX . "  We are a group who use public spaces , not necessarily the public spaces underground , not necessarily abandoned . It is simple - the only characteristic of the spaces we use is that they are public , and have been left , that 's to say "  loosely " abandoned . The vocation of these spaces is to accommodate projects . " Secrecy is , of course , essential for Kunstmann and other members of the UX . "  The secrecy is just linked to the feasibility . When we were young we profited from the craze of underground parties in the 1990s in the ancient quarries of the Latin Quarter in order to discover , that in fact there was all this public space , which was totally abandoned , which we could use for anything . Much later , at the same time as wanting to learn more about all this public space , to have a geographic and practical knowledge - that is by getting hold of maps and keys to use the tunnels - we realized this really was the ideal location for numerous projects . " Before we leave him Kunstmann tells us that the UX have several more projects in mind but , unsurprisingly perhaps , he declines to elaborate saying future plans have to be kept under wraps . Living life in Paris ' Empire of the Dead	The catacombs of Paris contain millions of bones after cemeteries could no long accommodate burials "  Cataphiles " love to explore the deserted tunnels and abandoned quarries under the city UX has completed a a series of high profile stunts deep under the city , including its own fucntioning cinema Expert : "  There are so many bones here you do n't see them as human remains , you just see them as decorations . "
Have n't we heard this before ? With President Barack Obama weighing possible responses to what the United States calls a major chemical weapons attack in Syria , some are warning of another potential open-ended war if America launches an expected military strike . Obama 's options appear to range from limited missile strikes in Syria to continued diplomatic efforts -- what critics contend is a "  do-nothing " approach . U.S. officials have concluded the Syrian government carried out chemical weapons attacks , the president said Wednesday . "  We have looked at all the evidence , and we do not believe the opposition possessed nuclear weapons on -- or chemical weapons of that sort . We do not believe that , given the delivery systems , using rockets , that the opposition could have carried out these attacks . We have concluded that the Syrian government in fact carried these out . And if that 's so , then there need to be international consequences , " Obama told "  PBS NewsHour . " He also said that he has "  not made a decision " about whether to conduct a limited military strike or a strike of over a limited time period in Syria . While noted hawks such as GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona call for a robust response intended to weaken Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and turn the tide of the nation 's civil war , others worry that the inevitable result will be an inextricable mess . Opinion : For U.S. , Syria is truly a problem from hell "  Just shooting in some missiles is n't really going to take care of the situation and might aggravate the situation , " Democratic Rep. Loretta Sanchez of California said Tuesday . "  You have Syria tied to Iran . You 've got the Hezbollah in neighboring Lebanon . The whole area is already a difficult area . You have refugees going into other countries . " Sanchez , who sits on the House Armed Services Committee , added that "  for Americans to believe that just by shooting a few cruise missiles , we 've made our statement and away we go , it 's just not the way that I believe this plays out , if that happens . " Her fellow California Democrat , Rep. Adam Schiff of the House Intelligence Committee , said the large-scale use of chemical weapons demanded an international response , but he called for a precisely defined mission intended to limit collateral political fallout or open-ended U.S. involvement . "  I think the use of chemical weapons is really different , qualitatively different , tragically different , and I think we really have to act here , " Schiff said . Obama must "  make it clear not only to the American people but also to the Syrian people that this is n't going to be the cavalry riding to the rescue to topple " Assad , he said . At the same time , "  this is going to be a punitive , powerful response , a deterrent response to the use of chemical weapons , " Schiff said . "  That 's important to make sure that we do n't get entangled in this war , to try and avoid the consequences " cited by Sanchez , he said . "  But I think properly defined , it can be done . And I think it will be done in concert with our international partners . " McCain said that only a tough response will be effective . "  If it 's just some strikes with cruise missiles , then it will not only not do any good , it may be counterproductive and help Bashar Assad with his propaganda , " McCain said . He called for reversing the advantage held by Assad 's forces on the battlefield "  by taking out his air assets , cratering his runways and getting the weapons to the right people so that they can reverse the momentum . " However , Ed Husain of the Council on Foreign Relations said Obama risks wading into a protracted war that will become his legacy with hasty military strikes now . "  By intervening , Syria may well prove to be Obama 's war , bequeathed to a new president in 2016 , " Husain , a senior fellow for Middle East studies , wrote Wednesday on CNN 's website . "  Civilian casualties are inevitable : The images on our screens will not be Syrians using chemical weapons to kill each other , but American bombs creating carnage and killings in yet another Muslim country . " Syria warns West amid growing talk of military strike White House : No decision yet White House spokesman Jay Carney insisted Tuesday that Obama continued to weigh options , and he made clear that any U.S. response to the August 21 use of chemical weapons in suburban Damascus was not intended to bring "  regime change . " "  We ca n't wait . We need to act according to our own national interests , " a senior U.S. official said Wednesday . The official echoed the idea that the president has not yet made a decision , but added : "  This is moving quickly . " Meanwhile , efforts by the Obama administration to mount international support reaped some benefits . Major NATO partners Britain , France and Germany have called for a tough response in Syria , and a NATO statement Wednesday signaled support for action . "  Those responsible must be held accountable , " the statement said . "  We consider the use of chemical weapons as a threat to international peace and security . " The NATO language echoed Carney 's remarks that sought to justify a military response to what U.S. officials characterize as the worst chemical weapons attack since former Iraqi strongman Saddam Hussein launched a poison gas attack that killed thousands of Kurds in 1988 . "  Allowing the use of chemical weapons on a significant scale to take place without a response would present a significant challenge to or threat to the United States ' national security , " Carney said . On the same day Obama talked with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and British Prime Minister David Cameron , Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Secretary of State John Kerry consulted allies and indicated potentially imminent action by a coalition likely to include key NATO partners and regional powers . Cameron is proposing a U.N. Security Council resolution "  condemning the chemical weapons attack by Assad and authorizing necessary measures to protect civilians , " but certain opposition by Syrian ally Russia and possibly by China doomed its chances . Instead , a limited coalition of NATO partners and some Arab League members appeared more likely to provide political backing for Obama to order U.S. missile strikes . An Arab League spokesman condemned the al-Assad regime on Tuesday for the chemical attack . In another move , the United States postponed its involvement in talks scheduled for this week in Geneva on seeking a political solution to the Syrian civil war . Russia expressed disappointment at the U.S. decision and warned against any Western military strike on Syria , as did Iran . The United States has already moved warships armed with cruise missiles into the region , and a U.S. official said Wednesday that two Navy submarines also were in the eastern Mediterranean , though it was unclear whether they would be involved in any military action . Hagel told the BBC on Tuesday that forces were ready to carry out a strike if ordered . A senior Defense Department official told CNN that any strike could be completed "  within several days . " "  We are ready to go , like that , " said Hagel , adding that "  the options are there , the United States Department of Defense is ready to carry out those options . " Opinion : How Al-Assad used chemical weapons to poison debate For almost two years , Obama has avoided direct military involvement in Syria 's civil war , only escalating aid to rebel fighters in June after suspected smaller-scale chemical weapons attacks by Syrian government forces . However , last week 's attack obliterated the "  red line " Obama set just over a year ago against the use of Syria 's chemical weapons stocks . Vice President Joe Biden made clear that the administration 's view of who was to blame for last week 's event , telling the American Legion on Tuesday that "  there is no doubt who is responsible for the heinous use of chemical weapons -- the Syrian regime . " The White House has ruled out sending ground troops to Syria or implementing a no-fly zone to blunt al-Assad 's aerial superiority over rebels fighting to oust his regime . A first step to any U.S. action will be the public release of a declassified U.S. intelligence report on the chemical weapons that rebels claim killed 1,300 people . Carney said the report was expected to come out this week . It would set in motion the process that could lead to missile strikes or other responses , depending on the administration 's ability to line up international support and prevent any domestic obstacles . Legislator : Congress ca n't ` be pushed aside ' Administration officials will brief some senators on Syria via conference calls Thursday , several sources said . More than 90 members of Congress , most of them Republican , have signed a letter to the president urging him "  to consult and receive authorization " before authorizing any such military action , according to the office of GOP Rep. Scott Rigell of Virginia . "  I appreciate and respect that the president is engaging members of Congress , " Rigell said Wednesday in reference to outreach by administration officials to legislative leaders and others . "  This is good , and I encourage more of it , both on the Senate side and the House . But it is not in any respect a substitute for formally calling us into session , a joint session , laying the facts before us without disclosing of course sources and methods of intelligence . Then we , as the representatives of the American people , can weigh in on this as we should . " However , Democratic Rep. Adam Smith of Washington said that "  the historical precedence is no , that the president does n't require congressional action for a variety of different things . " Some Republican senators also noted that the War Powers Act allows Obama to order limited missile strikes and report back to Congress afterward . Last month , Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey provided Congress with a list of declassified U.S. military options for Syria that emphasized the high costs and risks of what he said would amount to "  an act of war " at a time of deep budget cuts . U.S. official : Almost no doubt al-Assad regime used chemical weapons	Obama : U.S. concludes "  the Syrian government " carried out chemical attacks He tells "  PBS NewsHour " that he 's "  not made a decision " about military action in Syria NATO echoes Washington 's assessment that the attack poses a security threat McCain wants robust action ; others warn of an escalating , open-ended conflict
CNN  -- Google Places is gone , replaced by a new feature that combines its Google Plus social site and renowned restaurant reviewers Zagat . Announced Wednesday , Google Plus Local is the latest push by Google to incorporate its networking site into more of its other products , with the goal of creating a single , seamless Web experience . Plus Local is designed to let users discover and share information about local restaurants , shops and other sites . "  Finding the best places to go is an essential part of our lives , as are the people and resources that help us make those decisions , " Google product manager Avni Shah wrote on the company 's official blog . "  In fact , the opinions of friends , family or other trusted sources are often the first we seek when looking for the perfect restaurant for date night or the cafe that makes the best latte ever . " A new "  Local " tab on the side of a Google Plus page lets users click and search . Results will include reviews from Zagat , which Google bought in September , as well as ratings and comments from friends . The results also will appear when Google users search for a local site using Google search or Google Maps . Companies listed on the less-social Google Places can be converted over to Google Plus . According to the blog Search Engine Land , roughly 80 million businesses ' pages already had been converted Wednesday morning . Google Plus reports being up to about 100 million users since opening to the public in September . That 's a far cry from Facebook 's roughly 900 million accounts . Some in the tech world were saying Wednesday that Google Plus Local might be a way to begin catching up . "  What Google still lacks in Google + is a way of getting different businesses ' networks to interact with each other -- meaning , Facebook may have its own Facebook Places , but it also has a range of apps from others , like Gogobot and more , that enhance that experience , " wrote Ingrid Lunden of TechCrunch . "  Google is still largely relying on its own data to get the job done . That could make the experience more cohesive , or  the problem Google + has been having up to now  a little too quiet . "	Google Plus Local will replace Google Places for local recommendations The tool incorporates reviews from Zagat as well as from users ' friends Google is working to incorporate Google + with its other products
Savannah , Georgia  CNN  -- This old Southern city is still waking up when the first members drift into the church basement . They turn on the lights , pull metal chairs across the wooden floor and settle in with paper cups of coffee and the weight of the week . There 's work or not enough work . Diabetes . Tonight 's dinner and tomorrow 's , too . Parents in prison , neighbors just getting out . Kids who want some faraway , high-cost college and kids who do n't want to get out of bed on Sundays . Then there 's money -- always , forever money -- to think about . They 've heard weekly sermons about how to plan , overcome and grow , but the lessons really start to apply in Bible study , like today , when they 'll pore over a line and relate it back to the messy , wonderful business of living . Worry is nothing new for the congregation at First African Baptist Church , which is well into its third century and one of the oldest black congregations in the United States . But this is a loving congregation , they say , and always the type to take action when times are hard . Of course they will feed the hungry , clothe the naked and teach the young , but they also want to preserve their space . Members say it was the first brick structure in Georgia that was built , used and owned by black people , that it 's their own living history of slavery , civil rights and freedom . It 's just so much . "  This is not new for us , " says Gladys Cohen , a lifetime member and 7 a.m. Bible study regular . "  There 's just more needs . " So , with darkness pouring in the windows and a long day still ahead , the Rev. Thurmond N. Tillman sits in his folding chair and reminds his followers of the Bible passage he repeats most , from the book of Matthew : "  But seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness , and all these things shall be added to you . " As they all know , it has worked for this congregation before . Faith first , then freedom More than 150 years ago , slaves built this church by fire and moonlight . They raised the walls with clay and sand blocks known as Savannah Gray Brick , and a white ceiling patterned after a nine-patch quilt , a symbol of safety from slavery . After the first Bible study of the day , Johnny McDonald explains this to a small tour group seated in the church 's curved oak pews . He was baptized in First African 's chilly pool at age 7 and began giving tours as a teen . He 's 22 now , one semester shy of graduation from Savannah State University . He learned the church 's history through a thousand sermons and older members ' memories . Several times a week , he leads tours of each level , and shares everything he knows . He talks about the earliest church leaders , who were whipped and harassed by white residents who balked at the idea of a black preacher . He tells of schisms that divided the flourishing black congregation . He explains that in the 1830s , a white congregation planned to move to a new location , and offered its land and an aging wooden building to First African Baptist Church . The price was $ 1,500 . Most of the church members were slaves , whose labor fueled Savannah 's agriculture and shipping economy . But many could earn money of their own by working after-hours or taking odd jobs . Some could save enough to buy freedom for themselves and their families . So , they faced a choice , McDonald says : Use money saved to free themselves , or pool their funds to purchase a church for all . He imagines that they read the line from Matthew , about seeking God 's kingdom first ; he knows that within a few months , they came up with the money , and the church was theirs . But the building was already deteriorating when First African moved in . By the 1850s , Savannah was a growing city of 14,000 free residents and 7,000 slaves . The pastor championed a new structure , one made of brick , one made to last . This very building , McDonald says . He points out the handiwork of members who toiled through the night from 1855 to 1859 . They designed a tall sanctuary , balcony seating and pews with ancient African languages carved into the sides . Perhaps their best plan was mostly out of view , McDonald explains as he leads visitors down stairs and into the basement . Beneath the wooden floor , builders left a space four feet tall , large enough to hide hundreds of slaves following the Savannah River to freedom . They punctured holes in the floor in the cross-and-diamond shape of an African prayer symbol , the Kongo Cosmogram , and publicly worshipped its ancient meaning . Quietly , underneath , runaways worshipped the light and air the symbols allowed . "  You 're talking about working 12 to 16 hours , then turning around to come build a church at nighttime and going back to work on fields after that , " he tells the tour group . "  If I can say so , that 's a lot of hard work , and a lot of dedication to the task at hand . " Most of the builders were still enslaved after the church doors opened , but freedom came to them a few years later , anyway , through the Emancipation Proclamation . McDonald repeats the passage from Matthew again , "  All things shall be added . " "  That was no coincidence , " he tells the crowd . The pastor interrupts the tour to invite the guests to stay . There 's another Bible study at noon , and everyone is welcome here . Rebuilding the church "  Do we see ourselves as programmers , or do we see ourselves as builders ? " the pastor asks . It 's time for the evening Bible study , and the crowd has outgrown the basement . They 're sitting in pews in business suits and blue jeans ; Tillman is in the same suit he started the day in 12 hours before . They murmur the question , wondering what trick he has thrown at them . He asks again : Programmers , doing service as a thoughtless habit ? Or builders , serving to edify their church and its mission in the community ? Since Tillman took over in 1982 , he has simplified how people worship . He encouraged members to decentralize ministries and take the lessons from church into their everyday lives . He wants them to consider the community 's needs and use their talents to serve the church , whether they 're passing out water at football games , teaching a seminar about financial planning or leading a church tour . This will never be a church that has to look far for service projects , Tillman says . He needs only look at their building . It needs a kitchen ; the old one was removed to make wheelchair-accessible bathrooms . They want to replace the steeple with a 100-foot replica of the original , which was knocked down by a hurricane about a century ago . They want to rip the stucco off the exterior and preserve those old gray bricks , then build a museum out back to teach thousands of visitors who take their tour every year . It will cost millions , and nobody wants to spend a dime till they can do it without debt . In Savannah , a city where history now drives much of the economy , they 're likely to get community support . Still , African-American spaces have long fallen behind others . Where there are well-preserved plantation mansions , slave quarters are often long gone . Aging churches all over the country are at risk , too -- there will always be other worries and other causes that need to be funded first . But there 's no ignoring history , and especially faith , the pastor believes . "  Just the fact that we 're in this building is a constant reminder of where God has blessed us , " Tillman says . "  Those who were enslaved were able to build a sanctuary , an edifice like this , that 's built four-brick deep , that 's meant to stand for the ages -- surely we can keep it up . Surely , we can do other great and wonderful things in this day and time , regardless of how the economic times are . " We are builders , he tells the congregation , and builders must have plans .	Savannah 's First African Baptist Church is one of the oldest black churches in the United States Early members , mostly slaves , built the church from 1855 to 1859 Current members consider history when facing trouble
Elections in Tunisia on Sunday are about much more than one country . They could mark a big step toward democracy . If the country 's transition toward democracy "  continues to move forward , it would be a powerful signal that democracy can take root in the Arab world , " said Anthony Dworkin of the European Council on Foreign Relations . "  At a time when hopes of moving towards political reform and accountable governments elsewhere in the Arab world have been dashed , Tunisia is the only country where the aspirations of the Arab uprisings may yet be fulfilled in the near future , " Dworkin wrote in an analysis . "  Even if Tunisia 's example does not inspire any immediate followers in the region , the consolidation of a successful democracy in the country would be a powerful signal that reform and political pluralism are not doomed to fail in the Arab world . " Tunisians headed to the polls to vote for their first post-revolution parliament , marking the end of three years of transitional governance that has been marred by rising extremism and economic failure . The atmosphere was tense in the country labeled the cradle of the 2011 Arab Spring : Over 70,000 members of security forces and heavily armored trucks patrolled the main streets , amid threat of attack from terror groups . More than 5 million people , about half the population , registered to vote . They are set to choose among thousands of candidates vying for 217 seats in the People 's Assembly , the country 's first permanent legislature since the 2011 popular uprising which ousted President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali . More than 100 political parties are running . The two front-runners are the Islamist Ennahda party , which headed up a transitional coalition government before being forced to give up power earlier this year , and Nidaa Tounes , a secular group led by a former Ben Ali parliament speaker . The two offer widely different visions of Tunisia . Their respective popularity highlights the political polarization that has slowed down real change in the country . Despite the security fears , by mid-morning long lines of people queued to cast their ballots in downtown Tunis ' Lafayette district , home to one of the capital 's main voting centers . Tunisia 's rising unemployment and trend of jihadism were the main topics being enthusiastically discussed by voters as they waited . "  Today is vital so that we do not witness what we just went through in the last three years . Everything got worse after the revolution : security , economy , social problems , " said Fathy Baklouti , who was voting for Nidaa Tounes . He criticized by the Islamists for being "  old regime " because of their leader 's Ben Ali-era political appointments . The 61-year-old mechanic said the last three years had hit the youth the hardest and he had struggled to help his children find work . The youth unemployment rate here is over 40 % . Since the revolution , the number of people under the poverty line has doubled while the corrupt practices that marked the old regime are still prevalent , crushing the economy . "  I pushed my kids into odd jobs like construction work just to protect them from any Salafi brainwashing , which is worryingly prevalent here . The youngsters are particularly vulnerable as they are seduced by money and the promise of having a greater ` purpose , ' " he said , adding that a strong secular leadership -- headed up by Nidaa Tounes -- will help combat radical Islamism .  The Salafists are ultra-conservative Sunni Muslims who are becoming an increasingly strident political force across the Arab world in the wake of the Arab Spring . Tunisia is lauded as the sole success story of the Arab Spring but in recent years has been struggling to fight a rising insurgency anchored in its rural and border areas . Over 3,000 Tunisians have travelled to Syria to fight with extremist groups like ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , and al Qaeda affiliate Jabhat al Nusra -- making Tunisia the single largest contributor of foreign fighters . There are whole neighborhoods in Tunis where heads of the more extreme Salafi mosques have persuaded young people to become extremist militants both in Tunisia and abroad . On Friday , the run-up to the elections was marred by a deadly standoff between police and suspected militants in Oued Ellil , a northern suburb of Tunis . Seven people were killed , including five women and a police officer , after a special forces unit raided a home housing "  terrorists , " according to the Ministry of Interior . At polling stations , people said they hoped the country 's political leadership could rally together to stabilize Tunisia and stop it from descending into chaos like neighboring Arab Spring country Libya . "  All must come together , not one person or party can lead Tunisia in its next journey , " said Mahouba Ettiss , 44 , a civil servant voting in downtown Tunis . "  We must have consensus , we must be united or face the consequences . "	Tunisia could offer "  powerful signal " that democracy can work in the Arab world , analyst says Tunisians vote for first post-revolution parliament Election comes amid rising extremism and economic failure More than 100 political parties are running
CNN  -- A Warren Township , Ohio , man faces charges of felonious assault after authorities say he fired his rifle at two teens who were attempting to deface his McCain presidential campaign yard sign . Police say the man 's sign is the only McCain sign on a street full of Obama signs . Kenneth Rowles , 50 , pleaded not guilty to the charge Monday , according to CNN affiliate WBNS . Bail was set at $ 10,000 . Rowles told police he was sitting on his porch Saturday when a tan SUV pulled up and a black youth jumped out and ran toward his house , screaming , "  This is for Obama . " He said another male was hanging out of the passenger window screaming the same thing . Rowles said he went inside , got his rifle and fired three shots to scare the youths away , according to a Warren Township police report . He told officers he believes that the men "  were the same two that have been destroying his McCain sign . " Just hours before the shooting , Rowles called police and said that a car had stopped in front of his house and that a black male "  ran up and said something about Obama , " according to the report , and "  damaged his sign again . " One of the youths , 17-year-old Kyree Flowers , was shot in the arm , according to a police report . He and the second youth , Patrick Wise Jr. , 16 , told police they were in the car attempting to leave when Rowles fired at them . "  Kyree stated that he witnessed the homeowner trying to shoot Patrick but he was having trouble chambering a round , " the police report said . The teens admitted that they had defaced the McCain sign several times , Warren Township police Lt. Don Bishop told CNN . Rowles ' is the only McCain sign on a street full of Obama signs , he said . Bishop said the teenagers probably will not be charged -- and are unlikely to damage campaign signs again , as the incident scared them . Warren Township is in Trumbull County not far from Cleveland , Ohio .	Man pleads not guilty to charges of felonious assault Police : Youths admitted defacing McCain sign several times It is the only McCain sign on a street full of Obama signs , police say Teenagers probably will not be charged ; one was shot in arm
CNN  -- Attention American travel aficionados : There 's no need to leave the United States to find the next hot destination . With Lonely Planet 's Top 10 U.S. Destinations for 2013 , innovative cuisine and drink , hopping art scenes and spectacular nature are available -- all without a passport . They include emerging destinations , locations that have something special for 2013 and longtime favorites with something new to offer visitors . "  U.S destinations are always going to be popular for U.S. residents , " said Robert Reid , Lonely Planet 's U.S. travel editor . "  It 's a big country and we do n't have as much vacation time as Europeans . " So consider putting that limited time to good use at one of these top destinations : Louisville is the new Portland ? Louisville , Kentucky , was named the top U.S. destination for 2013 , following travel publisher Lonely Planet 's discussions among its group of U.S. editors and authors . While they tend to debate entries into each year 's Top 10 list , everyone agreed on Louisville , said Reid . While many horse lovers descend upon this Southern town the first Saturday in May to witness the Kentucky Derby , also known as the "  greatest two minutes in sports , " there 's more to Louisville than one horse race . With its hip bourbon scene  including microdistilleries  , fine dining and emerging East Market District , also known as NuLu , Louisville may just be the new Portland , Oregon . Reid said . Consider exploring the city via the Urban Bourbon Trail for a powerful introduction to Kentucky 's famous spirit . The rest of Lonely Planet 's Top 10 destinations : Fairbanks , Alaska  2  ; San Juan Islands , Washington  3  , Philadelphia  4  ; American Samoa  5  ; Eastern Sierra , California  6  ; northern Maine  7  ; Twin Cities , Minnesota  8  ; Verde Valley , Arizona  9  ; and Glacier National Park , Montana  10  . Lonely Planet 's Best Value worldwide destinations for 2013 Nature is putting on a show Fairbanks , Alaska , is the place to view the northern lights  aurora borealis  next year , when the sunspots put on a spectacular show in the sky . It 's the end of an 11-year solar cycle so the show should be exceptionally beautiful . Go in late summer for the best view . And people who have n't seen Glacier National Park yet should visit soon . Beloved by Montana residents and visitors alike , most visitors enjoy the famous Going-to-the-Sun Road . However , the park 's namesake glaciers are melting and could be gone by 2020 if the current warming trends continue , according to the National Park Service . The Eastern Sierra in California is just beyond Yosemite , allowing for exploration of hot springs , a gold rush ghost town and the amazing Devils Postpile National Monument 's 60-foot curtain of basalt columns made from rivers of lava . Across the country , most visitors going to Maine stick to the shoreline . But the interior of northern Maine also has plenty for the active outdoors traveler . Not only is the Appalachian Trail 's northern terminus located at Mount Katahdin in Baxter State Park , there are also miles of bike trails , canoe trips , rafting and a nearly 100-year-old steamboat ride at Moosehead Lake . The Spiritual Journey of the Appalachian Trail The food and drink are divine The lovely San Juan Islands north of Seattle have been coined "  the Gourmet Archipelago " by Lonely Planet guidebook author Brendan Sainsbury . The area has plenty of not-Seattle-like sunshine and lots of fresh , local food . High on the menus of local restaurants : locally farmed artichokes and marionberries and fresh-caught salmon , oysters and razor clams . Sainsbury recommends the Doe Bay Cafe on Orcas Island , and Willows Inn on Lummi Island . Beyond the red rocks , crystals and spa culture of Arizona , Verde Valley is blossoming as a wine community . The new Verde Valley Wine Trail near Sedona connects four vineyards around Cornville in northern Arizona . Classic American cities Art is truly taking center stage in Philadelphia . True , the city has long had the Philadelphia Museum of Art with its Rocky-climbing steps . But with the move of the Barnes Foundation -- with its once-private collection of C  zanne , Matisse and Renoir -- into the city , Philly is now the place to explore art . And the gallery scene is exploding in emerging neighborhoods like Fishtown and Northern Liberties -- with a restaurant and bar scene to enjoy while you 're there . Minnesota 's Twin Cities have long been known as bike-friendly , but the Nice Ride Minnesota bike-share system and its new bike lanes have made the region even more cyclist-friendly . Ride along the Mississippi River close to the headwaters and enjoy the beauty of the trails there . Prince still stops by the Minneapolis clubs to hear the latest bands , Reid promised . And you can also enjoy a show at Minnesota Public Radio 's Fitzgerald Theater  named after St. Paul native F. Scott Fitzgerald  where Garrison Keillor tapes "  A Prairie Home Companion . " Keillor 's next show is February 2 , 2013 , but there 's plenty of other entertainment there in the meantime . Far away without a passport While there 's no need to have a passport when traveling to the U.S. territory of American Samoa , it will take most U.S. residents some time to get there . From already far-flung Hawaii , travelers take a nearly six-hour flight from Honolulu to Pago Pago on Tutuila . It 's not a place most people can afford to go , but it 's worth your consideration for the trip of a lifetime , said Reid . "  It 's a dream South Pacific beach vacation , " he said . Tutuila offers incredible beaches , waterfalls and even the National Park of American Samoa , but Reid recommends jumping on a quick connecting flight to the 3-square-mile Ofu in the Manu'a Islands , which features white-sand beaches flanked by palm trees and surrounded by shark-tooth-shaped mountains . While the editors recommend visiting on Flag Day , April 17 , when the island celebrates big time , snorkeling and pure Polynesian bliss is available almost anytime .	Louisville , Kentucky came out on top for more than horses and bourbon Alaska 's northern lights will be especially spectacular next year Glacier National Park 's glaciers might not be around for much longer Fresh , local cuisine is the name of the game on the San Juan Islands in Washington state
The families of two men who were gunned down in Boston in 2012 have filed wrongful death lawsuits against former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez , according to court documents . The $ 6 million lawsuits were filed Wednesday on behalf of the families of Daniel Abreu and Safiro Furtado , according to court papers . Hernandez , who is being held on charges related to another slaying , has not been charged in connection with the deaths of Abreu and Furtado . The lawsuits claim that Hernandez "  recklessly " and "  maliciously " shot a firearm from his vehicle into a vehicle carrying Abreu and Furtado , killing them . The two men were shot and killed in Boston while riding in a 2003 BMW . Two others in the car survived . At a news conference Wednesday , Salvatore Furtado said his son , Safiro , "  was a good boy , a hard worker , very intelligent , " according to a woman who interpreted his comments from his native Cape Verdean dialect . Daniel Abreu supported the family and worked two jobs , his father , Ernesto , said . The prosecutor 's office of Suffolk County has not identified any suspects in this case , according to Jack Wark , a spokesman for Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley . The investigation by the homicide unit of the Boston police and Suffolk County district attorney is ongoing and "  very active , " Wark said . Civil suits may be filed while a criminal investigation is ongoing , but the step is unusual , said CNN legal analyst Paul Callan . Civil and criminal cases , however , have different standards of proof . The loss of Abreu and Furtado should matter and there is no reason to wait , said attorney William T. Kennedy . Meanwhile , Hernandez has been moved to a more restrictive jail unit while a fight with another inmate is investigated , Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson told CNN Thursday . Hodgson said the move was n't disciplinary but rather standard procedure . Hernandez has been placed in a higher-level security unit and is allowed out of his cell for one hour a day , the sheriff said . He will not interact with other prisoners and must wear handcuffs and leg shackles . In January , unsealed court documents revealed that police had directly suggested that the former tight end may have pulled the trigger in the unsolved double homicides . "  There is ... probable cause to believe that Aaron Hernandez was operating the suspect vehicle used in the shooting homicides ... and may have been the shooter , " said a recently unsealed warrant from June 2013 . The warrant was used to search a bag of clothes with Hernandez 's name on it and a Toyota 4Runner linked to him that , according to court documents , was seen at the scene of the crime by witnesses the night of the killings . CNN has reported that a grand jury has been looking into whether Hernandez played a role in the drive-by shooting , said law enforcement sources in January . Hernandez is awaiting trial on murder charges in the 2013 shooting death of his friend Odin Lloyd . He has pleaded not guilty . Lloyd 's family also filed a wrongful death suit against Hernandez in December , according to Kevin Phelan , the family 's attorney . Hernandez is also named in another civil suit . A man that sources have described as Hernandez 's "  muscle man , " Alexander Bradley , has filed a civil lawsuit accusing Hernandez of shooting him in the face during an argument after they left a Florida strip club in February 2013 . Bradley lost sight in one eye because of the shooting , according to the lawsuit . CNN 's attempts to reach Hernandez 's attorney were unsuccessful .	The former NFL star is being held on first-degree murder charge in death of Odin Lloyd Families of two men gunned down in separate shootings file wrongful death lawsuits Meanwhile , Hernandez has been moved to a more restrictive jail unit after a fight
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Almost all British troops in Iraq are being pulled out because the agreement that allows them to be there expires on Friday , the British Ministry of Defence said Tuesday . Nearly all of Britain 's troops in Iraq will have left by the week 's end . The withdrawal marks the first time since the invasion of Iraq more than six years ago that there will be almost no British troops in the country . The only British troops there will be a group of about a dozen helping to train Iraqi police as part of a NATO mission , the ministry said . The United Kingdom 's remaining contingent of 100 to 150 troops is leaving Iraq for neighboring Kuwait , a Ministry of Defence spokesman told CNN . He declined to be named in line with policy . "  The small handful of British military personnel operating in Iraq will be withdrawn to Kuwait after Iraq 's parliament adjourned without passing a deal that would let them stay , " the spokesman said . Iraq must give its permission for foreign troops to be on its soil . It was a group of Iraqi lawmakers loyal to anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr that prevented parliament from approving a new agreement on British troops . They walked out of parliament as a group on July 11 , depriving the legislature of the minimum number of lawmakers necessary for votes to take place . Parliament is now on summer recess until September 8 . Fawzi Akram , a lawmaker from the Sadr bloc , confirmed that the bloc reject the Iraqi-British security agreement . He said that Iraq does not need the British troops and that Iraqi security forces are ready to handle security on their own . Britain hopes the Iraqi parliament will eventually approve the security agreement . "  While this delay is unfortunate , we are continuing to seek a solution with the Iraqi Government that will provide our forces with the sound legal basis they need , " the ministry said in a written statement . The British troops who are being pulled out include Royal Navy servicemen who have been helping the Iraqis to protect oil fields around the port town of Umm Qasr , according to the Ministry of Defence spokesman . All British combat troops have already left the country , another ministry spokesman told CNN . There were about 46,000 British troops in and around Iraq at the peak of major combat operations in March and April 2003 , according to the Ministry of Defence . CNN 's Jonathan Wald in London and Youssif Basil in Baghdad , Iraq , contributed to this report .	Almost all British troops in Iraq are being pulled out Agreement that allows them to be there expires on Friday Only about dozen British troops will remain to help train Iraqi police
Washington  CNN  -- Less than two weeks after Barack Obama won his re-election campaign , protesters gathered Sunday to call on the president and his administration to reject the proposed Keystone XL tar sands pipeline , and to act on climate change . While Republican candidate Mitt Romney said he would support construction of the 1,700-mile pipeline , for the jobs he said the pipeline would create , Obama in the past has rejected rapid approval , citing what he called the "  arbitrary nature " of the deadline Republicans proposed for passage and the need for sufficient time for the State Department to gather information necessary for a project that crosses into the American border . Nearly a year ago , the State Department announced the decision to delay until after the 2012 election consideration of the controversial project that would originate in Alberta , Canada , 's tar sands and would extend to the Gulf of Mexico . Keystone pipeline protesters arrested in Texas On Sunday , protestors flooded Washington 's Freedom Plaza , before laying down their signs and picking up a 500-foot plastic "  oil pipe , " which they carried a few blocks to the White House . One of the event 's main organizers , founder of 350 . org , Bill McKidden , said that activists may have been silent but have n't forgotten about the project and now they 've organized to remind the administration of their commitment to preventing fossil fuel based projects that they say are causing increased climate change . "  They said a year ago they would study it further , now that year is up , and in the meantime we 've had the hottest year in America history , we 've had an epic drought , we 've had the Arctic melting and we 've had Superstorm Sandy flooding the subways of New York , " said McKibben . "  The pipeline has come to symbolize something much , much bigger than just one energy project , it 's come to symbolize what is our energy future , and what President Obama is going to do on climate change , " said activist Jane Kleeb of the anti-pipeline organization Bold Nebraska , in a state where the Keystone XL project would cut through predominantly agricultural areas . At issue is the potential for water and soil contamination from the 500,000 to 700,000 barrels of crude oil that would traverse the pipeline each day . Film director Josh Fox , whose documentary "  Gasland " examined the environmental impact of hydraulic fracturing , also known as "  fracking , " was among protesters with camera in hand . "  I 'm here doing a film on  McKidden 's 350 . org 's  "  Do the Math , " and the math tells us that we have more fossil fuels in the ground than is supportable by the atmosphere without total catastrophe and calamity , " said Fox .	The 1,700-mile pipeline would run from Alberta , Canada , to the Gulf of Mexico Obama in the past has rejectd rapid approval Romney and the GOP support it Protestors gather in D.C. , urging the administration to reject the proposed pipeline
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama toasted a growing U.S. friendship with India at the first state dinner of his administration Tuesday , an evening of regal pageantry and symbolic politics in a tent on the White House South Lawn . "  To the future that beckons all of us , " Obama said with glass raised toward his guest of honor , visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . "  Let us answer its call . And let our two great nations realize all the triumphs and achievements that await us . " A tradition dating back to 1874 , state dinners are the most treasured and formal honor a U.S. president can offer a foreign dignitary , and the most coveted invitation in Washington . The Tuesday night dinner showed Obama 's intention to signal strong ties with the world 's largest democracy and go his own way in navigating the pomp and tradition of White House customs . Traditionally , a new administration 's first invitation goes to the leader of neighboring Canada or Mexico , though recent presidents also have n't followed that precedent . The event planned by first lady Michelle Obama emphasized eco-friendly themes such as White House-grown herbs and lettuce served to guests and sustainably harvested magnolia branches -- from species native to both India and the United States -- in arrangements adorning the tent where more than 300 guests wearing tuxedos and gowns were wined , dined and entertained . A White House document said common themes of state and official visits are "  forging friendships , exchanging knowledge and building bridges that last for years . " In a toast that followed Obama 's , Singh praised his host 's leadership and prompted applause by citing the charm of the U.S. first lady . Obama 's election was "  an inspiration to all those who cherish the values of diversity , democracy and equal opportunity , " Singh said , adding that India "  warmly applauded " the Nobel Peace Prize awarded Obama this year for "  the healing touch you have provided and the power of your idealism and your vision . " "  We need to find new pathways of international cooperation that respond more effectively to the grave challenges caused by the growing interdependence of nations , " Singh said . "  As two leading democracies , India and the United States must play a leading role in building a shared destiny for all humankind . " Obama , in a black tuxedo , and the first lady , in a dazzling cream gown with silver accents , greeted Singh and his wife , Gursharan Kaur , as they arrived , shaking hands on the White House steps and posing for pictures before leading their guests inside . Guests in tuxedos and evening gowns streamed into the White House for the historic social event , passing a line of journalists . In one humorous mishap , the cummerbund of Sen. Bob Casey , a Pennsylvania Democrat , fell off as he and his wife walked in . The guest list included political allies , a few opponents , celebrities and members of the Indian diplomatic community . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made the list , but not her husband , former President Bill Clinton . Democratic colleagues of the president including other Cabinet ministers , several senators and top aides made the list , including Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts  but not his wife , Teresa Heinz Kerry  , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs and White House Budget Director Peter Orszag . Ticker : See the list of expected attendees A couple of Republicans also made it , notably Indiana Sen. Richard Lugar and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal . Celebrities included Hollywood director Steven Spielberg , actors Alfre Woodard and Blair Underwood , CBS News anchor Katie Couric and New York Times columnist Tom Friedman . However , one name rumored to be included , but not appearing on the list , was Oprah Winfrey . The dinner , in a tent set up on the White House South Lawn with a view of the Washington Monument , featured round tables for 10 set in resplendent colors -- apple green , ruby , gold -- with floral arrangements of roses , hydrangeas and sweet peas in plum , purple and fuchsia . Place settings in fine china from three previous administrations -- Eisenhower , Clinton and George W. Bush -- were flanked by five pieces of silverware and crystal glasses . Place cards were in script -- "  The President " and "  Mrs. Obama " read two . A seasonal menu reflecting both American and Indian flavors started with a potato and eggplant salad made with White House-grown arugula and accompanied by an onion seed vinaigrette , according to the White House . Red lentil soup with fresh cheese followed , and then a choice of entrees -- roasted potato dumplings with tomato chutney , chick peas and okra for vegetarians , or green curry prawns , caramelized salsify and smoked collard greens . Dessert was pumpkin pie tart and pear tatin with whipped cream and caramel sauce . Each course was paired with a different wine , all of American vintage . The herbs and lettuces were harvested from the White House Kitchen Garden started by Michelle Obama , with honey from the White House beehive used to poach the dessert pears . Entertainment was by jazz vocalist Kurt Elling , Grammy and Academy Award-winner Jennifer Hudson , the National Symphony Orchestra directed by award-winning composer Marvin Hamlisch , Academy Award-winning Indian musician and composer A.R. Rahman , and The President 's Own United States Marine Band . "  It 's not every day you get to sing at the White House or even get invited to the White House , " said Hudson , who said she would dress in a purple and black gown "  with the longest train I 've ever worn " and sing standards including "  The Very Thought of You , " "  What a Difference a Day Makes " and "  Somewhere . " Veterans of state dinners said the planning for such a trend-setting event is meticulous . "  It 's stressful , it 's very stressful , " said Lisa Caputo , a press secretary for Hillary Clinton when she was first lady . "  What is the first lady going to wear ? What will be served ? How are the flower arrangements being done ? There 's a lot of protocol in terms of the serving line . " Every unit in the White House weighs in on the dinner 's guest list , Caputo said , with a lot of thought going into who sits where . "  There 's particular protocol in terms of who is seated at the president 's table and the prime minister 's table , " Caputo said . "  But do n't forget that an enormous amount of thought goes into that with the White House social office and the president and first lady in terms of who will round out the appropriate table , who will get along with who , what will be the dynamics of each table . "  Yes , of course it 's social , but , of course , there 's business done , " Caputo said . The final list is ultimately decided by the president and the first lady , said Anita McBride , who was chief of staff for first lady Laura Bush . "  Of course , having friends and supporters is really important to share that kind of event , and it 's also important for all the other guests that are there and the Indian members of the delegation to meet these people that are a cross-section of America , " McBride said . Amy Zantzinger , who was a social secretary for President George W. Bush , said all state dinners are different , and an administration 's first one is a big one . "  First they 'll bring the newness -- the newness of the whole day because it 's their first big dinner , " she said . What makes a successful dinner ? It 's what you do n't plan , Zantzinger said . During a Reagan state dinner , Princess Diana and actor John Travolta took to the dance floor . "  What made it so special was that it was so absolutely spontaneous , " she said . "  You had one of the most beautiful women in the world and one of the best dancers in the world come together in this incredible place , and I think the spontaneity of it and the combination of the two of them was perfection . " CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux , Samantha Hayes , Kiran Chetry , Ed Hornick , Becky Brittain and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama toasts India prime minister , urges greater cooperation between two countries Tuesday 's event is the first state dinner of Obama administration State dinners are deemed one of the most treasured and formal honors Menu includes greens from White House garden , honey from White House bees
Portland , Oregon  CNN  -- Two F-15 fighter jets escorted a passenger jet that had been headed for Hawaii back to Portland International Airport in Oregon after a passenger in coach became "  uncooperative , " an airline official said Wednesday . Hawaiian Airlines Flight 39 took off from Portland at 10:10 a.m. with 231 passengers and a crew of 10 when -- 90 minutes into the flight -- its captain decided to turn around the Boeing 767 , said Keoni Wagner , the airline 's vice president of public affairs . The fighter jets intercepted the plane at 1 p.m. , North American Aerospace Defense Command said in a written statement . It landed at 1:16 p.m. without further incident , the TSA said . The military decided that fighters should accompany the flight after receiving "  indicators " of a problem , said Lt. Cmdr. Gary Ross , a NORAD spokesman . He declined to elaborate on those indicators but noted that NORAD often must make decisions with limited amounts of time and information about whether fighter jets should accompany commercial flights that may be experiencing problems . "  There was little time to react , " he said . "  The prudent thing to do was to scramble " the jets . Upon the plane 's return , the passenger -- a 56-year-old Salem , Oregon , man -- was escorted from the plane with his female companion without incident , the FBI and the Port of Portland said in a joint statement . The FBI said it was not releasing his name because he had not been charged . FBI agents and Port officers interviewed the passenger and his companion , the flight crew and others , then released the two and referred the matter to the U.S. Attorney 's Office for review . Local and federal officers searched the plane , then allowed it to depart again for Hawaii , absent the pair . Oregon Air National Guard spokesman Sgt. John Hughel said command post officials told him they did not know who had placed the call for the escort . In a statement , the Transportation Security Administration said the captain decided to return the plane to Portland "  due to a suspicious passenger who made threatening remarks and refused to store his carry-on bag . " Port of Portland Public Information Officer Martha Richmond told CNN that the plane was turned around "  due to concerns the crew had . " Hawaiian Airlines spokesman Wagner said pilots occasionally return a jet to the airport from which it took off . But , he said he had never known one of the flights to be escorted by fighter jets . "  That 's new for us , " he said . John Cornelio , also a NORAD spokesman , said the command routinely monitors events in the air via the Domestic Events Network , a sort of party line that includes representatives of the Federal Aviation Administration and other agencies involved in national security . The FAA acknowledged last November that it notified military authorities 69 minutes after losing radio contact with Northwest Flight 188 , which had overflown its destination of Minneapolis-St . Paul airport . Under standard procedures , the FAA managers should have reported the incident to the Domestic Events Network five to 10 minutes after losing contact with the flight . Radio contact was eventually restored and the plane was redirected to its destination , where it landed without incident . Afterward , the FAA promised to take steps to prevent a repeat of that failure . The incident was one of two that occurred Wednesday . A Northwest Airlines flight preparing to take off from Miami International Airport in Florida for Detroit 's Wayne County International Airport instead taxied back to the gate after a passenger "  was heard making inappropriate remarks and acting disruptively , " the airport said in an incident statement . At the gate , local law enforcement and TSA personnel met the aircraft and all passengers were taken off the plane . The passenger and three companions were questioned by Miami Dade County police . The aircraft was searched and cleared for its flight . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this story .	NEW : NORAD says decision made after receiving "  indicators " of a problem Hawaiian Airlines Flight 39 took off from Portland at 10:10 a.m. with 231 passengers 90 minutes into the flight , captain decided to turn around the Boeing 767 , said airline official FBI : Not releasing name of alleged unruly passenger because no charges yet
CNN  -- California Rep. Maxine Waters is pressing the House ethics panel to set her trial date before the midterm elections in November . "  I have made a very public request to come out with the formalized charges and to set up a meeting to hear them , " she said Thursday in an interview with KCRW , a public radio station in Santa Monica , California . "  Let 's hope that they do it , " she said . The 10-term congresswoman is accused of violating House rules by seeking federal assistance for a bank with financial ties to her husband . According to a House ethics committee report , Waters helped arrange a meeting in September 2008 between Massachusetts-based OneUnited Bank and Treasury Department officials . OneUnited Bank ultimately received $ 12 million in bailout funds . Waters is a senior member of the House Financial Services Committee . According to Waters ' 2008 financial disclosure statement -- as mentioned in the report -- her husband had two investments in OneUnited at the time of the meeting . They were valued between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million . "  There is substantial reason to believe that Rep. Waters ' conduct may have violated " House rules , the report concludes . Waters , who represents the Watts section of Los Angeles , insists she did nothing wrong . "  I have not violated any House rules , " she said in a statement Monday . "  I simply will not be forced to admit to something I did not do . " Waters asserted that "  the record will clearly show that in advocating on behalf of minority banks neither my office nor I benefited in any way , engaged in improper action or influenced anyone . ... The case against me has no merit . " Waters has asked The Committee on Standards of Official Conduct to make public the formal charges against her . "  All I know is that I have not been charged , that there has been a report that was released that said further investigation , " Waters said . "  Most people do n't have a clue about what these charges are supposed to be and we 're eager to get the information out . " The announcement this week by the ethics committee means Waters , 71 , may now face a trial by committee members tasked with determining whether there is "  clear and convincing evidence " she broke congressional rules . Rep. Charlie Rangel , D-New York , is also facing a possible ethics committee trial . Rangel , the former chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee , has been accused of 13 violations of House rules involving alleged financial wrongdoing and harming the credibility of Congress . Both trials could take place in September , only a few weeks before the midterm elections . The prospect of inquiries into two high-profile Democrats has compounded the fears of congressional Democrats nervous about their prospects in November . "  I think that there should be a process that works for everybody . It should be fair , " Waters said . "  People 's due process should not be trampled on . I think it 's unfortunate that these cases have been handled the way they 've been handled . " The growing likelihood of trials for Waters and Rangel also adds the explosive element of race to the political equation . Both representatives are leaders of the Congressional Black Caucus , and OneUnited Bank is one of the largest minority-owned banks in America .	California Rep. Maxine Waters is accused of violating House ethics rules She has asked the ethics committee to hold a trial before November Waters is a 10-term congresswoman Rep. Charlie Rangel also faces ethics charges in the House
CNN  -- President Obama delivered his long-awaited and wide-ranging speech Thursday on American and Muslim relations , offering a hand of friendship to Islam and addressing an array of quandaries and conflicts dividing the two cultures . President Obama urges a new chapter in ties between the U.S. and Muslims in a speech Thursday in Cairo , Egypt . At Egypt 's Cairo University , Obama quoted from the Quran as he expounded on Islam 's glories and rights , the legitimate rights of Israel and the Palestinians , Iranian nuclear aspirations , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , women 's rights , economic development , and religious rights and democracy in the Muslim world . The address , billed as a fence-mending mission between the United States and Islam , urged those present and the people across the globe viewing the speech on television to enter a new , productive and peaceful chapter in their relationship . Obama 's stop in Egypt is part of a trip that started in Saudi Arabia on Wednesday and will continue later to Germany and France . Watch Obama 's entire speech " "  I know there are many -- Muslim and non-Muslim -- who question whether we can forge this new beginning , " Obama said , emphasizing that "  it is easier to start wars than to end them . It is easier to blame others than to look inward , to see what is different about someone than to find the things we share . " Obama reiterated a statement he made in Turkey in April . "  In Ankara , I made clear that America is not -- and never will be -- at war with Islam . "  We will , however , relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security -- because we reject the same thing that people of all faiths reject : the killing of innocent men , women and children . And it is my first duty as president to protect the American people . " Obama explored the Palestinian and Israeli conflict , endorsing a two-state solution and urging compromise and understanding between "  two peoples with legitimate aspirations . " iReport.com : A reaction to Obama 's speech And then he entered into the conflict 's thickets , understanding claims from both sides . He said the United States "  does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements " seen by Muslims as impediments to Middle East peace . Watch as Obama seeks a "  new beginning " " "  This construction violates previous agreements and undermines efforts to achieve peace . It is time for these settlements to stop . " Calling America 's "  strong bond " with Israel "  unbreakable , " he said , "  It is based upon cultural and historical ties and the recognition that the aspiration for a Jewish homeland is rooted in a tragic history that can not be denied . " He denounced the denial of the Holocaust and anti-Semitic stereotyping , and criticized anyone who would threaten Israel 's destruction . Expounding on the plight of Palestinians , Obama said "  it is also undeniable that the Palestinian people -- Muslims and Christians -- have suffered in pursuit of a homeland . " "  For more than 60 years they have endured the pain of dislocation . Many wait in refugee camps in the West Bank , Gaza and neighboring lands for a life of peace and security that they have never been able to lead , " he said . Watch Obama discuss the Israeli-Palestinian conflict " "  They endure the daily humiliations -- large and small -- that come with occupation . So let there be no doubt : The situation for the Palestinian people is intolerable . America will not turn our backs on the legitimate Palestinian aspiration for dignity , opportunity and a state of their own . " Obama also denounced Palestinian violence and the rejection by some of Israeli existence -- both seen by Israel as obstacles to peace . The president conjured the lessons of America 's civil rights movement when he urged Palestinians to "  abandon violence . " "  Resistance through violence and killing is wrong , and it does not succeed . For centuries , black people in America suffered the lash of the whip as slaves and the humiliation of segregation , " he said . "  It was not violence that won full and equal rights . It was a peaceful and determined insistence upon the ideals at the center of America 's founding . " The conflict , Obama said , needs to be seen from a larger perspective , not from the viewpoint of one side or another . And both sides must live up to the responsibilities of the moribund "  road map " peace process , he said . Watch CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Obama 's message of detente " He added that the Hamas movement -- which controls Gaza -- and has some support among Palestinians must end violence and recognize past agreements . He also urged Arab states to no longer use the conflict to distract their peoples from other problems . "  The only resolution is for the aspirations of both sides to be met through two states , where Israelis and Palestinians each live in peace and security , " he said . Obama talked about the importance of confronting violent extremism , touching on the fight against the Taliban and al Qaeda after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States . Emphasizing the fact that the United States entered Afghanistan by "  necessity " and not "  choice , " he countered the stances of some "  who "  question or justify the events of 9/11 . " "  But let us be clear : Al Qaeda killed nearly 3,000 people on that day . The victims were innocent men , women and children from America and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody . And yet al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people , claimed credit for the attack and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale . They have affiliates in many countries and are trying to expand their reach . These are not opinions to be debated ; these are facts to be dealt with , " he said . Obama said the United States does not seek to keep its troops in Afghanistan or establish military bases there but needs to continue the fight against "  extremists , " with both military power and investment in the infrastructure and economy of Pakistan and Afghanistan . "  It is agonizing for America to lose our young men and women . It is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict . We would gladly bring every single one of our troops home if we could be confident that there were not violent extremists in Afghanistan and Pakistan determined to kill as many Americans as they possibly can . But that is not yet the case , " he said . He addressed the conflict in Iraq , calling it unlike Afghanistan "  a war of choice that provoked strong differences in my country and around the world . " "  Although I believe that the Iraqi people are ultimately better off without the tyranny of Saddam Hussein , I also believe that events in Iraq have reminded America of the need to use diplomacy and build international consensus to resolve our problems whenever possible , " he said . He said the United States needs to help Iraq "  forge a better future and leave Iraq to Iraqis . " "  I have made it clear to the Iraqi people that we pursue no bases , and no claim on their territory or resources . Iraq 's sovereignty is its own . That is why I ordered the removal of our combat brigades by next August . That is why we will honor our agreement with Iraq 's democratically elected government to remove combat troops from Iraqi cities by July , and to remove all our troops from Iraq by 2012 . " Speaking about prohibiting torture and the closing of the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility , Obama talked about working on "  concrete actions to change course " and correct abuses in the war on terror . "  Just as America can never tolerate violence by extremists , we must never alter our principles . 9/11 was an enormous trauma to our country . The fear and anger that it provoked was understandable , but in some cases , it led us to act contrary to our traditions and our ideals , " he said . Obama dwelled on the tensions over nuclear weapons between the United States and Iran and the "  tumultuous history " between the countries . He pointed to the U.S. role in overthrowing a democratically elected government during the Cold War era and Iran 's role in hostage-taking and violence against U.S. troops and civilians since the Islamic revolution in 1979 . The president reiterated his desire to move forward with Iran on many issues , saying the "  question , now , is not what Iran is against , but rather what future it wants to build . " "  But it is clear to all concerned that when it comes to nuclear weapons , we have reached a decisive point . This is not simply about America 's interests . It is about preventing a nuclear arms race in the Middle East that could lead this region and the world down a hugely dangerous path . " The United States and other Western nations have opposed what they believe are Iran 's intentions to develop nuclear weapons . Obama said that any nation , including Iran , "  should have the right to access peaceful nuclear power if it complies with its responsibilities under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . " He said such a "  commitment " is at the treaty 's core and "  it must be kept for all who fully abide by it . " "  And I am hopeful that all countries in the region can share in this goal , " Obama said .	President Obama touches on Iran , Mideast conflict , wars in Iraq , Afghanistan Obama says U.S. does n't want to keep troops in Afghanistan U.S. "  does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements , " Obama says Obama calls America 's "  strong bond " with Israel "  unbreakable "
LifeWire  -- Janice Shih might be the most educated pastry chef you 'll ever meet . Janice Shih left her career in medicine at age 38 and became a pastry chef . Shih attended Johns Hopkins University , followed by medical school at George Washington University , then practiced for eight years as an obstetrician/gynecologist before realizing that baking , not medicine , was her calling . "  Everyone would say , ` You 're a doctor ; it must be so great to be able to save lives , ' " she says . "  But I felt like I was just pushing papers and feeling pressure to see more patients in less time . It was very draining . It just was n't fun anymore . " So in 2004 , at age 38 , she swapped her stethoscope for a rolling pin and enrolled in the pastry program at L'Academie de Cuisine in Gaithersburg , Maryland . "  I had always been interested in pastries -- mostly interested in eating them , " she says with a laugh . Shih now owns Tenzo Artisan , a bakery and catering company in Baltimore that specializes in pastries for people with food allergies -- it 's rewarding , she says , to make birthday cakes for people whose dietary sensitivities had forbidden such treats . She 's one of thousands of career changers who have left their cubicles for culinary school . Enrollment has risen 40 percent since 2000 at the Culinary Institute of America , and it 's up 15 percent this year at The Art Institutes , which operates 30 culinary programs across the country . The trend is helped by a growing cultural interest in gourmet food and a proliferation of cooking-themed TV shows like the Food Network 's "  Ace of Cakes " and Bravo 's "  Top Chef . " Plenty of possibilities Students attending the grueling programs , which can last six to 38 months , can dole out as much as $ 30,000 to $ 40,000 for the diploma . And then the real work begins . Neil Robertson , 44 , was technical director at a graphic design firm in 2003 and felt like he no longer fit the mold . He quit his 18-year career and attended the French Pastry School in Chicago . "  I 've always loved to bake , " he says . "  But baking in a professional kitchen ? I was n't sure that I could handle it . " In his first professional experience after pastry school , he found out how tough it can be : "  I came very close to tears . " Yet he persevered , and five years later became head pastry chef at Seattle 's Canlis restaurant . "  You 're not a chef as soon as you finish culinary school , " says Michael Ruhlman , author of "  The Making of a Chef , " an inside look at life at the Culinary Institute . "  You 're a chef only after spending several years further honing your craft and learning the ropes . To say otherwise would be like saying grads of medical school could instantly be called pediatric neurosurgeons the day after graduation . " And becoming a chef is n't the only option . "  There are so many possibilities today , " says Culinary Institute President Tim Ryan . "  Catering , sales , manufacturing -- we even have graduates who have launched clothing companies  or  become food scientists . " Jen Beltz , 38 , and Thom Householder , 40 , testify to that . In 2004 , they quit their jobs at AARP and followed their palates to Italy . Using the proceeds of their house sale , the couple attended a five-month culinary program in Florence , then a nine-month course in Canada . All the while , they had no idea where their gastronomic education would take them . "  Some of our friends and family seemed to think we were a bit insane , " Beltz recalls . But with their newfound culinary know-how , Beltz and Householder launched Front Burner PR , a boutique public-relations and marketing firm in Portland , Maine , that focuses on restaurants , hotels and other food-related clients . Do n't quit your day job just yet Think carefully before writing your resignation letter -- culinary school is no cakewalk , says Robertson . "  It 's hot . It 's fast . It 's high-stress . It 's a pressure cooker . " Ruhlman agrees . "  I ca n't even tell you how many people have read my book and thanked me for saving them from going to culinary school , " he says , "  because they had no idea how hard it really is . " Before taking the plunge , Robertson and Ruhlman suggest getting a feel for the job via a culinary vacation , like those offered through gourmetontour.com and foodvacation.com , or by shadowing a chef . For the second option , "  go to a restaurant that you like and respect and ask if you can spend a day in the kitchen , " suggests Ruhlman . It 's called trailing , and some restaurants are open to it . If you have some food experience , you might be able to stage  pronounced stauge  , which entails working in a kitchen alongside a chef , without pay , for a day or two . "  You get to see what life is really like in a professional kitchen , " he says , "  and it will really open your eyes . " Looking back , Robertson says leaving his job for the culinary world was a bold move , but worth every deflated souffl along the way : "  I 'm much more excited about what I 'm doing now . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Sarah Jio 's work has appeared in "  Gourmet , " "  Health , " "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " and many other publications .	Thousands leave their jobs to attend culinary school Chef : School is "  hot . It 's fast . It 's high-stress " Trend is fed by TV shows "  Ace of Cakes " and "  Top Chef "
CNN  -- Killing a 500-plus pound boar might sound like a big deal . But for one North Carolina man , it is just how he brings home the bacon . Jett Webb killed the massive animal last month in eastern North Carolina . When the amazing pictures of the animal and hunter recently circulated on the Internet , Webb started fielding calls from the media . Webb told CNN on Thursday that while many people were astonished by the kill , he shot a boar of a similar size two years ago . Still , friends and family were in awe . "  They were blown away . It 's not every day you see something that size , " Webb said . "  They ca n't believe something that big is running around the woods of eastern North Carolina . " Webb , a firefighter in Conetoe , said the gigantic pig provided so much meat that it filled up his deep freezer . He gave a lot of meat away , but still has "  a lot to last me a while . " Webb , 34 , said hunting is n't about bagging trophies for him . He has been hunting since he was 12 years old and says it relaxes him and provides food for his family . "  The meat the pig provided and the memory that hunting provides is worth more than any trophy , " he said . Webb and a few other of his fellow hunters at the White Oak Ranch Hunting Club had been tracking the massive hog since January on surveillance cameras they have placed throughout their hunting grounds . They just did n't realize how big a pig this was . On February 28 , Webb had been in a tree stand in Bertie County for hours when he spotted the boar and took him down with one shot . Webb said he used an AR-10 with a .308 - caliber round . He and a buddy tried to drag the hog out of the woods . That lasted a few feet . They had to go get a four-wheeler to drag it out . The scale only went to 500 pounds . It topped out , but Webb said he did n't think the boar weighed much more than 500 pounds . Michael Mansell , president of the hunting club , told North Carolina Sportsman magazine that he was there when the giant porker was weighed . Wild boar are not native to the United States -- they may have come with Christopher Columbus -- and did n't appear in North Carolina until 1912 , the state 's Department of Wildlife website says . Their average size is less than 180 pounds , the site says . In North Carolina , wild boar may be hunted year round during normal hunting hours . There is no closed season and no bag limit . In 2004 , a hunter in Georgia killed an 800-pound boar dubbed Hogzilla .	Jett Webb plans to eat what he does n't give away He and others had been tracking the big pig on video cameras set up near their hunting lodge Webb and another man tried to drag the boar out of the woods Critters usually weigh 180 pounds , or less
Rep. Steve King said he agrees that the Obama administration needs to change its response to hostage situations but does n't think the United States should go down the route of negotiating or paying ransoms . "  If you negotiate , if you pay ransom , you 're going to get more hostages taken . There will be more kidnappings , " the Iowa Republican said Tuesday on CNN 's "  New Day . " President Barack Obama ordered a review of how the United States handles overseas kidnappings of American citizens by terrorists , including how the families of captives are kept informed . The administration has not indicated a willingness to negotiate or pay sums of money in exchange for hostages , a practice some governments have used to win the release of captives by ISIS . Obama and other U.S. officials have denounced the practice , saying that money has helped the group grow stronger . Following the most recent killing American aid worker Peter Kassig , King said Tuesday there are other things the government could do to better its overall response . "  I do think though that they need to improve their coordination between the agencies and do other things possible to help get these hostages free , " he told CNN 's Chris Cuomo . "  I 'm afraid this is not the last beheading we will see and we need to take a much more aggressive approach towards ISIS , and take them on in the Middle East . " The U.S. government has seen criticism by at least one family of one of the slain hostages , James Foley , whose parents said the administration needed to be more willing to negotiate with ISIS . Rep. Peter Welch , a Democrat from Vermont who was also on "  New Day , " agreed that negotiating with terrorists would not be the right approach . "  We ca n't negotiate , we ca n't pay ransom . But ... we do have to be as compassionate and as open and as accommodating to these families who find themselves in this incredibly tragic situation , " he said , suggesting that having "  a single point of contact that can give real answers in real time " to the families would be helpful .	President Barack Obama has ordered a review of American hostage protocol Rep. Steve King stressed Tuesday not to pay ransom for hostages King argued paying ransom or negotiating leads to more kidnapping
CNN  Ahmad "  Real " Givens , who appeared on VH1 dating show "  Real Chance of Love , " has died after battling colon cancer , the network said Saturday . The reality TV star and Stallionaire rapper was 33 . "  VH1 is incredibly sad to report that Stallionaire and ` Real Chance Of Love ' star Ahmad ` Real ' Givens has passed away from colon cancer , " the network said on its website . "  Our hearts go out to Real 's brother Chance and their loved ones , we 'll truly miss this member of the VH1 family . " Givens broke into reality TV through the 2007 VH1 dating show "  I Love New York , " which he appeared on with brother Kamal "  Chance " Givens . He went on to star in spinoffs "  Real Chance of Love " from 2008 to 2009 and "  Real & Chance : The Legend Hunters " in 2010 . People we 've lost in 2015 Givens was diagnosed with cancer in 2013 , the network said . He maintained a positive demeanor regarding his prognosis , posting video to fans and verses from the Bible . In a January 9 picture posted on Instagram , he thanked fans for birthday wishes and said he had not been feeling well lately . Fans shared tributes and condolences on social media using the hashtag #RIPReal after news of his death broke Saturday . A picture on what is believed to be Chance 's Instagram account showed him teary-eyed over the news . " -LSB- Bye -RSB- to my favorite guy in this whole world , " part of the caption read . "  Words ca n't describe my pain . "	"  Ahmad ` Real ' Givens has passed away from colon cancer , " VH1 says on website The reality TV star and Stallionaire rapper was 33
Southern Living  -- For a heady dose of holiday spirit , dive into Opryland . Fifteen miles of green garland and 10 miles of hand-tied red ribbon festoon the property . I 've heard that you can see the Great Wall of China from outer space . At Christmastime , I bet you can also see Gaylord Opryland . It sparkles with megawatts of lights , fun , and merriment . But you do n't have to be shot into orbit to enjoy the view of this Nashville treasure . Make the easy drive to Middle Tennessee and delight in this perfectly luminous getaway . The one must-see Many holiday activities raise your spirits ; one really promises to chill you out . Most of you have read or seen "  How the Grinch Stole Christmas ! " But you have n't had the ultimate Dr. Seuss experience until you meet the green grump carved in ice . Put on a parka -- loaned to you upon admission -- and enter ICE ! , a frozen world located in the Gaslight Theater . The attraction will be back next year , but this is the last time you 'll see the Grinch and Who-ville , carved by Chinese craftsmen from huge , brilliantly hued blocks of ice . There are even frigid sliding boards to try . Afterward , leave the 18-degree area , and grab a cup of hot chocolate in the adjoining gift shop . Are you smiling yet ? Special happenings It 's the 25th year the resort has provided a Santa 's bagful of activities and entertainment . The decorations begin going up in July for A Country Christmas , and the festivities run from mid-November until the holidays end . During that time , enjoy delights such as carriage rides , photos with Santa , the Hall of Trees , and the Treasures for the Holidays Craft Show . Just admiring all the lights , poinsettias , and "  faux-piaries " -- animal-shaped topiaries -- will get your inner Rudolph aglow . Southern Living : Tips from a repeat Oprylander The Radio City Music Hall Rockettes high-kick from the Grand Ole Opry stage . Wear your Christmas sweater and jeans while you watch them -- everyone else does . For a memento of your visit , add glitter and sparkle to a fragrant miniature holiday house at Gingerbread Corner . Special events also include Louise Mandrell 's "  Joy to the World Christmas Dinner & Show , " as well as a Winter Wonderland that includes a train ride for little ones . Near the hotel , board the General Jackson showboat for a dinner cruise on the Cumberland River . SouthernLiving.com : Hot Spots for the New Year Dining and shopping You have many options for meals in the huge Gaylord Opryland complex . For a fine-dining experience , try Old Hickory Steakhouse . Indulge in a rich lobster bisque , perfectly cooked filet mignon , and crme brle . Water 's Edge Marketplace Buffet , located in the Delta Atrium , is a more casual venue . Graze among 60 different stations , filled with everything from pasta and salads to meats and vegetables . You can also grab a quick meal at Stax Burgers or Paisano 's Pizzaria & Vino , both on the Delta Island . For a nighttime dose of high-octane fun , go directly to the new Fuse nightclub , with rave reviews and visiting luminaries such as Kid Rock and Kim Kardashian . If you need festive duds , check out the shopping at Gaylord Opryland , such as Amelia 's or Savannah 's , both featuring dressy and casual women 's clothing . Opry Mills , the outlet mall just down the road , offers some of the best shopping opportunities , with winning Tennessee stores such as The Gibson Showcase and The Apple Barn Cider Bar & General Store . The Disney Store Outlet and Build-A-Bear Workshop also mesmerize , while standbys such as Nike , Gap Outlet , and Tommy Hilfiger Company Store are perennial favorites . The on-premises Rainforest Cafe or Johnny Rockets are ever popular refueling spots . If you go ... Gaylord Opryland Resort : www.gaylordhotels.com/gaylord-opryland or 1-888-999-6779 . Special holiday packages , including accommodations and tickets to several attractions , begin at $ 335 for a two-night stay . Try 2 FREE TRIAL issues of Southern Living - CLICK HERE ! Submit your favorite places to visit , stay , and dine in the South and enter to win a Caribbean Getaway - click here ! Copyright SOUTHERN LIVING Magazine . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	ICE ! in the Gaslight Theater includes an ice sculpture of the Grinch The decorations began going up in July for A Country Christmas Opry Mills , the outlet mall just down the road , offers great shopping
Belgrade , Serbia  CNN  -- Clashes between Serbian police and protesters broke out Sunday in Belgrade after an ultranationalist party demonstrated against the arrest of genocide suspect Ratko Mladic . Nearly 20 people were injured in the violence -- seven police and 12 civilians -- according to police . They said they made more than 100 arrests . Mladic , wanted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in connection with the 1995 Srebrenica massacre , was captured Thursday after nearly 16 years in hiding . The Serbian Radical Party held its protest Sunday in front of Serbia 's parliament building . Despite calls for calm from the event 's organizers , demonstrators on the fringes of the rally threw rocks at police . Hundreds of officers , some in riot gear and others on horseback , moved in against the crowd . Some beat and kicked protesters . Police stayed on the streets as the demonstrators scattered . "  We are gathered here to peacefully protest the betrayal by  Serbian President  Boris Tadic and his bosses in Brussels , " party leaders told the crowd before the clashes erupted . "  We have had enough economic humiliation by our enemies , who are destroying our country ... in every way . " At the protest -- which was attended by members of Mladic 's family and thousands of others -- speakers demanded that Tadic step down and asked that elections be held immediately . Mladic 's son , Darko , told the crowd that his father is sick . "  He needs medical treatment that he is not getting , " the younger Mladic said . He described his father as "  a freedom fighter , " and said he had "  defended his own nation , defended his people , which was his job . " The younger Mladic called on protesters to keep their demonstration peaceful . "  Tomorrow if I 'm able to visit my father , I will tell him of this and he will cry again , " he said . Mladic gave himself up without a fight , despite having two handguns , according to Rasim Ljajic , the government minister in charge of searching for fugitive suspected war criminals . Officials located Mladic in a village called Lazarevo , north of the Serbian capital , after culling information from his former comrades , those who supported him financially and his close family members , Ljajic said . It is not clear what source led investigators to the former military commander , accused of ordering the 1995 massacre of some 8,000 Muslims in the eastern Bosnian town of Srebrenica . His arrest clears a major hurdle that once stood between Serbia and its long-awaited entrance into the European Union , but the move could also usher in political backlash from the country 's electorate , some of whom consider Mladic a hero . "  We 're conscious of this danger , " Ljajic told CNN Saturday . "  We know we did something that did n't bring us joy or applause from the public . But we also know that we took great responsibility and did something that the political elite of any country is supposed to do . " He called Mladic 's capture "  a political investment , " noting the government 's desire to bring the war crimes suspect to justice "  even if citizens punish us in the next elections . " The massacre at Srebrenica , which sparked international outcry and preceded a NATO bombing campaign , is now remembered as the worst atrocity in Europe since World War II . Mladic allegedly presided over the five-day slaughter in July where Muslim men and boys were systematically executed in what was described at the U.N. war crimes tribunal as "  the triumph of evil . " Mladic 's forces encircled the town , a U.N.-declared "  safe area " where thousands of Bosnian Muslims had sought refuge , allegedly conducting wholesale slaughter and rape , despite the presence of a few hundred lightly armed Dutch U.N. peacekeepers charged with protecting the area 's residents and its refugees . The former general is considered the last of the fugitive war criminal suspects in the region , following the capture of Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic and former Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic , who died in jail in 2006 during his trial at The Hague . At the rally Sunday , a defiant Darko Mladic told the crowd , "  We will never accept those who bombed us to write our history . For centuries we have been fighting for our own state , for our own country to give us security . We do n't allow illiterate Westerners to write our history . " A medical team has determined that Mladic is healthy enough to be extradited to face a war crimes tribunal , a court spokeswoman in Belgrade said Friday . While the war crimes suspect suffers from several chronic conditions , the team said there are no immediate problems barring a move . This comes after five doctors examined Mladic Thursday night , according to the ex-general 's lawyer , Milos Saljic . CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	NEW : Nearly 20 people are injured as protesters , police clash in Belgrade NEW : Police make more than 100 arrests Demonstration calls for President Boris Tadic to step down Ratko Mladic was captured Thursday after 16 years in hiding
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- When celebrated film composer Hans Zimmer agreed to create the soundtrack for Disney 's 1994 animated film "  The Lion King , " he knew there was only one person he wanted to work with -- South African singer and songwriter Lebo M. Award-winning Zimmer , whose illustrious body of work includes scores for mega-hits such as "  Gladiator , " "  Pirates of the Caribbean " and "  The Simpsons , " had already collaborated successfully with Lebo on "  The Power of One , " a 1992 drama set in South Africa . "  By the time he -LSB- Zimmer -RSB- had committed to what became ` The Lion King , ' there were other people hired that I replaced ... because Hans was reluctant to continue without me in the project , " remembers Lebo . For Zimmer , however , there was still one big problem : finding Lebo in his hometown of Soweto . "  They looked all over , " says Lebo with a smile on his face . "  At that time there was no iPhone , the world was not here , you know ? To find somebody in Soweto , good luck ! " After a long search , Zimmer eventually tracked Lebo and asked him to fly to Los Angeles immediately . Read : Africa 's Hollywood music man Lebo put his stamp on the movie ; his credits include choral arranger and conductor but to most "  Lion King " fans he is famous for delivering the powerful vocal sequence in the opening moments of the film . The duo 's collaboration earned them a Grammy while Zimmer was awarded an Oscar for Best Original Score . The movie also turned out to be a roaring success , winning two Academy Awards and three Golden Globes , as well as becoming the highest grossing hand-drawn film in cinema history "  We had created a formula with Hans that puts together Eurocentric orchestration with African voices and African big drums , " says Lebo . "  We created a very unique soundtrack -- it 's still my very favorite soundtrack . " Lebo 's arrangements captured the spirit of Africa , in tune with the politics of the time in his home country . "  When Simba takes over Pride Land , to me is not an animation , " he explains . "  The lyrical inspiration around that is visualizing Nelson Mandela becoming president at the same time when Simba takes over Pride Land , " he adds . "  It 's a personal journey for me , this project . " Born in Johannesburg in 1964 as Lebohang Morake , Lebo grew up during the height of apartheid . Gifted with a natural musical talent , he left school at the age of nine to start performing at local night clubs . The young musician , who idolized soul legends such as Marvin Gaye and The Commodores , soon started making a name for himself , becoming the youngest singer to perform at The Pelican Club in Soweto , aged 13 . Two years later , his talent was recognized by a local U.S. ambassador who arranged for Lebo to apply to the Duke Ellington school of music in Washington , D.C. Lebo 's unique musical intuition led him to Los Angeles where , after a tough spell where he lived on the street and found himself working in car washes and fast food chains , he managed to establish himself as a Hollywood-based musician . Read : Healing a wounded nation through music Lebo 's first big break came when the 1987 South African-themed movie "  Cry Freedom " was nominated for an Academy Award . Lebo was asked to assemble a choir to perform at the Oscars . Their act received a standing ovation and people in the film industry took notice . More projects followed suit but in the early 1990s Lebo decided to go back to his apartheid-free home country and reunite with his family . He later returned to the U.S. to work with Zimmer on "  The Lion King . " While making the movie the pair wrote so much music that an executive at Disney decided to put out a second album , "  Rhythm of the Pride Lands . " Film , theater and opera director Julie Taylor heard it and approached Lebo about collaborating on a Broadway adaptation of "  The Lion King . " Following in the footsteps of the movie , the musical has gone on to become a long-running hit , amassing awards and spawning several productions across the world . Lebo says that it is the combination of the African spirit with a global story line that has made the show such a success . "  I think the authenticity and the raw African-ness of ` The Lion King ' is a bigger selling point than any other product that has ever been on Broadway or on stage , done with a world-class quality approach , " says Lebo , who is determined to keep the show 's feel authentically African by making sure that all international productions feature South African performing in them . Read : Afrobeats going global "  In the last 15 years we 've hired well over 250 South Africans , unknown , that come from raw townships , rural areas and suburbs that are spread around the world where ` The Lion King ' is and there are probably more than eight productions of ` The Lion King ' outside of New York and that for me has given me the opportunity to give back , " says Lebo , who is currently working on his first-ever tour . His advice to the young people of his continent is to embrace their African identity . "  I think the biggest challenge for us South Africans specifically , is how do we continue to define ourselves in a global community as part of the world community ? " he says . "  That 's the hardest thing to do right now -- to tell young people in Nigeria , in Johannesburg , in Ghana , that the African in you is your ticket to Hollywood versus the hip-hop African American wannabe in you , " he adds . "  You are a commercially viable product in the world and you can play and be commercially successful like anyone else but self-identity defines you . "	Lebo M conducted and sang on the movie The Lion King His arrangements won him a Grammy and he is currently working on his first ever tour The South African advises young people in the continent to embrace their identity "  The African in you is your ticket to Hollywood , " he says
CNN  -- Some passengers on a diverted Aeromexico flight finally reached their destination in Seattle , Washington , on Wednesday after spending 16 hours in limbo . The plane was scheduled to fly from Mexico City , Mexico , to Seattle on Tuesday , but was diverted to Portland , Oregon , because of thick fog , said Kara Simonds , a spokeswoman for Portland International Airport . In Portland , the passengers were not allowed to exit the plane for four hours because the airport did not have enough customs agents to process them , according to CNN affiliate KING . KING also reported several passengers became so angry that police boarded the plane and told them to stay there or be arrested . Fire officials tried to calm down the outraged passengers by providing them with burgers from a local fast-food restaurant during their wait , Simonds said . Passengers were then flown back to Mexico City after officials could not solve the issue with customs agents , Simonds said . Seattle residents Mike and Karin Kuntz said they had a good vacation in Mexico , but it went downhill after they tried to get home . "  We had a wonderful time , everything went great . Then the flight home turned into a nightmare , " Karin Kuntz told KING . "  We just felt like we were hostages -- that we , as passengers , had no rights . " Karin Kuntz said she was concerned about the pilot 's fatigue and the safety . "  Can he fly back ? Is he logged in ? How many hours does he have , " she said . "  No one seemed to be concerned about putting us back on that plane for all that time and that poor tired pilot . " The couple said they waited in the airport in Mexico City for 10 hours before getting a flight back to Seattle on Wednesday night . It is unclear whether other passengers on the flight were able to get to their destination . Representatives from Aeromexico said they were investigating the situation and issued a statement apologizing for the inconvenience . "  We will seek an explanation about why the customs agents were not available to assist the plane and its passengers in Portland , " the statement said . "  We will also take appropriate steps to thank the passengers who were inconvenienced by this situation for their patience . " However , the ordeal did not end for the Kuntzes when they reached Seattle . "  They lost one of our bags , " Mike Kuntz said . It is unclear if other passengers on the flight were able to get to their destination . Representatives from Aeromexico said they were investigating the situation and planned to release a statement . CNN 's Amanda O'Donnell contributed to this report .	Mexico City , Mexico , flight bound for Seattle , Washington , diverted due to heavy fog Flight returns to Mexico after customs agents ca n't process all passengers Representatives with Aeromexico plan to investigate situation
New York  CNN  -- Judson Box has never known exactly how his son , Gary , died on September 11 , 2001 . But an unexpected find nine years later has given him a glimpse into his son 's final hours . Gary , then 35 , had been working as a firefighter in Brooklyn for roughly five years when the terrorists attacked . He did not speak to his father the day of the attack and his body was never recovered , leaving the circumstances of his death a mystery . On September 11 , 2009 , Gary 's sister , Christine , was visiting the Tribute Center when an employee asked her if she was looking for someone specifically . She mentioned her brother Gary , and the employee showed her to a picture of a firefighter in the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel that had a caption bearing Gary 's name . But it was not Gary . It was a photo of Brian Bilcher , another member of Gary 's fire squad who also perished on 9/11 . The discovery compelled Gary 's father to dig deeper , clinging to the possibility that there could be a similar picture of his son out there . Box scoured photo archives of the National 9/11 Museum and the memorial 's website , which allows users to upload photos from 9/11 directly to the site . After searching one night for more than five hours , Box went to sleep , physically and emotionally exhausted . The next morning , his wife , Helen , called him into the living room as he was eating breakfast . She showed him a photo of a firefighter running through the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel toward the Towers alongside cars stuck in traffic . This time , it was Gary . "  I was out of out control , emotionally , " Box said . "  Thanking God , being so happy that I had something to see . " Eager for more answers , Box contacted the National 9/11 Museum and Memorial in an attempt to track down the photographer . Several months later , the museum gave him the e-mail address of Erik Troelson , a Danish businessman who was stranded in the tunnel on his way to a meeting when he snapped the picture of Gary . Having entered the tunnel before the first plane hit , Troelson was unaware of the tragedy that was taking place outside . "  Suddenly , the girl in the car in front of us got out crying , " he said . "  Then we turned on the radio and heard the events as they unfolded . " Soon after , firetrucks started racing through the tunnel , but a car with blown-out tires jammed traffic , he said . "  Some of the bigger trucks got stuck , so the guys started walking briskly past us , " Troelson said . "  Gary Box was one of the guys . " Box and Troelson corresponded via e-mail for months , with Troelson doing his best to recall the day 's timeline of events . On Tuesday , the National 9/11 Museum and Memorial foundation arranged for a surprise rendezvous between the men at their annual fundraiser . They shared an emotional moment onstage . Afterward , they spoke at length , with Box expressing his gratitude . "  I think I said about 300 times thank you and God bless you , that 's all I could say , " Box said . "  I think I told him I love you , and I do n't tell anybody that . " Nine years after September 11 , Box said he still feels the pain of that day . He does n't have the means to make large donations to the museum , but has sought to promote their cause through his story . "  We need that in this country because too many people forget , " Box said of the museum . "  I wish everybody could get what I got . "	Gary Box died on 9/11 without speaking to family ; his remains were not recovered Visit to Tribute Center prompts family to look for photos of him from that day Search yields picture of the firefighter running through a tunnel toward attacks Box 's father meets Danish businessman who took picture : "  I think I told him I love you "
CNN  -- Inter extended their lead at the top of Serie A to nine points after beating AC Milan 2-1 in a thrilling San Siro derby on Sunday , dealing a fatal blow to their city rivals ' Serie A title hopes in the process . Dejan Stankovic celebrates scoring Inter 's second goal in the superb 2-1 victory over city rivals AC Milan . Jose Mourinho 's side , who were the home team in the 150th league meeeting between the two Italian giants , should have taken an 18th minute lead when a fine flowing move resulted in Esteban Cambiasso crossing from the left for Dejan Stankovic to score . However , the Serbian midfielder just delayed his shot on goal , allowing Masssimo Ambrosini to come back and produce a goal-saving challenge in the area . Inter did eventually take the lead in the 29th minute , but the goal was shrouded in controversy . Maicon 's cross from the right was met by the head of fellow-Brazilian Adriano , but the effort clearly brushed off the striker 's arm before finding its way into the net . Milan were struggling to cope with the pace of Inter 's attacks and it was no surprise when the league leaders doubled their advantage two minutes before half-time . A long free-kick out of defense was headed down by Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Dejan Stankovic was on hand to crack home a superb shot on the half-volley . Inter were inches from making it 3-0 in the 47th minute when Milan again failed to deal with a long ball . Georgian defender Kakha Kaladze slipped over when trying to deal with the danger , allowing Adriano a free run on goal . However , the striker fired just wide with Ibrahimovic unmarked in the area begging for the ball . David Beckham had a quiet match for Milan and the England midfielder was eventually substituted in the 55th minute for Filippo Inzaghi , seemingly holding a hamstring injury . The chances kept coming for Inter . On the hour mark the superb Ibrahimovic was denied by a brilliant reflex save from goalkeeper Christian Abbiati . However , against the run of play , Milan gave themselves hope with a 71st minute strike . Ronaldinho produced some Brazilian magic to lay a delightful ball through for Marek Jankulovski on the left -- and the Czech layed a simple pass square for Alexander Pato to find the corner of the net . That goal brought Milan to life . Inzaghi had a shot well saved by goalkeeper Julio Cesar and the same player then headed home a Pato cross , but the linesman correctly flagged for offside . The longer the game went on , Pato began to have more influence , and the teenager nearly levelled for Milan in the 78th minute but Cesar did well to save with his feet . Then , in the final minute , Inzaghi again went desperately close , producing another fine save from Cesar as Inter held on for a classic and vital victory . Meanwhile , Juve 's title hopes were dealt another blow as they were held to a 1-1 home draw by Sampdoria -- meaning Claudio Ranieri 's side have now won just one of their last four matches . The visitors took a 10th minute lead when Giampaolo Pazzini was left unmarked to score from a pass from Antonio Cassano . The home side dominated proceedings but could only score once when Amauri headed home a Sebastian Giovinco cross in the 62nd minute . Despite plenty of chances , the hosts could not find the winning goal , with Pavel Nedved  twice  and Alessandro Del Piero hitting the woodwork . Elsewhere , Fiorentina held on to fourth spot and the final Champions League qualifying position as they remarkably came back from 3-0 down at Genoa to snatch a 3-3 draw with Adrian Mutu 's equalizer deep into injury time . Roma , who had won 10 of their previous 13 matches , drop to sixth after they were well beaten 3-0 at Atalanta , for whom Cristiano Doni scored twice .	Inter extend their lead in Serie A to nine points after defeating AC Milan 2-1 Adriano and Dejan Stankovic score the goals that settle the San Siro derby Juventus ' hopes take another blow as they draw 1-1 at home to Sampdoria
EW.com  -- Young women drove Summit 's zombie-themed romantic comedy "  Warm Bodies " to the top spot at the box office over Super Bowl weekend , while Sylvester Stallone 's Bullet to the Head got tackled , leaving the action icon with the worst debut of his career . "  Warm Bodies , " which was financed for about $ 35 million , earned an estimated $ 20 million from 3,009 theaters in its first three days . No , that 's not a Twilight-sized number , but no one was expecting "  Warm Bodies " to be the same sort of blockbuster . Sure , they 're both about romances between a teenage girl and an undead boy , but the Isaac Marion novel upon which it is based is certainly popular , but it never experienced the utter ubiquity that the Twilight books did . "  Warm Bodies " opened with a bit less than the 2009 comedy "  Zombieland , " which debuted with $ 24.7 million , but its star was in line with the debuts of both Chronicle and The Woman In Black , which opened on Super Bowl weekend last year to $ 22 million and $ 20.9 million , respectively . Much like the latter film , Warm Bodies played primarily to young ladies . According to exit polling , the film 's audience was 60 % female and 65 % under 25 . "  Warm Bodies " earned a solid "  B + " CinemaScore grade from crowds , and thanks to relatively strong reviews , its legs may not rot away as quickly as other teen-targeting titles , and a finish in the $ 50-60 million range seems likely . For star Nicholas Hoult , who has a slew of high profile releases -- including Jack the Giant Slayer , Mad Max : Fury Road , and X-Men : Days of Future Past -- on the horizon , Warm Bodies is a nice start to his run as a leading man . In second place , last weekend 's champ Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters dropped 53 percent to $ 9.2 million , good for a $ 34.5 million total after ten days . Paramount 's long-on-the-shelf fairy tale adaptation cost $ 50 million . Silver Linings Playbook held strong in third place in its 12th weekend . The Weintstein Co. 's $ 21 million David O. Russell dramedy fell only 14 percent this weekend to $ 8.1 million , giving it an $ 80.4 million total . Before this weekend , Silver Linings Playbook had been running a touch behind Zero Dark Thirty  coincidentally , the closest Oscar race -- between Jennifer Lawrence and Jessica Chastain for Best Actress -- is also the closest box office race  , but Playbook took a decisive lead over the last three days , and it 's still on track to finish above $ 100 million . Joe Flacco Super Bowl f-bomb heard on TV Speaking of Chastain , the red-haired beauty owned the rest of the Top 5 . Her Guillermo Del Toro-produced horror flick Mama continued its lucrative run , dropping 49 percent to $ 6.7 million . After 17 days , Universal 's $ 15 million film has earned $ 58.3 million . Meanwhile , Chastain 's more serious vehicle , Zero Dark Thirty , dropped 45 percent to $ 5.3 million . The film has earned $ 77.8 million total after seven weekends . 1 . Warm Bodies -- $ 20 million 2 . Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters -- $ 9.2 million 3 . Silver Linings Playbook -- $ 8.1 million 4 . Mama -- $ 6.7 million 5 . Zero Dark Thirty -- $ 5.3 million The weekend 's other new wide release , Sylvester Stallone 's R-rated action vehicle Bullet to the Head , got off to an even worse start than Arnold Schrwazenegger 's The Last Stand did two weeks ago . Bullet to the Head debuted in sixth place with a terrible $ 4.5 million from 2,404 theaters and an underwhelming "  B - " CinemaScore grade . That 's Sylvester Stallone 's weakest wide release debut ever . The last time a Stallone film opening in over 500 theaters did worse was in 1981 , when Nighthawks earned $ 2.5 million on opening weekend -- and that was only from 659 theaters , about 30 percent of Bullet 's theater count . According to exit polling , the few crowds that did see the film were 60 percent male and 81 percent above the age of 25 . Super Bowl : Funniest power outage tweets Bullet is the fifth gun-toting action film targeting older men to disappoint at the box office in the past month . In recent weeks , Gangster Squad has earned $ 43.1 million versus a $ 60 million budget , Broken City has grossed $ 18.2 million versus a $ 35 million budget , The Last Stand has found $ 11.7 million versus a $ 45 million budget , and Parker has earned $ 12.4 million versus a budget of approximately $ 35 million .  When reached , Warner Bros. did not provide EW with a budget for Bullet to the Head , though reports claim it cost $ 55 million . Of course , each of these movies was poorly reviewed , and that may be the main factor in their poor performances , but the weak results also suggest that fantasy-free shoot-em-ups starring older men  many of them Expendables stars  are n't connecting with viewers right now . Yes , Django Unchained is succeeding -- it crossed $ 150 million this weekend -- but that has a fantastical tilt to it . The overall trajectory does n't bode well for Bruce Willis ' A Good Day to Die Hard , which opens in two weeks . Lionsgate 's Stand Up Guys also opened this weekend in 659 theaters , where it earned a paltry $ 1.5 million . The film stars Al Pacino , Christopher Walken , and Alan Arkin , and it 's safe to say it wo n't be the biggest hit in any of their careers . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Warm Bodies " earned an estimated $ 20 million from 3,009 theaters in its first three days "  Warm Bodies " was financed for about $ 35 million "  Warm Bodies " opened with a bit less than the 2009 comedy "  Zombieland "
CNN  -- London Heathrow , the world 's busiest airport in terms of international passengers , has just celebrated its busiest day ever , with 137,000 people departing from the airport on August 13 . But it 's not the only airport in the world to boast impressive numbers . Here , we 've enlisted the help of the world authority on superlative achievements -- Guinness World Records -- to compile a gallery of record-breaking airports from across the globe . Are you a window flier or aisle seater ? TSA to investigate racial profiling claims Policy on unaccompanied kids causes flap	A record 137,000 people departed from Heathrow on August 13 Here are some of the world 's record-breaking airports
CNN  -- Missing Florida pilot Robert Wiles , who was believed kidnapped and held for ransom 21 months ago , now is believed to be dead , and a former co-worker is in custody , accused of his death , the FBI said Friday . Authorities arrested Stobert "  Tobie " Holt Jr. , 42 , Friday in Orlando , Florida , after he arrived from Colombia , where he was on a business trip , according to Tampa-based FBI spokesman David Couvertier . Holt faces state charges of first degree murder , kidnapping , extortion , and intent to inflict death or serious bodily harm , the spokesman said . The arrest was made by police from Lakeland , Florida , the Polk County Sheriff 's Office and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement , who were accompanied by FBI agents , he said . Though authorities now believe Wiles was killed , they do n't know where his body is , he said . The arrest was uneventful , Couvertier said : "  Holt was advised of his rights and said nothing . " A four-count grand jury indictment was unsealed Friday in Polk County , where Wiles , then 26 , ran a branch of his family 's international aircraft maintenance business , National Flight Service , at Lakeland Linder Regional Airport . The FBI said Holt worked for Wiles at the time he disappeared . He was among several employees who told investigators they last saw Wiles on April 1 , 2008 , at the office and had no clue what happened to him . The FBI wo n't reveal the suspected motive or why agents believe it was Holt who left a uniquely signed ransom note demanding money two days after Wiles disappeared . At the time , agents said Wiles ' father tried to comply with the demand to get back his son , but heard nothing . Holt is described as an employee who , at least at one time , had a supervisory role at the company . Authorities say he now works as a contract employee doing similar flight maintenance work at Patrick Air Force base near Cape Canaveral in Florida . Wiles was single . When he vanished without a trace , fellow employees said they were stunned . "  All that he ever worked on was customer relations . Making things better for the company , " co-worker Jerry Grief said at the time . "  Make the customer happy and make them come back . " The FBI said it traveled to six countries and three states tracing Wiles ' trips and interviewing business associates . Without disclosing details , agents said the investigation led them back to Holt and his whereabouts the day Wiles disappeared . Several agencies , including the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and the Polk County Sheriff 's Department joined the investigation . The case will be prosecuted by state authorities in Polk County . Wiles ' parents , who live in Ohio , had offered a $ 250,000 reward for their son 's safe return . They are said to be in seclusion after being notified about Holt 's arrest . When CNN interviewed them last year , Wiles ' mother , Pamela , said , "  We 're willing to work with them and do anything to get him back . We just want Robert back . And they can just go and live their life , and we just want him back . " The FBI will not reveal what makes agents believe Wiles is dead . "  Our investigation and evidence obtained to date indicate he 's dead , " Couvertier said . CNN Senior Producer Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Robert Wiles was believed kidnapped and held for ransom 21 months ago FBI now says he is dead , have arrested former co-worker Stobert Holt Jr. . Wiles ran a branch of his family 's international aircraft maintenance business
CNN  -- Oil companies could soon be using an innovative new technique involving nanotechnology and magnets to help clean up offshore oil spills . Oil spills from container ships or offshore platforms are a frequent hazard to marine and coastal ecosystems and an expensive one to clean up . BP expects the Gulf of Mexico oil spill in 2010 -- the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history -- to cost it $ 40 billion . However , researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  say they have found a method of recovering oil after a spill using magnets , potentially saving companies like BP money in clean up bills . On it 's own , oil is not magnetic , but MIT researchers say that when mixed with water-repellent nanoparticles that contain iron , the oil can be magnetically separated from the water . The nanoparticles can later be removed to enable the re-use of the oil . "  I had known about other scientists using magnetic fluids to separate oil but it had never worked out practically and that was something I felt I could do something about , " says co-researcher Markus Zahn . The recovery process would be conducted out at sea after the oil spill , explains Zahn . Seawater polluted with oil would be pumped onto a boat treatment facility . Once onboard , the magnetic nanoparticles would be added and attach themselves to the oil . See also : A robot that detects oil spills The liquid would then be filtered with the magnets to separate the oil and water , with the water returned to the sea and the oil carried back to shore to an oil refinery . "  I think in the world we are in , there are always going to be spillages which affect the wildlife and livelihoods of people and this can help tackle that , " says Zahn . Since the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill , there has been a rise in interest from oil companies and government departments in funding new techniques for reducing the environmental impact and cost of future oil spills . Until now the two main methods have been using chemical dispersants , which break up the oil , and skimming , a technique whereby the oil is pulled off the surface of the water . Although there are drawbacks to both -- chemical dispersants can have negative impacts on marine life and skimming can be hampered by bad weather -- magnetic techniques may still find it difficult to gain acceptance . Zahn admits that one oil company has already turned down the opportunity of funding the research but is confident that other companies will support the project . The use of tiny nanoparticles is seen by some as controversial . As well as being complex and difficult to use on a large-scale , there are concerns they could damage marine life , if accidentally released . See also : Robotic sailboats built to clean up oil spills While their impact on the environment is still largely unknown , scientists such as David Andrews from the U.S.-based Environmental Working Group  EWG  , say their use should be limited . Others suggest the magnetic technique would be better suited to small-scale use and that existing alternatives such as skimming are still better suited for tackling large-scale offshore oil spills . "  On a small-scale it  the magnetic technique  may be an excellent system but I do n't think it will work at sea in such a challenging environment , " says Dr Susan Shaw , founder of the Marine Environmental Research Institute . "  I think ultimately , it may be a better way of recovering oil once it is brought ashore rather than out at sea . " For Shaw , a newly developed skimmer from an Illinois company Team Elastic offers a better method for cleaning up oil spills . It can recover about 4,700 gallons per minute , so assuming the skimmer could be deployed 24 hours a day , it would take 30 days to pick up the entire 200 million gallons of oil spilled during the Gulf of Mexico disaster . "  In my opinion , the new skimmers are the most hopeful and best method for cleaning up an oil spill and protecting health and the environment . They should be part of the safety equipment required by permit for every offshore drilling rig , " says Shaw .	MIT researchers develop new technique for recovering oil using magnets Could save oil companies money and reduce costs of clean up Some experts question whether technique can work in sea conditions Skimming technique may be better suited to offshore spills
CNN  -- A fledgling force of Syrian military deserters said it struck an important government security complex on the outskirts of the capital overnight , a bold strike reflecting the resolve and confidence of the regime 's opposition . The assault came ahead of an Arab League meeting Wednesday to reaffirm a decision to suspend Syria 's membership , a move the group made over the weekend after President Bashar al-Assad 's government failed to abide by a proposal to end a brutal crackdown on protesters . Also Wednesday , France recalled its ambassador to Syria , the French Foreign Ministry said . The move followed attacks on French missions in Syria . The defector group , called the Free Syrian Army , said it attacked an air intelligence base in Harasta and planted "  powerful explosions inside and around the compound that shook its foundations . " Andrew Tabler , an expert on Syria at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said air intelligence has been deeply involved in the eight-month-long crackdown by the Syrian government against protesters , a grinding civil conflict that the United Nations says has left more than 3,500 people dead . Tabler said the strike reflects the growing sophistication of the Free Syrian Army , which has brigades across the country and has been in existence since the summer . "  It opens up a new era of the conflict , " he said , adding that the development represents "  a bad direction " for the country . "  Until now , most of the protests have been peaceful . " The Free Syrian Army said it "  carried out special operations in various areas in Damascus in order to spoil the plan that the regime is preparing against our people and our homeland . " The regime should "  take note " that the deserter force "  is capable of striking them in any place and at any time we want , " the group said . Activists said the deserter army used rocket-propelled grenades and the intelligence complex was damaged . Activists also reported damage at the complex in Harasta , an eastern suburb of the capital , Damascus . Free Syrian Army Lt. Abdullah al Odah , speaking to CNN in Istanbul , Turkey , called the late-night operation brief . He said 20 defectors armed with rocket-propelled grenades and Kalashnikov rifles participated and that it involved people from inside as well as outside the security branch . He did n't know whether security forces suffered casualties but he said no rebels were hurt . He called air intelligence "  one of the most terrifying secret service departments in Syria " and said such security entities will be targeted by defectors . "  This branch is responsible for many of the crimes against Syrian people and political prisoners , " al Odah said . "  We will announce the whole story to the world in the correct time . " It was one of five actions reported by the opposition force , which has recently emerged as an important factor in the opposition movement as more and more soldiers have left the Syrian army . The opposition force also reported clashes with personnel loyal to al-Assad in several areas . They include Qaboun and Arbeen , Damascus neighborhoods , and Saqba , a suburb . There was also fierce fighting in Douma , a city in the Syrian countryside . "  A clash between the Free Syrian Army and Assad 's criminal gangs and his mobsters  the shabiha  in Douma , our Free Syrian military caused the Assad 's gangs a lesson that they will never forget and heavy losses at the roundabout in the Douma municipality , " the army said . The shabiha are pro-government militias . Tabler said the Free Syrian Army consists of soldiers who 've left their posts instead of obeying orders to fire on protesters . They 've also had active operations in and around Homs , Idlib and other areas recently , he said . Opposition groups like the Free Syrian Army have been calling on the international community to help protect protesters . They have urged the United Nations to impose a no-fly zone , as it did in the Libyan conflict , and a naval blockade . Army leaders have said such policies could allow them to establish a base of operations to launch a campaign to bring down al-Assad 's regime . The group surfaced when seven military officers , believed to be original members of the Free Syrian Army , announced their defection in a video posted on YouTube in July . The group 's leaders , who had been exiled to Turkey , say they 're directing a guerrilla war effort against the al-Assad regime , which acknowledges an increasing number of deadly attacks on its soldiers , including a bombing of a Syrian army tank near Daraa recently . Col. Riad al-Assad , a 30-year veteran of the Syrian air force , claims to lead a force in Syrian cities of some 10,000 mainly low-ranking soldiers , a number impossible to verify . But the opposition fighters are believed to have little firepower -- planting bombs and carrying out hit and run attacks -- and they 're a small force in comparison with Syria 's military , which numbers in the hundreds of thousands . The group has a Facebook page , which calls on other soldiers to join it . The Arab League , meeting in Rabat , Morocco , said al-Assad did n't stick by his pledge to release detainees , withdraw armed elements from populated areas , and allow unfettered access to the nation by journalists and Arab League monitors . The league has also called for unspecified sanctions against Syria and called on member states to withdraw their ambassadors from Damascus , a decision that will be up to each nation . The Syrian Arab News Agency , a state-run outlet , quoted a government source as saying that "  Syria decided not to participate " in Rabat , where there was a ministerial meeting of the Arab League council and an Arab-Turkish cooperation meeting . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told the Arab-Turkish group that the Arab League 's move to suspend Syria 's membership was "  a responsible and well-timed step that put forth the gravity of the situation . " He said Syria had n't fulfilled commitments to the league and the Turks to rein in the instability . A former ally of Syria , Turkey has threatened to cut off power supplies if Syria does not change course . Turkey 's Energy Ministry said it has suspended negotiations with Syria over joint oil exploration . "  The Syrian administration should read the message of the Arab League correctly , and by ending the violence it is inflicting on its people open up the way for the inevitable process of democratic transformation . It is not possible for any administration to win a struggle against its own people . It is not possible for an administration based on collective punishment and everyday killing people on the streets to be successful , " Davutoglu said . "  The Syrian administration must know that public opinion in neither the Arab world nor the world at large can bear these heart-wrenching images forever . Time is working against the Syrian regime . All of the credit and the helping hands that have been extended to the Syrian regime to date have been wasted , " he added . The final communique Tuesday from the Arab-Turkish forum "  emphasized the necessity of halting the bloodshed and violence against Syrian citizens , and the importance of taking urgent measures to assure the safety of civilians . The ministers stressed the importance of the stability and unity of Syria and the need for the resolution of the crisis without any foreign intervention . " The Arab ministers also "  expressed their appreciation to Turkey for providing temporary protection on its territories for Syrian citizens who fled to Turkey . " Mohammed al-Ikhsafi , Morocco 's ambassador to Syria , told CNN a demonstration occurred in front of his country 's embassy in Damascus on Wednesday . "  There was some improper behavior in front of the embassy . The protesters threw tomatoes and rocks at the embassy and they brought down the Moroccan flag and raised the Syrian flag instead , " al-Ikhsafi said . "  I asked them to send in a delegation so I can listen to their demands and what they were protesting against . I explained to them Morocco 's stance in the Arab League and then they left . The demonstration is over now . No one was physically attacked or injured . " Morocco 's Foreign Ministry condemned the attacks on its embassy , the country 's official news agency reported . The United Arab Emirates denounced an attack on its embassy . A Western diplomat in Damascus told CNN in an e-mail that windows were broken there . "  The Syrian government will shoulder the responsibility on maintaining the security of its diplomatic mission and the respect and safety of its staff , " said foreign affairs undersecretary Juma al-Junaibi . "  It is clear that there was negligence on the part of the Syrian government in providing the necessary measures to ensure the protection of the UAE diplomatic mission in Damascus , and the protection of its staff . " On Saturday , pro-government protesters attacked Arab and Turkish entities in Damascus , Aleppo and Latakia . The Turks have demanded compensation for damage to their buildings and they have evacuated families of diplomats and some nonessential personnel . On Monday , Syria 's state news agency reported that Syria 's foreign minister publicly apologized for the embassy attacks . And Jordan 's King Abdullah said this week that a person in al-Assad 's position would step down , a statement observers interpreted as a call for the Syrian president to do just that . For its part , the Syrian government freed 1,180 detainees Tuesday as part of the Arab League peace plan . But opposition groups said the gesture was too little , too late . The death toll keeps mounting , they said , with at least 81 killed in clashes Monday -- making it one of the deadliest days of the uprising . The number of civilians killed Wednesday was 20 -- 11 in Homs , 7 in Idlib , and 1 in each Daraa and Damascus suburbs -- said the Local Coordination Committee of Syria , a coalition of activists . CNN is not able to independently verify claims of fighting and casualties because the Syrian government has restricted international media access to the country .	Free Syrian Army says it knows of no casualties in assault on government complex "  It opens up a new era of the conflict , " a scholar says A Turkish diplomat says "  helping hands " to Syria have been wasted More deaths are reported in Syria on Wednesday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Six hip-hop artists from five countries speaking four languages are on stage , warming up for their show at the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts . International hip-hop artists warm up for their show at the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts on Tuesday . "  Warming up " does n't really capture it ; the dancers explode across the stage , each one with a different hip-hop style . Michelle Salazar is chic-grungy in black jeans and white T-shirt , her long black hair swirling around her head . Hassan El Haf , from Lebanon , tall and thin , does a kind of electric hip-hop mixed with salsa . Argentines Mauricio Trech and Silvia Fernandez move in a dramatic break dance . Both hail from Argentina , home of the tango . Hien Ngoc Pham from Vietnam , with a buzz cut and dressed in white jeans and a white T-shirt , has Broadway bravado in his every move . The dancing stops and Samer Samahneh begins rapping -- in Arabic . No translation needed ; it comes from his soul . Three weeks ago , the dancers had never met , but now they 're a team , participating in the State Department 's Cultural Visitors Program . The program consists of three weeks of meeting American hip-hop artists and dancers and visiting New York City , Philadelphia and Washington , D.C. "  It 's like a dream come true for me , " Salazar said Tuesday , the day of the team 's show , "  because I only read their names in the Internet and now , like , I met Afrika Bambaataa , the founder of hip-hop . I was right next to him . It 's a real immersion into the culture . I do n't want to wake up ! " Salazar is n't just star-struck . She 's learning a lot and she plans to bring it back to her fellow dancers in the Philippines . "  Dancers in the Philippines do n't have much of a foundation -LSB- in hip-hop -RSB- , " she says . "  They do n't understand why dancers do this " -- she moves her arm -- "  or why they do this " -- she strikes a pose . "  Because if they knew why they would feel it . I can feel it by watching these -LSB- American -RSB- hip-hop dancers . " Samahneh agrees : "  You 've got to feel it . " His rapping , he says , comes from inside-out . "  Even if you do n't know the language , you can get involved with what I 'm saying . " Samahneh says that when he raps in his hometown of Nablus in the West Bank , he is "  asking God to bring peace to our land . " Colombia Barrosse , the vibrant head of the State Department 's Cultural Programs Division of the Bureau of Cultural Affairs , says the cultural cross-fertilization is the goal of the program . "  There is nothing that can substitute for being in the United States and meeting Americans in their place , to look at the richness and diversity of the United States . That 's irreplaceable , " she says . The Cultural Visitors Program is part of the State Department 's cultural programming around the world . The $ 8.5 million budget is supplemented by institutions like the Kennedy Center , which is co-sponsoring this performance . Most of the visiting artists in the program found their way to professional dance through hip-hop . Pham , a member of the Vietnam Dance Association , is currently working to open a hip-hop training center in Ho Chi Minh City to reach out to young people . With a broad smile , he says , "  Hip-hop is such energy . It 's so young . It 's also an opportunity for our countries to get closer , and I have a lot of friends all over the world . " Hip-hop may have started in the United States , but it belongs to everyone . Here 's how Hassan El Haf puts it : When he got to New York , he felt as if he had landed on his "  real planet . " "  Yeah , I see them , all the dancers in the street , the music , all the people that like hip-hop music , " he says . "  When I do hip-hop , it makes me feel happy all the time . This is my life . "	Hip-hop artists from five countries visit the U.S. to meet U.S. artists , perform Visit is part of State Department 's Cultural Visitors Program Team visits New York City , Washington , Philadelphia over three weeks "  It 's a real immersion into the culture , " Philippine performer says
CNN  -- For ardent royalists and keen followers of the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee celebrations , there could have been few more fitting tributes to the British monarch 's abiding reign than Sunday 's 1000-strong flotilla . The vast fleet of multi-colored , eccentrically-clad yachts - which included everything from ancient tall ships to Viking-style longboats -- was led by a gold-gilded barge carrying the queen herself , reflecting an intimate and centuries-old communion between the royal family and the high-seas . Throughout history , British monarchs have relied on the country 's sea power to protect their kingdom and conquer new territories . During the 18th and 19th centuries their naval conquests ensured that the "  sun never set " on its empire , but even though times have changed since then , the monarchy still enjoys a very special relationship with the symbolically titled Royal Navy . The queen 's husband , Prince Philip , is its Lord High Admiral , while her son Charles holds the rank of Admiral -- having taken command of his own ship in 1976 . Prince William is Sub Lieutenant and Commodore-in-Chief for Scotland and Submarines and completed an attachment with the Royal Navy in 2008 . The queen 's father , George VI , was the last British sovereign to have seen action in navy battle when , as a 20-year-old Sub-Lieutenant in the Royal Navy , he fought during the First World War in the Battle of Jutland , May 1916 . But it 's not just in the arena of naval warfare that the royals exhibit their maritime affections . There are probably few finer examples of a regal leisure boat than "  Her Majesty 's Yacht Britannia , " built especially for the queen in 1953 . Now decommissioned and on display in Edinburgh , Scotland , the vast and lavishly designed "  Britannia " has sailed over one million miles during 44 years of service over the course of 968 official royal visits . Once described by Queen Elizabeth as "  the one place where I can truly relax , " the royal yacht was built to many of her specifications . Over the years it played host to the likes of Sir Winston Churchill , Boris Yeltsin , Rajiv Gandhi and Nelson Mandela and has been used for four royal honeymoons - including Prince Charles and Princess Diana 's 16-day trip in the Mediterranean . Back on the Thames , British monarchs have a long-standing tradition of using the winding river to celebrate different types of royal events such as processions , receptions , coronations , weddings and christenings . According to the Diamond Jubilee Pageant historians , King Richard III may have been the first English monarch to go to his coronation by water , rather than by land , in 1483 . Four years later Henry VII did n't spare any costs when his queen , Elizabeth of York , was escorted up the river by a company of barges adorned with red , flame-breathing dragons . A generation later , Anne Boleyn 's coronation in 1533 was one of the grandest spectacles ever seen on the river . Reports from the event suggest that it featured an impressive armada of more than 300 lavishly-apparelled vessels , and her leading barge contained a moving mechanical dragon -- complete with men dressed as monsters , casting fire towards the spectators on the riverbank . An altogether less frightening pageant was hosted by King George I , who commissioned German-born composer Handel to write him a piece for the event in 1717 . The "  Water Music " concert was performed for the king on his barge and , according newspaper reports of the time , he enjoyed it so much he ordered the 50 exhausted musicians to play the suites three times during the trip . "  Back then the Thames was the biggest boulevard in London , so if a monarch wanted to make an impression on the populous they would do it on the river , " said Pageant Master Adrian Evans , the man responsible for organizing Sunday 's eye-popping event . As Britain began to industrialize , the number of royal pageants began to dwindle . At the time the river was virtually an open sewer , with the Houses of Parliament once having to be abandoned because MPs were "  overpowered by the smell , " according to the official Diamond Jubilee Pageant website . The industrialization during the Victorian era also meant the streets of London were paved and broadened to make way for machinery and traffic . "  When the streets started to be redeveloped the event planners realized it was easier to do these types of celebrations on dry land , so they forgot about the river , " said Evans . Until now that is . After decades of hard work to clean the Thames , . it is now enjoying a new era of popularity . Read more from Mainsail : ` Queen of yachting ' captures sailing 's golden era on film "  The relationship between the river and city has changed over the past 30-40 years . The Thames is now one of the cleanest metropolitan rivers in the world . The best new architecture in London is built on the riverbank 's edge , and a walk by the riverbank is one of the most popular things for tourists to do when they come to visit , " said Evans . "  I think it 's fabulous that the river has sunk back into the hearts of the city . So it makes absolute sense that the Diamond Jubilee pageant should be on the river , " he added . Ultimately , the royal family 's love-affair with sailing vessels "  comes down to the fact that Britain is an island nation " according to Hannah Cunliffe , from the National Historic Ships UK organization . Pageant master Adrian Evans agrees , but says that the symbolic connection between royalty and the sea reflects a broader disposition embedded in the national psyche : "  Britons ' relationship with water runs deep , and our characters have been forged by the canals and the rivers . "	The British royal family has a centuries-old relationship with boats and the sea Sunday 's flotilla most recent in a long line of regal celebrations on the Thames Britain 's identity as a small island nation is significant in royal 's affinity with boats
CNN  -- If the first presidential debate in Denver was a game changer , Tuesday night 's was not . But that does n't mean it was n't a spirited , heavyweight bout with several consequential moments . President Obama entered the second presidential debate needing to make up serious ground after his first debate performance . He turned around the narrative from the first debate -- that he was listless and lethargic and on the defensive -- but showing up is one thing , winning is another . Obama needed a convincing win Tuesday night , and he did not get it . Gov. Romney came into Tuesday night 's debate needing to prove that his first performance was n't a fluke -- in other words , that he was n't Jimmy Carter in the Reagan-Carter debates , when Carter won early on but went on to get dominated by a Reagan comeback . Tuesday night Romney delivered again and proved his performance was consistent and legitimate . He has established himself as a legitimate alternative to the president . Romney was relaxed and not intimidated by Obama 's newfound aggressiveness . He was responsive and flexible . He went toe to toe early on , challenging the president directly over the production of oil on government land and winning on the facts . Reality check : Oil production One of the highlights of Romney 's night was when he spoke directly to the African-American man who voted for Obama in 2008 , but wondered whether the next four years would be any different if Obama were re-elected . In an encyclopedic fashion , Romney gave a litany of Obama 's failed promises and failed record . Romney was at his best when he told the voters in the room to look at the president 's record and policies , rather than listening to his rhetoric , and then proceeded to explain the impact of the Obama policies and what he would do differently . In what may be one of the more important political moments of the debate , Romney was asked how he would be different from George W. Bush . Romney effectively distanced himself from Bush on policy specifics , noting he would control deficit spending and champion small business , not just big business . It was an important moment to convince many undecided voters that he is not Bush 2.0 . From the first whistle , Obama was stronger , more forceful , and more aggressive , no doubt to the delight of his supporters . If Obama landed punches it was because he threw a lot of them -- mainly on Romney 's private equity career and tax returns . But too often his attacks seemed rehearsed and scripted . Romney 's empty ` binders full of women ' Furthermore , Obama spent more time attacking Romney than focusing on his own vision for the future . Obama did n't lay out a new , bold , or different plan for a second term dealing with the debt or entitlements . Romney was looking to the future ; Obama was trying to remind the country of the Bush years and tie Romney to Bush . If there was a key takeaway from the debate indicative of the race going forward , it may be the heated exchange over Libya and the president 's handling of the attack on our ambassador . The president was directly asked about the security in Benghazi and who declined the requests for more security in Libya . Obama did n't answer the question . Romney could have called him on it and missed a big opportunity . Then there was the most controversial moment of the night , when moderator Candy Crowley intervened to insert that Obama did in fact call the attacks that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens "  terror " attacks in his Rose Garden speech the next day . Obama actually said , "  No acts of terror will ever shake the resolve of this great nation , alter that character , or eclipse the light of the values that we stand for . " There will be much parsing and spinning of these words , but Romney should n't have let Crowley interrupt him and assert her own interpretation . Fact check : Obama 's statement on "  acts of terror " For two weeks after the president 's Rose Garden speech , Obama and his administration peddled the explanation of a spontaneous protest sparked by a YouTube video , before they finally called the Benghazi attack what it really was -- a terrorist attack . Romney should have emphasized this mishandling . He may have missed this moment , but he will have another chance during next week 's foreign policy debate . Until now , the momentum of this race has been about impressions and appearance -- Romney 's aggressiveness and forcefulness in the first debate versus Obama 's listlessness and lethargy . In Tuesday night 's debate , Obama gets points for showing up , but that 's hardly something for the Democrats to be proud of . The impression Romney made in the first debate he reaffirmed Tuesday night , meaning that Obama has still has ground to make up going into the final debate next week . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	William Bennett : Denver debate was a game changer ; Long Island one was n't He says the president needed to score a convincing win but fell short of that Bennett : Obama was more energetic , but Romney showed he 's a credible alternative
PopSci.com  -- More than 130 veterans of the Iraq war now face the daunting challenge of learning to live with a missing arm . To make that transition easier , the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , or Darpa , has launched a $ 55-million project that pools the efforts of prosthetics experts nationwide to create a thought-controlled bionic arm that duplicates the functions of a natural limb . The Darpa arm must not only perform like the real thing but resemble it too . If all goes well , by 2009 the agency will petition the Food and Drug Administration to put the arm through clinical trials . This summer the team hit a critical milestone when it finished Proto 2 , a thought-controlled mechanical arm -- complete with hand and articulated fingers -- that can perform 25 joint motions . This dexterity approaches that of a native arm , which can make 30 motions , and trumps the previously most agile bionic arm , the Proto 1 , which could bend at the elbow , rotate its wrist and shoulder , and open and close its fingers . A person wearing a Proto 2 could conceivably play the piano . The next steps are to shrink the battery , develop more-efficient motors , and refine the bulky electrodes used to read electrical signals in muscles . As for making actual music , the wearer is on his own . How it works : Copyright  2009 Popular Science	Darpa launches $ 55-million project to create a thought-controlled bionic arm The arm will duplicate the functions of a natural limb Proto 2 thought-controlled mechanical arm can perform 25 joint motions A person wearing a Proto 2 could conceivably play the piano
CNN  -- The Chicago teachers strike has forced into the open a debate about school reform that has simmered for several years . On one side are "  reformers " such as Mayor Rahm Emanuel , who have been pushing for the expansion of charter schools , the use of test scores to evaluate teachers , the replacement of veteran teachers with those who are alternatively certified through programs such as Teach for America and the closure of "  failing schools . " The mayor claims these changes will improve public education , although there 's been scant evidence to support his proposals . On the other side is the Chicago Teachers Union , which has been clear about what it opposes : Closing schools , expanding charters , for example , but less clear about what should be done to improve schools . On Friday , both sides reached a tentative deal , but the strike is not over until union reps vote , which is expected this weekend . Let 's be straight : Chicago 's public schools desperately need to change . They have some of the highest dropout rates in the nation , and many schools are chronically unsafe and ineffective . But the district has been undergoing reforms for several years now . Before Emanuel , the chief architect for change was U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan , CEO of Chicago Public Schools from 2001 to 2009 . In fact , many of the reforms now embraced by Emanuel -- expanding charter schools , replacing failing schools with new schools -- started under Duncan  and former Mayor Richard M. Daley  . The question we should be asking is : Why have n't they worked ? Clearly something is still not right in Chicago given that only 44.6 % of Chicago Public School students meet or exceed the Illinois Learning Standards ; and in 2011-12 of the 598 schools in the system , 443 did not achieve "  adequate yearly progress " for two consecutive years ; and 523 schools had an overall rating in 2011 of "  no , " indicating that they did not make AYP . In an exhaustive study of many of the reforms carried out during the Duncan years , Tony Bryk and his colleagues at the University of Chicago found that the following elements are essential to sustained school reform : effective leadership , parent-community ties , professional capacity  teacher effectiveness  and a student-centered learning environment . They also found that in the schools where poverty was most heavily concentrated , the reforms failed to generate sustainable improvements because the schools were overwhelmed by poverty 's effect on the lives of children . It is important to note that the researchers did not conclude that poverty itself was a learning disability . Rather , the study found that if the effects of poverty -- poor nutrition and health , housing instability , violence , neglect , etc. -- were not addressed , student achievement and school performance suffered . Unlike the mayor , the teachers union has acknowledged this problem and called for more social workers and social services at high poverty schools . In a city where more than 80 % of school age children are poor , this is a good start but it does n't go far enough . Struggling schools in Chicago also need to be able to attract and retain good teachers , and the union has opposed replacing teachers at the failing schools . Unlike the union , the mayor has emphasized the need for urgency in improving the school system since his election . The union must acknowledge that the system needs an effective way to evaluate teachers and an expedited process for removing those who are ineffective . If the union rejects using test scores as a basis for evaluation -- and the research shows that using test scores in this way is both prone to inaccuracies and could create disincentives for teachers to work with the neediest children -- then it must put forward another model that is workable . "  No " is not an answer . The problems created by ineffective teachers are real and can not be ignored . The real losers in this strike are the children of Chicago , and not just because they have been left out of school for a few days but because they will be forced to return to too many inadequate schools when the strike is resolved . Emanuel must stop his bullying tactics , and the union must put forward its own proposals for change . Both parties must begin working together to create the schools that the children of Chicago deserve . This must include comprehensive plans for addressing the effects of poverty , but it must also include plans for improving the quality of teaching and the performance of schools . Chicago would do well to learn from the example of Boston , which also has been under mayoral control for several years and has been a leader in reform despite the presence of a strong union . Several of its pilot schools , which function as in-district charters , are top performing schools , and it has also succeeded in turning around struggling schools such as Orchard Gardens . The big difference is that reforms in Boston have been carried out with teachers and not on them . Today , Boston is also one of the top performing urban school districts in the nation , and the union just agreed to a contract that includes rigorous evaluation and uses student test scores in the formula . It 's amazing what can be accomplished when the adults work together in the interest of children . It would be a good idea if educational leaders in Chicago spent more time working together for change and improvement and less time pointing fingers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pedro Noguera .	Pedro Noguera : Whatever outcome of teachers strike , it 's clear schools need change He says they face high dropouts , low ratings , poor student progress , high poverty Sides must deal : Union must see need for good teachers ; mayor must stop bullying Noguera : Even with deal , students will return to substandard schools
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A British woman who was arrested on suspicion of drug trafficking in Pakistan remains in jail with her child , despite concerns about the baby 's welfare . Khadija Shah , 25 , of Birmingham gave birth to her daughter , Malaika , a few weeks ago at a hospital in the city of Rawalpindi , an hour 's drive from the capital , and was escorted back to jail with the infant only three days later , to the shock and dismay of her lawyer . "  The baby has had constant diarrhea , and Khadija complained that jail attendants are giving her strong medicine that is lethal for such a young child , " Shahzad Akbar , legal counsel for Shah , told CNN . "  She would have been able to look after her child if she was granted bail , " he said . CNN has attempted to reach the jail for comment about the claims , but officials have not yet responded to calls . However , jail officials have said in media reports that the baby is receiving proper care . Read more : $ 2.6 million in cocaine found in British woman 's luggage , Indonesians say Shah , who denies the charges against her , appeared in court Thursday with her infant daughter . Grasping the child , and barely able to speak through tears , she said she did n't want to give up her daughter , despite the conditions in the jail . "  No , I ca n't give her to anyone , I ca n't give her up , " Shah told CNN before she was returned to her cell . "  It 's not that bad , " she said of the conditions there . Still , covering her face and hiding her tears , Shah conceded , "  I 'm worried about her . ... " In Pakistan 's legal system , mothers can keep their children in jail with them while their cases are heard -- a process that can take years . Shah , arrested on drug charges in May , was allegedly found carrying more than $ 5 million worth of heroin before boarding a flight to England from Islamabad . Read more : Pakistani officials seize drugs shaped like onions She was six months pregnant and traveling with her 5-year-old son and 4-year-old daughter when airport security detained her at Islamabad airport after a "  tipoff , " according to her lawyer . "  Shah 's  older  children were also incarcerated with her until recently , when they were turned over to their grandparents , " Akbar said . Col. Tauqeer , the commander of the Anti Narcotics Force responsible for Shah 's arrest , told CNN that Shah was apprehended after spot checking . "  It was routine checking when we found more than 63 kilos of heroin sewn into embroidered cloth in her bag , " Tauqeer said . The Anti Narcotics Force "  followed procedure , " according to Tauqeer , and Shah now faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted of the charges against her . According to the Anti Narcotics Force , 306 people , including foreign nationals , have been convicted in drug-related cases so far in 2012 , and 37 tons of drugs have been seized across the country . "  There are no weaknesses in our case , " according to Tauqeer , who said Shah had made two prior trips to Islamabad , during which she probably transported drugs to England . He said she told law enforcement officers that she had no relatives in Pakistan and that she was there on vacation . "  First she said she had no family , then her relatives arrived from Lahore to take the children ; then she said she was married , and  it  turned out she was divorced . There are too many discrepancies in her statements , " Tauqeer said . Shah said that she had no knowledge of carrying drugs and that she was given a bag by a friend to take home to England , her lawyer told CNN . He also denies Tauqeer 's claims about prior trips and any discrepancies in Shah 's story . Now , as Shah tends to her infant daughter in jail , her other children are in the UK ; taken back , her lawyer says , by their grandmother . But there is little chance Shah will join them anytime soon . A trial awaits her in Pakistan .	Khadija Shah , 25 , was arrested while six months pregnant and gave birth to a girl in Rawalpindi Shah , accused of drug trafficking , was put back in jail three days after the birth Lawyer criticizes care that baby is getting in jail , calls for bail for new mother Shah denies trafficking , but anti-narcotics official says the case against her is solid
CNN  -- A cargo ship off the coast of Somalia escaped pirates who attacked it Thursday with grenade launchers and machine guns , sparking a fire on board , the Russian Transportation Ministry said on its Web site . The pirates raced toward the ship , the Captain Maslov , in a high-speed boat late Thursday afternoon and attacked as it headed from Colombo , Sri Lanka , to Mombasa , Kenya , the ministry said . The attack started a fire on board the Cypriot-owned , Russian-operated Captain Maslov , but the crew members were able to extinguish the flames , the ministry said . It said none of the 17 Russian crew members aboard was injured in the attack , which occurred about 300 miles off the Somali coast . Afterward , the Captain Maslov was able to escape the pirates by "  maneuvering , " and continued to Mombasa , the ministry said . No other details were available . The ship is owned by Cyprus ' Diataxis Shipping Company and is operated by a Russian shipping company , FESCO Transport Group . The ministry said Russia 's Foreign Ministry , the Federal Security Service and the Defense Ministry were alerted to the attack , and the Russian government established contact with rescue centers in nearby Seychelles and Kenya . The attack was also reported to the Russian naval ship Neustrashimy , the ministry said . A day earlier Russia 's navy said the Neustrashimy and a British frigate , HMS Cumberland , had rebuffed pirates ' attempts to seize the Danish ship MV Powerful in the Gulf of Aden . It was not clear from the Russian navy when that incident occurred . The British Ministry of Defense said a crew from the Cumberland had boarded a small boat on Tuesday that "  they ... believe had been involved in an attack on the Danish-registered MV Powerful earlier in the day . " Two alleged pirates were killed during shooting between those aboard the small boat and Cumberland crew members , the statement said . A third person , a Yemeni national , died later from injuries , despite care from the Cumberland 's doctor , it said . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Russian-operated ship attacked with grenade launchers , machine guns Attack triggered a fire on board the cargo ship , but it was extinguished None of the 17 Russian crew members aboard was injured in the attack
CNN  -- Megan Arseneaux awoke Monday to Hurricane Gustav 's extreme winds whipping leaves and other debris across her backyard . iReporter Megan Arseneaux is hunkered down reading a book to pass the time . "  It 's a very scary situation . " "  As I type this , the wind has actually picked up , " the 19-year-old iReporter said in an e-mail Monday morning . "  It 's a very scary situation . Every time I look out my window I see a huge tree swaying as the wind takes complete control of it . To pass time I 've been napping , reading a book and , of course , watching the news . " Arseneaux and her mother decided to stay put after seeing interstates jammed with traffic over the weekend . They figured they 'd be better off boarding up their Harahan home just west of New Orleans instead of following mandatory evacuation orders . Track Gustav 's path " "  We were very indecisive about leaving or not , due to the horrific traffic situations , " Arseneaux said . "  I do n't regret it ... yet . " Other iReporters shared similar stories of hunkering down , even though nearly all of the 2 million people in coastal Louisiana and the New Orleans area cleared out ahead of Gustav . Fewer than 10,000 people were thought to remain in New Orleans , according to Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal . New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin had demanded an evacuation of the city , telling residents Saturday "  to get your butts moving out of New Orleans right now . " iReport.com : See where the action is One resident who did n't heed that warning is iReporter Christopher Sarpy , a lifelong New Orleans resident who is riding out the storm with his father and stepmother . He said local officials were just being alarmist to "  cover their butts . " Sarpy sent in a video of a barren New Orleans on Sunday night before the storm hit . "  It 's a complete dead town , " he said as he scanned the empty streets . Watch video of the "  ghost " town before Gustav hit " Sarpy said he evacuated to Dallas , Texas , for Hurricane Katrina and did n't like being so far from his home not knowing what was happening to it . "  I live in a really protected part of town . We did n't get an inch of water in our house during Katrina , " he said . Why not leave ? "  We do n't want to deal with coming back in the city with 2 million evacuees , " he said . iReport : Are you in Gustav 's path ? Let us know About 130 miles west of the city , in Lafayette , iReporter Heather Says was holed up in her home with her husband , sister-in-law and her friend early Monday . "  We 're just going to hunker down , " she said . "  We 'll see if in 24 hours I regret that decision . " Watch why I 'm staying put " They have water , food , batteries , flashlights and other emergency supplies . She noted with a laugh that they also had plenty of "  beer and wine " handy . Brian Rowell , 28 , of Metairie , an area close to Lake Pontchartrain , is staying home with his wife and another friend . They evacuated for Katrina , but decided that they were "  100 times more prepared for this one . " They 've got a generator , lots of ice , water , coolers and dry goods . In Katrina , he says he spent most of the time on the road , and his house stood up fine . He looked at a friend 's photos of the area from Katrina and thought he 'd be fine riding out Gustav . "  Water came to the doorstep , did n't get inside , " he said . iReporter Dorwin Berrier , the captain of a 110-foot-long supply boat for oil wells in the Gulf , said he 's been busy getting people off the oil well in recent days . Monday morning , as the storm slammed the region , he and his vessel were docked in Port Fourchon . "  It 's windy and rainy and a lot of blowing and a lot of water , " he said . At this point , he said there 's not much to do . "  Just keep an eye on the engine room , make sure the you 're not taking on water and making sure no one gets hurts . "	iReporter : "  Every time I look out my window I see a huge tree swaying " An estimated 2 million people fled Louisiana ahead of storm , but some stayed put New Orleans iReporter says local officials were being alarmist to "  cover their butts " Resident in Lafayette says they have emergency supplies , plus "  beer and wine "
