Washington  CNN  -- The Nuclear Regulatory Commission told Congress on Thursday that the likelihood of a Fukushimi Daiichi-type event in the United States is "  very , very small . " However , it said an ongoing study of the Japanese disaster will probably lead to changes to increase safety at the nation 's 104 commercial power plants . The commission said , in a nutshell , it expects to require nuclear plants to be prepared for bigger natural disasters , to survive longer power outages and to consider the possibility of simultaneous disasters affecting multiple reactors , as happened in Japan . Commissioner George Apostolakis said one of the lessons of Fukushima is "  humility . " "  I believe that , as a community of safety analysts , we were pretty confident that there would be no new surprises , " Apostolakis said . "  Fukushima has challenged that belief . " Commissioners said the commission 's core safety concept , a belts-and-suspenders policy called "  Defense in Depth , " is sound . The policy requires power plant designers and operators to have multiple , redundant layers of defense to respond to failures so that no single layer of response is relied on . They also endorsed support for regulations that require plants to be designed to withstand the strongest natural disasters on record for that location , with an added margin of safety . But while voicing support for both concepts , some commissioners said "  Defense in Depth " needs to be deeper and margins of safety wider . Currently , emergency plans for most U.S. nuclear reactors envision one nuclear reactor being in danger . At Fukushima , all four operating reactors were affected by the tsunami that followed an earthquake in March . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission also requires plans to evacuate a 10-mile zone around power plants , but U.S. authorities recommended that U.S. citizens within 50 miles of Fukushima evacuate . Japan to hand out radiation meters to children "  If there 's an overall lesson we can learn from this , I think that is you ca n't ... predict everything that will happen in the future . You ca n't predict every earthquake , every tsunami , but ... you have to be able to recover from whatever happens , " Commissioner William Magwood IV said . Currently , a Nuclear Regulatory Commission task force is midway through a 90-day review of the Fukushima incident , searching for lessons that can quickly be applied to U.S. plants . The 90-day study , to be released July 19 , will be followed by a lengthier study involving more long-term changes . At a hearing before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , commissioners discussed some of the lessons learned . They include : -- The commission needs to evaluate its "  station blackout " rule concerning how power plants deal with the loss of electrical power , Commissioner William Ostendorff said . "  I think that the commission will probably receive from the task force perhaps some recommendations in this area , " he said . -- Backup batteries used to power control room functions during blackouts are insufficient , Apostolakis said . "  Clearly , the main message from Fukushima is that four hours , or sometimes eight , is not sufficient , " he said . "  Interestingly enough , when the requirement of four or longer hours was put in place , it was actually a conservative estimate .  Regulators  looked at the time it took to recover AC power  during a blackout  . The average was about two hours , so to be conservative , they doubled it . And now we have this accident that shows its very inadequate , so that 's certainly something we have to look into . " -- The commission needs to consider the impact that spent-fuel pool problems can have during a larger event , Chairman Gregory Jaczko said . "  I think we 've had a singular focus , perhaps , on reactor safety in the event of accidents and not put enough attention into considering the impact of spent fuel pools  on the response  , " he said . -- The commission needs to consider staging of emergency and back-up equipment . After the September 11 terrorist attacks , the commission required plants to stage auxiliary diesel generators near nuclear plants , Magwood said . "  We require those units to be just a very short distance away from , say , reactor buildings . Clearly , if we had those procedures in place and had experienced a Fukushima-type event , that equipment would have been wiped out along with a lot of the other side equipment . That was a significant revelation for me and something I think we have to address , " he said . -- The commission needs to review first-responder communication capabilities . "  It 's always very difficult to have communication in a crisis situation , and I think that 's an area that we can always be exercising and improving , " Commissioner Kristine Svinicki commission . Commissioners also said the agency must study what led to the hydrogen explosions that plagued Fukushima but said not enough is known about the incident to recommend changes . "  We 've always asked ourselves the question , ` Are the plants still safe ? Is there anything we need to do today to address that ? ' And the answer continues to be ` No , ' " Jaczko said . "  We want to get good information ,  and  we have time to do that . "  The likelihood of something like this happening in the United States is still very , very small , because these are really very , very unlikely types of events , " he said . Jaczko said the current 90-day review "  may seem like a very long time ,  but  to the people doing the review , it 's going by in a millisecond . " "  But it 's important that we get it right , and I think that so far , they are looking at all the right things , " he said .	Commissioners tell Congress of potential changes to power plants "  Humility " among lessons of Japan 's disaster , commissioner says They say the present core safety concept is sound
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The death toll from a plane crash Sunday in Karachi , Pakistan , rose to 12 after an official confirmed the deaths of four people who were on the ground . The four laborers were sleeping in an under-construction building that the plane crashed into , said Pervez George , a spokesman for Pakistan 's Civil Aviation Authority . Additionally , a man on a motorcycle was critically injured when the plane crashed , George said . The plane crashed early Sunday in the southern port city , killing eight Russian nationals on board and sending flames shooting through the sky , a Pakistani official said . The cargo plane took off at 1:45 a.m.  3:45 p.m. Saturday ET  from the Jinnah Karachi International Airport for Khartoum , Sudan , and went down a few minutes later in the Gulistan-e Johar section of Karachi , an area where many Pakistani naval officers live . The plane appeared to hit several buildings that were under construction . The pilot appeared to deliberately bring the plane down in a less densely populated residential area in order to save lives , Masood Raza , a Karachi district government official , told CNN affiliate GEO News in Pakistan . "  If the plane would have crashed in a  more crowded  residential area , it would have been a very big disaster for the city of Karachi , " Raza said . The Russian-made cargo plane was carrying relief supplies , including tents , to Africa before it went down . The plane arrived in Karachi on Saturday from Fujairah , United Arab Emirates , George said . A witness told CNN that he saw fire on one of the plane 's wings before it crashed . Firefighters , rescue personnel and area residents rushed to the scene , with jet fuel fanning the large flames and huge plumes of smoke . The blaze was put out by 4 a.m. , according to George , but rescue personnel continued to comb through the rubble looking for other people possibly killed or hurt . Bystander Mohammed Raees told GEO News that he was injured after flaming parts of a building hit him and the motorcyle he was preparing to ride . Hospital sources told the CNN affiliate that Raees had burns over 60 percent of his body .	Four workers on the ground were killed in the crash The pilot probably saved lives by guiding the plane to a less crowded area , an official says The plane hit buildings under construction in an area housing Pakistani naval officers All 8 killed onboard were Russian crew members of the Sudan-bound aircraft
CNN  -- October has been the deadliest month for the US and NATO militaries fighting in Afghanistan as well as UN workers trying to organize an election runoff . Surely the surge in deaths serves to underscore why Afghanistan matters . For all the debate happening away from the battlefield , here are a couple of important bottom-line questions : Is the world prepared to see the Taliban and their opportunistic allies al Qaeda return to power in Afghanistan ? Are people prepared for the terrorists ' dream - photo-op of Mullah Omar and Osama Bin Laden sitting smiling together in Kabul ? And here 's what 's at stake : The West fortunately has been free of terrorist attacks on its major cities in the last few years , but it was not so long ago that the London Tube bombings ; mass murder in Madrid ; mayhem in Mumbai in 2008 ; the murders of Benazir Bhutto and Daniel Pearl ; the Bali bombing ; the shoe bomber and , of course , 9/11 and the attacks on the World Trade Center changed our world and our way of life . Together , those events created pervasive fear and anxiety , not to mention a change in our lifestyle caused by security measures in airports , trains , banking transactions and office buildings . What all of these events have in common is that the perpetrators all came from , visited , were financed by , or were led by terrorist organizations operating in Afghanistan and Pakistan , especially the ungovernable territories on those countries ' border . The Bush administration , in the view of some , may have gone too far in responding to these events by creating an all-encompassing "  war on terrorism . " However , for the eight long years America and NATO countries have been at war in Afghanistan , this war , uniquely in modern history , is still supported by all the world 's major powers , the neighbors of Afghanistan , and mostly by the people of Afghanistan , who dread both insecurity and a return to the brutal horrors of the Taliban . If the threat of new terrorist attacks is not enough , what about the threat of a nuclear catastrophe ? Look at Pakistan this week . Horrific bombings in the frontier town of Peshawar and elsewhere have also killed scroes of people , just as U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrives to firm up security and development co-operation with that country . While foreign policy and intelligence experts continue to worry that terrorism , Islamic extremism , the continued threat of renewed war between Pakistan and India , plus the presence of nuclear weapons in the arsenals of both countries , could prove a combustible mix in the not-too-distant future . This is not scare-mongering ; it 's simply the reality that what happens in South Asia could affect all of our lives . That 's why all of us must be concerned by the outcome of the war that is being fought today in mountains of the tribal areas in Pakistan and the plains of Afghanistan . Many of the soldiers and officers I speak to in Afghanistan say the best way to beat back the threat of Taliban insurgents is with boots on the ground and additional military resources , as well as a proper development assistance for the Afghan civilians . The Afghan people need protecting and enabling . I have been reporting from Afghanistan since 1996 and the one thing I 've noticed over the years is that every Afghan asks foremost for security . Then next on the list is development to help them earn a decent living and raise their families . They also want a decent government . They know this will take years of patience and effort . They know it will be a hard slog . After all , they have been at war for 30 years now , during which the traditional , honor-bound society they had for decades has all but vanished . Though it is true that fierce tribal traditions mean some Afghans distrust even the tribe next door , not to mention foreign troops , over and again , Afghan men , women and children have told me they do not see the U.S. and NATO forces as occupiers , rather as armies from countries who came to help them ... but who have fallen short of their promises . This fear and disenchantment is what the Taliban feeds on today . They want the U.S. and NATO out , they try to convince the people those outsiders are occupiers bent on harming them . And yet , if you look at the current trends and the latest polls in Afghanistan , despite massive governmental corruption , abuse and dysfunction , the majority of the people want nothing to do with the Taliban . Polls show only a tiny minority support them . And that is mostly because they are desperate for security and safety , something the West has failed to follow through on after roundly defeating the Taliban and al Qaeda in seven weeks after 9/11 . And across the border in Pakistan surveys show Osama Bin Laden has lost his luster among Muslim youth . Support for Islamic extremists is dropping . The Pakistani government is finally fighting back against the extremists who threaten the future of this mostly moderate Muslim country . Under pressure , the militants are lashing out in parts of the country . See Christiane Amanpour 's special report on "  Generation Islam " Unfortunately , at this crucial moment , people in America and Europe are tiring of their governments ' support for the war in Afghanistan and the battles in remote parts of Pakistan . The agonized debate over strategy in Washington hides the sad fact that since sending the Taliban and al Qaeda packing , shortsighted U.S. vision snatched defeat from the jaws of victory . The Bush administration mostly ignored Afghanistan while diverting its attention and resources to Iraq . Now that the U.S. is finally refocusing on the war in Afghanistan it 's an opportunity to look at what is at stake : the urgency of finishing the job in Afghanistan pitted against the real war-weariness of western voters . This is the dilemma of the modern world where the latest of life 's challenges such as the financial crisis , unemployment , new flu pandemics , health care , and the housing market dominate daily life . Getting the job done in Afghanistan will take years in time and resources . It will require faith and patience . The mass media is not the best place to reflect that . It does not usually focus on the hard slog , instead it is constantly in search of the new and the now . But the next time there is a major terrorist attack , in all likelihood it will have been generated by an organization somewhere near the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan . Again , people will ask : Why were n't our leaders and the media there to warn us of the dangers ? As a member of the media I believe that 's our job : to report the facts .	Amanpour : Is the world prepared to see the Taliban return to power ? They 'll bring their allies , al Qaeda , with them , she says Majority of Afghans want nothing to do with the Taliban , she says But they feel NATO , U.S. troops have fallen short of their promises , she says
CNN  -- The Kurdish region of Iraq has seen gains in human rights , but security forces "  regularly abuse their authority " and women continue to be targets of violence , Amnesty International said Tuesday . Iraqi Kurds mark International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women in November 2008 . The international human rights group drew the conclusions in a report titled "  Hope and Fear , Human Rights in Kurdistan Region of Iraq . " The Kurdish region has been an island of relative stability during the Iraq war , and the report said it has "  witnessed growing prosperity " and has made progress in human rights . But serious problems remain , Amnesty said . Asayish forces , as the local security forces are called , arrested and arbitrarily detained people , "  including some who were tortured or forcibly disappeared and whose fate and whereabouts remain unknown , " the report said . The report said the torture included electric shocks , sleep deprivation , kicking , suspension by the wrists and ankles , and beatings with fists , cables and batons . Malcolm Smart , Amnesty 's director of the Middle East and North Africa Programme , said the Kurdistan Regional Government "  must take concrete steps to rein in these forces and make them fully accountable under the law if recent human rights gains are to prove effective . " Amnesty said that Kurdish authorities have also failed to control the security wings of the Kurdistan Democratic Party and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan , the two major Kurdish political movements that make up the regional government . The report , based on research from a fact-finding mission last year , said the Kurdistan Regional Government has made progress in human rights , citing , for example , the release of political prisoners detained without charges or trial . It also cites legislation expanding freedom of expression and measures that strengthen women 's rights , and said several agencies are working to monitor and prevent violence against women . But Smart said problems such as "  arbitrary detention and torture , attacks on journalists and freedom of expression , and violence against women " have n't ended and "  need urgently to be addressed by the government . " As for abuse against women , authorities must "  redouble their efforts to overcome discrimination and violence against women , " he said , "  and end the vicious cycle of so-called honor killings and other attacks on women by men who wish to subordinate them . " According to official records , the report said , at least 102 women and girls were killed between the beginning of July 2007 and the end of June 2008 in the region . "  These include an unknown number of ` honor killings ' -- women who were killed by male relatives because their behavior was considered to have infringed traditional codes of ` honor . ' Victims of ` honor crimes ' include women who have objected to being forcibly married as well as women who were found having telephone contact with a man without approval of their family , " the report said . The report said 262 women and children "  died or were severely injured in the same period due to intentional burning , including suicides . Some women were reported to have been burned to disguise a killing . " The report cites one woman who was strangled to death apparently by her brother "  because of her suspected relationship with another man . " A 17-year-old female "  was shot dead after she sought a divorce from her husband . " A 13-year-old girl burned herself to death "  to escape forcible marriage to an adult man . " "  Such cases show how much more still needs to be done by the KRG authorities to give women and girls effective protection against violence from those who wish to control their behavior or force them into marriages against their will , " Smart said . "  No effort should be spared to prosecute and imprison those who commit violence against women , and to make clear that those who perpetrate these crimes can not escape justice . " The report also said that emerging independent press outlets that have criticized the KRG or have focused on the security forces , human rights violations and government corruption have been harassed . Journalists "  have been detained , beaten and harassed " by security forces , and several newspapers have been sued by the KRG .	Kurdish security forces arbitrarily detain , torture people , Amnesty International says Government has made progress in human rights , but problems remain , agency says Honor killings , other attacks on women need to end , it says Journalists have been detained , beaten and harassed by security forces , report says
CNN  -- Authorities in Peru said Tuesday they have begun disciplinary action against jailers who photographed suspected killer Joran van der Sloot posing with two other men held in connection with high-profile killings there . The photograph , first aired by the Peruvian television network America TV , shows the 22-year-old van der Sloot standing alongside fellow inmates Hugo Trujillo Ospina and William Trickett Smith II . A fourth man in the picture is not identified . Peru 's National Institute of Corrections said Tuesday that disciplinary action was in the works over the photo . "  On August 23 , the Office of Internal Affairs of the institution began administrative and disciplinary actions with the goal of establishing responsibility over the acts of official misconduct by employees of the Castro Castro Correctional Institution , " the agency announced . "  They improperly used photographic equipment that was meant for administrative duties . " Van der Sloot faces a murder charge in the death of college student Stephany Flores , who was found dead in his Lima hotel room in May . Police said he confessed to the killing after his arrest , but van der Sloot is asking a court to throw out his statement . Authorities say van der Sloot has not received any visits from his family or given any interviews since his arrest . The 22-year-old Dutch national was a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway on Aruba . He was arrested twice but released both times for lack of evidence . He has denied involvement and has not been charged in the case , though federal prosecutors in the United States say he tried to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother in exchange for information about the whereabouts of her daughter 's remains . Ospina , a Colombian , faces trial for murder in the contract killing of Peruvian entrepreneur Myriam Fefer , while Smith is accused of killing his Peruvian wife , dismembering her and stuffing her body in a suitcase that was later found by fishermen offshore . Ospina , Smith and van der Sloot were being held in a protective custody wing of the Castro Castro prison , away from other inmates , when the photo was taken last week , Peruvian authorities said . Van der Sloot is the only one of the three who is now being held there , they said . In Session 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Joran van der Sloot poses with fellow inmates in Peru jail photo Prison officials say his jailers face disciplinary action over the photo Van der Sloot was a suspect in the unsolved disappearance of Natalee Holloway He is now charged with killing a woman in his Lima hotel room in May
CNN  -- Filipino boxing star Manny Pacquiao says he wants one final bout as a professional and it looks set to be an eagerly-awaited match-up against Floyd Mayweather Jr. later this year . National hero Pacquiao will enter the Philippine parliament after winning a seat in this week 's elections , but has one more ambition to fulfil in the ring . "  Many fans really want me to fight Floyd Mayweather so I asked my Mama if we can give them one more fight , she said okay , " AFP quoted Pacquiao in an interview with broadcaster ABS-CBN . "  We spoke yesterday and she said just one last fight , Mayweather . " "  Pacman " is rated by Ring magazine as the greatest pound-for-pound fighter on the planet after winning an unprecedented seven world titles at different weight divisions . Mayweather is unbeaten in 41 fights and is a huge draw at the box office , earning the nickname "  Money " in amassing a fortune on his way to nine world titles in five different weight classes . The two were due to fight earlier this year , but negotiations ended acrimoniously with Pacquiao angered by the insistence of the Mayweather camp for Olympic style pre-fight drugs tests . It appeared to remain a major sticking point , along with Pacquiao 's political ambitions and the influence of his mother Dionisia , who reportedly wants her son to retire from the ring . But with leading American promoter Bob Arum pulling the strings , visiting the Philippines to watch Pacquiao campaign for the election , the fight all boxing fans want to see could now be on . The Manila Standard newspaper reported that the Dallas Cowboys Stadium , where Pacquiao had his last fight against Joshua Clottey and the MGM Grand in Las Vegas , where Mayweather was last in action , had both been booked for November 13 .	Manny Pacquiao hints at final professional bout against Floyd Mayweather Jr. . Pacquiao was speaking after winning a seat in the Filipino national parliament Bout against Mayweather would amass huge sums in box office revenue
Washington  CNN  -- Eight weeks after an explosion uncorked a massive oil spill into the Gulf , BP still does not know whether its efforts to stanch the flow will soon succeed , its CEO will testify Thursday . "  We can not guarantee the outcome of these operations , but we are working around the clock with the best experts from government and industry , " Tony Hayward says in prepared testimony to be delivered before the House Committee on Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations . Hayward expresses regret over the disaster . "  The explosion and fire aboard the Deepwater Horizon and the resulting oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico never should have happened -- and I am deeply sorry that they did , " he says in his prepared remarks . "  None of us yet knows why it happened . But whatever the cause , we at BP will do what we can to make certain that an incident like this does not happen again . " Rep. Bart Stupak , D-Michigan , appeared underwhelmed at Hayward 's planned appearance before his committee . CNNMoney.com : BP 's Hayward to strike emotional tone "  Look , he 's a corporate guy , " Stupak said . "  At the end of the day , he 's going to put his best foot forward . It 's not going to ring true with me or the American public . And we 've got a mess on our hands , a disaster , a catastrophic disaster for our environment and those people who lost their lives . He 's just going to say , ` I 'm sorry , it 's not going to happen again . ' It 's not good enough . " Stupak : Lawmakers going to take Hayward 's ` hide off ' But Hayward plans to say more than that . The drilling of two relief wells , "  which we believe represents the ultimate solution to stopping the flow of oil and gas from the well , " has reached depths of 15,226 feet and 9,778 feet , respectively , he says , but they are not expected to be completed until August . "  We have spent nearly $ 1.5 billion so far , and we will not stop until the job is done , " he says . Day 58 : The latest on the oil disaster Though the company has accepted that it is the "  responsible party , " Hayward adds a qualification : "  It is important to understand that this ` responsible party ' designation is distinct from an assessment of legal liability for the actions that led to the spill , " he says . So far , more than 400,000 barrels of oily water mix have been recovered , and the company has paid more than $ 90 million on the more than 56,000 claims that have been submitted , he says . Additionally , about $ 16 million is expected to be paid this week to businesses , he says . In all , 32 walk-in claims offices are open in Alabama , Florida , Louisiana and Mississippi . Nearly 700 people have been assigned the task of handling claims , he says . How the oil-disaster flow estimates have evolved Hayward adds that , though the cause of the disaster remains unclear , his company 's investigation suggests that the accident was caused by the apparent failure of "  a number of processes , systems and equipment . " "  Investigations into the causes of the incident are ongoing , and issues of liability will be sorted out separately when the facts are clear and all the evidence is available . " The transcript of Hayward 's planned remarks was given to reporters hours after he and other BP executives told President Obama that the company will set aside $ 20 billion in an escrow account to compensate oil spill victims . The fund "  will not supersede individuals ' or states ' rights to present claims in court , " Obama said . BP , he asserted , will remain liable for the environmental disaster in the Gulf . BP Chairman Carl-Henric Svanberg said that the board of the oil giant has decided not to pay any further dividends this year . BP also has agreed to create a $ 100 million fund to compensate oil rig workers now unemployed as a result of closure of other deep-water rigs after the April 20 Deepwater Horizon explosion , Obama said . After taking a beating in recent weeks , BP 's stock price closed Wednesday at 31.85 , up 1.43 percent for the day . The Obama administration has tapped attorney Kenneth Feinberg to mediate the claims process . Feinberg played the same role in compensation for the victims of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Anyone dissatisfied with Feinberg 's handling of their claim will be able to appeal to a three-person panel , then to the federal oil spill liability trust fund and then to court , said Carol Browner , the president 's point person on energy and climate change . BP has also paid roughly $ 70 million to the U.S. Coast Guard for cleanup operations , wire transfer receipts showed . Svanberg apologized to the American people for the disaster . He said he hoped the company could earn back the trust of the American people , because "  we care about the small people . " A few hours later , he issued a statement apologizing for the remark . "  I spoke clumsily this afternoon , and for that , I am very sorry , " he said . "  What I was trying to say -- that BP understands how deeply this affects the lives of people who live along the Gulf and depend on it for their livelihood -- will best be conveyed not by any words but by the work we do to put things right for the families and businesses who 've been hurt . Like President Obama , I believe we made some good progress toward that goal today . " BP has been under intense political pressure to ensure that it can cover all costs related to the catastrophic oil spill , the largest in U.S. history and one that Obama described as an "  unprecedented environmental disaster . " iReport : Share your views , solutions on Gulf oil spill BP has been siphoning oil from a containment cap placed atop the ruptured well . The company said Wednesday that it has started collecting oil gushing into the Gulf through a second containment system attached to the ruptured well . The new system is connected directly to the blowout preventer and carries oil up to a second ship , the Q4000 . By the end of July , officials hope to be able to contain as many as 80,000 barrels of oil per day , said Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen . By that time , he predicted , there will be only "  minimal leakage " around the wellhead . On Tuesday , government scientists increased their estimate of oil flowing into the Gulf by 50 percent -- to between 35,000 and 60,000 barrels per day . That translates into 1.5 million gallons to 2.5 million gallons per day . The government 's previous estimate , issued last week , was 20,000 to 40,000 barrels per day . Obama said Wednesday that BP assured him that recovery efforts should capture up to 90 percent of the gushing oil in the coming days and weeks . "  That is still not good enough , " Obama said . "  We will continue to press BP and draw on our best minds and resources to capture the rest of the oil until the company finishes drilling a relief well later in the summer that is expected to stop the leak completely . " The spill dwarfs the 11 million gallons that were dumped into Alaska 's Prince William Sound in 1989 when the tanker Exxon Valdez ran aground , and oil in varying amounts and consistencies has hit the shores of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and Florida .	BP CEO releases testimony to be read to Congress on Thursday No cap on BP 's $ 20 billion compensation fund , Obama says BP chairman says board has decided not to pay any further dividends this year A $ 100 million fund also will be set up to help unemployed oil rig workers
CNN  -- Members of two Islamist militant groups destroyed tombs at a shrine to Muslim saints Tuesday , according to the mayor of Timbuktu , Mali , and other residents . "  The Islamists ordered the people to leave the area before they started smashing the tombs , " Mayor Ousmane Halle said . "  I saw both members of Ansar Dine and MUJAO , another Islamic faction in charge of the city . They were heavily armed and people had no choice but to leave when they started destroying the shrines . " It was the second time in the past two weeks that Ansar Dine , a militant group that seeks to impose strict Sharia law , has attacked the site 's 16 mausoleums , built from mud and wood in the 15th century . Opinion : Timbuktu tomb attack is an attack on our humanity One of the town 's residents said the militants surrounded the ancient Djingareyber mosque area at 7:30 a.m. "  They were shooting in the air to warn people of going near and entering the area , " Allimam Oumar said . The militants think the shrines are idolatrous , he said . The tombs are part of a newly designated UNESCO World Heritage site . Mali was plunged into chaos by a military coup in March that ousted former President Amadou Toumani Toure . Since then , the Tuareg rebels and the Islamists have taken advantage of the uncertainty to attempt to seize control of the northern portion of the nation . Last week , the United Nations called for sanctions against Islamist fighters in northern Mali and warned it is considering a proposal by West Africa states to deploy troops in the troubled country .	Militants in troubled Mali attack religious shrines Timbuktu resident says gunmen fired warning shots in the air The incident was the second in several weeks The tombs are hundreds of years old
The counterfeits included everyday health and beauty items such as ChapStick , Johnson 's Baby Oil , Vaseline and Always sanitary pads . A pair of New York brothers will appear in court Tuesday on charges of running a multimillion-dollar ring that peddled fake products distributed up and down the East Coast , authorities said . Brothers Pardeep Malik , 59 , and Hamant Mullick , 60 , are accused of running an enterprise whose products also turned up in Pennsylvania and Florida , according to the Nassau County District Attorney 's Office . Authorities seized more than $ 2 million worth of products and were looking at bank accounts to determine the size of the enterprise . Law enforcement authorities seized four tractor-trailers filled with knockoff health products from five locations on Long Island on Thursday . A manufacturer described the operation as the biggest known counterfeit enterprise in the United States , while another company called it the only known such manufacturing operation in the country for its products , prosecutors said . Malik and Mullick , both charged with felony trademark counterfeiting , were being held on bond of $ 100,000 each , the district attorney 's office said . The allegation that Malik was involved with his brother 's business are "  outlandish , " said Malik 's attorney , Steve Christiansen . Mullick 's attorney , Michael Brown , did not return calls seeking comment . "  Health and beauty products like lip balms , oils , shampoos and inhalers are highly regulated in order to protect consumers , but these defendants are charged with going around those protections and stealing the brands of major corporations that comply with the law , " District Attorney Kathleen Rice said in the statement . "  These actions can endanger the public . " The fake products included ChapStick , Johnson 's Baby Oil , Vicks VapoRub , Vicks Inhaler , Vaseline and Always sanitary pads ; the producers of the real products include major international brands such as Johnson & Johnson , Pfizer , Procter & Gamble and Unilever , prosecutors said . Other products , including over-the-counter cold medicines and painkillers , also were recovered , officials said . "  We encourage consumers to be cautious about buying branded goods that look suspicious , or from outlets that are unfamiliar , " Chris Vuturo , a spokesman for Procter & Gamble , said in a statement . The case came to light when Valley Stream Fire Department officials in January conducted a building inspection at the site of a fire a year earlier . Nassau County Fire Marshall officials took samples of products they found and sent them to the manufacturers , who verified the counterfeits . Fire department officials said they found manufacturing supplies but no material safety data sheets , which normally accompany these supplies . The brothers are accused of selling the products to distributors who , in turn , delivered them to retailers in New York , Pennsylvania and Florida . An investigation is underway to determine if there are more locations . The prosecutor 's office is trying to determine the chemical makeup of the products and the health risks , if any , associated with them . Authorities gave the following tips to identify fakes : Look for signs such as strange pictures on the package or strange colors or typeface . Some sophisticated knockoffs may be hard to detect , but the price may be atypically low . Counterfeits will not have the same quality or consistency of real products . Shop at established and trusted stores , which are likely to be connected to legitimate supply chains .	Multimillion-dollar counterfeit ring includes items such as ChapStick , Johnson 's Baby Oil A pair of New York brothers are charged with felony trademark counterfeiting Manufacturer describes rings as biggest known counterfeit enterprise in the United States
CNN  -- A Florida man charged with murder in the fatal shooting of a teenager amid an argument over loud music at a gas station pleaded not guilty Monday . Michael Dunn , 45 , entered his plea during a hearing Monday morning at the Duval County , Florida , jail . Dunn told investigators he fired at a car in which Jordan Davis , 17 , and three of his friends were sitting because he felt threatened by them . No guns were found inside the teens ' car , the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office said . The case against Dunn , who has been jailed without bond since the November 26 shooting at the Jacksonville , Florida , gas station , has been compared to the "  stand your ground " case in which George Zimmerman is charged with killing Trayvon Martin . Similar to Martin , Davis was an African-American teen . Dunn , indicted on a first-degree murder charge last Thursday , is no "  vigilante " but did feel threatened and shot out of "  self-defense , " his lawyer said two days after his arrest . "  There are no comparisons to the Trayvon Martin situation , " said Robin Lemonidis , Dunn 's attorney . "  He is devastated and horrified by the death of the teen . " Dunn told authorities that he had asked the teens to turn down the blaring music coming from their vehicle , which was parked next to his as he waited for his girlfriend to return to the car . He heard threats from the teens , Dunn told police , and he felt threatened and thought he saw a gun in their car . He grabbed his gun and fired at least eight shots , authorities said . "  It 's about loud music and it 's also about anger , about having a concealed weapon in your car , knowing you have it and feel bold enough to use it because you 're being shielded in the state of Florida , " Jordan Davis ' father , Ron Davis , told CNN . "  They tell you if you have a concealed weapon , these are some of the things you can do . If you feel you 're threatened in any way , then you are allowed to use your weapon . " Shooting of Florida teen is no Trayvon Martin case , attorney says CNN 's John Branch and InSession 's Aletse Mellado contributed to this report .	Michael Dunn entered his plea during a hearing Monday at the Duval County , Florida , jail Dunn case has been compared to the "  stand your ground " case involving Trayvon Martin 's death "  There are no comparisons to the Trayvon Martin situation , " Dunn 's lawyer says Dunn said he felt threatened by the teens , but no guns were found inside their car
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain is expelling the Libyan ambassador to Madrid and three other Libyan diplomats here , the Spanish Foreign Ministry said in a statement Thursday . "  The government of Spain has decided to put an end to the mission of the ambassador accredited in Madrid by the authorities in Tripoli  Libya  , because the Gadhafi regime has lost all legitimacy due to its continual repression of the Libyan population , " the statement said . The Libyan ambassador to Madrid , Ajeli Abdussalam Ali Breni , "  has 10 days to leave " Spain , the ministry said . The government also is expelling three other diplomats at the Libyan embassy "  who undertook activities incompatible with their diplomatic status , " the statement said . But Spain has not broken diplomatic relations with Libya , said a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified . Spain still has an embassy in Tripoli , although it evacuated its personnel from the city , like many other nations , as fighting between the regime of Moammar Gadhafi and rebels intensified in late March . The Spanish Embassy in Tripoli , staffed only by local Libyan personnel , "  is not closed in a diplomatic sense , " the spokeswoman said . It was not immediately clear , she added , how many Libyan diplomats or local Spanish personnel might remain at the Libyan Embassy in Madrid , after the expulsion of the ambassador and the three other Libyan diplomats . Spanish Foreign Ministry Trinidad Jimenez on June 8 visited the Libyan rebel stronghold of Benghazi , where she declared that Libya 's rebel National Transitional Council was a "  valid interlocutor " and a "  legitimate representative of the aspirations of the Libyan people , " the spokeswoman said . Spain has been participating in United Nations-mandated , NATO-led military operations in Libya . Spain has deployed four F-18 fighter jets and a refueling plane to help enforce a no-fly zone , and a frigate , a submarine and a surveillance plane to help impose an arms embargo against the Gadhafi regime .	Spain is telling the Libyan ambassador to leave Three other diplomats are also being expelled Spain is not breaking off diplomatic relations with Libya
Last week 's massacre at a Colorado movie theater revived the dormant gun control debate in the United States , but neither President Barack Obama nor Republican candidate Mitt Romney is pushing for new laws now to prevent similar attacks . Obama supports reinstating a ban on manufacturing some semi-automatic weapons for civilian use that expired eight years ago , but congressional inaction on the issue has caused the president to instead seek better enforcement of existing laws , his spokesman said Thursday . "  The assault weapons ban is an issue that the president has supported the reinstatement of since its expiration in 2004 , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters . "  But given the stalemate in Congress , our focus is on steps that we can take to make sure criminals and others who should not have those guns , make sure that they can not obtain them . " Colorado hospitals chip in for shooting victims ' care Romney , meanwhile , says no new laws are needed while acknowledging the current ones can not stop someone intent on doing harm from obtaining guns . "  I do n't support new gun laws in our country , " Romney told CNN 's Piers Morgan in an interview Thursday , adding later that "  the effort to continue to look for some law to somehow make violence go away is missing the point . " The real point , he said , is to prevent people who are "  deranged and distressed " from "  carrying out terrible acts , " noting that Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh used fertilizer to make the explosives for the attack that killed 168 people in 1995 . "  With products that can be purchased legally anywhere in the world , he was able to carry out vast mayhem , " Romney said . "  Somehow thinking that laws against the instruments of violence will make violence go away , I think , is misguided . " The gun-control issue is one of the most politically divisive in American politics , especially in a presidential election year . For that reason , both campaigns had generally ignored it , despite mass killings in recent years -- a gunman who killed 32 people at Virginia Tech in 2007 and another who killed six people and wounded 13 others , including Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , last year in Arizona . Making peace with a monster Now the July 20 shooting in Aurora , Colorado , by a lone gunman who killed 12 people and wounded scores of others has brought the debate back to the forefront . Both Obama and Romney immediately condemned the slaughter and expressed sympathy , with Obama traveling to Aurora on Sunday to meet with survivors and families of victims . However , Obama avoided any talk of gun control measures until a speech Wednesday night to the National Urban League in which he expressed support for Second Amendment rights but said more needed to be done to prevent gun violence . "  I also believe that a lot of gun owners would agree that AK-47s belong in the hands of soldiers , not in the hands of criminals , " Obama said . "  That they belong on the battlefield of war , not on the streets of our cities . " His comments followed criticism from New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , liberal filmmaker Michael Moore and others calling for more than commiseration with the survivors . "  Soothing words are nice , but maybe it 's time that the two people who want to be president of the United States stand up and tell us what they are going to do about it , because this is obviously a problem across the country , " said Bloomberg , an independent who supports gun control . Moore -- whose documentary "  Bowling for Columbine " examined the U.S. gun culture in the wake of the 1999 Colorado massacre in which two high school students killed 12 people -- challenged Obama on what his response would be if his own daughters were victims of such an incident . "  If President Obama is watching right now , and I say this with all due respect : What if it were them ? " Moore told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " earlier this week . " ... Would you stand at the microphone the next day and say I feel your pain and ... the existing laws are enough ? Is that really what you 'd say , Mr. President ? I do n't think so . " Some conservatives also called for action , with media mogul Rupert Murdoch tweeting after last week 's shootings that "  we have to do something about gun controls " while Fox host Bill O'Reilly said in a July 23 commentary that Congress should pass laws requiring that sales of heavy weapons be reported to the FBI and imposing mandatory 10-year sentences on any crime committed with a gun . "  That would dent the problem , " O'Reilly said . "  But the truth is criminals will always get guns . Always . " Official : Trap in Colorado suspect 's home had 30 homemade grenades , gasoline Last year , Obama mentioned gun safety only in passing after the Arizona shootings that injured Giffords . Two months later , the president wrote an opinion piece that acknowledged the importance of the Second Amendment and called for focusing on "  effective steps that will actually keep those irresponsible , law-breaking few from getting their hands on a gun in the first place . " His three-step plan included enforcing existing laws , rewarding states that provide the best data about gun owners , and a better system for background checks . Carney outlined a similar response Thursday , saying background checks have been strengthened and calling for a more comprehensive community effort to reduce gun violence . However , Obama supported a tougher platform when he ran for president in 2008 that included reinstituting the assault weapons ban , stopping destruction of background check documents and closing the federal gun show loophole . Gun safety advocates have expressed disappointment with the president 's actions since taking office , particularly over his failure to fight for reinstatement of the assault weapons ban . On Thursday , the Brady Campaign to strengthen gun control called for a national dialogue on solutions to gun violence , such as criminal background checks on all gun purchases . However , the group 's president , Dan Gross , stopped short of calling for stronger steps such as reinstating the assault weapons ban or limiting access to high-powered ammunition . "  What we 're asking for is the voice of the American public to engage in this issue and to hold our leaders accountable , " Gross told reporters . Meanwhile , a group of law enforcement officials who have joined up against gun violation called Thursday for expanded background checks on gun sales via the Internet and weapons shows , as well as a ban on high-capacity ammunition magazines . One reason for political inaction is a public preference for gun ownership , as expressed in opinion polls and advocated by the powerful National Rifle Association . A Pew Research Center poll in April found that 55 % of highly coveted independents feel it is "  more important to protect gun ownership than to control guns , " with 40 % saying controlling gun ownership is more important . The poll also found that 72 % of Republicans feel protecting gun ownership is important , while 27 % of Democrats feel that way . Threats before , after other ` Dark Knight ' showings , authorities said The NRA has labeled Obama an enemy of Second Amendment rights , and so far in the 2012 election cycle , Romney has received $ 126,440 from gun rights groups , compared to Obama 's $ 2,300 . That trend is consistent with the 2008 cycle , when Republican nominee John McCain collected $ 483,711 in such contributions and Obama received $ 25,987 . "  Historically the pro-control side has struggled to come up with a compelling narrative that will help people come over to the case of stricter gun control laws , " said Kristin A. Goss , an associate professor of public policy and political science at Duke University and author of "  Disarmed : The Missing Movement for Gun Control in America . " "  For a long time these gun violence rates and massacres speak for themselves , " Goss said . "  They relied on that to make the case but were up against a very powerful but very well-disciplined and skillful army that was good at taking those arguments apart . " Gross of the Brady Campaign -- named after former White House Press Secretary James Brady , who was shot in the head during the 1981 assassination attempt of President Ronald Reagan -- argued Thursday that the NRA 's influence is not so pervasive . "  Despite the fact that the NRA spent $ 6.67 million against him in 2008 , Obama beat the NRA like a drum , winning 11 of 13 states where the NRA spend significantly on ads , " Gross said . "  Obama also won 17 states with significant numbers of gun owners . " He also noted that Romney supported an assault weapons ban when he was Massachusetts governor . Asked about his stance in Massachusetts , Romney told NBC on Wednesday that the legislation he signed banning assault weapons "  was backed both by the Second Amendment advocates , like myself , and those that wanted to restrict gun rights , because it was a compromise . " Referring to suspect James Holmes in the latest Colorado killings , Romney said : "  A lot of what this young man did was clearly against the law . The fact that it was against the law did not prevent it from happening . " Looking into the minds of killers Gun owners and collectors also reject the contention that tougher controls will solve the problem . "  If everyone legally owned and carried a gun , " argued collector Brad Whiteford of Virginia Beach , Virginia , "  there would be a lot less crime . " Do you own a gun ? Share a photo and tell us why . Opinion : Bloomberg got one thing right on gun control Warning signs of violence : What to do	President Obama , Mitt Romney call for fully enforcing existing gun laws Obama spokesman blames Congress for inability to renew an expired assault weapon ban "  I do n't support new gun laws , " Romney tells CNN Last week 's Colorado shootings reignite the gun control debate
Beijing duck , steamed dumplings or a glass of green tea : these are the culinary offerings most associated with China . But beer ? Believe it or not , China is the beer-chugging capital of the world . The Chinese public gulped down 59.3 billion liters of alcohol in 2012 -- nearly double the amount quaffed in the U.S. Beer accounted for 84 % of that figure , according to market research firm Euromonitor . Yet per capita , Chinese consumption was only about 35 liters annually -- less than half of the United States , according to Bloomberg -- and still has enormous room to grow . That has led to a microbrewery boom in Beijing . "  There 's a whole slew of places that are about to emerge , " said Ryan O'Neal Johnston , owner of Beijing 's The Drive-Thru Bar . "  For anyone interested in anything besides lagers and Tsingtao , it 's on . " Enter Carl Setzer , A 31-year old native of Cleveland , Ohio , who had barely touched alcohol until he was 25 . After college , he landed in Shiyan , Hubei Province where an agency found him work at Dongfeng Motors . Setzer , an IT specialist , walked away from his lucrative career and jumped into the microbrewery business because he saw a niche . "  Never let a market that has a requirement go unsupplied , " said Setzer , who opened Great Leap Brewing in October 2010 . Last year , Great Leap grossed $ 225,000 with China 's low operating costs cutting into only about a quarter of that figure . On a recent Saturday night , the bar 's open air courtyard and small anteroom in Doujiao Hutong were standing room only as a flustered bartender struggled to keep glasses full . "  The greatest accomplishment is that people come here , " said Setzer , who recently opened a second location on Xinzhong Street Expats originally dominated the Beijing microbrewing scene , but that is changing . The clientele has been diversifying rapidly as more Chinese return from stints abroad and with greater levels of disposable income , according to microbrewers . The growing appeal to locals , however , may have more to do with the product itself . Great Leap infuses traditional Chinese ingredients with time-honored brewing techniques . Drinks like the "  Iron Buddha , " blended with hints of Tieguanyin tea or the "  Cinnamon Rock Ale " incorporating Chinese "  large bark cinnamon . " The "  Honey Ma Gold , " Great Leaps most popular , is infused with the mouth-numbing essence of the Sichuan Peppercorn  huajiao  . All sell for between 30 and 50 RMB  $ 4.89 -- $ 8.15  a glass . Success has bred competition . Chandler Jurinka opened Slowboat brewery in February 2012 with distribution to various expat friendly hotels , restaurants and bars , and followed up with the Slowboat Taproom in Dongsibatiao Hutong in December . "  I 've always been someone who recognized and valued quality , " said Jurinka , a former U.S. Army Sergeant from Washington D.C. Jurinka , 46 , first came to China in 1994 as a student at the University of Nanjing and after an 11-year hiatus bounced around the Chinese start-up world before settling into his latest venture with Slowboat . Offering a more traditional selection of homebrews , Slowboat 's popular brands are The Captain 's Pale Ale , Jack Tar Scottish Ale and Imperial Vanilla Stout . Jurinka , too , is looking to capitalize on soaring Chinese demand . But Slowboat uses mostly imported ingredients , catering to the popular belief that foreign food products are superior to domestic . Microbrews in Beijing are more than just keeping glasses full . Great Leap and Slowboat are both based deep within traditional Beijing residential "  hutong " neighborhoods and have paid particular attention to adapting their presence seamlessly to locals . "  Strangers in hutongs are never welcome , " said Setzer . Great Leap maintains a strict midnight closing and even earlier hours in summer and during university exams , while Slowboat made their space  almost  completely soundproof . Both men too have married into Chinese families and are currently raising their own . Community relations is just one of the unique challenges that both face as small business owners in Beijing . Laws and regulations are often ambiguous and Setzer admitted that "  you have to make use of personal connections " to get things done . For Slowboat , the biggest challenge came in the form of intellectual property . "  If you 're not being copied then you 're not relevant , " said Jurinka , who said he required "  constant and rapid innovation " to stay ahead of the curve . Jurinka estimated that eight to 10 new microbreweries were about to emerge . "  Sometimes they come in here and they are taking pictures of the tiles on the wall . " At the recent 2013 Beijinger Magazine Reader Bar and Club awards , it was a banner night for Great Leap which swept several categories including "  Bar of the Year , " "  Best Local Craft Brewing " and "  Personality of the Year , " for the famously cantankerous Setzer . Not to be outdone , Slowboat received the "  Best New Bar " award . Jurinka , though , said he is focused on the big picture . "  Slowboat is not in competition with any other local brewery , " he said . "  There are 20 million people in this city and the more local Beijing breweries , the greater the likelihood that there will be a craft beer revolution in Beijing . "	China is the beer-chugging capital of the world , drinking twice as much as the U.S. Per capita consumption of beer is still half that of Americans , showing room for growth A growing number of foreign-run microbreweries have launched in Beijing Biggest challenge is intellectual property : "  If you 're not being copied then you 're not relevant "
Editor 's note : Roland S. Martin , a CNN political analyst , is a nationally syndicated columnist and author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith , " and the forthcoming book , "  The First : President Barack Obama 's Road to the White House . " He is a commentator for TV One Cable Network and host of a one-hour Sunday morning news show . As a columnist , I 'm used to writing things that offend other folks . It comes with the job . And there are times when I have responded to what other folks in the media will say and write . Again , it 's just what we do . There have been a number of things I 've read and heard over the past few months , but one that has totally ticked me off is the recent column by ESPN 's Rick Reilly in the March 22 issue of ESPN The Magazine . Reilly uses his column to personally attack Greg Wise , the boys head basketball coach at Jack Yates High School in Houston , Texas . In the despicable piece , Reilly tries to link Wise with a fight in the parking lot after Yates destroyed archrival Booker T. Washington . Apparently shots were fired , and in Reilly 's world , it 's all tied to Yates beating them 132-68 . So I wonder if Reilly blames Gary Williams for Maryland upsetting No. 4 ranked Duke , this leading to fans going bonkers -- some say riot -- and 28 people getting arrested . I 've seen folks fight after one-point losses ; that 's just what happens when dumb folks talk trash in the parking lot . They either duke it out with fists , or these days , pull out a gun to make their point . Reilly then has the gall to say that the school district in Houston needs to intervene to "  stop " Wise , even suggesting that Yates Principal Ronald Mumphery should "  grow a pair . " So what do you propose Rick ? Tell him not to blow other teams out ? So the next time we see a 59-0 or 77-0 score in football , are we to scold the coach and tell him he will be suspended if his teams keeps scoring points ? Should Bob Stoops have been put on administrative leave when his Sooners destroyed my Aggies 77-0 ? In fact , last year Oklahoma beat my Aggies 65-10 . Hey , Rick , was n't 45 , 50 , 60 or even 70 enough for Stoops ? Why 77 points ? The Reillys of the world will remark that , "  Oh , these are poor high school students . Their self-esteem will be hurt by this . " Bullcrap , Rick . Yes , Yates has blown teams out by 50 , 60 and even 100 points . When you 're good , it happens . Let me be clear : I 'm not objective on this issue . I graduated from Yates in 1987 , where I attended the Magnet School of Communications . I watched Yates in 1985 win the football state championship by going undefeated and blowing out teams every week . That team set a state record for most points and set about another 20 records . They were just as dominating in football as this year 's basketball team . What wimps like Reilly object to is Wise teaching his team to press , press and press . Yates used this strategy to win the Class 4A state championship last year , and this weekend will try to win another title . They play all 15 guys and rotate them in and out . They wear the opposing team out , forcing them to commit turnover after turnover . On the side of their championship rings is the slogan , "  32 minutes of hell . " It 's similar to what Nolan Richardson 's Arkansas teams were nicknamed , "  40 minutes of hell . ' Guys like Reilly love to jump on the poor souls campaign . But I learned a long time ago that when you put on your uniform and lace 'em up , you stand a chance of getting your butt kicked . That 's all a part of the game . What guys like Reilly also do n't understand is that their words matter . And by writing such a horrible piece about Wise , he is creating an impression in folks ' mind nationally about Wise , and that can hurt him down the road . Right now I 'm reading Rus Bradburd 's book , "  Forty Minutes of Hell : The Extraordinary Life of Nolan Richardson . " It tells the story of the famed Arkansas coach and the battles he had to fight to reach the top of the college basketball world . Bradburd tells the story of a number of black basketball coaches who never got a shot at the major jobs because of their race . He writes about how coaches like Richardson were denigrated for the frantic style of play , and assumed it was all about talent and not about coaching . But he also told an interesting story of how so many talented coaches at historically black colleges never got a shot at major Division 1-A coaching jobs because of their won-loss record . They were forced to take guaranteed money games against more talented teams , so when it was time for the NCAA tournament , the teams had poor records , and that did n't reflect well on the coach . Bottom line : The record of the coach played a role in getting their next job . And sportswriters , as Bradburd writes , tend to shape the views of the public based on what they write , and that can be damaging to anyone 's career . Folks , for any college looking to revive their basketball team -- Richardson took a dormant Tulsa team and won the NIT title and led them to the NCAA -- Greg Wise would be a great hire . His team finished 34-1 last year , and this year they are 32-0 , and with two games left , can claim back-to-back titles . Are you telling me that a coach who is 66-1 in two years should be , as Reilly wrote , "  dipped in seal butter and dropped into a polar bear 's cage ? " No ! He should be celebrated for being successful . The game is about winning , right ? Not only that , Yates has a great group of kids  I 've met most of them  . They study , are polite , do n't get into trouble and are all-around good kids . At the end of the day , they are damn good and folks like Reilly just do n't like it . By the way : Reilly , who ESPN pays a ton of dough , wrote this about Wise : "  He tried to break the record for most 100-point games in a row  and failed  . " Rick , you are dead wrong . This past weekend , Yates scored 100 points for the 14th consecutive game , tying the national record set by Hobbs of New Mexico team in 1969-70 .  On Thursday night , they scored 106 points to set the new national record . A simple fact check would have discovered that . It 's no surprise Reilly was entirely wrong about Yates ' Greg Wise . He could not even get this basic fact right . Rick , use some of that fat ESPN money , stop reading what others write about Yates , and take a simple trip down to Houston to see this mighty Jack Yates team in person . You might learn a thing or two about a team that is full of class and the pride of Third Ward . I 'm proud of these young men , and even more proud of their coach , who is a role model to them . Is n't that what we want our coaches to be ? The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin 's old high school has nation 's best basketball team Rick Reilly of ESPN wrote a column blasting coach for running up the score Roland Martin says there 's nothing wrong with the way team plays
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- It 's been more than three weeks since Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished . The search for the plane continues , even though authorities have said no one aboard survived . Still , some families are hoping against hope as they continue to wait -- stuck in a sort of purgatory . "  At this point , we feel we are still waiting , " said Mohammad Sahril Shaari . His cousin , Mohammad Razahan Zamani was on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 with his new wife , Norli Akmar Hamid . They were headed to Beijing for their honeymoon . They , along with 237 other people aboard , never arrived . "  If he is no more , we will accept it , " Mohammad said , at the same time demanding more evidence of what exactly happened . "  We do n't know for sure if  the plane  is in the Indian Ocean . We want to see that plane . Even if he 's gone , we want his body -- and this is the wish of all families , " Mohammad said . ' I just feel so helpless ' The trip to Beijing was to be his cousin 's first out of the country . He 'd saved for a year to make it happen . "  He was so excited to go , he was already on the plane . It was just a matter of reaching his destination . I just feel so helpless , " Mohammad said . Flight 370 vanished March 8 while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing . Authorities are searching the Indian Ocean for the missing plane but have so far found nothing , leaving families with unanswered questions . Some have criticized the response and accused Malaysian officials of giving them confusing , conflicting information . On Monday , dozens of Chinese relatives visited a Kuala Lumpur temple . They chanted , lit candles and meditated . Of the 239 people aboard the flight , 154 were Chinese . "  Chinese are kindhearted people , " said Jiang Hui , the families ' designated representative . "  But we can clearly distinguish between the good and evil . We will never forgive for covering the truth from us and the criminal who delayed the rescue mission . " Jiang asked Malaysia to apologize for announcing March 24 that the plane had crashed , despite the lack of any "  direct evidence . " But Mohammad said that he thought authorities were doing the best they could . "  I am satisfied with the ongoing investigation . There are 26 countries involved in this , and I am so thankful to all of them , especially the government of Malaysia , " he said . "  I am confident they will find it , but if they do n't , I leave it to Allah , maybe this is his wish , " Mohammad said . ` This is not the end of things ' He described his cousin as a cheerful guy , someone who liked to joke around and was well-liked by his family . He recalled their childhood together , playing , cycling and having fun . "  We feel his absence . It is a great loss to us , " Mohammad said . "  We look happy on the outside , but only God knows what is inside me . " On March 24 , Malaysia Airlines and Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said that the plane went into the southern Indian Ocean and that there were no survivors . Nothing related to the flight has been found -- no wreckage , no bodies , nothing . That has deepened pain for some . James Wood , the brother of American passenger Philip Wood , spoke to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " when Malaysian authorities made their announcement that the plane had gone down . He has been unable to say goodbye to his brother without being able to see something that demonstrates without a doubt that Philip died . "  I ca n't , I ca n't ... " he said . Yet he also said there is comfort in knowing he is not alone . "  We 're all human , and we all hurt . We all struggle through things . So I 'm not the first one to go through something like this , and I 'm certainly not going to be the last one , " Wood said . "  I do n't like being trite when I say my faith is getting me through this , " he continued . "  It sounds kind of cliche to say it . It 's a hope that we have that this is not the end of all things . " Flight attendant 's husband has no answers for children Mystery of missing flight surfaces pain of 1977 tragedy CNN 's Sara Sidner reported this story from Kuala Lumpur . Dana Ford reported and wrote this report from Atlanta .	"  Even if he 's gone , we want his body , " says groom 's cousin The 239 people aboard the jetliner are presumed dead Flight 370 vanished while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing
CNN  -- Imagine searching the country of Belgium for three pieces of metal , the largest about the size of half a tennis court -- a moving tennis court . That 's the reality for searchers in the south Indian Ocean as they look for two objects , a satellite find that Australian officials call the strongest lead in the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 and its 239 passengers . A third object was spotted by a Chinese satellite on March 18 and made public Saturday . The objects are drifting in one of the most inaccessible places on Earth , giving search planes only about two hours before they have to return to Australia . Ships from several countries are assisting in the search , but have n't turned up anything . And conditions are n't helping . Massive waves , high winds and currents could push the three objects farther east and farther apart , according to a NASA simulation . Below the water 's surface lies an even murkier search climate with the sea floor 9,000 feet down and deeper than most submarines can go . A mid-ocean ridge in the area has peaks and valleys like the Rocky Mountains . That could meet pinpointing the site of possible wreckage harder still . The latest questions and answers Listening for fading pings	Three debris pieces are spotted in an area the size of Belgium Search area in south Indian Ocean is one of the least accessible places on Earth Currents , waves and wind cause debris to drift Ocean floor is deeper than most submarines can go
"  I 'd never been near a race track in my life , " explains Divina Galica , a former Olympic skier who belongs to an exclusive band of Formula One drivers . There are only five members -- and they are all female . "  For many years I lived near Thruxton  a race track in southern England  and could hear the cars going round , but I never had any interest in going over there . " Galica was captain of the British women 's ski team and competed at three Winter Olympics from 1964 to 1972 , but it was not until she hung up her poles that her story took a remarkable twist . Just under a month shy of her 32nd birthday , she became only the third woman to enter an F1 race at the 1976 British Grand Prix , completing an incredible career change . "  When I stopped ski racing I started a shop in London selling ski wear , " Galica told CNN . "  It was a complete change of pace to me and I got a little restless . "  One day the telephone rang and a gentleman asked me if I 'd like to go in for a celebrity race for sports people . I came second in the race and a lot of people were surprised that in my first race I had come second . "  John Webb  formerly in charge of the UK 's Brands Hatch circuit  invited me to race against the women drivers who were racing and again I came second . That sort of started my career . " It was a career which propelled Galica into the male-dominated world of F1 , where only five women have entered a grand prix in its 61-year history and only two have successfully qualified for a race . "  I think I was quite well known because a lot of publicity followed me around and most people seemed to think I was qualified to race at that level , " said Galica , who entered two further grands prix with the Hesketh team at the start of the 1978 season . "  The downside was the car I was driving , not the team because they were top notch -- they had run  1976 world champion  James Hunt . But the car was old and not particularly competitive . " The first woman to test herself against the men was Italy 's Maria Teresa de Filippis , who made history at the 1958 Monaco Grand Prix -- a race which also saw the sport 's future supremo Bernie Ecclestone make his bow . De Filippis failed to qualify in Monte Carlo , but a month later in Belgium , in a race with no cut-off time for qualification , she started in last position on the grid . In a contest which saw nine of the 19-strong field retire , De Filippis guided her Maserati around the Spa track but finished right at the back . Her compatriot Lella Lombardi is the most successful female driver so far . In a three-year spell , Lombardi entered 17 grands prix for March , RAM and Williams , competing in 12 races . She became the first and only woman to score in the elite division of motorsport , when a fifth-place finish at the 1975 Spanish Grand Prix while racing for March earned her half a point instead of the usual one because the race distance was shortened . Hot on the heels of Lombardi was Galica , who , inspired by her Italian forerunners , entered the sport in 1976 . "  Like everything , motorsport was male-dominated for many years but there were many , many women who raced ... Lella Lombardi was extremely good , " the 67-year-old said . "  She was extremely strong as well , she had a good car and she did very well in it . So there have been good women drivers in Formula One . " Galica believes strength is essential if women are to deal with the physical rigors of a grand prix and the media attention which comes with their unique status . "  To drive in my day you had to be fit , " she said . "  Luckily I came off a skiing career and I was massively fit , I was built like a tank . Nowadays , I 've seen a lot of women drivers who are extremely good , but as they move up the formula , they 're not quite strong enough . "  Often they make some mistakes because they get fatigued . Of course , men get tired in those cars too , it 's not just women . "  Especially the modern F1 car , it creates enormous G-force , and the tracks nowadays do n't have many straights so you 're always turning and there is a lot of work to do . " Constantly dealing with the world 's media is also difficult , according to Galica . "  It 's tiring enough to drive an F1 car , but when you get out and are pounced on by thousands of journalists from all over the world you really get pretty exhausted . I think that 's something that women do n't understand , " she said . "  You 're not just driving the car and getting out of it and disappearing into your motor home , you actually are then at the mercy of the world 's press . " South Africa 's Desire Wilson was the next woman to enter a race in 1980 , and it has been almost 20 years since Giovanna Amati drove for Brabham in 1992 , but recently there have been reports claiming that Renault will sign Maria de Villota as the team 's third driver . The Spaniard has previously raced in the World Touring Car championship and tested for Renault earlier this year . Galica said the 31-year-old must ready for the physical challenge if she is to drive in F1 . "  My concern for her is not that she would be an ambassador , which she would be , and I 'm sure she would do a wonderful job , " Galica said of De Villota . "  But when she actually gets in the car I 'm wondering if she 'll be fit enough . "  I would be in the gym most of this winter trying to lift heavy weights and get my neck muscles going and just make sure I 'm strong enough . I do n't know her , but I think that would be my advice . "	Britain 's Divina Galica is one of only five women to have entered an F1 grand prix Prior to moving into motorsport , Galica was a Winter Olympic skier Galica made her F1 bow at the 1976 British GP , but never qualified for a race Italy 's Lella Lombardi is the only one woman to have scored a Formula One point
The President 's healthcare sign-up web page was supposed to handle tens of thousands of people at once . But in a trial run days before its launch , just a few hundred users flatlined the site . Despite the problems , federal health officials pushed aside the crash cart and rolled out HealthCare.gov on October 1 as planned , The Washington Post reported . The result ? The website crashed shortly after midnight as a couple thousand people tried to start the process , two people familiar with the project told the Post . The report is the latest criticism of the problem-plagued site -- criticism so acute that even President Barack Obama said there was " no sugarcoating " the difficulties Americans have faced trying to sign up for insurance coverage . Webmaster in Chief "  Nobody 's madder than me about the website not working as well as it should , which means it 's going to get fixed , " Obama said during an appearance Monday at the White House Rose Garden . But he did n't specify exactly what went wrong or who was to blame for the problems , which include long waits to log onto the federally administered website and maddeningly long wait times once online . There 's "  no excuse for the problems , " Obama said . But he said tech industry experts were being brought in to help workers trying to fix the site . Call it more fuel for the fire as the GOP continues its quest to defund the new health care system , popularly known as Obamacare . The Energy and Commerce Committee in the Republican-controlled House wants some answers . Website and administrative contractors CGI , Serco and Equifax are set to testify Thursday on their roles in the technical fiasco . Website 's $ 300 million price tag The GOP has Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius in its crosshairs , calling for her resignation . She has a date with the committee on October 30 . Sebelius announced Tuesday that Jeff Zients , a former private sector CEO who also has headed the White House Office Management and Budget , is part of the "  tech surge " coming to help her department deal with the enrollment problems . Other experts include "  veterans of top Silicon Valley companies , " Sebelius wrote in a blog post on the department website . The goal was a "  cross-functional team ... working aggressively to diagnose parts of HealthCare.gov that are experiencing problems , learn from successful states , prioritize issues , and fix them , " the blog post said . Sebelius also said the contractors hired to create Healthcare.gov , including lead company CGI , were providing additional people and unspecified "  commitments " for the project "  within the provisions of their existing contract . " White House spokesman Jay Carney defended the program on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live , " saying that while HealthCare.gov is struggling , the administration 's health care reform "  is not failing . " People who are able to submit applications through whatever means are happy with the results , he said . "  Health insurance provides security that a lot of these families have n't had in the past , " Carney said . Looking at the bottom line Democratic strategist and pollster Cornell Belcher agrees , telling CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that people need to look at the bottom line . "  Millions upon millions of American families who work every day who ca n't afford healthcare and who are one sickness away from bankruptcy will now have an opportunity to get healthcare , " he said . "  That is the value . " GOP strategist Kevin Madden sees if differently , blaming it on "  Big Government . " "  All Americans believed that we need healthcare reform . Where Republicans and Democrats differed on was the way we went about it , " he said on "  AC360 . " "  I think that the way Democrats went about it , which is one big federal government-centric plan is obviously not working . It 's hurting many folks . " A Washington Post/ABC News poll released Monday showed that 56 % of respondents consider the website difficulties a harbinger of broader problems with the Affordable Care Act , a constant target of conservative critics who consider it the epitome of big government overreach . Have you had trouble signing up ? Let us know The law ` working just fine ' In the Rose Garden Monday , Obama said "  the essence of the law " -- aimed at providing access to health insurance for the roughly 48 million Americans without it -- "  is working just fine . " "  In some cases , actually , it 's exceeding expectations . The prices are lower than expected , and the choice is greater than we expected , " he said . "  But the problem has been that the website that 's supposed to make it easy to apply for and purchase the insurance is not working the way it should for everybody , " he continued . "  There 's no sugarcoating it . The website has been too slow . People are getting stuck during the application process . " HealthCare.gov : What works , what does n't Other Republicans kept up their attacks on the health care reforms on Monday , with the office of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell tweeting that when a visit to the Obamacare website made a trip to the Department of Motor Vehicles seem pleasant , "  it 's time for the President to consider delaying this rushed effort . " Through the pipeline Obama administration officials have highlighted the fact that nearly 500,000 people have filled out applications for Obamacare , though the number who purchased coverage remains unknown . Initial difficulties have started to ease for logging on to the website for the new exchanges , some of which are run by states and others by the federal government . Logging in tough for some early registrants The administration is still not releasing the numbers on how many people have taken the next step of enrolling : choosing a specific health care plan . The administration has said it will do that monthly , so the first tally of enrollment numbers will come in November . The Congressional Budget Office has said it expects 7 million people to enroll by April 1 . Although March 31 is the deadline for people to get health insurance or face a fine , officials warn that failure to sign up by February 15 could be a problem because of the time needed for the coverage to take effect . Carney told reporters on Monday afternoon that lingering problems in signing people up could result in relief , noting that the law makes clear that "  if you do not have access to affordable health insurance , you will not have to pay a penalty for not having affordable health insurance . " Hope for a smoother ride on HealthCare.gov A ConsumerReports.org article last week offered tips for people trying to sign up , but had the following advice for those overwhelmed by the difficulties : "  If all this is too much for you to absorb , follow our previous advice : Stay away from HealthCare.gov for at least another month if you can . Hopefully that will be long enough for its software vendors to clean up the mess they 've made . " But in a statement issued Monday night , the group said its criticism of the website does n't mean it now opposes the Affordable Care Act . Critics of Obamacare are misrepresenting the nonprofit organization 's position , Consumer Reports said . 5 things that have happened since Obamacare launched	Top White House official part of "  tech surge " on Obamacare Obamacare "  is not failing " despite website woes , White House spokesman says Obama says HealthCare.gov problems are "  going to get fixed " Secretary Sebelius expected to testify at a congressional hearing next week
CNN  -- On Thursday , in response to widespread criticism , President Obama announced that the administration was delaying enforcement of the Affordable Care Act 's insurance market reforms as necessary in order to allow insurers to renew coverage that does not comply with those reforms for individuals and small groups who have been covered in 2013 . This change was the President 's response to a challenge that he had broken his promise , "  If you like your health care plan , you can keep your health plan . " But this promise has been seriously misunderstood . The promise of the Affordable Care Act was never that if at some point in the future you found a health care plan you liked , you could keep it forever . Rather , it was : "  Nothing in this Act ... shall be construed to require that an individual terminate coverage ... in which such individual was enrolled on the date of enactment of this Act . " This promise has been kept . The Affordable Care Act did , however , offer other assurances that are at risk of not being met . One was that people with pre-existing medical conditions who have been unable to purchase health insurance at an affordable price , or even perhaps to purchase it at all , would , as of January 1 , 2014 , be able to find affordable insurance that would meet their medical needs . To fulfill this , health insurers were told that if they sold qualified health plans at affordable premiums without considering health status , they would get a sustainable mix of healthy and unhealthy enrollees . But now , Congress is considering allowing health insurance policies that we being sold in 2013 to be sold throughout 2014 , even though they violate the 2014 reforms . The good news is that the Obama administration 's fix does not go that far , only allowing the renewal of 2013 policies for 2014 , and not the sale of new policies that do n't comply with the law . But even allowing the sale or renewal of 2013 policies in 2014 is a problem . Insurers have already set their rates for the exchanges based on the promise that they would be getting healthy and as well as unhealthy enrollees . If some healthy individuals instead opt for bargain-basement 2013 policies , insurers are unlikely to get premiums that will cover their costs in the exchanges . Some insurers -- current market leaders -- may be able to survive for a year doing this . But new entrants , including the new cooperative plans backed by federal loans , may not survive . Insurers that lose money will be bailed out to some degree by the taxpayers through the law 's premium stabilization programs . But insurers will substantially raise their premiums for 2015 to protect themselves in case this happens again . The promise of affordable coverage for people with medical problems is therefore at risk . It was clear from the beginning that there would be winners and losers under the Affordable Care Act . If insurance is going to be affordable for people who have heretofore been closed out of the insurance market , and if it is going to cover services that have not been covered before -- like equal coverage for mental health services -- it will cost more than it has in the past for those who have been blessed with good health and low premiums . Is this fair ? That 's debatable . Perhaps it would be more fair for the public generally to bear the cost of insuring those with high medical costs , as we do with Medicare . But let us be clear . Individuals who are paying more for coverage in 2014 than they did in 2013 are not doing so because a promise was broken . On the other hand , turning the exchanges into a high risk pool , and expecting insurers to cover exchange enrollees with premiums based on projections of a normal health insurance market , would break the real promise of the Affordable Care Act : That health insurance would be affordable to all Americans , regardless of whether they were healthy or sick . The Obama administration 's fix tries to steer a middle path . Whether it can clear the short-term hurdles to achieve its long-term goal remains to be seen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Jost .	President Obama , in response to widespread criticism , offered a fix to Obamacare Timothy Jost : Allowing the sale or renewal of 2013 policies in 2014 is a problem He says real promise of Obamacare is affordable health insurance for all Jost : We 'll have to see if the fix can clear the hurdles to achieve Obamacare 's long term goal
The bright yellow ribbons are tied tightly to the metal bars of the main gate at Danwon High School . Nearby , they are attached to trees and posts . Altogether , there are thousands of them . More than 300 students from the school were on a field trip on the Sewol , the ferry that sank last week off the coast of South Korea . Most of them are dead or missing . The ribbons symbolize solidarity with the missing teenagers ' families and hopes that some of the students -- who went to school in Ansan , a city near Seoul -- might still be found alive . The approach borrows from a practice that became popular in the United States during the Iranian hostage crisis that began in 1979 . The tradition was used again in the United States during the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . In South Korea , the ribbons have also spread into the realm of social media . Many people have posted an image evoking them as their profile photos on services like Facebook and Naver . The image is a bold yellow square with a black border . In the center sits a simple design of a bow in black with a line of Korean written underneath . "  One small step , big miracle , " it reads . Celebrities join in The online movement was started Saturday by a local student club , according to The Korea Herald , an English-language newspaper in South Korea . The group wanted "  to support the families of the missing and offer a hopeful message to the Korean public that the missing passengers could still be found alive , " the newspaper reported . Other variations of the yellow ribbon image have also begun to circulate on popular social media sites . And Korean celebrities have helped spread the word . The K-pop star G-Dragon posted an image of a yellow ribbon on his Twitter feed , and the actress Park Shin-hye changed her profile picture to a ribbon picture with the popular hashtag #prayforsouthkorea written underneath . Ribbons spread Clusters of real ribbons have also reportedly sprung up in other cities , such as Seoul and Chuncheon . Some of the ribbons have messages and tributes written on them . FC Seoul , a top local soccer team , will don the ribbons for a Saturday game against the Jeonnam Dragons , according to local media . The hopes the ribbons symbolize are fading fast . Rescuers saved 174 people on April 16 , the day the ship sank , but no other survivors have been found since . Divers say they have found no air pockets that could have kept people alive inside the submerged vessel . Raising donations The ribbons are also being used as a rallying point to raise money for the families who are grieving or still anxiously waiting for news of their loved ones . National soccer player Park Chu-young , Olympic figure skater Yuna Kim and LA Dodgers pitcher Hyun-jin Ryu each donated 100 million won  roughly $ 100,000  , according to Wow TV , a local broadcaster . Naver , a popular Web search portal , has a yellow ribbon page allowing users to leave messages and make donations to a fund organized by the National Disaster Relief Association . The ribbon campaign "  evolved organically in the social media sphere and is the term people seem to be using in reference to all different kinds of efforts being made on behalf of the victims and families of the disaster , " said Chung Seo-yoon , a representative from the association , which was founded in 1961 by media groups . The organization is aiming to raise 500 million won . So far , tens of thousands of people have donated , raising nearly 350 million won . Evolving symbol In the United States , yellow ribbons were widely used to demonstrate a desire for the return of American hostages held in Tehran between 1979 and 1981 . Before that , they had been associated with convicts returning from prison . According to the American Folklife Center at the Library of Congress , the yellow ribbon practice originated in a modern folk legend , which was turned into a popular song , "  Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Ole Oak Tree , " which was in turn transformed "  into a ritual enactment . " Since the Iranian hostage crisis , it has reportedly been picked up in other countries , for a variety of movements and causes . In its 1991 article , the American Folklife Center noted the ribbon 's ability to take on new meanings : "  Ultimately , the thing that makes the yellow ribbon a genuinely traditional symbol is ... its capacity to take on new meanings , to fit new needs and , in a word , to evolve . "	Yellow ribbons are tied to the gates of a school hit by the sinking A local student group started using them to support families and spread hope Celebrities have begun circulating the image ; donation pages have been set up Yellow ribbons have been widely used in the United States since the Iranian hostage crisis
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Monday declined to get involved in a dispute over a public high school 's efforts to hold its student graduation ceremonies in a church . The justices , without comment , rejected the appeal from the Elmbrook School District outside Milwaukee , which had said its campus gymnasium was not large enough to accommodate those seeking to attend . They had contracted with a local "  megachurch " to hold the events there , for what officials termed "  secular convenience . " Several students and their families had sued , saying that the rented venue "  coerces " religious activity and that all Christian symbols and imagery should have been removed to make it fit for public , secular events . Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas wrote separately to say they wanted the court to decide the matter . They said a lower federal court ruling favoring the students was "  decided incorrectly . " The case is Elmbrook School District v. Doe  12-755  .	To accommodate attendees , a Wisconsin school wanted to have its graduation in a church A lawsuit from students and families said the venue coerced religious activity Justices Scalia , Thomas wrote separately to say they wanted the court to decide the matter
CNN  -- A man grabbed French President Nicolas Sarkozy by his shoulder and pulled him up against a barricade Thursday before being tackled by security officers . The incident came as Sarkozy visited the town of Brax in southwest France . Television footage showed the man being wrestled to the ground by four bodyguards . The suspect , who is 32 and works at a local music school , was taken into custody and questioned by police who were already present for security reasons , a police spokesman said . He is now being held at Agen police station , the spokesman added . Sarkozy appeared to have been seized by the shoulder of his jacket as he shook hands with members of the public lined up behind a metal security barrier in the town , near Agen . The president was due to attend a meeting of local mayors during his visit to the Lot-et-Garonne region , according to local media reports . Earlier , he was to tour a local factory . France sets date for presidential elections Sarkozy , who was elected president in 2007 , is expected to seek re-election next year .	NEW : The suspect is a 32-year-old local man , French police say He has been questioned and is being held in police custody , police say President Nicolas Sarkozy was grabbed by his shoulder as he met members of the public TV footage showed security officers wrestling a man to the ground
CNN  -- While millions of Americans were at home celebrating Thanksgiving Day , Lindsey Vonn was out on the slopes early doing what she loves most . The champion skier raised hopes she will soon be fit to return to action after testing her re-injured knee Thursday at her home piste in Vail , Colorado . "  First day back on snow since my crash and it was awesome ! " Vonn wrote on her Facebook page . "  I 'm very thankful for many things this year  family , loved ones , great fans  but at this moment I 'm happy to be on the mountain doing what I love -- skiing !! Happy thanksgiving everyone ! " Vonn , who revealed that the resort staff opened the lifts early for her , has yet to make a World Cup appearance this season . She decided to skip the opening events in Austria and Finland , while last week 's training crash has ruled her out of this weekend 's three races at Beaver Creek , Colorado . The 29-year-old is recovering from new damage to the knee ligament that required major surgery after an accident on the opening day of the world championships in February . However , U.S. ski team women 's head physician Bill Sterett said Vonn 's first session since her tumble nine days ago went fine and there were "  no issues . " Next February Vonn is hoping to defend her downhill title at the Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , while she is also just four race wins away from a new World Cup record . The next opportunity for Vonn -- who made her relationship with golf star Tiger Woods public in March -- is likely to be at the Canadian resort Lake Louise next weekend .	Lindsey Vonn returns to the ski slopes for the first time since her crash nine days ago American says her Thanksgiving Day test run at Vail was "  awesome " She will miss the three World Cup races at Beaver Creek starting Friday Vonn is battling to be fit to defend her downhill title at Winter Olympics
CNN  The police chief in an upscale community outside Atlanta said he was sleeping when he moved a gun in the bed and accidentally shot his wife in the back , according to a 911 tape released Friday . "  Who shot her ? " the 911 operator asked William McCollom , the police chief in Peachtree City , Georgia . "  Me , " McCollom replied . "  How did you shoot her ? " "  The gun was in the bed , I went to move it , put it to the side , and it went off , " McCollom said . "  Is she awake ? " "  No , everybody was sleeping , " McCollom said . "  No , is she awake now ? " "  Yes , " he said . Later in the call , the operator asked McCollom , "  Were you asleep also when this happened ? " "  Yes , " he said . Wife in critical condition Margaret McCollom , 58 , was listed in critical condition Friday at Atlanta Medical Center , according to the hospital . William McCollom , 57 , has not been charged with a crime , but he has been put on administrative leave while the shooting is investigated by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation . McCollom started out the 911 call by describing the problem : "  Gunshot wound , accidental , need medical ASAP . " He made the call to 911 about 4 a.m. Thursday . He did n't mention he was the top law enforcement officer in the town of 35,000 people until the 1:50 mark in the six-minute recording . The 911 operator asked where the gun was located . At first McCollom said he did n't know , then said , "  I 'm the chief of police . The gun is on the dresser . " "  You 're the chief of police in Peachtree City ? " the operator asked . "  Yeah , unfortunately , yes , " McCollom said . ` Come on , guys , get here ' In a statement released Friday , the GBI said : "  Chief McCollom has been cooperating with GBI agents working the investigation . Ms. McCollom will be interviewed when her medical condition improves . When the GBI completes the investigation , it will be turned over to Fayette County District Attorney Scott Ballard . " At one point in the recording , the operator asked , "  Is that her crying ? " A woman 's moans can be heard in the background . "  Yes , she 's having trouble breathing , " McCollom said . At another point , McCollom addresses his wife , "  Are you having trouble breathing , dear ? " "  Come on , guys , get here , " he says while waiting for the police and ambulance . "  Oh my god , how did this happen ? " When the police arrive , McCollom can be heard telling them the gun is on the dresser . The 911 operator ended the call . Authorities are n't revealing many details , but said in a Thursday press conference that McCollom shot his wife with his service Glock 9mm . McCollom told the 911 operator he had shot his wife twice , but the GBI said investigators determined she 'd only been shot once . Peachtree City known for golf carts McCollom was named the police chief in October after being interim chief for three months , reported CNN affiliate WSB . Peachtree City posted this statement on the city website : "  City Manager Jim Pennington said , ` This morning , I met with every department manager , and the city of Peachtree City , including the Peachtree City Police Department , is continuing with normal operations . ' Peachtree City Mayor Vanessa Fleisch said , ` Our thoughts and prayers are with Maggie and the McCollom family right now , as we wait for the state investigation to proceed . ' " Magazines and websites regularly rank Peachtree City as one of the best places to live and raise a family . The community 's trademark : Residents putter around in golf carts on the community 's 90-plus miles of paved pathways .	911 tape : "  The gun was in the bed , I went to move it , put it to the side , and it went off " Wife of Peachtree City , Georgia , police chief in critical condition No charges filed while case is being investigated
CNN  Beyonce 's army of fans call themselves the BeyHive , and at any perceived insult to Queen Bey , they swarm . Photos posted on the fan site The Beyonce World led fans Wednesday to sting the website for representing her in a less than "  flawless " light . The pics appear to show unretouched , close-ups of the singer 's face complete with the blemishes of a mortal human . Web sleuths have put two and two together to speculate that the images were taken for a 2013 makeup ad campaign . Beyonce is a spokesmodel for L'Oreal . After outcry from fans , The Beyonce World pulled the photos and posted a statement : "  Due to the disdain of the BeyHive , we have removed the photos . We do n't want to cause any drama , nor do we wish to start fan wars . Some of the things we have seen posted were just horrible , and we do n't want any parts of it . We were just posting the photos to share the fact that our queen is naturally beautiful , at the same time she is just a regular woman . " Defamer and Complex grabbed the images before they were removed from the site , and the web is abuzz with reaction . A message to Beyonce 's representative was not immediately answered . Cindy Crawford lingerie image stirs debate over what ` real women ' look like	What appear to be unretouched photos of Beyonce are posted online Fans objected to the singer being shown with facial flaws
CNN  -- As Mayor Michael Bloomberg vowed would happen , the New York City Law Department has filed an appeal after a New York judge scrapped the city 's controversial ban on big containers of soda . "  Consistent with our desire to get a quick appellate review , the city filed its brief with the appeals court this week , " said Fay Ng , senior counsel for the department 's appeals division , in a written statement . "  The sugary drinks proposal is an important part of the mayor 's health initiative . " The Board of Health regulation would limit the size of drinking cups for sugary beverages to a maximum of 16 ounces at city food service establishments . The regulation was adopted in September to help lower obesity rates , but a state Supreme Court judge overturned it as "  arbitrary and capricious . " Dozens of community groups and minority organizations signed on to friend-of-the-court , or amicus , briefs in support of the appeal , said Bloomberg , Deputy Mayor for Health and Human Services Linda I. Gibbs and Health Commissioner Thomas A. Farley , in a news release . Sugary drinks linked to 180,000 deaths worldwide "  The organizations and individuals who have joined these amicus briefs understand the toll that obesity is taking on communities here in New York City and across the nation , " Bloomberg said . "  Sugary drinks are a leading contributor to the obesity epidemic that is hitting low-income communities especially hard , and we can not afford to pretend otherwise . Our plan to limit the portion size of sugary drinks is a sensible step that has won increasing levels of support from the public health community . " The city says that obesity-related illness kills more than 5,000 New Yorkers each year . "  The health consequences of obesity are dire , leading to diabetes , cancer and loss of life , " Gibbs said . "  The real fear that today 's youth may be the first generation to live shorter lives than their parents is a call to action . " One of the friend-of-the-court briefs , which were to be filed Friday , focuses on evidence showing a correlation between sugary drink consumption and obesity and chronic diseases , along with their disproportionate impact on underserved communities , the news release said . Some 20 % of New York City public school children are obese and another 20 % are overweight , according to the city . Latino children are twice as likely as white children to be obese  23.5 % vs. 12.3 %  . "  It 's time to say enough !    basta !  and put community and children 's health first , " said Dr. Jane L. Delgado , president and CEO of the National Alliance for Hispanic Health . ` Anti-Bloomberg ' bill stops overregulation The limitations on cup size have provoked ridicule from some people . "  I think this is what makes liberals look like elitist bullies who think they know everything and can tell people what to do , " Bill Maher said on his HBO show "  Real Time . " "  You should n't have to clear what you eat with the municipal government . " An executive with the National Restaurant Association -- which represents 500,000 restaurant businesses across the country -- called the city 's efforts at change "  heavy-handed " and was effervescent over Bloomberg 's most recent loss in court . "  We very much questioned the efficacy of putting a dent in obesity by restricting the cup size in restaurants in New York City that sold sugar-sweetened beverages , " said Scott DeFife , the association 's executive vice president for policy and governmental affairs , in an interview this month . "  We do n't think that micromanaging food service packaging is the way to end obesity in New York City . " Bloomberg 's attempt to limit the size of sodas inspired Mississippi -- whose 34.9 % obesity rate is the nation 's highest -- to pass an "  anti-Bloomberg " law . "  It simply is not the role of the government to micro-regulate citizens ' dietary decisions , " Gov. Phil Bryant wrote this month . But Bloomberg has been undeterred . " ` Saturday Night Live ' could n't write this stuff , " he said recently about Mississippi 's move . "  We have a worldwide , nationwide problem on obesity . This year , more people will die from overeating than from starvation -- first time in the history of the world . " "  How can somebody try to pass a law that deliberately says we ca n't improve the lives of our citizens ? " he asked . "  It 's farce . " Arguments are scheduled for June . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report	The mayor 's bill would cap soda cup size at 16 ounces in food-service establishments "  Sugary drinks are a leading contributor to the obesity epidemic , " Bloomberg says The proposal falls flat with the National Restaurant Association
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Johannesburg does n't have the stunning beauty of Cape Town or the seaside like Durban , but the energy in South Africa 's largest city makes it an exciting place to be , says CNN South Africa correspondent and Johannesburg native Robyn Curnow . And in June , excitement will peak as "  Jozi " welcomes soccer fans from all over the globe for 2010 FIFA World Cup matches . Curnow grew up , went to school and started her broadcasting career in Johannesburg . After working in Australia and London over the past 15 years , Curnow is happy to be home . "  CNN posted me back here three years ago , so it 's wonderful to be a foreign correspondent reporting from my own backyard , " she said . CNN.com asked Curnow for tips on her favorite Johannesburg spots . Where can you get the best view of the city ? The bar at the Westcliff Hotel has a wonderful view over the treetops of the Northern suburbs , the Johannesburg skyline and , on a clear evening , the blue rim of the Magaliesberg Mountains . Which restaurant would you take a loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? Wombles , in Parktown North , for delicious meat  Springbok carpaccio , anyone ?  , fruity South African wines and attentive service in a charming old house with a huge "  stoep , " or verandah . Where is the best place for people watching ? Shop or have a coffee in one of the piazzas in Melrose Arch , an open-air mall off Corlett Drive , if you want to ogle wealthy , sophisticated South Africans and their expensive cars . What is your favorite neighborhood ? Parkhurst -- 4th Avenue overflows with pavement cafes , charming antique shops , a pub , coffee shops , two excellent bookshops and even a cupcake shop . How do tourists stick out and what 's the best way to blend in ? Besides the obvious mistakes -- wearing a money belt and having a camera around your neck -- do n't wear shorts , T-shirt and flipflops in June during the World Cup . Remember it 's winter in the Southern Hemisphere . What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? That it is a dangerous , scary place . I grew up in ` Jozi ' -- it 's bustling , green , friendly and , yes , has a slightly manic energy , which is understandable considering Johannesburg is the economic hub of Sub-Saharan Africa . Where do you go to relax ? I go two hours north -- to the bushveld . The Waterberg , a UNESCO biosphere reserve , is malaria-free , has affordable safari lodges and plenty of wild African game . What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? The Apartheid Museum is spectacular . A sobering but uplifting experience . Is there a "  tourist trap " that 's actually worth seeing ? Gold Reef City is like Euro Disney -- expensive and cheesy . However , it gives you a good sense of what Johannesburg was like as a gold mining town over 100 years ago , and you get a chance to go down a mine , which is fun . Where was your most memorable meal ? The "  egg basket " breakfasts at Nice restaurant on 4th Avenue in Parkhurst are legendary . I go there at least once a week . The ` egg basket ' is a perfect combination of poached eggs , crispy bacon , grilled Roma tomatoes and a bit of chili in a piece of folded toast . Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out on the town ? With two small children , I ca n't remember when I last went out at night ! I hear 7th Street in Melville still rocks . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? For the nondrinkers , Appletiser is a refreshing South African fizzy drink . For those who want a tipple , South African wines are excellent and well-priced , so experiment with all the different grapes and blends . As for food , there is always "  boerewors " for those who want a real taste of South Africa . This is a spicy sausage best cooked on the "  braai "  barbeque What is a good local souvenir ? A wire sculpture crafted by Zimbabwean immigrants , who sell their wares on the sidewalks .	CNN correspondent Robyn Curnow shares tips about her hometown of Johannesburg It 's a misconception that "  it is a dangerous , scary place , " Curnow says Try spicy sausages , or "  boerewors , " for a real taste of South Africa
The beheading of British aid worker David Haines by ISIS has intensified fears for other Western hostages being held by the jihadist group . Haines ' grisly execution follows those of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff in recent weeks -- all of them shown in videos posted online . ISIS militants have killed thousands of Syrians and Iraqis in their violent onslaught aimed at building an Islamic caliphate across a wide area of territory . But the beheading of Western captives carries greater shock value beyond the region -- and works as a powerful propaganda tool for a group that has drawn members from Western Europe and North America . "  ISIS looks at this as a low cost strategy , " said Peter Neumann , professor of security studies at King 's College London . "  They are seeing that in order to capture the world 's attention and recruit people , they no longer need to take down the World Trade Towers or hit the Pentagon . " As the United States builds an international coalition to take on the Sunni extremist group in both Iraq and Syria , uncertainty remains about exactly how many more Western hostages the militants have in their possession . What is the world going to do about ISIS ? Has ISIS identified any of its other Western captives ? In the video of Haines ' killing , the black-clad ISIS executioner places his hand on another hostage , whom he identifies as Alan Henning , a British citizen . The implied threat is clear . Sotloff appeared in the same way in the video of Foley 's beheading . Haines appeared similarly in the video of Sotloff 's death . On Sunday , Henning 's family distributed an image of him holding a child at a refugee camp on the Syria-Turkey border . The family asked media to use this image rather than the one of Henning in an orange jumpsuit kneeling beside his captor . Are any other Americans being held ? ISIS is believed to be holding a number of Americans , a U.S. official told CNN in August after Foley 's execution . The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , declined to identify them or say exactly how many Americans are being held . CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen reports that ISIS is understood to be holding at least two other American citizens , as well as hostages from additional Western countries . Two Italian women were reported in August to be among the militant group 's newest captives . A Dane and a Japanese national were said to be seized along with the two Italians . It 's hard to know how many captives there are because governments , employers and families tend to keep kidnappings quiet for fear of putting the victims in greater danger while negotiators work to secure their release . Have the identities of any missing Americans been made public ? The family of one missing U.S. journalist , Austin Tice , has talked to the media about his case . But it 's not clear which group in Syria 's brutal civil war might be holding him . Tice , a freelance journalist who was contributing articles to The Washington Post and other news outlets , disappeared in Syria in August 2012 . A shaky video uploaded to YouTube in October 2012 showed Tice blindfolded and in obvious distress . It was unclear who the people holding him were . The U.S. State Department said at the time that it believed Tice was in the custody of the Syrian government -- but the regime of President Bashar al-Assad has n't admitted detaining him . Tice 's parents spoke last week to CBS This Morning about their concerns for their 33-year-old son . "  I do not accept that he is missing , I live in a place where he is coming home , " said Debra Tice , his mother . She described hearing the news of the killings of Foley and Sotloff as "  a gut punch . " What about other journalists ? The Committee to Protect Journalists estimates that about 20 journalists are missing in Syria -- most of them local , some from outside Syria . It says many of them are believed to be held by ISIS . Altogether , more than 80 journalists have been abducted in Syria since the country 's civil war started , according to the CPJ . Some have been freed , others killed . Often a media blackout on journalists ' abductions is lifted generally in best - and worst-case scenarios . Which Westerners have been released in Syria ? American journalist Peter Theo Curtis was handed over to U.N. peacekeepers in August by al-Nusra Front , a Syrian rebel group with al Qaeda ties , after almost two years in captivity . Qatari officials helped secure his release , his family said . Two Spanish journalists -- Javier Espinosa and Ricardo Garcia Vilanova -- were freed in March . At the time of their capture , their newspaper said the journalists ' captors were reported to be members of a group linked to ISIS . Four French journalists -- Nicolas Henin , Pierre Torres , Didier Francois and Edouard Elias -- were released in April . And a Danish photographer , Daniel Rye Ottosen , was freed in June , the Danish Foreign Ministry said . Why are some hostages freed and others killed ? A multitude of factors are at work , including who the captors are and where the captives come from . Different Western governments take different approaches to kidnappings . Britain and the United States are known to take hard line , refusing to negotiate with terrorists or pay ransoms . But some European governments are believed to have handed over cash to terrorist groups to ensure the release of their citizens . An investigation by The New York Times found that al Qaeda and its affiliates have netted at least $ 125 million in ransoms since 2008 , with much of the revenue reportedly coming from France -- although the French government denied paying money to terrorists . What about getting the hostages out by force ? The United States and other countries attempted hostage rescues , but these have achieved mixed results . In 2012 , Navy SEALs saved U.S. aid worker Jessica Buchanan and fellow aid worker Poul Thisted of Denmark after three months ' captivity in Somalia . But the attempts can also go badly wrong . Linda Norgrove , a kidnapped British aid worker , was accidentally killed by a U.S. grenade during a SEAL rescue effort in Afghanistan in 2010 . U.S. special operations forces went into Syria in July to try to retrieve Foley and other ISIS captives . But the mission failed after the commandos were unable to find the hostages . The British government said earlier this month an attempt was made to rescue Haines "  some time ago " but was unsuccessful . It declined to provide details on what happened . Who is doing what in the coalition battle against ISIS ?	ISIS is believed to be have at least two more U.S. captives It is also holding hostages from other Western countries The latest beheading video identified a British citizen It 's not known who 's holding U.S. journalist Austin Tice , who disappeared in 2012
CNN  What does one buy a woman who 's worth an estimated $ 500 million and reportedly owns a sixth of the planet 's land surface ? Tip -- make it something equine related . Given her well-known love of horses , it 's perhaps fitting -- some might say unimaginative -- that the majority of gifts presented to Queen Elizabeth II from world leaders last year revolved her favorite four-legged animals . Dog lovers look away now -- Her Majesty 's iconic pet corgis did n't even get a look in . Included in the 2014 list of gifts was a mounted sculpture of a white horse from France 's President Francois Hollande ; a bronze sculpture of a horse 's head from the Emir of Qatar ; and another bronze statuette of the famous Irish thoroughbred , Arkle from the President of Ireland , Michael Higgins , along with a book of the same name . A dressage crop from the governor general of Canada , David Johnston , and a boot scraper from Felsted School in the east of England can also be put to good use at Her Majesty 's stud farm on the royal Sandringham Estate . Among the more peculiar gifts given to the Queen was a miniature seven-inch throne from the "  Game of Thrones " TV series , during a visit to Northern Ireland in June . However , it 's far from the most outlandish present bestowed upon the monarch . During her 62-year-long reign , the Queen has received a jaguar from Brazil , two giant turtles from the Seychelles , an elephant from Cameroon , and several horses -- most notably a beloved black mare called "  Burmese " from the Royal Canadian Mounted Police . Indeed , the Queen rode "  Burmese " at the traditional Trooping the Color parade for 18 consecutive years , and in 2005 unveiled a bronze statue of herself atop the horse outside the Saskatchewan Legislative Building in Canada . But what happens to the many gifts Her Majesty receives throughout the year that are n't to her taste ? Live animals are donated to London Zoo , perishable items such as food and flowers are given to local hospices , and all other presents which do n't go on display in the royal residencies are stored at the Royal Archive at Windsor Castle , a Clarence House spokesperson told CNN . Some items are even loaned to galleries , such as a Maori canoe given by the New Zealand government which is now on display at the British Museum . When it comes to royal presents , the Queen 's great-grandson Prince George recorded the largest haul in 2014 . During a tour of Australia and New Zealand with his parents , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , the toddler received a surfboard , skateboard , possum skin cloak , and more soft toys than other children would get in a lifetime of Christmases . Fittingly , the previous year Prince George also received a teddy wearing the same silk jacket as those worn by the Queen 's jockeys , from promotional group Great British Racing . Will the young prince also inherit a love of horse racing passed down through the centuries ? Indeed , legend has it Queen Victoria became so excited while watching a race at Ascot one time , that she broke the window of the Royal Box in a rush to see the finish . Queen Elizabeth II was more contained than her great great grandmother -- though still visibly delighted -- when her own horse "  Estimate " won Britain 's prestigious Gold Cup race in 2013 . So what would one buy for the horse racing-mad monarch , that has n't been bought before ? "  The ultimate gift would be a ` nomination ' to Galileo or Frankel , the two most expensive stallions in the world , " said Nick Attenborough from Great British Racing , of the chance to mate a mare with some of the most prized stallions on the planet . "  A mare mating with Frankel , including a live foal guarantee , would cost someone # 125,000  $ 187,000  . " At that price , it 's a gift fit for a Queen . Feature : Queen 's horseman tames ... zebra ? Culture : Driftwood transformed into equine art	List of gifts received by royal family in 2014 released Queen given mostly ` horsey ' presents from world leaders Last year 's quirky gifts included a miniature "  Game of Thrones " throne Prince George takes home surfboard , possum skin cloak from Antipodean trip
Entebbe , Uganda -- A Ugandan court has sent a Muslim couple to jail on charges of insulting the Christian religion by allegedly having sex in a church in Entebbe . The prosecution alleges that Abbasi Kigongo and Aisha Namazzi were found having sex near the altar of Kigungu Miracle Centre Church in Uganda 's capital on May 14 . The charge sheet says that "  the duo willfully decided to have sex in the church with intentions of insulting a religion . That is unlawful . " The charge sheet was obtained from the Entebbe magistrate 's office Tuesday . The pair is scheduled to reappear in court June 22 . The prosecution alleges that a churchgoer near the scene heard strange loud noises in the church , investigated the situation , and found the couple having sex . An official at the magistrate 's office said if found guilty , the couple could be subject to the Ugandan penal code , which says that "  insulting a religion attracts a maximum sentence of two years imprisonment . "	Muslim couple charged with insulting Christian religion by having sex near altar Prosecution says churchgoer heard strange noises and found the couple Charge carries maximum penalty of two years in jail
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama toasted a growing U.S. friendship with India at the first state dinner of his administration Tuesday , an evening of regal pageantry and symbolic politics in a tent on the White House South Lawn . "  To the future that beckons all of us , " Obama said with glass raised toward his guest of honor , visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . "  Let us answer its call . And let our two great nations realize all the triumphs and achievements that await us . " A tradition dating back to 1874 , state dinners are the most treasured and formal honor a U.S. president can offer a foreign dignitary , and the most coveted invitation in Washington . The Tuesday night dinner showed Obama 's intention to signal strong ties with the world 's largest democracy and go his own way in navigating the pomp and tradition of White House customs . Traditionally , a new administration 's first invitation goes to the leader of neighboring Canada or Mexico , though recent presidents also have n't followed that precedent . The event planned by first lady Michelle Obama emphasized eco-friendly themes such as White House-grown herbs and lettuce served to guests and sustainably harvested magnolia branches -- from species native to both India and the United States -- in arrangements adorning the tent where more than 300 guests wearing tuxedos and gowns were wined , dined and entertained . A White House document said common themes of state and official visits are "  forging friendships , exchanging knowledge and building bridges that last for years . " In a toast that followed Obama 's , Singh praised his host 's leadership and prompted applause by citing the charm of the U.S. first lady . Obama 's election was "  an inspiration to all those who cherish the values of diversity , democracy and equal opportunity , " Singh said , adding that India "  warmly applauded " the Nobel Peace Prize awarded Obama this year for "  the healing touch you have provided and the power of your idealism and your vision . " "  We need to find new pathways of international cooperation that respond more effectively to the grave challenges caused by the growing interdependence of nations , " Singh said . "  As two leading democracies , India and the United States must play a leading role in building a shared destiny for all humankind . " Obama , in a black tuxedo , and the first lady , in a dazzling cream gown with silver accents , greeted Singh and his wife , Gursharan Kaur , as they arrived , shaking hands on the White House steps and posing for pictures before leading their guests inside . Guests in tuxedos and evening gowns streamed into the White House for the historic social event , passing a line of journalists . In one humorous mishap , the cummerbund of Sen. Bob Casey , a Pennsylvania Democrat , fell off as he and his wife walked in . The guest list included political allies , a few opponents , celebrities and members of the Indian diplomatic community . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made the list , but not her husband , former President Bill Clinton . Democratic colleagues of the president including other Cabinet ministers , several senators and top aides made the list , including Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts  but not his wife , Teresa Heinz Kerry  , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs and White House Budget Director Peter Orszag . Ticker : See the list of expected attendees A couple of Republicans also made it , notably Indiana Sen. Richard Lugar and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal . Celebrities included Hollywood director Steven Spielberg , actors Alfre Woodard and Blair Underwood , CBS News anchor Katie Couric and New York Times columnist Tom Friedman . However , one name rumored to be included , but not appearing on the list , was Oprah Winfrey . The dinner , in a tent set up on the White House South Lawn with a view of the Washington Monument , featured round tables for 10 set in resplendent colors -- apple green , ruby , gold -- with floral arrangements of roses , hydrangeas and sweet peas in plum , purple and fuchsia . Place settings in fine china from three previous administrations -- Eisenhower , Clinton and George W. Bush -- were flanked by five pieces of silverware and crystal glasses . Place cards were in script -- "  The President " and "  Mrs. Obama " read two . A seasonal menu reflecting both American and Indian flavors started with a potato and eggplant salad made with White House-grown arugula and accompanied by an onion seed vinaigrette , according to the White House . Red lentil soup with fresh cheese followed , and then a choice of entrees -- roasted potato dumplings with tomato chutney , chick peas and okra for vegetarians , or green curry prawns , caramelized salsify and smoked collard greens . Dessert was pumpkin pie tart and pear tatin with whipped cream and caramel sauce . Each course was paired with a different wine , all of American vintage . The herbs and lettuces were harvested from the White House Kitchen Garden started by Michelle Obama , with honey from the White House beehive used to poach the dessert pears . Entertainment was by jazz vocalist Kurt Elling , Grammy and Academy Award-winner Jennifer Hudson , the National Symphony Orchestra directed by award-winning composer Marvin Hamlisch , Academy Award-winning Indian musician and composer A.R. Rahman , and The President 's Own United States Marine Band . "  It 's not every day you get to sing at the White House or even get invited to the White House , " said Hudson , who said she would dress in a purple and black gown "  with the longest train I 've ever worn " and sing standards including "  The Very Thought of You , " "  What a Difference a Day Makes " and "  Somewhere . " Veterans of state dinners said the planning for such a trend-setting event is meticulous . "  It 's stressful , it 's very stressful , " said Lisa Caputo , a press secretary for Hillary Clinton when she was first lady . "  What is the first lady going to wear ? What will be served ? How are the flower arrangements being done ? There 's a lot of protocol in terms of the serving line . " Every unit in the White House weighs in on the dinner 's guest list , Caputo said , with a lot of thought going into who sits where . "  There 's particular protocol in terms of who is seated at the president 's table and the prime minister 's table , " Caputo said . "  But do n't forget that an enormous amount of thought goes into that with the White House social office and the president and first lady in terms of who will round out the appropriate table , who will get along with who , what will be the dynamics of each table . "  Yes , of course it 's social , but , of course , there 's business done , " Caputo said . The final list is ultimately decided by the president and the first lady , said Anita McBride , who was chief of staff for first lady Laura Bush . "  Of course , having friends and supporters is really important to share that kind of event , and it 's also important for all the other guests that are there and the Indian members of the delegation to meet these people that are a cross-section of America , " McBride said . Amy Zantzinger , who was a social secretary for President George W. Bush , said all state dinners are different , and an administration 's first one is a big one . "  First they 'll bring the newness -- the newness of the whole day because it 's their first big dinner , " she said . What makes a successful dinner ? It 's what you do n't plan , Zantzinger said . During a Reagan state dinner , Princess Diana and actor John Travolta took to the dance floor . "  What made it so special was that it was so absolutely spontaneous , " she said . "  You had one of the most beautiful women in the world and one of the best dancers in the world come together in this incredible place , and I think the spontaneity of it and the combination of the two of them was perfection . " CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux , Samantha Hayes , Kiran Chetry , Ed Hornick , Becky Brittain and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama toasts India prime minister , urges greater cooperation between two countries Tuesday 's event is the first state dinner of Obama administration State dinners are deemed one of the most treasured and formal honors Menu includes greens from White House garden , honey from White House bees
CNN  -- It is midday and Geoff Lawton is hard at work at Zaytuna Farms in New South Wales , Australia . But the real work , he says , is going on inside the center of the compost . Geoff Lawton says that permaculture "  revs up " systems of soil creation . "  There 's lots of things breeding in there , " Lawton says . Compost may not seem a sexy subject , but within this steaming pile , life is being created . "  There 's organisms breathing and dying and reproducing very quickly , " he says . "  It 's all very hot and steamy . " That rich soil lays the groundwork for Lawton 's revolutionary method of food production . It 's called permaculture . Lawton 's friend and mentor , Bill Mollison , developed the process back in the 1970s . Since then he and Lawton have traveled the globe preaching the value of permaculture and its aim to create harmony between the landscape and the people who live on it . "  Nature exists in an incredibly rich form , and enriching form and does so without any energy inputs from mankind , " Lawton explains . "  Permaculture does the same thing . " "  We 've taken the systems of soil creation and soil life and we 've revved them up . We 've speeded up nature itself and we 've improved the system . " Watch Geoff Lawton at work " So what does it take to improve the system ? Lawton says it 's about rehabilitating areas that have been damaged by pollution or overuse by recycling nutrients and energy back into the soils . Permaculture also takes all the things we need -- our housing , energy sources , food and water supplies -- and tailors them to fit into the natural rhythms of the ecosystem . The idea is to work with , not against , nature . Lawton says that during the first few weeks and months you do n't see the real benefits , but after a year to 18 months you really start to see the difference . "  Within two or three years you can see a system that is really something that 's got great opportunities and possibilities , " he said . The gardens at Zaytuna Farms bear fruit and vegetables of all that hard work . The real measure though is n't how it works , but where . Lawton claims this permaculture method can work anywhere in the world , including the desert . "  Almost all the deserts on earth at one point were forested , " he said . "  They all have different types of oasis systems . What you 're doing is picking different points in the desert and turning them into a rich oasis . " On a DVD created by the Permaculture Research Institute of Australia , Lawton shows us what happened when he took this method to places like Morocco and Jordan -- just 80 kilometers from the Dead Sea . "  People were amazed to see an area that was salty , sandy ground , turn into a lush green forest , that had mushrooms growing from the soil , " Lawton said . The ability to "  green " the desert is not only having an impact on the communities where these gardens are grown . Interest is also sprouting among young people . Dozens come to Zaytuna Farms every year to learn about the permaculture method . "  I 've only been doing it a year and once you hit upon the principles it 's basically observations , " said intern Jonathan Chan . "  You have to look at the land and which way the wind is blowing and see where the sun angles are and design around that and it does seem quite simple . " For Chan it 's as much about cultivating a new way of life as it is about cultivating the land . "  I think people are getting to the point where they have to make change and permaculture is a good direction to go , " he said . Still , permaculture is n't without its critics . They argue the method is time-consuming in the early stages and that makes the system hard to get off the ground in many places . It can be made even more difficult if the people living around the site are n't familiar with the process . But Lawton argues the time and energy expended in a permaculture garden is offset by the quality of the experience , and the richness of the end result . "  A good organic farmer works a thousand hours a year . The industrial mankind works two thousand to three thousand hours a year . What do we have to show for it ? Gadgets . "  We do n't have community , we do n't have clean water , clean air or sensible housing . As negative as we currently are , we can be equally positive , " Lawton said . "  It 's not just self-reliance or self-sufficiency , it 's absolute abundance . "	Geoff Lawton is using renewable natural resources to enrich ecosystems Permaculture can turn the most arid , nutrient-free soil into thriving habitats Lawton 's friend and mentor , Bill Mollison developed the technique in the 1970s Lawton has turned deserts in Jordan and Morocco into rich oases
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Famed for keeping people slim , healthy and living longer , the Mediterranean diet has followers all over the world . Cultural treat ? Moves are underway to get the Mediterranean diet on UNESCO 's world heritage list . However , the diet is being increasingly shunned by people who live in the Med as the convenience of fast food gains popularity . The renowned low-fat , high-fiber diet has "  decayed into a moribund state " in its traditional regions , according to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization  FAO  . So sharp is the decline that governments from the region are scrambling to protect their traditional fare from becoming an "  endangered " species . Populations surrounding the Mediterranean Sea , such as Greece , Spain and Italy , tend to eat these foods , and governments there have joined forces to apply for their diet to be placed on the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization 's  UNESCO  Heritage list . Those lobbying for UNESCO protection have argued that its inclusion would " fend off the watered-down clones assailing its integrity worldwide in this age of killer fast food . " The UNESCO list is famous for including historic and cultural sites but in recent years the UN body has opened its register to include " intangible heritage , " such as endangered languages or vanishing traditions . "  The Mediterranean diet is a heritage that should be protected and shared , " Paolo de Castro , a former Italian Agriculture minister , said earlier this year . "  Science has long recognized the unusual health properties of the diet , which has strengthened and accompanied the common cultural identity of Mediterranean countries , " he said , according to Italian news agency ANSA . "  The diet is an integral part of the historical and cultural identity of the Mediterranean , and an opportunity for growth for the countries in the area . " Originally considered the diet of the poor , who did n't have much money to buy meat , the "  Mediterranean diet " is rich in fruits , vegetables , nuts , cereals , whole grains , fish and olive oil . Numerous studies have associated it with long life-spans and low rates of cancer , heart disease and other ailments . See a comparison of the old and new diets in Mediterranean countries " However , some fear that it has become supplanted by supermarket ready-made foods and fast food as people have become more cash-rich and time-poor . "  The European diet has become too fat , too salty and too sweet , " senior FAO economist Josef Schmidhuber concluded in the group 's report on the European Union diet . The FAO 's 2008 report ranks Spain as the country with the biggest leap in fat consumption in Europe -- from 25 percent of the diet 40 years ago to 40 percent now . EU and Mediterranean countries with the worst dietary changes are Greece , Italy , Spain , Portugal , Cyprus and Malta , where calorie intake has increased by 30 percent in the last few decades . Three-quarters of the population of Greece is overweight or obese , while in Spain and Italy the number is more than 50 percent . In the U.S. , 66 percent of the population fits into this category . Alarmed by the growing health problems associated with obesity , Spain 's Health Ministry has launched a series of initiatives to combat obesity . In 2007 , it ordered fast-food chain Burger King to remove ads for its Big King XXL , which contains 1,000 calories , and which were aimed at teenagers and young people . A 2001 report by Foodservice Intelligence , a London-based market research firm , found that traditional-style restaurants in Italy and Spain were outnumbered two-to-one by their fast-food counterparts . UNESCO will decide whether to include the Mediterranean diet in its Heritage list late next year . Until then , Spain and other countries in the region undoubtedly will hope they can retain their reputation as a rewarding destination for the gourmet traveler .	Mediterranean diet has declined into a "  moribund state " according to the U.N. Fat consumption has increased markedly in Mediterranean countries Italy , Spain , Greece and Morocco want Med diet to gain UNESCO status
CNN  -- A week before 9-year-old Michaela Garecht was kidnapped in Hayward , California , in 1988 , she wrote a poem about people who had been abducted , her mother said Tuesday . Cases of missing girls Ilene Misheloff , left , and Michaela Garecht now linked to Garrido investigation . "  She sat down at the coffee table and wrote a poem about people behind the doors of steel , an amazing poem for a 9-year-old , ... and a week later she was kidnapped , " Michaela 's mother , Sharon Murch , said . "  It seems to me ... like it must be some sort of a prophesy or premonition , and I keep hearing the words that she said -- ` It 's about people who were kidnapped and are being held captive , not people who were kidnapped and were killed . ' " Her comments came as authorities looked into whether Michaela 's abduction and other unsolved kidnappings in the region are in any way related to Phillip Garrido , who was arrested last week for the kidnapping and rape of an 11-year-old girl just three years after Michaela was taken . That girl , Jaycee Lee Dugard -- now 29 -- was found alive last week , living in a tent and shelter compound in Garrido 's back yard in Antioch , California -- 30 miles from where Michaela was kidnapped . The discovery raised Murch 's hopes that her daughter might also be safe . "  My husband told me  about Dugard 's discovery  at 5 in the morning . He woke me up and told me he had heard it on the news , " Murch said . Watch how case raises mother 's hopes " "  And I leaped up yelling , ` Oh , my God . I was , of course , joyful for Jaycee herself , but my first thought was ` please God , let Michaela be with her . ' " Murch said she feels there is a "  strong possibility " that the two cases are linked . A bone fragment found near Garrido 's home was being analyzed to determine whether it is was human and whether it connects Garrido to any other crimes , authorities said . The bone fragment was found on a neighbor 's property in an area that Garrido had access to , they said . Watch how bone fragment may offer clues " Murch said police have approached her in the past five days to ask what Michaela was wearing on the day of her abduction . "  They apparently found a lot of stuff there , " she said , referring to the Garrido property search . Police in several other San Francisco Bay Area agencies are also investigating possible ties between Garrido and other missing persons ' cases . In Dublin , about 25 miles east of Oakland , police were looking into whether Garrido was connected to the 1989 disappearance of Ilene Misheloff . She was 13 when abducted , investigators said . Antioch -- where Garrido is accused of holding Dugard -- is about 40 miles east of Oakland and about 165 miles southwest of Dugard 's hometown , South Lake Tahoe . Contra Costa County sheriff 's Lt. Steve Simpkins said police in Antioch and neighboring Pittsburg were searching Garrido 's property "  for evidence relating to open cases . " Murch says the kidnappings of her daughter and that of Dugard have several similarities . "  The method of kidnapping was the same . They were both dragged into cars . The description of the cars was very similar . The girls looked very much like each other . There have been points in the past where the investigations have crossed with the same suspects , and Jaycee was found very close to home here . " Hayward Police Lt. Chris Orrey said both girls were abducted in daylight , and a sketch of a suspect resembled Garrido , she said . Orrey said there were differences as well , though she would not elaborate . But she confirmed that Hayward police had been in contact with Michaela 's family and witnesses since Dugard was found alive . Murch said a neighbor who witnessed her daughter 's kidnapping called her on the phone when she saw Garrido on television and commented on a car removed from the Garrido property . "  That car looked like the car that Michaela was kidnapped in , " Murch quoted her as saying . According to Murch , her daughter and a friend rode their scooters to the neighborhood market on a Saturday morning . "  They left the scooters outside the door . When they came out , one of the scooters was not where they left it . Michaela spotted it in a parking lot next to a car and went to get it , and when she bent over to pick up the scooter , a man jumped out of the car , grabbed her from behind , threw her into the car and took off with her . " That car was described as a tan color , possibly with some primer on it . "  Even before this  Dugard 's reappearance  came up , I really had a feeling that perhaps my daughter might still be alive and might come home . And this has just heightened my hope for that , " Murch said . She said she keeps busy by writing on her daughter 's Web site . "  In some ways , it 's a lot easier to continue to live without hope than to get your hopes raised again . Living with hopes not fulfilled is one of the hardest things , I think . "  If Michaela is out there and can hear me , I want her to know that I would like her to come home , that nothing that 's transpired over the last 20 years can change the love we have for her . There 's nothing that we ca n't overcome . "	Michaela Garecht , 9 , kidnapped three years before Jaycee Dugard A week before her abduction , Michaela wrote poem about kidnapping , mother says Girls ' kidnappings seem similar , Sharon Murch says Police also looking for links into 1989 kidnapping of Ilene Misheloff
LifeWire  -- Misti Guertin was a publicist with a full roster of clients and a growing salary when her husband , Gary , 56 , was offered a job managing a luxury resort on a private island in the Caribbean . "  It takes some heartfelt conversations to begin balancing the career scales in a marriage , " says an expert . "  My career was just beginning to bloom , " says the Stuart , Florida , resident , "  but we both placed more emphasis on Gary 's career . " Misti , 47 , was raised to believe that the man 's career comes first . So she went , taking a token title as co-manager of the resort . But less than a year after their arrival in 2005 , a fire ravaged the resort and Gary 's contract was terminated . "  The strain on our relationship was sizable , " she says . The couple returned to Florida , where Misti went back to work as a publicist and Gary as the general manager of a yacht club and marina . Her income this year , she says , will exceed Gary 's . It 's common for couples to place more emphasis on the man 's career , according to a 2007 study of more than 9,000 married men and women ages 25-59 . The researchers , from the University of Iowa and the University of California-Davis , also found that when couples relocate , the husband tends to get a salary boost -- $ 3,000 on average . But the wife loses $ 750 . "  When couples migrate , they are -LSB- typically -RSB- doing it for the benefit of the husband 's career , and so the wife is what we call the ` trailing spouse , ' " says study author Mary Noonan , associate professor of sociology at the University of Iowa . "  She may have to take a job in the new location that is a less-than-ideal match for her skills -LSB- or -RSB- qualifications . " Expert : ` Things are moving slowly in the right direction ' Why do couples , even today , let the woman 's job take a back seat ? Blame it on socialization , says Noonan . While it may not be true for every relationship , more often than not , she says , "  men and women are taught to play very different roles within marriage . Women are socialized to play a homemaking role within the family , whereas men are encouraged to focus on their careers and breadwinning . " See how one dad has taken on child-rearing duties " Daniel Buccino , a psychotherapist and faculty member at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine , agrees . "  Until more men are willing to say , ` You know , honey , you should n't have to change your name or sacrifice your career , and I 'll stay home with our kids and aging parents , ' progress will remain glacial , " he says . "  But things are moving slowly in the right direction . " After Dayna Steele , 48 , published her first book in March and began making the media rounds , she found herself dealing with subtle power plays at home . "  I have tried very hard to schedule around my husband 's full-time job and keep him posted on my schedule , confirming dates before I book them , " says Steele , a former radio host living in Seabrook , Texas . "  Then , he started scheduling things over mine without telling me . "  It turned into a battle when I first tried to point out to him what he was doing -- trivializing my new career after promising to support it because he had a ` more important ' job . " Steele knows her husband 's salary and benefits are important but says her career deserves respect , too . "  We 're not quite all the way there , but we 're making some progress , " she says . Steele 's husband , Charles Justiz , 55 , a NASA research pilot , says he does his best to show he values his wife 's career , but it can be challenging , especially with two children . "  We 've had some collisions , " he admits . "  I ca n't call NASA and say , ` Excuse me , I ca n't come in because my wife has a book signing . ' " See how CNN journalists juggle careers with motherhood " But they 're both working on being more flexible , he says . "  I love my wife , and the old saying is true : ` If Mama ai n't happy , ai n't nobody happy . ' " ` Balancing career scales ' Experts have some tips for couples clashing over a career move : Trade places . "  It takes some heartfelt conversations to begin balancing the career scales in a marriage , " says Les Parrott , a clinical psychologist and faculty member at Seattle Pacific University . "  It requires both spouses to be honest with their feelings . " Parrott asks clients to list what 's important to them about their careers , assigning each element a value from 1 to 10 . After each spouse makes a list , they try to guess how much their partner values each item . "  It 's almost always an eye-opener , " says Parrott . "  It helps them empathize . It helps them trade places . And with that new perspective , they are ready for a more honest and grace-filled exploration of their options together . " Try the "  package deal " approach . When a couple is considering relocating , Buccino says , one spouse should see what the new company can do for the other . Switch off . Buccino says the fluidity of today 's job market gives couples "  opportunities to evaluate and re-evaluate and hopefully switch off between whose career takes priority at various phases along the marital life cycle . " When neither is willing to budge , there 's always the long-distance marriage . "  I have seen two-career couples that live in two different cities , " Buccino says , "  because neither is willing to pass up great career opportunities . " While such an arrangement may be a good interim move , it can take a toll on the relationship . "  Some couples have not made it , " Buccino says . "  If they 're committed to each other and the relationship , and otherwise so busy with work when apart , then it can work . But I 'm not sure I 'd recommend it as a first choice . " LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Sarah Jio is a Seattle-based writer who has contributed to "  Cooking Light , " "  SELF , " "  Glamour " and many other publications .	Study : It 's common for couples to place more emphasis on the man 's career Book author battles with NASA pilot over whose career is most important Wife found herself dealing with subtle power plays at home Possible fixes : Long-distance marriage , trading places , honest conversations
CNN  -- Despite some high-profile bombings in recent days , Iraq 's security forces are ready to take over for U.S. forces this week to stabilize the nation 's major cities , the U.S. commander in Iraq told CNN on Sunday . Except for soldiers in advisory roles , all U.S. combat troops will leave Iraqi cities and towns by June 30 . Army Gen. Ray Odierno said he 's seen a "  constant improvement " in both the security situation and governance in Iraq to prepare for the June 30 deadline for U.S. troops to withdraw from major cities . "  They 've been working for this for a long time , " Odierno said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " In a separate interview on "  Fox News Sunday , " Odierno said all U.S. troops already were out of Iraq 's major cities before Tuesday 's deadline . "  We have already moved out of the cities , " Odierno said . "  We 've been slowly doing it over the last eight months . And the final units have moved out of the cities over the last several weeks . " Watch CNN 's Michael Ware on the U.S. withdrawal " The shift is part of the security agreement that former President George W. Bush 's administration signed with Iraq . In the CNN interview , Odierno blamed the recent violence in Iraq on "  extremist elements using the timeframe and date to gain attention to themselves and divert attention from the success of Iraqi security forces . " The 131,000 U.S. troops in Iraq still will "  maintain full coordination with Iraqi forces inside the cities " and continue to have intelligence capacity , Odierno said . With approval from the Iraqis , they also will carry out operations in major cities as necessary , he said . Odierno said his goal is to help provide security that allows Iraq to hold planned national elections leading to the eventual removal of all U.S. troops by the end of 2011 . He said his biggest worry is a breakdown in stability such as a "  consistent increase in violence " or a situation that Iraqi forces ca n't handle . "  I do n't see that " happening , Odierno said . "  I think we 're on the right path . " Odierno also said Iran continues to "  interfere " in Iraq , including training insurgents and paying surrogates . But he said his mission is limited to providing security within Iraq , no matter the provocation from Iran or elsewhere . "  I 'm not authorized to do anything outside the borders of Iraq , " he said . Iran 's government has repeatedly denied fomenting violence inside Iraq .	Gen. Ray Odierno sees "  constant improvement " in security , governance in Iraq Iran continues to "  interfere " in Iraq , Odierno says Iranian government repeatedly denies instigating violence inside Iraq
CNN  -- Beverly Hills , California , police want Lindsay Lohan to turn herself in on an arrest warrant issued Friday . Lindsay Lohan was placed on three years ' probation after being convicted of drunken driving in 2007 . A police official told CNN on Saturday that officers will be on the lookout for the actress-singer until she does so . It was n't clear why Lohan was being sought , but the warrant , issued by a Los Angeles Superior Court judge in Beverly Hills , apparently stems from her 2007 convictions for drunken driving , Beverly Hills police Sgt. Mike Foxen said . She is serving three years ' probation for those convictions . "  We 're hoping that she will turn herself in , " Foxen said . Calls to Lohan 's publicist and manager have not been returned . Once arrested , Lohan , 22 , could go free after posting a $ 50,000 bond , Foxen said . Lohan was arrested twice in 2007 on driving under the influence charges , with a cocaine possession charge in the second incident . The first arrest in May came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a Beverly Hills curb . Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu drug and alcohol rehab facility , she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica police saying Lohan was trying to run her down in a car . A judge sentenced Lohan to three years ' probation after she entered guilty and no-contest pleas to the charges . She served less than two hours in jail . Lohan 's acting career , which started at age 10 on a soap opera , took off on the big screen a year later when she played identical twins in Disney 's "  The Parent Trap . " Since then , she has starred in at least a dozen movies , including "  Mean Girls " and "  Georgia Rule " with Jane Fonda in 2007 . Her pop music recording career , boosted by her movie roles , has floundered . She last released an album in 2005 . CNN 's Irving Last contributed to this report .	Los Angeles judge issues arrest warrant for troubled actress Cause uncertain but related to DUI convictions , police sergeant says Lohan known for Disney movies and hard partying
A beached whale in New Jersey has tested positive for a virus that likely caused more than 1,200 dolphins to become stranded in shallow water or to wash up on shores , researchers said Thursday . After the 21-foot minke whale washed up on the shores of Atlantic City on May 1 , a necropsy and subsequent analysis by the University of California , Davis confirmed that the whale was positive for cetacean morbillivirus , according to the Marine Mammal Stranding Center in Brigantine , New Jersey . The virus is similar to measles in humans or canine distemper in dogs , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . After consulting with disease experts and conducting tests on dolphins in several states , NOAA determined that morbillivirus is likely the cause for 1,283 dolphin "  strandings " on the East Coast since last July . For each of the previous five years , there were an average of 253 strandings for that same time period . The strandings , where dolphins get stuck in shallow water or wash up on shores , are more than five times the historical average in the affected areas : New York , New Jersey , Delaware , Maryland , Virginia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Georgia and Florida , according to NOAA . Some of the stranded dolphins were found alive , but most were found dead , with many in a state of advanced decomposition . Many dolphins had lesions on their skin , mouth , joints , or lungs , according to data published on NOAA 's website . The minke whale , which was tagged with graffiti the night it washed up on the beach , is the first whale that tested positive for the virus in New Jersey . Some were found in other states along the East Coast . "  We 've had three humpback whales that tested suspect positive , but we 're still waiting for additional lab results . Two pigmy sperm whales have also tested positive , " said Maggie Mooney-Seus , public affairs officer for NOAA . Robert Schoelkopf , the director of the Marine Mammal Stranding Center , says it 's unclear how the minke whale contracted the virus , but additional testing is being done . "  Minke whales do n't travel in large groups like dolphins do , so it 's still uncertain , " Schoelkopf said . Mooney-Seus said it was unknown whether "  it 's a strain of morbillivirus in whales or if it was transmitted from dolphins . " NOAA officials say there is no way to stop the spread of the virus . Currently , there are no medications or vaccines that could be effectively administered to wild marine populations . "  We ca n't inoculate every marine mammal in the ocean , " Schoelkopf said . Scientists hope that learning more about the virus will help them address factors that may facilitate its spread . While the virus is generally spread through the air or through contact with other animals , it is not infectious to humans . On August 8 , 2013 , NOAA issued an Unusual Mortality Event in response to the high number of deaths . The declaration brought special federal attention to the deaths as something that serves as an indicator of ocean health and may give "  insight into larger environmental issues which may also have implications for human health and welfare , " according to NOAA 's website . The UME declaration for the mid-Atlantic bottlenose dolphins was one of 60 that the agency has issued since it was established under the Marine Mammal Protection Act in 1991 . In 29 of those cases , infections , biotoxins , human intervention and malnutrition , were among the causes determined .	A beached whale in New Jersey has tested positive for a virus found in hundreds of dolphins The whale was positive for cetacean morbillivirus , which is similar to measles in humans Morbillivirus likely 1,283 dolphin "  strandings " on the East Coast since last July
He has been declared America 's "  first gay president . " But President Barack Obama 's evolution to that title has n't been easy . His positions zig-zagged over almost two decades . His advocacy of same-sex marriage began well before his White House years , tracing back to his early political service in Illinois . The effectiveness of his leadership , however , will be determined by the U.S. Supreme Court as it considers a California ban on same-sex marriage . 1996 : While running for the Illinois Senate , Obama signs a questionnaire for a gay Chicago publication saying he favors legalizing same-sex marriages . He later wins the race . 1998 : He alters course and answers "  undecided " on same-sex marriage when questioned in another survey . 2003 : In his campaign for the Illinois Senate , Obama says in a questionnaire that he is against repealing the Defense of Marriage Act , a 1996 federal law that states for federal purposes , marriage is defined as only between one man and one woman . 2004 : When running for the U.S. Senate , he notes he is "  a Christian " and that "  marriage is something sanctified between a man and a woman . " He wins the race . The new Obama has his heart on his sleeve 2009 : Obama signs a memorandum granting some benefits to same-sex partners of federal employees . February 2011 : The Obama administration instructs the U.S. Justice Department to stop defending the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act in court . June 2011 : White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer says President Obama 's 1996 questionnaire was "  actually filled out by someone else , not the president . " Obama "  has been against " same-sex marriage , but his and the country 's position was evolving on the matter , Pfeiffer says . "  I ca n't tell you when that evolution will continue . " 2012 : Obama endorses same-sex marriage , the first such statement by a sitting president . The legal decision should be up to the states to determine , he says . January 2013 : Obama becomes the first U.S. president to mention gays and lesbians in an inaugural address and champions same-sex marriage . March 2013 : Obama personally reviews and OKs his administration 's amicus or "  friend of the court " brief filed with the U.S. Supreme Court as it weighs the constitutionality of California 's 2008 Proposition 8 referendum banning same-sex marriage . 2013-2017 : Will Obama 's next evolutionary step seek change in the 41 states that currently define marriage as between one man and one woman ? As a second-term president , he certainly has the clout . Obama on same-sex marriage : Everyone is equal	President Obama , "  the first gay president , " zig-zags on gay marriage over time In 1996 , he endorses same-sex marriage in a survey But in 2011 , a White House adviser says someone else filled out that survey Today , he is the first sitting president to endorse same-sex marriage
Krakow , Poland  CNN  -- For many Poles , John Paul II 's beatification simply confirms what they already knew . They thought him a saint already , the very fact of his papacy a blessing for Poland . At the Sanctuary for Divine Mercy in Lagiewniki , Krakow , around 50,000 people braved the rain to watch the beatification ceremony live from the Vatican . The organizers had expected higher turnout in Krakow . Many brought camping equipment , deck chairs and packed lunches . Crowds jam Vatican for beatification It 's Karol Wojtyla 's role in the fall of communism that is his true miracle for many people in Poland . "  During his first visit in Poland , he said this famous sentence , ` Let the Holy Spirit come and renew this land , ' " Renata Kaszuba said . "  So he was encouraging the fall of communism , not through blood and war , but through the message that God is the most important one . " There were many here who were too young to remember communism . But they feel their lives were touched , even transformed , by their Polish pope . One Krakow student said : "  It 's a great source of pride for us to have another Pole blessed . I did n't have the chance to attend a Mass celebrated by the pope , but I watched his visits on television . " "  I do n't even know how to describe it , " said another . "  He 's like a second father for me . " In Krakow 's main market square , there 's a huge photo exhibition devoted to John Paul II . iReport : Catholics honor John Paul II in Romania Portraits as he overlooks his beloved Tatra Mountains or aerial shots of Mass attended by hundreds of thousands in Krakow 's Blonia meadow . Children pose beside giant photos of a pope they 'll never know . But his spirit lives on in the collective memory of the Polish nation . There are some people who criticize the rush to beatification or who find fault in the policies of John Paul II 's papacy , but you wo n't find them here .	About 50,000 people brave rain in Krakow to watch beatification ceremony at Vatican For many , Karol Wojtyla 's role in the fall of communism is his true miracle Krakow student : "  It 's a great source of pride for us to have another Pole blessed "
CNN  -- Seven relatives died when their SUV was crushed between two big rigs during a traffic backup in Indiana , leaving the vehicle in a burning , mangled heap . The victims in the Jasper County crash included four children , the Indiana State Police said . Preliminary reports indicate the accident Thursday night occurred when the Jeep stopped behind a tractor-trailer near a work zone . A tractor-trailer behind the Jeep failed to stop , rear-ending it and sending it plowing into the semi in front . The Jeep exploded into flames , which also spread to the two trucks . After firefighters extinguished the flames , they found two bodies in the Jeep . But the car was so severely burned and mangled , fire crews took it to the Keener Township Fire Department to remove the victims . It took them hours to take it apart , and they then discovered five more bodies , authorities said . "  There were a total of three adults and four children found inside the vehicle , " the Indiana State Police said in a statement . CNN affiliate WLS said they were all family members , but did not specify how they are related to one another . An investigation is under way , but alcohol and narcotics are not believed to be factors , authorities said . Police identified the dead as Indiana residents Lindsey Williams , 27 ; Arielle Goldman , 3 ; Yazmin Goldman , 5 ; Amado Mangual , 49 ; and Atlanta residents Jamin Osborne , 5 ; Jasmin Osborne , 7 ; and Yvette Williams , 35 . One of the truck drivers was hospitalized while the other one was unhurt . In 2012 : Drivers did n't slow before fiery multi-car crash CNN 's Jake Carpenter contributed to this report	All four children were under age 8 A semi rear-ended the Jeep , sending it plowing into a big rig in front of it The accident occurred during a traffic backup in Indiana
CNN  -- Chinese web developers are using a new weapon aimed at fighting corruption : sites encouraging people to share stories of bribes online . Such sites -- inspired by a similar idea in India -- have surged in the past few weeks , but they 've had a shaky start . Interest in the idea gained widespread momentum on June 8 , after China 's state-run Beijing News published a story about a new website in India called "  Ipaidabribe.com . " The site encourages users to "  tell us your bribe story " and aims to "  uncover the market price of corruption " by making people 's experiences publicly-accessible online . The website 's administrators promise to use the stories "  to argue for improving governance systems ... and thereby reduce the scope for corruption in obtaining services from the government . " The idea quickly caught on in China , where analysts have said corruption is a serious problem . Official statistics on government corruption are hard to come by , but a 2007 report from the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace argued that corruption threatens China 's future , fueling socioeconomic inequality and social unrest . Within days of the Beijing News story , several homegrown Chinese spinoffs had emerged . Visitors began posting hundreds of "  tips " under headings like "  local officials ... are buying luxury villas at a small fraction of the market value , " and "  High-ranking official with 146 mistresses writes a letter to his son . " Some contained documentation to back up the claims ; others posted the names of the parties accused with no supporting evidence . But a week later , the state-run Jinghua Times reported that the government had declared "  citizens ' anti-corruption websites , " as they had come to be known , illegal . It was a move many predicted . "  People share these websites with one another saying they want to see how long they 'll last before they get shut down or blocked .  Their  pessimistic attitudes are not unfounded , " media critic Wei Yingjie wrote in a June 13 editorial posted on multiple Chinese newspapers ' websites . "  In fact , up til now , there has been no shortage of channels for fighting corruption . But in reality , posts  that expose corruption  get deleted ; people who file complaints about local government with higher levels of government get sent away ; and  corruption  tipsters get shipped from province to province . " Within days , Wei 's article itself had been removed from several state-run websites . But last week , an unlikely coalition emerged against the government 's declaration : Chinese Internet freedom activists and the Communist Party-supported Global Times newspaper , which published an op-ed that argued against the ban on this class of website . "  Instead of shutting down these websites because of legal issues , the government should take this opportunity to work with the few websites that genuinely want to help , so that they may complement official bodies to fight corruption , " the newspaper said . A web developer who goes by the name of "  Peater Q " embodies this alliance . A young Communist Party member and web developer , Peater says his site , wohuilule.com , is the first of its kind to obtain government permission to exist .  "  Wo hui lu le " is a translation of "  I paid a bribe . " He asked to remain anonymous for this article , saying he feared revealing his identity would put his security at risk . CNN did not see his website 's application documents , but his site was still viewable online Sunday -- days after many other similar sites were no longer accessible . Peater said he believes the government is working hard to reduce corruption within its own ranks , and he sees his site as "  a very specific resource for tips " for the government officials who investigate corruption claims . "  I want to reduce their burden , " he said . The very notion of anti-corruption websites that are vetted , potentially , by the same government officials the sites seek to expose sets off warning signals for some , who fear the sites will be used as a tool of persecution . An editorial cartoon in China 's widely-read Southern Weekend newspaper showed a representative of the public security bureau smiling as he says , "  please register with your legal name , address ... " In front of him , a man is sweating and hiding behind a sign that reads "  I bribed.com " in Chinese . At least one expert says such sites pose serious ethical questions . "  If you wanted to tarnish the reputation of the government or a department within it , or settle a vendetta , you could just get all of your friends to post claims against them , " said Raymond Fisman , a professor at the Columbia Business School who has studied corruption . "  There is no way of credibly aggregating the information to assess the magnitude of the problem , " he added . When asked if he thinks his site , too , could one day run afoul of Internet censors , Peater acknowledged negative consequences could pop up if people use the site for "  reactionary behavior . " But he said sharing information will help tackle corruption . "  Positive things will come from widespread awareness . It 's not just a website for bad feelings , " he said . For now , Peater continues tweaking his site -- now just three days old -- and waiting for the tips to come in .	The sites allow people to report bribes and corruption complaints Chinese state media reports "  citizens ' anti-corruption websites " are illegal One web developer says he has received government permission for his site One expert says open-source anti-bribe sites pose serious ethical questions
CNN  -- A youth pastor and his pregnant wife were among the three people killed when a bus overturned Saturday afternoon in Indiana , a deacon from the pastor 's church said Sunday . The bus was returning from a camp in Michigan , said Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard . Chad Phelps , pastor at Colonial Hills Baptist Church , and his wife , Courtney , were expecting their second child next month , Deacon Jeff Leffew said . The third fatality was Tonya Weindorf , a mother of five acting as a chaperone on the trip , Leffew said . "  They are with God in heaven right now . We know that without a doubt , " Leffew said , "  but we grieve for the fact that they are not here with us . " The accident injured 19 more people out of about 40 passengers on the bus . A total of eight remained in two hospitals as of Sunday night . One of the injured remains in critical condition , a spokeswoman for Indiana University Health Methodist Hospital said . Most of those on board were teenagers , according to Indianapolis Fire Department spokeswoman Rita Burris . Leffew asked for prayers and support as the church and victims recover . "  We 're going to have a long road , " he said . The driver told witnesses that the vehicle 's brakes failed as it was trying to make a left turn , Burris said . The bus ended up on its side on a concrete road barrier with luggage and other debris strewn on the roadway . "  I saw bodies everywhere , kids in shock and disbelief , " said John Murphy , who had stopped along the northern Indianapolis road where the bus crashed . "  There was an awful lot of blood . " Rose Vorenkamp was driving when she saw the overturned bus and "  people running " to help . Having been trained through her job in first aid and CPR , she moved closer and saw what she described as a girl trapped under the bus , bloodied passengers with head injuries and at least one person with a dislocated shoulder . The fire department noted that four passers-by arrived first to help , including one who helped pull the driver from the bus . Those helping were met soon by firefighters and crews from 12 ambulances and four helicopters . Indianapolis police spokesman Michael Hewitt said two passengers were airlifted from the crash , nine were treated and released at the scene of the accident and others were taken to local hospitals . Family members subsequently gathered at the church , Colonial Hills Baptist , where the bus had been heading . The scene there was "  remarkably positive , very sad , but at the same time very together , " Ballard said . "  Some of the teenagers are hurting very badly . You can see it in their faces , " the mayor said . Some people at the church thanked him for visiting and generally appeared strong , Ballard added , surmising that "  it 's very clear that they are being guided by their faith right now . " Still , the mayor added , they might have some tough days ahead of them . "  The next few days are always very , very painful as they come out of the shock of it , " he said . The bus is believed to be the only vehicle involved in the crash , according to Hewitt . At least 30 killed in bus crash in southern Italy	NEW : Eight people remained hospitalized Sunday night Deacon says youth pastor , his wife and a chaperone killed in bus crash The bus was headed to church after returning from Michigan camp , mayor says Driver told witnesses brakes failed , fire department official says
CNN  -- It was only after I joined CNN on May 8 , 1990 , that I got to know Ted Turner and learn TV news and life lessons from him . In recent weeks and months , I 've been thinking of those lessons as I worked on our new CNN one-hour documentary : "  Ted Turner : The Maverick Man . " Here -- in no particular order -- are five things I learned from the CNN founder : 1 . The news comes first . He would always remind all of us at CNN that we work for a "  news " organization and when there 's breaking news , that takes priority . Nowadays , that sounds so obvious , especially to all of us at CNN -- the world 's news leader when it comes to breaking news . But when he created the first 24/7 television news network on June 1 , 1980 , that concept was not so obvious . 2 . If you have a dream , pursue it . When he created CNN , a lot of folks thought he was crazy . The three broadcast networks already had a daily 30-minute newscast . But Ted believed people in the United States -- and indeed around the world -- wanted a lot more . He took what money he had and rolled the dice . He was , of course , right . There are now hundreds of local , national and international 24/7 cable news channels in dozens of languages around the world . In short , Ted did for television news what Bill Gates and Steve Jobs did for computers and the Internet . 3 . Even after terrible life setbacks , you can recover and even thrive . Ted had a very unhappy childhood . His parents sent him away to boarding school when he was only 4 . His father berated him for not getting into Harvard and stopped paying his tuition at Brown because he did n't like Ted 's major . Later , his father committed suicide . Still in his early 20s , Ted went on to take a local advertising business and create a worldwide media empire . At his peak , Ted was worth more than $ 10 billion . Years later , Ted lost his media empire , and the love of his life , Jane Fonda . Even at his lowest point , he was able to turn things around and create a new business venture -- becoming a bison rancher and opening a chain of restaurants , which keeps him thriving and relevant today . 4 . A smart person has a lot of interests . Ted loves more than just the news . He loves entertainment -- he created TNT , TBS , Turner Classic Movies , The Cartoon Network -- and sports . At one point , when he owned the Atlanta Braves , he took them from last place to a World Series win . He also has a passion for protecting the environment and eliminating nuclear weapons . And he puts his money where his mouth is . He made a $ 1 billion pledge to the United Nations . 5 . Do n't be afraid to admit you 've made mistakes . Anyone who speaks with Ted will hear him acknowledge his many mistakes over the years -- from not being an attentive father to failing to understand what the Time Warner/AOL merger would mean for his involvement with his beloved CNN . He has no role in CNN today . The great thing about Ted is that he knows where he erred and is willing to learn and improve . By sharing the good and bad of his life , he hopes others will learn as well .	Ted Turner turns 75 years old this month He founded CNN , the first 24-hour cable news network , in 1980 In 1990 , Turner hired Wolf Blitzer , host of CNN 's "  The Situation Room " Blitzer reflects on what he learned from his former boss
ST. POELTEN , Austria  CNN  -- The daughter of Josef Fritzl , the Austrian man accused of keeping her in a cellar for decades and fathering her seven children , testified against him by video at his trial Tuesday . Josef Fritzl is seen without his face covered and surrounded by security guards Tuesday . One of Elisabeth Fritzl 's brothers , Harald , also testified by video , a court spokesman said . The media and public have been barred from the courtroom for sensitive parts of the trial . Fritzl has pleaded guilty to incest and other charges , but denied murder and enslavement . He pleaded "  partly guilty " -- an option in Austrian court -- to multiple charges of raping his daughter , Franz Cutka , a spokesman for the court in Landesgericht St. Poelten , said . A verdict is expected on Thursday , Cutka said . Elisabeth testified on an 11-hour videotape . Portions of the tape were played Monday , and Fritzl was asked about it . The remainder of the tape was played Tuesday , officials said . Watch his face in the courtroom " Authorities have said Elisabeth and her children were given new identities and are in a secret location . Details of her testimony were not made clear at the daily afternoon news conference . Asked at the news conference why other family members have not testified , officials said they did not wish to do so . Watch media at Fritzl trial " The murder charge relates to an infant named Michael Fritzl who died soon after birth , allegedly from lack of medical care , State Prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek says . A neo-natal expert gave evidence Tuesday in relation to the murder charge . As he had Monday when the trial opened , Fritzl concealed his face behind a file binder as he arrived in court to shield himself from reporters , television cameras and photographers and escorted by a phalanx of police officers . Later Tuesday he dropped his guard and was pictured with the binder by his side , talking to security guards . During the trial , prosecutors have painted a chilling picture of the more than two decades Elisabeth spent in the cellar of the family home in Amstetten with three of her children . Fritzl took three other children upstairs , authorities have said , telling his wife and other relatives that the missing Elisabeth had dropped them at the house . The woman and the remaining children never saw daylight , prosecutors said , and Fritzl went away for long periods of time , causing them to go hungry when he did not bring them food . Watch Fritzl 's first day in court " To punish them , prosecutors said , Fritzl sometimes turned the power off in the cellar for up to 10 days . In addition , they alleged , Elisabeth was often sexually assaulted in front of the children . The case first came to light in April 2008 when Elisabeth 's then-19-year-old daughter , Kerstin , became seriously ill with convulsions , and Elisabeth persuaded her father to allow the girl to be taken to a hospital . Hospital staff became suspicious and alerted police , who discovered the family members in the cellar . Police said Fritzl confessed to them that he had sex with his daughter , kept her and their children in captivity , and burned the body of the infant in an oven in the house . Elisabeth told police the infant was one of twins , and died a few days after birth . When Elisabeth gained her freedom , she told police her father began sexually abusing her at age 11 . Seven years later , she said , he drugged , handcuffed and locked her in the cellar . To back up his story that she had run away , Fritzl forced Elisabeth to write letters , authorities have said . Defense attorney Rudolph Mayer has said his client , 73 , expects to spend the rest of his life in prison . Under Austrian law , if Fritzl is convicted on several offenses , he will be given the sentence linked to the worst crime . The charges he faces are :  Murder : The infant who died in 1996 died from a lack of medical care , the state prosecutor said . The charge carries a sentence of life in prison .  Involvement in slave trade : From 1984 until 2008 , prosecutors allege , Fritzl held his daughter , Elisabeth , captive in a dungeon , abused her sexually and treated her as if she were his personal property -- in a situation similar to slavery . If he is convicted , the sentence could range from 10 to 20 years in prison .  Rape : Between August 30 , 1984 , and June 30 , 1989 , Fritzl "  regularly sexually abused Elisabeth , " according to the prosecutor . The sentence could be from five to 15 years in prison .  Incest : Parallel to the rape charge . It carries a sentence of up to one year .  Withdrawal of liberty : Three of the children Fritzl had with Elisabeth were illegally held captive in a dungeon with no daylight or fresh air , according to prosecutors . That charge carries a sentence of one to 10 years .  Assault : Between August 28 , 1984 , and April 26 , 2006 , Fritzl repeatedly threatened Elisabeth and their three children with gas and booby traps as warnings in case they tried to escape , authorities allege . The sentence would range from six months to five years . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Frederik Pleitgen in St. Poelten and Melissa Gray in London contributed to this report	Incest rapist Josef Fritzl in Austrian court for the second day of his trial Fritzl drops his guard , is pictured without binder obscuring his face Austrian accused of keeping daughter in cellar for decades , fathering her 7 children Daughter Elisabeth give pre-recorded videotaped evidence
Beijing  CNN  -- "  Across the Great Wall we can reach every corner of the world , " read the header of the first email sent from China back in 1987 . Two Chinese scientists sent it to their German counterparts through an "  email node , " a rudimentary system used to send emails at that time . Their hyperbole aside , they probably did n't realize that the rare connection could foretell a digital revolution . That came on April 20 , 1994 , when geeks at the Institute of High Energy Physics at China 's Academy of Sciences built the first cable connection to the World Wide Web via facilities based at Stanford University 's Stanford Linear Accelerator Center  SLAC  . This year marks the 20th anniversary of China 's first connection with the Internet -- a technological breakthrough that has had a particularly massive impact on the world 's most populous country . "  It 's been utterly transformational , " said Kaiser Kuo , director of international communications at Baidu , China 's largest search engine . "  The advent of the Internet has been a great leveler in terms of access to knowledge , to education materials , to goods and services . "  A school teacher in a rural mountain village with just an Internet connection has access to the same teaching material as her counterpart teaching in the best school in Beijing . A consumer in a hinterland country town can buy the very latest in consumer electronics , or books or fashion just the same as someone in Shanghai . And practically anyone anywhere can set up a virtual store to reach a nationwide market . " The boom years Two decades ago , China 's digital starting point was low and slow : only around 2,000 Chinese computers had access to the Internet . Connection was by telephone lines through a modem . "  It was super slow and very expensive , " remembered Zhao Wei , a college graduate then and now a top executive of a local Internet company . By 1996 , the first Internet cafes opened in Shanghai and other major cities , enabling more and more people to access the Net even before they bought computers . The first generation of Internet users quickly emerged when local companies such as Sina , Sohu and Netease opened for business . Internet connectivity has since shifted gears with one technological leap to another , from telephone lines to optic fibers and now wireless . China is advancing to the 4G era , with more and more people using smartphones . In 2008 , China 's Internet users reached 298 million , surpassing the United States as the world 's biggest Internet population . At the end of last year , that grew to 618 million , about half of China 's entire population . A global player Internet connectivity is changing the lives , lifestyle and consumer behavior of many ordinary Chinese . Nowadays , typical urbanites begin their day turning on their computers , tablets and smartphones to check their emails or get on social media platforms . More than half of Chinese Internet users communicate and share information via social networks such as Weibo , QQ and WeChat . Thanks to the thriving IT industry , hundreds of thousands of people have started private businesses . Some of them have emerged as major players in the global IT industry and are among the richest entrepreneurs in China . E-commerce offers nearly two million direct jobs and over 13 million indirect ones domestically . China also hosts one of the world 's leading e-trade businesses called Alibaba that , based on gross trade , is already bigger than eBay and Amazon combined . ` Great Firewall ' still limits To be sure , Internet in China is not totally without borders . A sophisticated system enables Chinese "  Internet police " to filter or delete online content that authorities dislike . China 's critics dubbed it the "  Great Firewall of China . " "  The  Communist  Party devotes huge resources to ensuring that the Internet does not threaten their rule , " said Jeremy Goldkorn , Director of Danwei , a China-focused blog and media research firm . "  So far , they have been successful . " State media reported last year that China employs around two million people to police public opinion online , while popular social media platforms such as Facebook , YouTube and Twitter remain blocked in China . Even so , Goldkorn said the Internet has changed the Chinese government 's behavior for the better . "  The Internet has made the government more responsive to the needs of its citizens and made it nearly impossible to cover up bad news of a major nature , " he explained . Converging worlds While China has built its thriving IT industry on the advanced Internet technology and business models found in the United States and other countries , analysts also credit the Chinese for their distinctive innovations . Popular social media platforms such as WeChat and Sina Weibo are actually better than their Western counterparts , Whatsapp and Twitter , some industry analysts say . Multi-screen convergence , for example , has developed swiftly in China because there are more users surfing the Internet using smartphone devices rather than a laptop . This has pushed Chinese Internet giants such as Youku to work with TV stations and traditional media even before Hulu did in the U.S. . As early as 2009 , Tudou had developed its own original content before Netflix started doing the same , according to Victor Koo , CEO of Youku Tudou Inc , who was speaking at the "  China 2.0 " event held earlier this month at the Peking University Stanford Center . The rapid spread of mobile connectivity is also prompting the convergence of online and offline industries . Youku Tudou Inc has been co-producing online shorts and feature film with leading Chinese film distributors such as BONA . In the future , analysts foresee further Internet penetration and convergence . "  You can get a smartphone that can access the Internet for under US$ 100 , " predicted Goldkorn . "  Very soon , the entire literate population of China will be able to get online . It 's going to change everything from business to government to the way people find a spouse , buy real estate , and invest their savings . "	April 20 , 2014 marked the 20th anniversary of the Chinese Internet Internet penetration will change the way people find a spouse , buy real estate , invest savings A thriving IT industry with distinct Chinese characteristics continues to boom
CNN  -- The chief justice of the Brazilian Supreme Court ruled Tuesday in favor of an American father in an international custody battle . The ruling by Chief Justice Gilmar Mendes will reunite a 9-year-old boy with his father , David Goldman , who has been locked in a custody battle with the family of the boy 's deceased mother . Last week , a lower court unanimously upheld a decision ordering that Sean Goldman be returned to his father in New Jersey . David Goldman arrived in Rio de Janeiro to reunite with his son , but one Supreme Court justice issued a stay , ordering Sean to remain with his Brazilian relatives until the high court could consider the case . Mendes ' decision lifted the stay , paving the way for Goldman to be reunited with his son . Sean 's grandmother , Silvana Bianchi , was expected to immediately file appeals to Tuesday 's ruling . In a letter to Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , Bianchi said that the legal process was overlooking the boy 's own desires . "  I feel threatened by losing my grandson Sean because of international pressures that do n't consider the interest of a 9-year-old child who passionately desires to remain among those that gave him comfort in the mother 's death , " the letter states in part . "  They allege that the Hague Convention determined to hand him over immediately . I am not a lawyer . But what I know is that the Convention establishes as priority the interest of the child , and the child was n't heard . " The custody battle began in 2004 , when Goldman 's wife , Bruna Bianchi , took their then-4-year-old son from their home in New Jersey to Rio de Janeiro for what was to have been a two-week vacation . She never returned , instead remarrying there and retaining custody of Sean . She died last year in childbirth . Goldman has argued that as the sole surviving parent , he should be granted custody . The Bianchi family argues it would traumatize Sean to remove him from what has been his home for five years . The custody battle garnered much media attention and spilled over into the political arena as well . U.S. Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , had placed a hold on a trade bill that would have benefited Brazil to the tune of $ 2.75 billion , but he lifted it on the court 's ruling , spokesman Caley Gray said . The bill in question , which sailed through the Senate after the senator dropped the hold , would provide export tariff relief to 130 countries , of which Brazil would be the fifth largest recipient , Gray said . Lautenberg 's hold was designed to exert additional pressure on Brazilian authorities to abide by the court order to return Sean to his father , he said . While the chief justice was still studying the case , Brazilian Attorney General Luis Inacio Adams said the executive branch sides with Goldman . "  Once we stop cooperating and start breaking our treaties and international obligations , Brazil risks the chance of not having its own requests in the matters regarding international judicial help granted , based on the principle of international reciprocity , " Adams said Monday . "  Not releasing the minor into the custody of his father could bring sanctions against Brazil , " he added . "  It could damage Brazil 's image before the international community . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	Supreme court lifts restraining order keeping boy in Brazil David Goldman has been locked in a legal battle over his 9-year-old son , Sean Goldman 's wife took Sean from New Jersey to Rio de Janeiro for two weeks , never returned Bruna Bianchi remarried , later died in childbirth ; Sean has lived with her family since 2004
CNN  -- When charity and creativity go hand in hand , the result can be a work of art -- quite literally . Such is the aim of Syri-Arts , part of Lebanese non-profit organization Kayany , which is working to raise much needed money for Syrian refugee children by auctioning off 150 works of art . For Nora Joumblatt , an art historian who is helping to spearhead the endeavor , the initiative makes perfect sense . "  The Mideast is home to a host of artistic talent and art is the universal language , " she says . An online auction , hosted by website Paddle8.com , began October 30 . A live auction , hosted by Sotheby 's , will be held at 6pm on November 8 at the Beirut Exhibition Center , where the art is on display . According to Syri-Arts , all the funds raised "  will go to the benefit of Syrian refugee children to secure food , clothing , medication and schooling through reputable NGOs working on the ground . " "  They are all donations , " proudly declares Wassim Rasamny , one of the organizers , about the works of art being sold . "  We have 150 artists stretching from North Africa to the Arabian Gulf ... who have so passionately donated their works . " Contributors include artists from Syria , Lebanon , Iraq , Saudi Arabia , Iran , Morocco , and many other countries . While the organizing committee expected , and depended upon , generosity of spirit , they were still surprised by the outpouring . "  We thought maybe we 'd get 40 or 50 artists contributing , " says Joumblatt . "  We did n't expect this overwhelming response . This really shows how civil society is keen to help Syrian children . " According to Syri-Arts , "  the international community has failed in its collective responsibility towards the Syrian child . The children deserve immediate action to help alleviate the daily hardships they are facing in this colossal tragedy . " According to the UN , at least 1 million of the over 2 million registered Syrian refugees are children . "  That is a staggering number , " explains Joumblatt , who calls it "  the tragedy of the 20th century . " Children are facing "  catastrophic consequences " because of the escalating violence in Syria , according to UNICEF , which adds that "  more than 4 million children are now affected by the brutal conflict . " Just recently the World Health Organization confirmed ten cases of polio among children in Syria , the first outbreak of the disease in the country since 1999 . "  I do n't think the international community realizes the state the Syrian children are in , " says Joumblatt . "  The threats of child labor or early marriage or trafficking ... I do n't think the international community realizes that even their minimum needs are n't being met . " Joumblatt says the cause is important to her not just because she was born in Syria , but also because she was exiled from there as a child . "  This is a huge problem . And this is a whole generation Syria is at risk of losing , " says Joumblatt . Syri-Arts Beirut is organized in collaboration with the Lebanese Ministry of Social Affairs , UNICEF , Save The Children International , Action Against Hunger , Syri-Art Paris , Institut du Monde Arabe  IMA  , and the Beirut Exhibition Center .	Artists from across Mideast have donated piece for one-off public auction Syri-Arts has organized event to raise funds to help Syrian refugee children Bids can be made online while auction takes place on November 8 in Beirut UN says that half of 2 million Syrian refugees are children
CNN  -- Lindsey Vonn has a lot of ground to make up if she is to win her fifth World Cup crown , but the American skier is giving it her all . Having failed to finish Friday 's Super Combined race at Saint Moritz in Switzerland , the 28-year-old bounced back to win the Super G event on Saturday to stay in overall title contention . Vonn is 167 points behind leader Tina Maze of Slovenia , who followed up her Friday with with second place ahead of another U.S. skier , Julia Mancuso , on a course shortened due to poor visibility . It was Vonn 's 57th World Cup race victory , the second best tally in women 's alpine racing , and her 20th in a discipline that she has dominated for the past four years . She is now third overall , four points behind Germany 's Maria Hofl-Riesch , as she battles back after her early season was hit by a serious stomach ailment that put her in hospital . Last year Vonn won her fourth World Cup title ahead of Maze and Hofl-Riesch . "  I was really disappointed yesterday after the super-combined and I knew there were some who could go really fast in super-G like Tina and Julia , " Vonn , who won all three races at Lake Louise in Canada last weekend , told reporters . "  I am just happy to get another win . I lost three races when I was ill in mid-November and I have had to battle my way back . Records are very important for me and I want to win as many races as possible . " The women will compete in the giant slalom on Sunday . Meanwhile , France 's Alexis Pinturault claimed only the second World Cup win over his career when he triumphed in the men 's slalom at Val d'Isere on Saturday . The 21-year-old , who is recovering from an ankle injury , headed off Germany 's Felix Neureuther and Austria 's World Cup champion Marcel Hirscher . Overall leader Aksel Lund Svindal did not compete , but the Norwegian will return to action for Sunday 's giant slalom .	American skier Lindsey Vonn wins her 57th World Cup race on Saturday The defending champion is now 167 points behind overall leader Tina Maze The Slovenian was second in Super G after winning Friday 's Super Combined Vonn is making up for lost time after an illness earlier this season
CNN  -- Mitt Romney has taken many people by surprise by announcing that his vice presidential running mate will be Wisconsin Representative Paul Ryan . The decision excites many conservatives who have been calling on Romney to go big . They believe Ryan will inject some juice into a campaign they feel has been lackluster and put the focus on the policy differences between Romney and President Obama . The primary risk with Ryan , from what we currently know about him , is that his controversial budget plan and tough line on Medicare could energize liberals and alienate elderly voters in key states like Florida . He also lacks foreign policy expertise and has spent most of his career in the city that conservatives hate , Washington . In recent decades , the record of vice presidential running mates who have come right out of the House is not very good . The risk of making the wrong choice for vice president was highlighted in 2008 by Sen. John McCain 's selection of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , a decision many believe helped torpedo the Republican nominee . Palin struggled before the media , appearing inexperienced and unprepared for the Oval Office . She also used aggressive conservative rhetoric that undercut McCain 's appeal to independents . But for all the talk about what can go wrong with vice presidential nominations , it is important to remember how many of these picks have helped the ticket . Very often vice presidential running mates have proven to be excellent on the campaign trail . They have compensated for the weaknesses of the person at the top of the ticket , they have played the role of attack dog and they have complemented the presidential candidate 's strengths . In 1952 , Gen. Dwight Eisenhower was determined to remain above the partisan fray . He wanted a campaign that highlighted his military record as America was bogged down in a military stalemate in Korea . California Sen. Richard Nixon served as an effective attack dog , taking on Democrat Adlai Stevenson for being too weak in fighting communism , branding him "  Adlai the Appeaser " and saying the kinds of things Eisenhower wanted to avoid saying himself . Although a scandal involving a contribution fund Nixon maintained as senator almost caused him to be dumped from the ticket , Nixon turned the table on Democrats by going on television and delivering the famous "  Checkers Speech , " in which he turned public sympathy in his favor . After hearing the speech , Eisenhower met with Nixon and said , "  Dick , you 're my boy . " A few years later , Nixon fell victim to a good vice presidential pick when he ran for president against John F. Kennedy in 1960 . Though he was disliked by many liberals , former Senate Majority Leader Lyndon Johnson gave the Democrats strong appeal in Southern states and also helped bring an impressive level of Washington expertise to the ticket . In 1968 , Nixon picked Maryland Gov. Spiro Agnew , who certainly brought his fair share of problems . Agnew was mocked by his opponents as a little known politician and uttered his share of gaffes as well as ethnic slurs . Yet Agnew did contribute to Nixon 's victory by simultaneously appealing to the center , given his moderate record as governor in most policy areas , and to Southerners , given his increasingly hard line on racial issues such as school busing and law and order . Like Nixon in 1952 , Agnew served as the attack dog and allowed Nixon , who had remade himself from an avid Cold Warrior into a foreign policy expert , to maintain his new image . In 1976 , Minnesota Sen. Walter Mondale appealed to traditional Democrats such as organized labor and African-Americans who were distrustful of Jimmy Carter , an unknown Southerner who did not seem sympathetic to the party 's core ideas . When Carter ran against Ronald Reagan in 1980 , George H.W. Bush gave the GOP ticket immense foreign policy expertise and Washington experience that helped Reagan push back against criticism that he was just a lightweight Hollywood actor who would be unable to function in the corridors of Washington . Tennessee Sen. Al Gore proved to be a pitch-perfect running mate for Bill Clinton in 1992 . Clinton wanted to convey the impression that Democrats were no longer the old "  tax and spend " party Republicans had enjoyed attacking . Clinton was a Southerner and part of a new generation of Democrats . Gore , a hawkish centrist who agreed with Clinton , complemented the party message . Together , Clinton and Gore counteracted the ability of President Bush , and then in 1996 Sen. Bob Dole , to draw on the familiar campaign themes of the GOP . Simply the image of the two youthful men and their families generated excitement among voters . In 2000 , George W. Bush surprised many observers when he picked former Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney , who was heading the vice presidential selection process , as his running mate . Cheney did n't do much on the campaign trail , but he did provide a record of deep experience in Washington that counteracted Democratic charges that Bush was a novice who lacked any gravitas . In 2004 , Cheney would eviscerate Sen. John Kerry 's running mate , Sen. John Edwards , during a debate that made the Democrat look too young and too inexperienced . In 2008 , Sen. Barack Obama , who already had the wind to his back , took something of a risk with Sen. Joe Biden , who was notorious for his off the cuff remarks and gaffes . But Biden added value to the ticket , compensating for Obama 's perceived inexperience and proving willing to engage in tough partisan attacks that Obama shied away from . It is possible that Ryan could help Mitt Romney in the coming months -- and he could use a boost , since he 's 7 points behind Obama in the latest CNN poll . If Ryan 's main role is to be the ideological messenger of the campaign or to become the main attraction , he probably will not be effective . Based on the history , and the limited assistance vice presidential candidates can provide , what Romney needs is for Ryan to strengthen his central message , namely that he has more economic expertise than President Obama , to convince right-wing as well as Rust Belt Republicans that Romney would be a good president and to be able to engage in the kinds of tougher attacks that conservatives are clamoring for , the kinds of attacks Vice President Biden has proven quite adept at handling for Democrats . Anything more probably wo n't work , anything less will be a bust . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Mitt Romney made what some see as a bold choice in Paul Ryan Many believe McCain 's choice of Palin in 2008 helped torpedo his chances , Zelizer says But it is important to remember how many VP picks have helped the ticket , he says Zelizer : Romney could use a boost , since he 's 7 points behind Obama in the latest CNN poll
CNN  -- Drake 's "  Worst Behavior " paid off at 2014 's BET Hip Hop Awards . The Toronto rapper took home two awards at Tuesday night 's pre-taped ceremony , including album of the year for his 2013 release , "  Nothing Was the Same . " He was competing against Eminem 's "  The Marshall Mathers LP 2 " ; Future 's "  Honest " ; Rick Ross ' "  Mastermind " ; Schoolboy Q 's "  Oxymoron " ; and Yo Gotti 's "  I Am . " The rapper/actor was n't the night 's top winner , however : That title went to DJ Mustard , who could lay claim to the track of the year as the producer of rapper YG 's "  My Hitta . " Kendrick Lamar was also granted the recognition he controversially lost out on at the Grammy Awards this year . The California MC was honored with the title of Lyricist of the Year and Best Featured Verse for his mic-dropping rhymes on "  Control . " This year 's Hip Hop Awards were hosted by Snoop  who had a little digital dustup with new artist winner Iggy Azalea  and featured a tribute to hip-hop icon Doug E. Fresh , who gave a heartfelt and heartbreaking acceptance speech , and a throwback performance of Brandy 's 1994 debut single , "  I Wan na Be Down . " Here 's the full list of winners : Best Hip Hop Video "  Worst Behavior , " Drake Best Collabo , Duo or Group "  My Hitta , " YG feat . Jeezy and Rich Homie Quan Best Live Performer Kanye West Lyricist of the Year Kendrick Lamar Video Director of the Year Hype Williams DJ of the Year DJ Mustard Producer of the Year DJ Mustard MVP of the Year DJ Mustard Track of the Year "  My Hitta , " produced by DJ Mustard Album of the Year "  Nothing Was The Same , " Drake Who Blew Up Award Iggy Azalea Hustler of the Year Dr. Dre Made-You-Look Award  Best Hip Hop Style Nicki Minaj Best Hip Hop Online Site WorldStarHipHop.com Best Club Banger "  Move That Doh , " Future feat . Pharrell , Pusha T & Casino Best Mixtape "  28 Grams , " Wiz Khalifa Sweet 16 : Best Featured Verse "  Control , " Kendrick Lamar Impact Track "  Kingdom , " Common feat . Vince Staples People 's Champ Award Drake , "  Worst Behavior "	The 2014 BET Hip Hop Awards aired Tuesday Drake and Kendrick Lamar each earned two honors DJ Mustard was the biggest winner of the night with four
CNN  -- The slayings of Israeli and Palestinian teens during the summer was a bloody precursor to the Gaza-Israeli conflict that took more than 2,000 lives . Now , once more , children on both sides have lost their lives violently , rending hearts and stoking resentment . One of those killed was a kindergartner , another a baby , both run down by motorists last week . And on Sunday , Palestinians lay to rest a teenage boy with U.S. roots , whom the Israel Defense Forces shot and killed in the West Bank on Friday , according to the U.S. State Department . In Ramallah , Palestinians are angry and are expected to take their grief to the streets marching beside the casket of Orwa Hammad , 14 , whose father lives in New Orleans , where he also spent a year , according to The Times-Picayune newspaper . Clashes , gunfire The teen died in clashes in the town of Silwad on Friday , the State Department said . The IDF said an "  attack was prevented " when the military fired upon a male hurling a Molotov cocktail on a main road with traffic . They have not identified the deceased . Hammad 's father got on a plane the day he died to go be at his funeral . Hammad 's uncle Hakeem Khalek , back in New Orleans , feels the odds were stacked against him . Boys throwing objects are no match for soldiers ' bullets , he told the Picayune . "  This all happens overseas , where kids throw rocks at military jeeps . And of course the Israeli army returned fire  and  we 're not talking rubber bullets , " he said . Innocents on both sides A week ago , an Israeli settler ran over and killed a Palestinian kindergarten girl and seriously injured another child . The official Palestinian news agency , WAFA , said it was deliberate . Israeli police say they are investigating . Three days later , a Palestinian man drove his car into commuters at a rail stop in Jerusalem . It rammed a baby carriage with a 3-month-old inside . She died . She was an American citizen , the State Department said . Driver Abdelrahman al-Shaludi then fled on foot , and police gunned him down . He later died of his wounds in an Israeli hospital . He rammed the commuters intentionally as an act of terror , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . Cruel dj vu Children also paid the price of tensions between Israelis and Palestinians before this summer 's armed conflict . The bodies of three Israel teens kidnapped in the West Bank in June were found charred . Hamas leaders later said that some of its militants had killed Eyal Yifrach , 19 ; Gilad Shaar , 16 ; and Naftali Frankel , who was a 16-year-old dual U.S.-Israeli citizen . The militants had done this without their knowledge , Hamas said . Then three Israelis allegedly killed Palestinian youth Mohammed Abu Khedair , 16 , in July out of revenge for the Israeli boys ' deaths , Israeli prosecutors said . They abducted , beat and strangled Khedair , then burned him to death after he fell unconscious . It was "  only because he was an Arab , " Jerusalem 's district attorney said . The three have been indicted . Khedair 's Palestinian-American cousin , Tariq Abu Khdeir , of Florida , received a beating from Israeli police after clashes sometime after the slaying . One of the officers was suspended from duty . Tensions mounted in the wake of the killings . Israeli airstrikes and Gazan rocket fire followed . Seven weeks of heavy fighting ensued , with more than 2,000 Palestinians killed and 67 deaths on the Israeli side . CNN 's Joshua Berlinger , Karen Smith , Erin McLaughlin , Tal Heinrich , Ben Wedeman and Josh Levs contributed to this report	A baby in Israel , a Palestinian kindergartner and an American-Palestinian youth killed last week It 's a dj vu of the killings of youths before the Israeli-Gaza conflict this past summer Back then , three Jewish teens were found killed A Palestinian youth was burned to death in what Israeli prosecutors have called a revenge killing
CNN  -- As has frequently been the case in the last two-and-a-half years , I found myself this past weekend caught in an intense conversation about the ongoing civil war in Syria . This time it was with a supporter of the al-Assad government . He was relentless , insisting that there was no choice but victory , at any cost , especially since the government has been facing foreign fighters from "  83 countries . " It 's a common refrain I 've heard in different variations from all sides of the conflict -- there is no choice but victory . As the world debates the efficacy of a military strike against the al-Assad government in response to its use of chemical weapons on civilians , the fighting on the ground shows no signs of abating . It is clear that the Syrian people are caught between a zero-sum political game being played by the regime and rebels , and their respective backers . Despite lofty rhetoric from a number of countries , diplomatic efforts towards a political solution could have been more vigorous . Opinion : Syria a distraction from real U.S. challenges Calling for an immediate cease-fire on all sides is the only path towards peace . But will the United States and other key players go down that road ? The Syrian uprising began in March 2011 , partly in response to the imprisonment and brutal treatment of teenagers in the southern city of Daraa , who had tagged some buildings with anti-government graffiti . Initially , the protesters avoided mentioning dictator Bashar al-Assad by name . But the demonstrations quickly intensified in the face of continued government crackdowns . By August of the same year , over 2,000 Syrians had been killed and the security apparatus of the regime was out in full force , attempting to crush any dissent , peaceful or otherwise through the dastardliest of means . It was no surprise then that the standoff turned violent , as ragtag militias formed to contest government forces . Soon , there was an influx of weapons from neighboring Iraq and distant Libya , as well as foreign reinforcements on the side of the fragmented rebel fighters . By the spring of 2012 , the conflict had clearly transformed into a civil war . Since then , the violence has only escalated and the death toll climbed , as the battles have moved from city to city across the country . Entire neighborhoods in Homs , Aleppo , Hama , and elsewhere have been destroyed to rubble . Four questions for backers of Syria mission The al-Assad government ultimately bears responsibility for the conflict and most of the deaths . However , both sides have committed crimes against humanity . With over 100,000 Syrians dead and millions more displaced internally or as refugees in neighboring countries , the United States , Britain , Russia , China and others have mostly looked on . Instead of bringing the contesting forces to the table to force them to a solution , the United States and Russia and their regional allies continue to send money and arms into the conflict . When was the last time President Obama called for an immediate cease-fire ? When was the last time that the U.S. and Russia said simply and with integrity : Stop the violence . Opinion : A U.S. strike would be self-wounding This call has been missing for fear it could undermine the rebels  or for Russia , the regime  . Nowhere was this more apparent than in the battle for Qusayr , which unfolded in front of the world 's eyes earlier in the summer , with Hezbollah forces buttressing the al-Assad regime on one side and foreign fighters helping the opposition on the other side . The United Nation envoys , including Kofi Annan and Lakdar Brahimi , have tried to facilitate talks , but with little result , mostly because they were sent to Syria with their hands tied behind their back . Without the political backing from the permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , what authority could their initiatives have ? We can not give up on the political process and negotiations , even if the U.S. carries out a military strike , even if there are countless bombings in coming weeks , and even if we can only achieve a brief reprieve from the violence . Opinion : On Syria , Obama must show strong grip We need to revisit the Geneva discussions , which began in 2012 and outlined roughly a "  transition plan . " There 's also the oft-touted Geneva 2 meeting -- which has yet to be scheduled -- where a future power-sharing agreement in Syria would be discussed . The Geneva 2 meeting would bring together key constituents , including the rebels and the regime . While this process , held under the auspices of the U.N. , is far from perfect and may well be a long shot , it offers the best chance towards a political solution to the Syrian conflict . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Taufiq Rahim .	Taufiq Rahim : The world is debating whether military action in Syria makes sense Rahim : Calling for an immediate cease-fire on all sides is the only path to peace He says the Geneva 2 meeting would bring together the rebels and the regime for talks Rahim : The best chance for a solution to the Syrian conflict is through negotiations
CNN  -- At "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " celebrity presenters and performers help shine the spotlight on 10 everyday people whose extraordinary accomplishments are making a difference in their communities and beyond . Some of the celebrities involved in this year 's show shared their thoughts about what it was like to help celebrate the Heroes . Jon Bon Jovi At this year 's show , Bon Jovi and his band performed "  What Do You Got ? " -- a new song from their greatest-hits album that came out last month . "  As a performer , I am often asked to sing at television award shows , " Bon Jovi said . "  But none was more exciting than participating in CNN Heroes . To be able to help shine a light on those who give so much of themselves -- with no agenda other than helping others -- is most humbling . Again , thanks , CNN , for airing this inspiring tribute to real Heroes . " Holly Robinson Peete Robinson Peete was a member of the blue-ribbon panel that helped select the top 10 CNN Heroes this year . "  I look so forward to attending every year , " she said . "  Heroes has so much heart . Being on the blue-ribbon judges panel again , I got a chance to really know so much about each Hero . And then I get star-struck when I finally get to see them in person . "  Every year , Heroes is just food for your soul . But this year , cold opening the show with the Chilean miners ? What a way to set the tone . The room was indescribable . " Sugarland Jennifer Nettles and Kristian Bush , also known as the country music duo Sugarland , performed "  Stand Up " at this year 's show . The song is from their album "  The Incredible Machine , " which made its debut in October . "  In a time where the news can feel only negative , it is refreshing and realistic to celebrate these wonderful people and the kindness they are bestowing on the world , " Nettles said . "  Now , more than ever , we need the message that the show Heroes shares . "  Performing on the show was such a beautiful moment of communion with the audience . I can only hope that the audience at home is inspired to stand up and step toward helping those in need . The world may never be perfect , but it can always be better . Heroes shows how these people do make it better . I want to be a part of that . " Bush said : "  Being a part of this show is a true honor . Hearing the stories of these Heroes -- and how their choices change so many lives on a daily basis -- humbles me . They give me faith that humans on earth do have within them the goodness and strength to stand up and change the things that are wrong and make them better . " LL Cool J Actor and rap pioneer LL Cool J presented a CNN Heroes award this year to Linda Fondren , who has helped residents of her Mississippi town lose nearly 15,000 pounds . "  The CNN Heroes show was one of the most amazing experiences I 've ever had , " he said . "  Everyday people doing extraordinary things for those in need . They are n't just CNN Heroes , they are CNN Superheroes ! " Common and Melanie Fiona Along with John Legend , Common and Fiona performed "  Wake Up Everybody " at this year 's show . "  When I initially arrived to the event , I just did not know it was going to be that special , " Common said . "  But as soon as I stepped out on that red carpet and began to hear some of the stories about human beings around the world , I began to realize that this event could be actually life-fulfilling . And it truly was . The stories of the Heroes really inspired my life and made me want to be a better person . To CNN Heroes and all the heroic human beings in the world , I thank you ! " Fiona said : "  CNN Heroes is a television event that everyone needs to see . As an artist , I root myself in making music with a message and feel so blessed and honored to be a part of something this special . I hope people are as moved and inspired as I am . Cheers to all the amazing people dedicated to promoting love and positive change in our world . "	Every year , celebrities come out to help recognize CNN Heroes making a difference Bon Jovi : No awards show is more exciting than CNN Heroes Robinson Peete : "  Heroes is just food for your soul "
CNN  -- If I had to pick the most important moves of 2014 , I would put Russian President Vladimir Putin 's flouting of international law and European security norms near the top . His swift annexation of Crimea -- despite a 1994 treaty signed by Russia and Western allies to guarantee Ukraine 's territorial integrity -- as well as his military intervention and support for pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine have destabilized the continent . But Putin 's moves on the European chessboard are now checkmating Russia , too . The year ended with the country in financial chaos , because of Western sanctions over Ukraine , the falling price of oil and Central Bank missteps . The slavish pro-Putin propaganda and the stifling of an independent press had brought nationalist fervor to fever pitch and put the majority of Russians behind him , but when their ruble and their living standards started to collapse by year 's end , the grumbling also started . How much political trouble will this spell for Putin ? Will he double down and seek more diversionary foreign  mis  adventures , or will he try to address Russia 's isolation , abide by the ceasefire he signed recently for eastern Ukraine , start getting sanctions unraveled and his economy back on track ? 2015 is a year to watch for Russia 's next moves . Similarly , Russia could also change tactics and play a constructive role in the horrendous disaster that is Syria . Over nearly four years of war , Russia has given Bashar al-Assad political cover , while Iran has provided most of the Syrian leader 's military muscle . More than 200,000 people have now been killed , while the United Nations says there are now more than 3.2 million registered refugees . And this year , there was the horrible evidence of al-Assad 's torture and death squads , as reported on my show . After years of the United States and its allies refusing to intervene in Syria , the big winner of 2014 in that region has been the brutal Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . The rise of ISIS was largely ignored until it swept into Mosul in Iraq and started the gruesome public beadings of journalist colleagues in the summer . The brutal executions of James Foley , Steven Sotloff and aid workers Alan Henning and Peter Kassig did serve to increase airstrikes and efforts that have somewhat halted the momentum of ISIS . And by the end of 2014 , a new government in Iraq , trying to be more inclusive , had taken encouraging first steps . But the challenge for 2015 remains that few believe ISIS will be stopped , that Iraq will be saved , or that the Syrian war will end until al-Assad leaves power , as President Barack Obama demanded back in 2011 . At the end of yet another year of war there , Valerie Amos , the U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief coordinator , told me the lack of a political resolution and the continuing carnage is a stain on the international community . In his own hemisphere , Obama took bold executive action and formally declared America 's isolation of Cuba to be a bankrupt policy that just has n't worked . After a half-century of trying to overthrow the Castros with things like the Bay of Pigs fiasco , exploding cigars and even an attempt to infiltrate Cuba 's hip-hop scene , Obama threw up America 's hands the week before Christmas and announced the United States would be changing tack . It would now engage with Cuba , like allies in Latin America , Canada and Europe . The President said the two countries would restore diplomatic ties as well as major increases in trade and travel . President Raul Castro , for his part , thanked Pope Francis for his help in pushing the two sides together . However , 2015 will likely be marked by a furious backlash inside Congress , where Republican opponents can be expected to use their new majority to try to block any new U.S. ambassador to Cuba , refuse funding and especially refuse to lift the embargo . Yet the question remains how much a new generation of Cuban-Americans will appreciate this ? After all , demographics have changed , and they are much more eager to engage than their parents , grandparents and the remaining hard-liners in Congress .	Christiane Amanpour picks her big three global news stories for 2014 She cites the Russia-Ukraine crisis , the Syrian conflict , changes in U.S.-Cuba relations Amanpour : 2015 will be partly shaped by response to Russia , Syria , Cuba stories of this year
Hong Kong  CNN  A Hong Kong housewife has been found guilty of imprisoning and abusing a young Indonesian maid whose case has prompted protests and calls for reform of the city 's laws governing domestic workers . Over several months last year , Erwiana Sulistyaningsih was kept as a prisoner in the home of Law Wan-tung , a 44-year-old mother of two who regularly deprived her of food , sleep and payment for long hours of grueling work . After the verdict , Erwiana thanked her supporters and called for the governments of Hong Kong and Indonesia to do more to protect the rights of migrant workers . "  What I hope together with my fellow domestic workers are just fair and humane treatment and for people to stop treating us like slaves , " she said . Law was convicted of grievous bodily harm , common assault , and failing to pay Erwiana 's wages or give her statutory rest days . Sentencing has been deferred until February 27 to give the defense time to compile character references and psychological reports . In delivering her verdict , Judge Amanda Woodcock described the 23-year-old victim as "  a simple young lady who tried to financially better her life and that of her family . " She said Erwiana had no reason to fabricate the evidence , and that the abuse had been so frequent and over such a long period of time , it was reasonable that the young maid might not be able to recall specific dates . Woodcock said Erwiana thought she was under surveillance at all times , and believed Law 's threats that her family would be killed if she told anyone about the abuse . "  They made her compliant and more subservient , " Woodcock said . Erwiana started work in Law 's home in May 2013 . However , within one month she tried to escape because she had n't been paid her wages . The court heard she called the building 's security guard who contacted her agency . Later , an Indonesian woman turned up and took her back to the flat , saying there was no need to find a new employer . That 's when the physical abuse started . It began with punches , then progressed to beatings with a mop handle , coat hangers , and the rod from a vacuum cleaner . By the following January , she had become too weak to work and was escorted to the airport with a one-way ticket by her employer , who told her to wear a diaper because she was too ill to stand . "  Law  asked me to put on six layers of clothes and two pairs of pants , " Erwiana told the court . " She also asked me to wear Pampers because I was unable to go to the toilet because I was very weak . She put make up on me so I do n't look like someone who 'd just been tortured . " She also repeated threats to kill her parents if she told anyone of the abuse , Erwiana said . Even before the trial , Erwiana 's case became a cause celebre for campaigners who say that Hong Kong rules dictating that domestic workers reside at their employers ' homes expose hundreds of thousands of foreign workers -- mostly women -- to potential abuse . Last April , Erwiana was named by Time magazine as one of the world 's 100 most influential people , which commended her bravery for drawing attention to "  the plight of a vulnerable often invisible population . " The Hong Kong government started allowing foreign domestic helpers to work in the Chinese territory in the 1970s to fill a shortage of local staff . Now , around 320,000 come here from Indonesia and the Philippines , as well as other Asian countries , to earn more money than they could at home . Many who come via agencies direct from their home countries do n't meet their employer before signing a two-year contract requiring them to live and work in their homes . They 're paid a minimum wage of HK$ 4,110  $ 530  a month and by law are only entitled to one day off a week . After the verdict , Amnesty International said the case should serve as a "  wake-up call " for the government to stop the "  widespread exploitation " of domestic workers . "  The Hong Kong authorities can no longer bury their heads in the sand and dismiss horrific abuses as isolated incidents , " said Norma Kang Muico , Amnesty 's Asia-Pacific migrant rights researcher . Amnesty says workers are under pressure to stay in abusive situations because Hong Kong law demands they leave the city within two weeks of terminating their contract , if they ca n't find a new job . During the trial , Erwiana told the court the only time she was allowed to rest was between 1 p.m. and 6 p.m. . She was made to clean doors at 3 a.m. , she said , so the neighbors did n't see her . Desperately hungry , on one occasion she said she knocked on a neighbor 's door and asked for food . He immediately shut it . Erwiana said Law 's children overheard and told their mother who then threatened her again . Erwiana slept on the floor , moving the vacuum cleaner and bags of books to make room to lie down when permitted . By day , she was so tired that on at least one occasion she fell asleep while doing the vacuuming . Her employer , Law , grabbed the vacuum , she said , and shoved it in her mouth , twisting it so the metal tube cut her lips and her "  mouth was bleeding . " Another time when she fell asleep while vacuuming , Erwiana said Law stripped her in the bathroom and sprayed her with cold water . When the water was turned off , she was forced to stand naked in front of a fan . After one to two hours , she was allowed to dress and resume work , the court heard . Law and Erwiana were not the only ones living in the flat during the abuse . Law 's two children -- her 18-year-old son Edmund Tsui Wing-kit and 16-year-old daughter referred to only as "  Kelly " to protect her identity -- provided no evidence against their mother . Tsui testified that she was "  gentle " to maids . His sister said she did n't pay much attention . Erwiana said Law 's husband was never there and she had only seen old wedding photos of him in the flat . During questioning by the defense , Erwiana became upset when it was suggested she was making up the threats . Why did n't she call for help ? Erwiana said it was because she was n't let out , her passport had been taken , and she feared that Law would make good on her threats to kill her family . She tried to escape twice ; both attempts failed . Her employer watched her every move , she said , even on CCTV via her mobile phone when she was n't there . Indonesian maid says she was tortured with vacuum cleaner Two other domestic workers were involved in the case , who alleged they too were the victims of assault and criminal intimidation while working in Law 's home . Judge Woodcock found Law guilty of assaulting and threatening Tutik Lestari Ningsih sometime between April 2010 and March 2011 . However , she found Law not guilty of the same offenses against another domestic worker , Nurhasanah , dating back to late 2011 . Despite abuses , foreign domestic workers still flock to Hong Kong When Erwiana 's employer escorted her to the airport in early January 2014 , other Indonesian women noticed her condition and pressed her to tell them what had happened . One of them , Riyanti , told CNN Erwiana tried to blame her scarred and blackened skin on allergies , before admitting , "  I was tortured . " Erwiana 's claims led to protests in Hong Kong , demands for justice and calls for the law to be changed to allow domestic foreign workers to live outside their employers ' home . After the verdict , Erwiana said she would n't be returning to Hong Kong and to her former life as a maid . "  My body is not as strong anymore . Being a domestic helper is heavy work that needs strength and energy , " she said . She said she 's been offered a scholarship to a private university and plans to finish school , with the aim of helping other victims of abuse . "  I have a dream of putting up a foundation that will help other migrant workers , " she said . Cousin tells of Filipino maid 's horrific burns CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Judge said she believed Erwiana Sulistyaningsih was kept prisoner in her employers ' home Law Wan-tung found guilty of grievous bodily harm , assault and failing to pay wages Erwiana was sacked and escorted to the airport after becoming too weak to work
All antidepressant drugs are not created equal , according to the authors of one of the few studies that have ever systematically analyzed and compared "  new generation " medicines for treating depression . What qualities are important in an anti-depressant ? Efficacy ? Tolerance ? Side effects ? Cost ? In the analysis of 12 drugs , two came out on top as the most effective and best tolerated as first-line treatments : sertraline  Zoloft  and escitalopram  Lexapro  . Venlafaxine  Effexor  and mirtazapine  Remeron  rounded out the top four for effectiveness , but venlafaxine was also among the four drugs patients were most likely to quit taking because of side effects . Reboxetine  Edronax  was less effective than the rest . While psychiatrists treating depressed patients every day have had a sense of which medications are best , the current study "  nails it , " says Sagar V. Parikh , M.D. , of the University of Toronto . Parikh , who wrote a comment accompanying the study that is published in the current issue of The Lancet , says the findings have "  enormous implications " because , for the first time , they offer doctors an evidence-based , unbiased way to recommend treatment . And , he adds , they give patients a "  gold standard of reliable information , " especially since the study 's authors plan to make their findings available free on the Web . Not so fast , says Gerald Gartlehner , M.D. , M.P.H. , who coauthored a review of the benefits and risks of the same 12 drugs published last November in the Annals of Internal Medicine . He and his colleagues concluded , based on their review done while Gartlehner was at the RTI-UNC Evidence-Based Practice Center in Chapel Hill , North Carolina. , that there was no clinically meaningful evidence that any one of the drugs was better than the rest . Instead , they argued , decisions on which drug to use should be based on factors such as cost and side effects . In the current study , Andrea Cipriani , M.D. , of the University of Verona in Italy , and colleagues used a new technique called multiple-treatments meta-analysis to make head-to-head comparisons among the 12 drugs , incorporating 117 randomized controlled trials including 25,928 patients in all . There has been little scientific evidence of the relative effectiveness of these drugs , because most studies compare one against a handful of others or a placebo , and are often funded by the maker of a particular drug , which can bias the findings in its favor , the researchers note . Health.com : How to brighten your winter mood They used two measurements to gauge a drug 's effectiveness and tolerability : the percentage of patients who showed at least a 50 percent improvement in their symptoms as measured by one of two scales , or who scored "  much improved or very much improved " after eight weeks of treatment  or from six to twelve weeks if eight-week data were n't available  and the percentage of patients who dropped out of the study before eight weeks for any reason . The 12 drugs included bupropion , citalopram , duloxetine , escitalopram , fluoxetine , fluvoxamine , milnacipran , mirtazapine , paroxetine , reboxetine , sertraline , and venlafaxine . The authors did not use any funding from drug manufacturers to conduct their study . "  This is an unbiased approach to combining the maximum possible data and comparing a large number of drugs rather than one versus a select handful , so there 's much more confidence in these findings , " says Parikh . Basically , Parikh explains , Cipriani and colleagues were able to make comparisons among drugs that had n't been studied head-to-head by using their effectiveness as compared with Prozac -- the best studied of these drugs -- as a kind of common currency . "  There are limitations to the indirect approach used -- nonetheless , we think its the best available at present . The analysis will need to be updated regularly to include all new upcoming evidence , " Cipriani and coauthor John Geddes , M.D. , director of the Centre for Evidence-Based Mental Health at the University of Oxford in the United Kingdom , said via e-mail . The findings do n't mean that everyone should be put on Zoloft or Lexapro , and they should n't be seen as suggesting that people who are on other drugs should go off them , Cipriani and Geddes say . Health.com : 3 signs you should stop , adjust , or switch antidepressants While it 's good to have choices available since not everyone will benefit from a particular drug , there also seem to be a lot of "  me too " products out there that offer no additional benefit but cost more , the authors add . They suggest that future studies should compare new antidepressants with sertraline , rather than to a placebo or a cherry-picked selection of other drugs . "  Requiring new treatments to show either greater efficacy or acceptability than an existing standard therapy would serve as a disincentive to the development of me-too agents that offer little to patients other than increased costs , " they write . But according to Gartlehner , who is now with the Danube University in Krems , Austria , the approach Cipriani et . al. used has "  serious downsides " that they did not acknowledge . Also , he argues , their use of odds ratios rather than relative risks led to overestimations of the differences among the various drugs . Health.com : Head-to-toe solutions for stress "  Most of these differences are statistically significant , but they 're probably not clinically relevant , " Gartlehner said . "  It 's quite a stretch to say that ... clinically important differences exist between commonly prescribed antidepressants . " He and his colleagues did see differences among the drugs in side-effect profiles that could in fact be relevant to patients , Gartlehner said , and he argues that the finding that venlaxafine caused more nausea and vomiting while sertraline was associated with diarrhea , as well as the fact that some drugs must be taken several times a day while others can be taken less often , are important considerations , along with cost . But for Parikh , the differences in effectiveness and tolerability that Cipriani identified can make a real difference to patients . "  The magnitude of these differences is not huge in terms of effectiveness . It 's genuine , but it 's modest , " Parikh said . "  You can say to a patient , ` Do you want the strongest possible drug or do you want the one that 's least likely to give you side effects , or do you want some balance ? ' " Health.com : Boost your mood naturally He added , "  It allows a dialogue to say , ` What suits you ? ' And if you 're able to engage a patient in that dialogue , there 's a much better chance of a patient sticking to that treatment because they 've been able to tailor that treatment to their individual preference . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	According to analysis of "  new generation " antidepressants , some are more effective Since few head-to-head studies exists , researchers used Prozac as benchmark Cost , side effects should be considered as well , argues another reseacher
CNN  -- An unofficial watch group is forming in a central Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , neighborhood , residents say , in an effort to protect themselves against a serial strangler responsible for at least three homicides . The 12-member unit has been patrolling the city 's rough-and-tumble Kensington district since Friday , two days after the partially clothed body of the latest victim , Casey Mahoney , was discovered . "  We are warning residents to go out in pairs , " said group organizer Tom Potts . "  I 've been talking to women in the area . Most are carrying pepper spray . " One of women has been walking with an electric stun gun , he added . Police are also trying to determine whether three strangulation assaults that occurred in the same area are also linked to the suspected killer . The victims were all white females , police said . Potts said the neighborhood group walks up and down Kensington Avenue and nearby streets each night in the drugs - and prostitution-riddled neighborhood . Their actions come as police ask residents for information of those involved in the attacks , but also warn the public against taking matters into their own hands . "  We are cautioning people to wait and get the person identified , " said police spokesman Ray Evers . "  We need the public to be our eyes , " he said , warning against the potential dangers of vigilante action . Some residents are pairing up when walking at night . "  I 've never felt safe alone , " said Arianna Hall-Reinhard . The 22-year-old Kensington resident says she carries pepper spray and joins friends when she heads home from work . "  It 's a whole new level of having to be aware , " she said . Others have taken to social media , joining a Facebook page called "  Catch the Kensington Strangler , before he catches someone you love . " The page featured an incorrect sketch of the suspected killer , prompting police to contact the site , Evers said . Elaine Goldberg , 21 , and Nicole Piacentini , 35 , were both killed in November attacks . Mahoney had been sexually assaulted and strangled on December 15 , said police spokeswoman Jillian Russell . DNA has linked the slayings of three women , and authorities are offering a $ 30,000 reward for information leading to arrests and convictions , said task force Capt. James Clark . "  We now know that this predator is responsible for three murders in this area , " he said . Authorities say they believe the attacker likely is still in the 10-block radius where the attacks occurred . "  It 's time to bring this offender to justice , " Police Commissioner Charles H. Ramsey told reporters . "  Help us stop this brutal violence from occurring in the future . " But authorities say they lack corroborating DNA evidence linking the assaults to the homicides because too much time had elapsed between the initial two assaults in October and when the victims notified police . "  The assault victims did not come forward until police began combing the Kensington  neighborhood  for suspects and potential victims following the November homicides , " Evers said . Federal agents joined the investigation earlier this month , bringing in resources from the FBI 's behavioral analysis unit , violent criminal apprehension program , and National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime . "  The investigation appears to be limited to Philadelphia , " said FBI spokesman J.J. Klaver . "  This could change if there are any indications that the subject or subjects responsible for the crimes ... are linked to similar crimes elsewhere . " The assault victims described the attacker as an African-American male in his early 20s , weighing between 160 and 170 pounds . Police said a third assault victim was pulled into an alley earlier this month . Despite being choked , punched and hit on the head with a brick , the 33-year-old woman escaped , and her assailant fled the scene , according to a police report . All victims were involved in prostitution and narcotics , police said .	A resident watch group is forming to protect a neighborhood from a serial killer The 12-member unit has been patrolling Philadelphia 's Kensington district since Friday Philadelphia police are looking for a serial strangler responsible for at least 3 homicides Police are investigating three recent assaults suspected to be linked to the killings
CNN  -- Police in New Brunswick scoured overnight for a man they say fatally shot three of their officers and wounded two others in the Canadian province . "  Shooter still believed to be in Pinehurst Subdivision area of Moncton . Stay locked inside . Leave outdoor lights on , " the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in New Brunswick tweeted early Thursday morning . Police sent other warnings Wednesday night to those in Moncton , a city of just over 100,000 people some 90 miles  150 kilometers  northeast of St. John and 150 miles north of Halifax . "  Stay safe . Motorist stay away from area , " another tweet read . The RCMP has identified the suspect as 24-year-old Justin Bourque , warning that the Moncton resident should be considered armed and dangerous . It posted a photograph of a man dressed in fatigues , carrying what appeared to be a rifle . "  The RCMP received a call at 7:20 p.m. Atlantic Time of a man wearing camouflage clothing , carrying firearms , and walking into the woods , " Staff Sgt. Julie Gagnon said . She said the three officers killed were from the RCMP 's Codiac regional office in New Brunswick . Helicopters were flying over the neighborhood , according to Isabelle LeBlanc , spokeswoman for the City of Moncton . She lives in the area that is currently on lockdown . All entrances to the neighborhood are blocked off , she said . Her husband has not been able to reach their home . She said some buses have been pulled off the road because of the concern for public safety . At least two people who suffered gunshot wounds and were taken to The Moncton Hospital , health authority spokeswoman Carolyn McCormack said . The hospital later added that a third gunshot victim had been admitted . It was not immediately clear if those were among the five police officers who have been shot , including three fatally . "  The hospital  is restricting visitors to those with critically ill family members , " an affiliated Facebook page noted . "  All others are asked to refrain from visiting at this time . " Stabbed Wisconsin girl improving , family says Shooter on the loose after killing 3 officers in Canada CNN 's Kevin Conlon , AnneClaire Stapleton , Elizabeth Landers and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	"  Stay locked inside . Leave outdoor lights on , " police tell residents late Wednesday night Police say the shooter is believed to be in a subdivision in Moncton 3 officers are killed , 2 sustained non-life-threatening injuries , police say The suspect is Justin Bourque ; police release photo of armed man in fatigues
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton claimed victory in Pennsylvania on Tuesday , beating out Sen. Barack Obama after a bruising six-week campaign . Sen. Hillary Clinton addresses supporters following her win in Pennsylvania . "  It 's a long road to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue , and it runs right through the heart of Pennsylvania , " she told supporters in Philadelphia . "  I 'm in this race to fight for you ... You know you can count on me to stand up strong for you every single day in the White House . " Clinton commended Obama and his campaign , saying the two are in many ways "  on this journey together . " Watch Clinton claim victory " Clinton 's big-state victory follows her wins in Ohio , New York , Texas and California . Her campaign said that should raise questions about whether Obama , who leads Clinton in the overall Democratic race , can beat presumptive Republican nominee John McCain in November . "  The tide is turning , " Clinton told cheering supporters . Chelsea Clinton 's eyes welled with tears as she watched her mother speak . With about 99 percent of precincts reporting , Clinton was leading Obama by 10 points . Watch what Obama 's campaign says about the results " Clinton will pick up a majority of the state 's 158 delegates . "  Yesterday , we had record turnout in Pennsylvania , " she said on CNN 's "  American Morning " Wednesday . "  I won that double-digit victory that everybody on TV said I had to win , and the voters of Pennsylvania clearly made their views known -- that they think I would be the best president and the better candidate to go against Sen. McCain . "  It was inspiring and so exciting because this has been a six-week campaign , one on one . Voters got to look at both of us , consider both of us . I was outspent three to one , and the results were just enormously exciting and gratifying to me . " But the win still leaves Obama ahead in the race to the Democrats ' August convention in Denver , and he is likely to hold that lead unless "  the wheels come off his wagon , " said CNN analyst David Gergen , a former adviser to both Republican and Democratic candidates . "  He came up short , but it does n't look like the wheels came off , " Gergen said . "  That 's going to be her problem . I do n't see her way to the nomination . The wheels are n't coming off the wagon unless there is some new , big revelation . " According to CNN 's latest count , Obama leads in the delegate count -- 1,694 to 1,556 . He also leads in the popular vote and the number of states won so far this primary season . See how the delegate race has played out so far CNN analyst and Clinton supporter Paul Begala said Clinton still scored "  an extraordinary victory " in Pennsylvania . Obama congratulated Clinton on her win and looked ahead to the May 6 contests in North Carolina and Indiana . Watch Obama congratulate Clinton " "  There were a lot of folks who did n't think we could make this a race when it started , " he said in Evansville , Indiana . "  But we worked hard ... And now , six weeks later , we closed the gap . We rallied people of every age and race and background to the cause . And whether they were inspired for the first time or for the first time in a long time , we registered a record number of voters , and it is those new voters who will lead our party to victory in November . " Obama drew more than 90 percent of the vote among Pennsylvania 's black voters , who are heavily concentrated around Philadelphia . African-Americans made up about 14 percent of Tuesday 's vote . But whites made up about 80 percent -- and voted 60-40 for Clinton . Her supporters turned out heavily in Pittsburgh and the counties of western Pennsylvania , and she was racking up similarly lopsided margins in the state 's industrial northeast , the exit polls found . See the exit polls Obama also scored big with new Democrats in Pennsylvania . One out of every seven Democratic party voters was not registered as a Democrat at the beginning of the year , and 60 percent of them cast their ballot for Obama , according to the exit polls . Clinton fared better with voters who made up their mind in the last week , the exit polls showed . Fifty-eight percent of those voters said they chose the New York senator . That includes voters who made up their mind in the aftermath of last week 's heated Democratic debate . Clinton also got the support of older voters , with 61 percent of those age 65 or older backing her , according to the polls . In recent weeks , Clinton fended off calls to drop out of the race as the increasingly bruising primary fight raised worries from within the party that the daily cycle of charge-and-countercharge could hurt the Democrats ' chances in the general election . Neither candidate is expected to win the 2,025 delegates needed to clinch the nomination by the end of the primary season in June . Call races for yourself and see how delegates add up " The superdelegates -- party leaders and officials -- then could decide the nomination . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Paul Steinhauser and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton : "  I won that double-digit victory that everybody on TV said I had to win " Clinton holds 10-point lead with about 99 percent of precincts reporting Obama congratulates Clinton , looks ahead to next contests 158 delegates at stake in Pennsylvania
CNN  -- A middle-of-the-night fight , a surprise pullout from the Grammy Awards , leaked photos , a police investigation -- new pieces of the puzzle of the alleged assault of pop singer Rihanna by her boyfriend Chris Brown have been emerging since early February . Singers Rihanna and Chris Brown , shown performing in December , are rumored to be back together . Then , nearly three weeks after the alleged battery , the couple was reportedly together again . The reconciliation was reported just days before Brown 's arraignment , which is expected Thursday in Los Angeles , California . Update : Chris Brown charged with two felonies Brown , 19 , has issued an apology for "  what transpired " but neither he nor Rihanna , who just turned 21 , has directly addressed the allegations . Many would ask why anyone would return to an abusive partner after leaving , but therapists who treat both abusers and victims say it 's common . The effect is like a "  pendulum of pain , " said Steven Stosny , counselor and founder of the anger and violence management program CompassionPower , which treats people convicted of abuse in the home . Abuse victims will "  leave out of either fear , anger or resentment , " he said . "  But then , after the fear , anger or resentment begins to subside , they feel guilt , shame , anxiety , and that takes them back . " After a violent incident , there is often a "  honeymoon period " during which the abuser may apologize profusely , give the victim gifts and persuade the victim to stay , experts say . But when that period is over , the abuser may once again become violent . Blog : The tangles of domestic abuse The reasons for returning to an abusive partner may relate to the days of early humans , who had to fend for themselves in the wild . The powerful psychological mechanisms that lead people to stay in abusive relationships may have developed for survival reasons , Stosny said . "  To leave an attachment relationship -- a relationship where there 's an emotional bond -- meant certain death by starvation or saber-tooth tiger , " he said . Abuse happens in both low-income and high-income couples , said Joanna Snawder , who counsels students and community members at the Metropolitan State College of Denver in Colorado . A wealthy woman who has never worked may not want to change her lifestyle , while a poor woman may be financially dependent on her boyfriend or husband . Regardless , women may not want to break off an abusive relationship because they are afraid to be independent , do n't know how to take care of themselves or do n't want to face shame from friends and family , she said . Sometimes the abuser can get his partner to stay with him through manipulation , for instance , telling a woman that he will kill himself if she leaves him , said Mark Crawford , a clinical psychologist based in Roswell , Georgia . Crawford has seen many women stay in relationships because they could n't bear the guilt of an outcome such as this . "  There are some women who need to be needed so badly they 'll put up with anything , " Crawford said . "  Even if the guy beats the crap out of them , they just feel that responsible for the other person . " The term "  the cycle of abuse " is often used to describe how coming from an abusive family is believed to make an individual more likely to be an abuser or to stay in an abusive relationship . "  Unless we do a lot of psychological work , we often repeat family structures and dynamics that seem normal to us , " Snawder said . On the other hand , some people who grow up in abusive households do not repeat the behavior they saw at home , she said . One student Snawder advises voluntarily went back to her abusive boyfriend after having a restraining order placed against him . They are together , but the man is assaulting the young woman again . "  It 's really important that a woman reach out and get support from friends , family or a counselor who can help her see that she does n't have to go back to that relationship , " she said . Men are n't always the abusers . There are relationships in which the woman is the abuser and the man is the victim , and all of the behavioral patterns happen in reverse . For instance , the woman makes the man feel like it 's his fault for being beaten , Crawford said . "  Those men just do n't have the sense of self to say ` This is not acceptable , ' " he said . Stosny 's celebrity clients who have been abusive to their romantic partners may have been negatively affected by their rise to fame early in life , he said . They see themselves as above others , and feel they are entitled to punch someone whenever they feel like it . "  I had one professional basketball player who sexually assaulted a girl . He really in his heart did n't believe that she did n't want to have sex with him , " Stosny said . Can there ever be a happy ending for an abusive relationship ? Experts agree that it 's unusual , but a relationship in which a partner has been violent can become healthy again if , and only if , the abusive person seeks counseling to change his or her mindset . "  If you do n't believe that you have a problem , and you believe the person drove you to it , you 're going to have a really hard time seeing that you have a problem , " Snawder said . In practice , however , the victim usually just needs to move on to someone else , she said .	Chris Brown and Rihanna are reportedly back together despite rumors he beat her A victim 's return to her abuser is common , therapists who treat both say Women who are beaten often feel overwhelming guilt , shame and anxiety Abuser may try to psychologically manipulate victim into thinking it 's her fault
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Justice Department and Seattle announced a settlement Friday over long-simmering allegations of excessive force by police officers . The agreement calls for a federal court-appointed monitor who will resolve disputes that might arise over the next several years , according to officials . The monitor will also be able to order changes in the reforms announced Friday , if necessary . "  This agreement represents a blueprint for reform , " said Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez , the nation 's chief civil rights official , who flew to Seattle to join city officials for the announcement . A series of allegations by minority groups that police were quick to resort to force in several instances prompted the Justice Department to launch an investigation . Some of the incidents were videotaped . Most prominent of the incidents was a case in which a wood-carver and member of "  First Nations " was shot and killed by a policeman . Totem carver John T. Williams was walking down a street with a piece of wood and small knife when he was ordered to drop the weapon . When he failed to respond immediately , he was fatally shot . That August 2010 incident prompted more than 30 organizations to demand a Justice Department investigation . Justice launched a probe that found in December 2011 that the Seattle police department had engaged in a "  pattern or practice " of excessive force . During bumpy negotiating sessions in which officials say Seattle officeholders argued over the agreement , the Justice Department set a July 31 deadline for a settlement , saying if they did not agree the federal government would sue the city . The last-minute deal Friday avoided that outcome . The Seattle settlement comes just days after the Justice Department announced a much broader deal with the city of New Orleans to try to root out deep-seated corruption in its police department . The Justice Department Civil Rights Division still has 15 other "  pattern or practice " investigations of police departments pending . The largest is Puerto Rico . Most of the others deal with small cities . A suit against Maricopa County , Arizona , alleging discrimination against Latino suspects is currently being challenged in a federal court .	Justice Department and Seattle announced a settlement Friday The settlement involves allegations of excessive force by the Seattle police The agreement calls for a federal court-appointed monitor who will resolve disputes , officials say
CNN  -- It was an odd sight in Ethiopia 's capital this week : a standing ovation for Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , the man whom Ethiopian forces had removed from power in neighboring Somalia two years ago . Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , Somalia 's new president , answers questions at the African Union summit in Addis Ababa . He once led the Islamic Courts Union , which ruled much of Somalia in 2006 before it was routed by the Ethiopians . Now , Ahmed is the leader of Somalia 's U.N.-backed transitional government -- and two days after his election to the post of president , he was welcomed with open arms at an African Union summit in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa . Two years after the invasion and the guerrilla war it provoked , Somalia has in some ways come full circle . Islamist militias control the country 's capital and other key cities ; the transitional government is trying to establish a foothold from outside the country ; and Ahmed -- commonly known as "  Sheikh Sharif " -- is in a position of power . But several analysts who have studied the region say the new government is in a much stronger position to establish itself inside Somalia and restore order to a country that has been mired in chaos for the past two decades . "  The ascendancy of Sheikh Sharif provides an opportunity to create an inclusive coalition governing from the center outwards , " said John Prendergast , co-chairman of the Enough Project , who studies the Horn of Africa for the Center for American Progress think tank . The transitional government is currently stranded in Djibouti , unable to return to Somalia after its base in Baidoa was seized last week by Al-Shabaab , a radical Islamist militia with ties to al Qaeda . Ahmed now stands at a crossroads between quelling the militia , which once was aligned with the ICU , and including more moderates in his future government , Prendergast said . "  The fulcrum for change is in the hands of Sheikh Sharif 's government , " he said . "  If he is able to put together an inclusive government -- even if it 's only on paper , even if it 's only in Djibouti -- I think it will quickly defuse any fervor of support for Shabaab . " See a list of Somalia 's key players " Rise of Al-Shabaab Al-Shabaab fighters took control of Baidoa hours after the remaining Ethiopian forces withdrew under a June 2008 cease-fire deal . Rashid Abdi , a Somalia analyst for the International Crisis Group , said the loss of Baidoa is "  a clear indication that the transitional federal government has lost any grip -- whatever grip it had -- in Somalia . " But Prendergast said the radical Islamist militia will most likely lose support among Somalis now that its "  rallying cry " of getting the Ethiopian forces out of Somalia is gone . "  What the Islamists did was , they wrapped themselves up in the mantle of Somali nationalism and , for the last two years , they have hitched their star to throwing the Ethiopians out , " he said . Prendergast predicted that Al-Shabaab fighters "  will sustain themselves for awhile and temporarily expand , but I do n't envision it to be a long-term prospect at all . " Last year , the United States put Al-Shabaab -- which means "  The Youth " -- on its list of terrorist groups . Analysts say Al-Shabaab models itself after the Taliban 's puritanical Islamic rule . See a timeline of recent events in Somalia " Stig Jarle Hansen , a Nairobi , Kenya-based expert on Somalia for the Norwegian Institute for Urban and Regional Research , said Al-Shabaab fighters have been trained in Afghanistan , and the group has "  clear connections " to al Qaeda . There has been evidence that the group has extended its reach into the United States , as well . The FBI is investigating what appears to be a massive recruitment effort by Al-Shabaab in the United States ' Somali communities , particularly in Minneapolis , Minnesota , where more than a dozen young men of Somali descent have gone missing in recent months . One member of Minneapolis ' Somali community , Shirwa Ahmed , 27 , blew himself up in an apparent suicide bombing in northern Somalia in October . Also , hours before U.S. President Barack Obama took the oath of office in January , the FBI was warned of a possible terrorist attack by Al-Shabaab that was timed to coincide with his inauguration . Prendergast said he expects Al-Shabaab 's overseas ties to dry up now that its "  clarion call " against Ethiopian forces is no longer valid . "  Now that that fight is over , I do n't see that money continuing , and I do n't see the recruitment from Somalis like places from Minneapolis to continue successfully , " he said . And Ken Menkhaus , a Davidson College professor and former adviser to U.N. missions in Somalia in the 1990s , said the militia 's efforts to govern the territory it holds in southern Somalia has had mixed results , alienating many Somalis by imposing hardline Islamic law . Al-Shabaab now has to justify its continued presence "  on the basis of what it 's for -- and what it 's for is not very popular among Somalis , " Menkhaus said . The group is fraught with internal divisions and has already clashed with other militias over control of key neighborhoods in Mogadishu , he said . But if Al-Shabaab did manage to establish a government , there would be a "  genuine fear " that al Qaeda could try to gain a foothold there . "  It would guarantee proxy wars and conflicts between Somalis and non-Somalis that would just perpetuate this conflict , " Menkhaus said . Military intervention in Somalia ? The United States has conducted periodic airstrikes against Islamist leaders since 2006 and has long viewed Somalia as a possible haven for al Qaeda . But military intervention would not only be unpopular , it would only empower Al-Shabaab by handing it back its "  raison d'etre , " Prendergast said . "  You do n't immediately confront a group like this -- they are at their high point , " he said . "  You fight it politically and draw support slowly and patiently ... for clans and organizations in Somalia that do n't really want them there . "  Area by area , they 'll kick them out , unless they make the mistake of sending U.N. troops . " Susan Rice , the new U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , told U.S. senators during her confirmation hearing that the situation in Somalia "  has the potential to pose a serious and direct threat to our own national security . " But she also expressed skepticism about the wisdom of sending in a U.N. peacekeeping mission to replace an existing African Union force , calling instead for more efforts by Somalia 's neighbors and the international community to promote national reconciliation . J. Anthony Holmes , director of the Africa program for the Council on Foreign Relations , said there is "  little appetite on the ground for sustained engagement " in Somalia . But because of its clan-based society , it is unlikely the country would emerge as "  a breeding ground for terrorism , " he said . Holmes said U.S. policy should focus more on longer-term issues -- such as addressing humanitarian and economic issues in the impoverished Horn of Africa country , where years of civil war and near-anarchy have left 1 million people displaced and 3 million needing food aid . The U.S. intervention in Somalia in the 1990s , in which Somali militiamen killed 18 American service members during a failed attempt to capture a Mogadishu warlord , had a chilling effect on U.S. policy toward Africa . Author and policy-maker Jared Cohen writes in his book , "  One Hundred Days of Silence : America and the Rwanda Genocide " that the "  catastrophe in Somalia was the catalyst for this unspoken decision not to intervene in places like Rwanda . " As the new Obama administration gets its Africa policy in place , Washington is in a good position to exert some leverage in Somalia , Prendergast said . Previous U.S. counterterrorism efforts worked "  at cross-purposes " with efforts to promote long-term stability and provide humanitarian aid , according to Menkhaus . He recommended that Somali leaders be given room to either marginalize or co-opt the opposition on their own . "  I personally think that they will , if left to their own devices , " Menkhaus said . "  But Somalis are never left to their own devices . " CNN 's David McKenzie and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Moderate Islamist is new leader of war-torn Somalia Moderate leader has chance to form inclusive government , analyst says Radical Islamist group still controls parts of Somalia With departure of Ethiopian troops , radical Islamists lose rallying cry
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A 33-year-old Israeli citizen was charged with assault with intent to murder in Michigan Thursday in connection with 18 stabbings that left five people dead across three states , according to a Michigan prosecutor . Elias Abuelazam was arrested Wednesday night at Hartsfield Jackson International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia . Abuelazam was trying to board a flight to Israel when he was taken into custody , police said Thursday . The stabbings occurred in Michigan , Virginia and Ohio . Genesee County , Michigan . Prosecutor David Leyton said the lone charge filed against Abuelazam is related to a stabbing in Flint , Michigan on July 27 . With a manhunt on in connection to the stabbing spree , Michigan police received a tip that sent them Wednesday to a market where the suspect worked , Leyton said . After talking with employees , police watched surveillance video to determine if he matched the physical description of the attacker . After tracking him to Louisville , Kentucky , authorities learned he had bought a $ 3,000 ticket from Atlanta to Tel Aviv , Israel , paid for by his uncle . Leyton said Abuelazam had flown from Detroit , Michigan , to Louisville and then on to Atlanta . It was not clear whether he was already en route to Atlanta when authorities identified him as a suspect in the killings . A federal law enforcement official involved in the investigation said the man was traveling on an expired Israeli passport but was in the United States legally . U.S. Customs and Border Protection officials said they arrested Abuelazam at 10 p.m. ET as he attempted to board Delta Flight 152 bound for Tel Aviv . A Homeland Security official told CNN that the National Targeting Center had found his name on the passenger list . Upon confirmation of his identity , the man was placed in the custody of the FBI and the Atlanta Police Department . Over the past week investigators from a Michigan task force ; police departments in Leesburg , Virginia , and Toledo , Ohio ; the FBI and numerous other law enforcement agencies have investigated leads and tips from the public . Authorities have said the same person is responsible for three recent attacks in Leesburg , Virginia , the stabbing deaths of five people and wounds to nine others in the Flint , Michigan , area and a stabbing Saturday that wounded a man in Toledo , Ohio . Fourteen of the 16 victims in Michigan were African-American , police said . Flint is a majority African-American community . In majority-white Leesburg , Virginia , two victims were black and one was Latino . Leesburg Police Chief Joseph Price said he believed the suspect was targeting African-Americans . "  For our community ... when you look at our demographics and you look at the victims here , my belief is he selected the victims in Leesburg based on the color of their skin , " Price said . The Michigan attacks began May 24 , with the most recent taking place August 2 . The three attacks in Virginia occurred Tuesday , Thursday and Friday of last week . The Michigan victims ranged in age from 17 to 60 , authorities said . All of the victims were men , and in two cases they were people with special needs . The suspect is said to have approached victims who were on foot during the early morning hours , asking for directions or other assistance to lure them close to his car , police said . Sgt. Bill Wauford of the Toledo Police Department said the method of attack in the Ohio case matched that described in the Michigan incidents . The five Michigan fatalities were identified as David Motley , Emmanuel Dent , Darwin Marshall , Frank Kellybrew and Arnold Miner . Leyton said Abuelazam worked in Flint until August 2 and then told fellow workers he was going to Virginia . He said the suspect had lived in the Flint area since May in a home owned by his uncle . The suspect had a previous address in Florida . Arlington , Virginia , police arrested the suspect on August 5 for failure to obey a highway sign . At the time , police learned he had an outstanding warrant for a prior assault and he was arrested and his 1996 Chevy Blazer was impounded . Police found a knife and hammer inside the car . But he was released that day , and the circumstances of his release were not clear . Also that day , a victim was stabbed in the area , but he told police the assailant was driving a different vehicle . The Blazer was returned to the suspect that night . Abuelazam was in all three states at the time of the stabbings in those states , according to authorities . After police identified his vehicle , they tracked him near an airport in Louisville , Kentucky . Leyton said the suspect was in Toledo at the time of the stabbing there . Investigators continue to investigate and Leyton said more charges are expected . Members of the Michigan task force were in Atlanta Thursday , and Leyton 's office was preparing papers for extradition . According to Tracy Flanagan of the Fulton County Sheriff 's Office , Abuelazam was processed at the Fulton County Jail and is being held there for the 68th District Court of Flint , Michigan . Barring special circumstances , he should have an extradition hearing in the coming days . "  We ought to remember the victims in all of this , " Leyton said . "  You have real people who have died and real families who have been torn apart . Our heart goes out to them . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Elias Abuelazam , 33 , is in custody in Atlanta , Georgia , in connection with five killings The suspect was trying to board a Delta flight to Tel Aviv , Israel , officials say Police say a total of 18 stabbings in Michigan , Virginia and Ohio are linked Five people died in the attacks in Michigan
Manila to Tacloban , the Philippines  CNN  -- The weather forecasters had warned that Hagupit was one of the most unpredictable storms in memory . Three of the world 's leading weather agencies came up with three different paths for the storm as it slowly , but relentlessly , bore down on the Philippines packing winds in excess of 200 kilometers per hour  124 mph  . For me , that unpredictability turned traveling from Manila to Tacloban from a routine 90-minute flight into a 31-hour slog . I needed to be there to cover the typhoon 's impact on a town traumatized by the impact of Super Typhoon Haiyan last year . It looked pretty simple at the beginning . Jump on the Cathay Pacific flight from Hong Kong , head straight for domestic departures , where I would then board a flight to Tacloban -- a flight of little more than an hour . Except it was n't . TYPHOON TRACKER : Follow Hagupit Planes ... 10:30 a.m. came and went with no sign of a boarding call . I began to meet other journalists waiting for the same flight who were equally at a loss as to what was happening . We were eventually approached by a Philippines Airlines manager , apologizing profusely . "  Technical difficulties " had apparently grounded the aircraft but we were assured there would be another flight at 1.30 p.m. All other flights to different parts of the Philippines were on schedule , so we were confident about this next take-off time . But as the time approached , no boarding call came . A brief announcement informed us the flight was canceled because of continuing "  technical difficulties . " And so it went . Another airlines staff member presented us with new boarding passes for a 3.45 p.m. flight . Fifteen minutes before departure we were sitting patiently on the airport bus waiting to be taken out to the apron and it looked as if we would finally be on our way . But the bus did n't move . We sat for 30 minutes until another announcement of another delay . We trudged back to the boarding gate , very frustrated . Other routes were being discussed but all ferries had been canceled and the direct flight still looked the best bet . More than an hour later we learned that all flights were canceled because of the weather conditions in Tacloban . We appeared to be stuck where the story was n't . Blades ... And so to Plan B . A hasty conference call with the Hong Kong news desk and a new plan : Charter a light aircraft . Initial indications were good . A private operator thought they could get a few of us into Tacloban at first light Saturday . The final decision on weather conditions would be made at 4 a.m. . At the appointed time the news came through : Conditions were too dangerous to risk it . Another call to Hong Kong and we decided that it could be possible to fly to Cebu and take the short hop to Tacloban by helicopter . I boarded my flight at 11 a.m. and was on the island inside the hour to be met by the helicopter crew . I knew I was in good hands when I met my pilot , retired military man Col. Andy Largo . His flying career included flying four former Philippine presidents around the country , as well as the late Pope John Paul II . He had already flown two sorties that morning to Tacloban but my anxieties grew as he described the flights . He was forced to touch down early on both journeys because of the conditions -- and they were growing worse by the hour . The biggest worry , he said , were strong wings that could literally break the rotor blades . If we encountered excessive winds he would reduce the flying speed and edge ahead , waiting for a break in the weather . I was his only passenger but he took along an engineer to help "  just in case . " I buckled into the front seat next to Col. Largo and off we went into a murky cloud-filled sky . It was surprisingly smooth . We flew at between 1,000 and 2,000 feet over a white-capped sea , towards increasingly thick clouds . Our pilot seemed unworried until we got to the tip of Leyte Island and the town of Beybey , which lies at the foot of a range of mountains separating us from Tacloban . One look at the cloud ahead and he tapped me on the arm and indicated the flight had come to an end . We put down on a playing field and I jumped out . And automobiles . . I was soon surrounded by a group of locals , who managed to rustle up a van . Ten minutes later we on the road driving along a virtually deserted road in heavy rain , towards the mountains and Tacloban . It took two hours to make the 100 kilometer  62 mile  journey . At 4 p.m. , 31 hours after touching down in Manila , I finally arrived at my destination .	CNN 's Andrew Stevens was trying to get to Tacloban ahead of Typhoon Hagupit After multiple flight cancellations , he chartered a helicopter then rustled up a van from locals Trip normally takes 90 minutes with a direct flight from Manila Tacloban suffered the brunt of Super Typhoon Haiyan 13 months ago
CNN  -- Chemical testing of air samples from the trunk of Casey Anthony 's car primarily showed the presence of gasoline , jurors in Anthony 's capital murder trial heard Wednesday . Other compounds , including chloroform , were also found , but the amount did not appear to be large , University of Central Florida chemist Michael Sigman told jurors in the Orlando courtroom . Testing was not done to determine the amounts , Sigman said , but "  they gave very low responses in the instrument . " While some of the compounds found are associated with human decomposition , Sigman told defense attorney J. Cheney Mason , he can not definitively say that their presence indicated a decomposing body was in the trunk , because there are other natural sources for those compounds as well . Sigman took the air samples from the trunk , one of which was sent to Arpad Vass at Tennessee 's Oak Ridge National Laboratory . Earlier in the trial , Vass testified that testing on a carpet sample from the trunk showed chloroform at a level that was "  shockingly high . " He also testified the odor in the air samples he received was "  extremely overwhelming . " He identified it as human decomposition . Casey Anthony , 25 , is charged with seven counts in her daughter 's death , including first-degree murder . If convicted , she could face the death penalty . Prosecutors allege Anthony used chloroform to render her daughter unconscious , then used duct tape to cover her nose and mouth , suffocating her . Caylee 's remains , prosecutors allege , were then put into Anthony 's car trunk and eventually disposed of . The girl 's skeletal remains were found in a wooded field on December 11 , 2008 , nearly six months after her family last reported having seen the child . Defense attorneys say Caylee was not murdered , but that she accidentally drowned in the family pool on June 16 , 2008 , the day she was last reported to have been seen . They argue that Anthony and her father , George Anthony , panicked and covered up the death . George Anthony has rejected that scenario in his testimony . Caylee was not reported missing to police until July 15 , 2008 , when Casey Anthony 's mother , Cindy , tracked down her daughter and demanded answers regarding Caylee 's whereabouts . Sigman was one of a handful of forensic experts testifying Wednesday as Anthony 's defense continued presenting its case . Jurors also heard from FBI geologist forensic examiner Maureen Bottrell , who analyzed a number of items in the case for soil samples , including 22 pairs of shoes from the Anthony home . Only three pairs had some material for comparison , she told defense attorney Jose Baez , and soil on them did not match that at the site where Caylee 's remains were recovered . However , she acknowledged on cross-examination that does not mean she can say for sure the shoes were never there , as soil can fall off or material from several locations can cloud testing results . Also , FBI forensic toxicologist Madeline Montgomery told jurors she tested the "  hair mass " found with the child 's remains for the presence of 11 drugs , including Xanax , Valium and ketamine . The results were all negative , she said . The FBI lab does not test hair for the presence of chloroform , she said . FBI forensic chemist Michael Rickenbach was recalled to the stand , where he testified that testing showed no chloroform was found on Caylee 's car seat , in the interior of Anthony 's car or the steering wheel cover in the car . Testing on a liquid found in a syringe , discovered inside a plastic bottle near Caylee 's remains , showed testosterone compounds but no significant amount of chloroform , he said . FBI trace evidence examiner Karen Lowe , also recalled to the stand , said that of "  hundreds " of hairs she examined in the case , from the Anthony home , Anthony 's vehicle and Anthony 's clothing , she only found one that showed evidence of decomposition . But , she told prosecutor Jeff Ashton , that one came from Anthony 's trunk -- the subject of her previous testimony . Under questioning from Ashton , Montgomery said that sometimes drugs do not show up in hair and that a person still could have been given drugs with negative hair testing results . On Tuesday , prosecutors told Orange County Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. they are looking into information regarding a woman who at one point was incarcerated with Anthony , and whose child died in a way similar to how Anthony 's defense says Caylee died . The matter was mentioned in a conversation regarding discovery items provided to the defense . April Whalen 's child died in a pool , and the child 's grandfather discovered the body , prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick told Perry . Whalen says she never spoke with Anthony , but did not know whether Anthony may have talked to other inmates , Burdick said . "  It 's being explored whether there was indirect contact , " she said . The information came from someone who called the Orange County Sheriff 's Office last week , suggesting the two could have been in contact , Burdick said . In response to a question from Perry , Burdick said she does not currently plan for Whalen to testify , but the information could become relevant . Whalen told CNN 's sister network HLN she never met Anthony during the few days she was in jail for driving with a suspended license and that she has nothing to do with the case . According to the Orlando Sentinel newspaper , Whalen 's 15-month-old son , Isaiah Whalen , drowned in a backyard pool on Christmas Day 2007 . After finding him in the pool , the boy 's grandfather performed CPR and called 911 , Burdick said in court Tuesday . Allen Moore , a spokesman for the Orange County Sheriff 's Office , said Whalen was in the same dormitory as Anthony for five days , from June 4 through June 8 , 2009 . There are no jail records , investigations or reports that indicate any contact occurred between the two , he said . A Dutch forensic scientist testified Tuesday that given even a small amount of DNA , it would be possible to extract a DNA profile from the duct tape covering the mouth portion of Caylee 's skeletal remains . But DNA expert Richard Eikelenboom testified that he did not ask to test the duct tape , although he said he offered to investigate . Eikelenboom testified about "  low copy number " DNA , a technique by which small samples of DNA are amplified and copied in an effort to obtain a full profile . He said that when tape is used to cover a person 's mouth , it is possible the sticky side of the tape could contain skin cells from the face as well as DNA from the mouth . However , he told Ashton , factors such as heat and water have "  a very detrimental effect " on DNA and it would be difficult to determine a profile from tape that , as in this case , had been exposed to the elements for as long as six months . An FBI examiner previously testified that DNA testing on the tape was inconclusive , but a possible indication of DNA there did not appear to match that of Caylee , Casey Anthony or George Anthony . Also Tuesday , Marcus Wise , an analytical chemist from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory , testified that , while testing on carpet from Anthony 's car trunk showed the presence of chloroform , a test to determine how much chloroform was present would have been meaningless , as chloroform is a "  volatile chemical " that evaporates , much like gasoline , Asked what effect a closed trunk would have on that , Wise said it would not slow the chemical 's volatility but might make it more difficult for the chemical to escape the trunk . Wise told Ashton on Tuesday that the "  relative abundance " of chloroform was "  very unusual to me . " Earlier Tuesday , a forensic botanist testified Caylee 's remains could have been at the site where they were found -- less than a mile from her grandparents ' home -- for as little as two weeks , based on plant evidence found there . "  I do n't know exactly when " the remains were placed there , Jane Bock said . "  My best guess is what I have presented today . " Ashton introduced into evidence a photo of Caylee 's skull , showing leaf matter and debris that had accumulated up to the lower portion of the eye sockets . He asked Bock if that could have occurred in two weeks . "  If these leaves are , in fact , the level that has fallen since the skull has been there , then clearly the skull has been there for a lot longer than two weeks , would n't you agree ? " Ashton asked . "  Given your hypothesis that it had lain there undisturbed all that time , the answer would be yes , " Bock acknowledged . She told Ashton she could not say for sure if it was possible the skull could have sunk into the leaf litter . As the photo of the skull was shown in the courtroom , Anthony looked downward with her mouth pressed to the back of her hand . Bock also told jurors Tuesday that fragments found on and in Anthony 's car did not match the vegetation at the scene where the remains were found . The trial entered its fifth week Monday . Perry told jurors that the trial will go only until about noon Wednesday , adding that he has a meeting at 1 p.m. concerning state trial court budgeting . He said the court day on Saturday will be extended to make up the time . In Session 's Mayra Cuevas , Michael Christian and Grace Wong and HLN 's Selin Darkalstanian contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Chemist says he ca n't say for sure a decomposing body was in the car trunk Toxicologist : Drug testing on hair found with Caylee Anthony 's remains was negative Casey Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee , in 2008 She has pleaded not guilty ; her defense says the child drowned in the family pool
Bukavu , Democratic Republic Of Congo  CNN  -- Many of Congo 's rape survivors took to the streets Sunday to speak out against sexual violence in a country where it has become a weapon of war . "  My heart is in pain , why are you raping me ? " sang the rape victims , many of whom left hospital beds to join the march in eastern Congo . "  They have had enough , enough , enough , enough , " said Nita Vielle , a Congolese women 's activist , of the women marching . "  Enough of the war , of the rape , of nobody paying attention to what 's happening to them . " The United Nations has named the Democratic Republic of Congo the "  rape capital of the world , " with 15,000 women raped in eastern Congo last year . The attacks occurred in parts of the country where armed rebel groups moved into areas considered to be pro-government but lacking in army or police protection , according to the U.N. Margot Wallstrom , the U.N. secretary-general 's special representative on sexual violence in conflict , said recently that one distraught Congolese woman had told her that "  a dead rat is worth more than the body of a woman . " "  It was an expression of how human rights violations against women are still the lowest on a fool 's hierarchy of war time horrors , " she said . Sunday 's march was organized by the World March of Women in association with local women 's groups . Organizers hoped the march would combat the stigma attached to rape victims and draw international attention to the problem of rape as a war tactic . "  It 's just great to have so many women out on the streets , " said Celia Alldridge , a representative from World March of Women . "  We believe that women should not be made prisoners in their own homes . " Among throngs of marchers , many clad in bright traditional garb and carrying homemade signs , one Congolese marcher echoed that sentiment . "  I tell you , it 's a wonderful thing to see all the women together , just for one reason -- for the peace of the women of Congo , " said Mary Georges . "  This is the freedom of the Congo women . " Last month , a U.N. report slammed Congo 's security forces for failing to prevent a wave of mass rapes over several days during the summer . The preliminary report confirms the rape of at least 303 civilians between July 30 and August 2 in the Walikale region of Congo 's North Kivu province . The report points to serious shortcomings in the preparedness and response of the local detachments of the Congolese army and the police stationed in the area . It also notes that their failure to prevent or stop the attacks was compounded by subsequent failings on the part of U.N. stabilization mission forces in Congo . The report said the force had not received any specific training in the protection of civilians , and suffered from a number of operational constraints , including a limited capacity to gather information , as well as the lack of a telecommunications system in the area . "  The scale and viciousness of these mass rapes defy belief , " said U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay . "  Even in the eastern part of DRC where rape has been a perennial and massive problem for the past 15 years , this incident stands out , " Pillay said , "  because of the extraordinarily cold-blooded and systematic way in which it appears to have been planned and executed . "	Rape is a weapon of war in Congo Eastern Congo has 15,000 rape victims just from last year The march aims to combat a societal stigma attached to rape victims Many women left hospital beds to join event
CNN  -- When a police officer demanded that she cover her hair , Amira Osman Hamed simply refused . "  I 'm Muslim , and I 'm not going to cover my head , " she declared . For that , the 35-year-old Sudanese engineer was arrested last August and charged with "  indecent dress . " Now Hamed faces a possible sentence of 40 lashes if a court convicts her when she faces the judge on Monday . Still , she refuses to wear a headscarf . Hamed 's determination to challenge arbitrary rules restricting women 's freedom is part of a wave of energy pushing against those limits , notably  but not exclusively  in Muslim countries . In Muslim-majority states in Africa , South Asia , the Persian Gulf and elsewhere , women are relentlessly demanding more equal treatment . To some , the matter of whether or not to cover one 's hair may seem like a trivial issue . But the right to decide what one wears is a basic freedom . And strict rules by the government or by religious authorities dictating women 's attire are almost always the tip of the iceberg -- the most visible portion of a structure that constricts women 's freedom , taking away their right to make other important choices about their own lives . Hamed herself has already pushed back . In 2002 , the human rights activist was arrested and convicted under the same law . She paid a fine for the crime of wearing pants in public . In 2009 , the ban against trousers snagged the journalist Lubna Ahmed al-Hussein and 12 other women in a Khartoum restaurant , all wearing slacks . Several pleaded guilty , paid a fine , and were flogged for their crime . Al-Hussein refused . She was so outraged that she sent out invitations to her trial and to her possible flogging . In the end , the Sudanese Journalists Union paid the fine , but al-Hussein did not waver . Sudanese women , she pointed out , are getting swept up under the infamous article 152 of Sudan 's 1991 Criminal Code . In the country ruled by an Islamist party with its own interpretation of Sharia , Islamic law , the rules are strict but conveniently vague . The statute calls for punishment of up to 40 lashes for anyone committing an "  indecent act " or wearing an "  obscene outfit . " Not surprisingly , the law is used mostly against women . Government figures for 2008 said 43,000 women were arrested for clothing-related offenses in the capital alone . And the cases keep coming . A few weeks ago , police were recorded lashing a woman in the street for getting into a car with a man . The images are chilling . The extraordinary displays of courage from women challenging restrictions on their lives include the case of Malala Yousafzai -- the Pakistani girl who nearly died after Taliban gunmen shot her in the face -- and other young girls , like Yemen 's Nujood Ali , divorced at the age of 10 and now a campaigner against child marriage , and thousands of others . Nobody , however , has gained the fame of Malala , whose call for girls to receive an education crossed the line for those who think women should remain subservient , with society under the full control of men . Her courage frightens the Taliban . Some in Pakistan claim that Malala , now a celebrity , is a product of the West . But these outbreaks of courage , these rumblings for change , are coming from within the Muslim world . Muslim women do not need the West to tell them that inequality and second-class status for women are unacceptable . The rules enforcing inequality are often couched as religious mandate , but they are mostly the product of deeply traditional societies . The societies , however , are changing . Women are part of those societies , and many accept the restrictions -- but not everyone is happy with the status quo . Consider Saudi Arabia . In most parts of the kingdom , many women , depending on the regions where they live , are required to cover themselves from head to toe , wearing the niqab , a veil that covers even the face , essentially erasing a woman 's identity while she is in public . Most Saudi women are accustomed to wearing it . For now , those demanding change are focusing on other areas . Saudi women chafe under many rules . One of the best known is an unwritten ban on their right to drive . Last weekend , a group of women in Saudi Arabia defied the stunningly anachronistic rule that puts Saudi misogyny in a category of its own . Saudi women have fought for years to gain the right to drive . In 2011 , when they thought they might have something like a Saudi Women 's Spring , echoing the popular revolutions in the region , activists organized the Women2Drive day . Many were arrested after they took to the road . Despite the arrests , they tried it again last weekend . Some men raised an outcry . Others cheered . Two Saudi men , wearing their traditional red kaffiyehs , created an Internet sensation with the parody song "  No Woman , No Drive , " mocking the driving ban with a takeoff on the Bob Marley hit "  No Woman , No Cry . " The video has had millions of hits , with lyrics that introduce viewers to the absurd logic of the ban , such as one Saudi cleric 's contention that driving could damage women 's ovaries and threaten their fertility . The inability to drive creates a host of practical problems for Saudi women -- problems that make them even more beholden to the whims of men . But other rules are even more offensive , such as the one that prohibits a Saudi woman from leaving the house , working , studying , traveling , even receiving medical treatment without the permission of a male "  guardian , " usually her husband , father , or brother -- or even a son . Not all Muslim countries impose terrible restrictions on women , and not all countries with profound inequality between the sexes are Muslim . But the worst countries in which to be a woman , according to the World Economic Forum 's Gender Gap Report , are almost all Muslim-majority states in Africa , the Gulf , and South Asia . Luckily , those are also countries where women are fighting back , pushing to close the gap , armed with the conviction that the restrictions they face are not mandated by their religion , but by social norms that are subject to change . And that change , a call for human rights for all -- including for women -- is not an invention of the West . It is what a woman like Amira Osman Hamed demands when she says she is a Muslim , and she simply will not be told what to wear . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Sudanese woman faces flogging for refusing to wear a headscarf Others flogged for wearing slacks , or riding in car with man who is not relation Ghitis : Muslim women fighting back , refusing to comply , driving cars in Saudi Arabia Ghitis : Girls like Malala are n't products of West ; they are fighting back on their own
CNN  -- Which state has given us B.B. King , Jimmy Buffett , Sam Cooke , Faith Hill , Britney Spears and Elvis Presley ? Mississippi has . Which state has given us pro football 's Jerry Rice and Archie Manning , Walter Payton and Brett Favre ? Mississippi has . And which state has given us countless thrills , championships galore and some of the most famous teams in the history of American sport ? Mississippi has n't . But that is about to change . In fact , it probably already has changed . If you check out college football 's latest national rankings , the No. 1 team in the entire United States is , to the shock of many , Mississippi State . Close on its heels at No. 3 is , almost as unexpectedly , the University of Mississippi , better known to y' all as "  Ole Miss. " Mississippians are burning with football fever . A state without a franchise in pro basketball , baseball , football and hockey , a second fiddler to the Dixieland bands of Alabama , Georgia , Florida and Louisiana in college football for quite a while , Mississippi is making up for lost time in 2014 . OK , not everybody from the Magnolia State is overjoyed about this -- there must be at least 10 or 20 folks down there who do n't give a hoot . Otherwise , the campus towns of Starkville and Oxford are experiencing a rare kind of double-your-pleasure euphoria , and alumni  or just plain old football followers  from Gulfport to Jackson are busting with pride over America 's hottest teams . Is this temporary ? A midseason night 's dream ? Could be . The season 's only half done , after all . And Mississippi State 's Bulldogs still have strong opponents on the schedule , like those always dangerous Alabama Crimson Tide . Mississippi 's Rebels , meanwhile , must still get past opponents like the Auburn Tigers and upset-minded opponents like the Presbyterian Blue Hose . And to top it all ? Somebody 's going to emerge victorious in what very well might become the most talked about battle in this state since the 1863  at Vicksburg , for those of you wondering  -- hang onto your helmets for Mississippi State vs. Ole Miss on November 29 . If you 've been missing how this Mississippi madness came to pass , let us catch you up : Mississippi State , unranked , unnoticed by a whole mess of Northerners and Westerners in spite of bowl-game victories in 2010 , 2011 and 2013 , began this season by defeating Southern Mississippi 49-10 , Alabama-Birmingham 47-34 , South Alabama 35-3 , LSU 34-29 , Texas A&M 48-31 and , this past weekend , Auburn 38-23 . As a result , Coach Dan Mullen 's squad has made an unprecedented rise in the Associated Press poll 's rankings -- and is believed to be college football 's first team to go from unranked to No. 1 in just six weeks . Mississippi State received 45 first-place votes to leapfrog Florida State , which got just 12 . Ole Miss , meanwhile , claimed three first-place votes for itself and is ranked No. 3 . So far , Coach Hugh Freeze 's guys have knocked off Boise State 35-13 , Vanderbilt 41-3 , Louisiana-Lafayette 56-15 , Memphis 24-3 , Alabama 23-17 and , this past weekend , Texas A&M 35-20 . It 's proof positive that , to quote former Crimson Tide running back Forrest Gump , life really is a box of chocolates -- you really do n't know what you 're going to get . Few saw this coming . In the grand old Oktibbeha County town of Starkville , population 23,888 , the teams of Mississippi State are loyally supported and loved . But the football team there has barely been a blip on the national radar since a 1940 one went 10-0-1 . For as long as football has been there , the Bulldogs have lost more games than they have won . In the charming , brainy community of Oxford , population 20,865 , the teams of Ole Miss are followed and revered . But not since the glory years of 1959 , 1960 and 1962 -- three straight Sugar Bowl triumphs -- have the Rebels truly generated a nationwide gridiron sizzle . The name of Mississippi State 's quarterback , Dak Prescott , did not roll off many tongues in Heisman Trophy preliminary discussions . Now , almost no one out there in NCAA Land is asking "  Who 's Dak ? " After all , Prescott 's impressive play , along with the rushing of Josh Robinson and receiving of De'Runnya Wilson , Jameon Lewis and Fred Brown , took this school from Never Heard of 'Em status to the exalted Team People Are Talking About . Ole Miss has a fine QB of its own , Bo Wallace , with a running game led by Jaylen Walton and the memorably named I ` Tavius Mathers . If anyone expected a letdown when big , bad ` Bama came to town , a hard-earned 23-17 win over the Crimson Tide resulted in the Rebels ' faithful storming the field and ripping down the goal posts . That impromptu act of celebration cost the school $ 50,000 in a fine from the Southeastern Conference , one that seemed well worth paying to many of those fans . Hey , why not ? Mississippians must get tired of the constant attention given a Super Bowl or World Series or Stanley Cup or some other event from the wide world of sports , never having a horse in those races . It 's nice to be in play . College football is cool , and hundreds of thousands there are true to his or her school . Again , the season 's only half-done . But most of Mississippi wo n't miss a minute of the next half . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Mississippi State topped the latest rankings of college football teams Mississippians are burning with football fever , writes Mike Downey Mississippi State and Ole Miss face off on November 29
CNN  -- At least 17 people have died and dozens more were rescued after their boat capsized off the Turks and Caicos Islands in the Caribbean on Wednesday , according to the local government and U.S. officials . The U.S. Coast Guard , assisting the islands ' rescue crews , retrieved about 55 Haitians in waters 100 meters from shore , the U.S. agency said . They fell into the water when their overloaded sail freighter tipped over , the guard said . The nationalities of the 17 dead people were n't immediately clear Wednesday , but 12 were males and five were female adults , said Colin Farquhar , commissioner of Royal Turks and Caicos Islands Police Force . Earlier reports had put the death toll at 18 . Farquhar added that the search for additional casualties concluded late Wednesday because of darkness and worsening seas . The search will resume Thursday , he said . Although the Coast Guard put the number of rescued at near 55 , local authorities used different numbers . A total of 33 people -- 21 men including a child and 12 females -- were detained as suspected illegal Haitian migrants and "  will be repatriated to Haiti at the earliest opportunity , " Farquhar said . Officials could n't be immediately reached for comment to explain the discrepancy between the approximate 55 rescues the Coast Guard cited and the 33 detainees Farquhar discussed . The Turks and Caicos Islands government said in a Facebook statement that a sailing vessel believed to be carrying suspected illegal migrants was intercepted by the Marine Branch of the islands ' police force after 3 a.m. Wednesday . Two hours later , while the boat was being towed to a dock to unload the suspects , the sloop capsized , the statement said . "  The stricken vessel has now been removed from the water and will be central to our ongoing investigations into this matter , " Farquhar said . "  We must all remain vigilant to combat illegal migration . " He thanked police officers and emergency personnel for working under what he called "  challenging circumstances . " Police were searching Wednesday "  for the handful of people who reached shore and fled the scene , " the government said . The Turks and Caicos Islands are a British territory . The incident occurred near the country 's island of Providenciales , commonly known as "  Provo " and described on the official tourism website as its most developed isle where most international flights arrive . The 33 rescued people -- all Haitians -- were in custody of the government 's immigration detention-removal center , Farquhar said . Authorities revised that figure from an earlier reported count of 32 rescued people . Haitian migrants seeking to enter the United States have used the Turks and Caicos Islands and the Bahamas as way stations to enter the United States . Migrants appear undeterred , even after deadly shipwrecks CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Coast Guard says it rescues about 55 Haitians NEW : The British territory revises death toll to 17 -- 12 males and five females NEW : Victims were on a sailing vessel that capsizes while it being towed by local authorities
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian security forces blamed a privately owned vehicle Thursday for allegedly running into protesters during Sunday 's opposition protests on a Shiite Muslim holy day , according to a news agency . "  There were no deaths resulting from a car accident in the Vali-e Asr area . We referred to the fact in our previous statement that a privately owned Patrol vehicle hit a number of rioters on Azadi -LSB- Freedom -RSB- Street between Roudaki and Khosh Streets , " said the semi-official Iranian Labour News Agency , referring to a model of car made by Nissan . "  The vehicle was traced by the security forces and the case is being investigated , " ILNA said . At least seven people were killed Sunday -- the Shiite Muslim holy day Ashura -- as anti-government protests turned violent . The Iranian government denies that any of the deaths were caused by official security forces , but the clashes -- depicted in sometimes grainy and shaky amateur videos -- show a number of protesters with serious and possibly fatal injuries , including some with apparent gunshot wounds . In one video -- shot Sunday , according to the posting on the Web site YouTube -- green-and-white police trucks rush into crowds of demonstrators in Tehran . The protesters scatter in all directions , but one truck drives into a group trapped in a narrow street with a wall on one side and parked cars on the other . The camera follows the truck , which appears to be a police truck , as it backs away , but a person briefly can be seen crumpled in the street where the truck had been . When the camera returns to the spot , another truck drives over the person . Other protesters rush to the downed person 's aid . It is not clear whether the person was killed . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the video , or another one obtained by CNN that shows a woman who was said to have been killed when hit by a car driven by members of the Basij , the Iranian paramilitary group . ILNA said it released the statement Thursday from security forces "  owing to the fact that a film has been shown by foreign and anti-revolution -LSB- news -RSB- networks regarding a vehicle similar to those used by Security Forces being involved in hitting a man at the Vali-e Asr Square . " "  Since the film may be a fake , which is the way foreign and anti-revolution media work , the case is being investigated . " Iran 's chief prosecutor , Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi , told reporters this week that seven people where killed in Sunday 's clashes on the holiday of Ashura . Most died after being struck with "  hard objects or due to similar causes , " Dolatabadi said . Opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi 's nephew , Seyyed Ali Moussavi , died from a gunshot wound on Sunday . The elder Moussavi 's Web site said he was killed during the demonstrations , but state-run news agencies said that Moussavi 's death was not connected to the Ashura protests but "  had been planned in suspicious circumstances . " Sunday 's clashes were the worst since opposition protesters took to the streets for days following the disputed June 12 presidential election . At least eight people were killed during those protests . Ashura commemorates the martyrdom of Imam Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed , who was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 A.D. CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Video 's posters say it shows Iranian police driving into crowds of demonstrators Truck drives over person in video , which posters say was recorded Sunday Seven people were killed in anti-government protests in Iran Sunday , authorities say
CNN  -- They are six of the most powerful words in the English language : "  The doctor will see you now . " Physicians themselves rarely hear them . But to the people who do -- the patients in the waiting room -- they can spur emotions ranging from hope to fear to gratitude to anxiety to dread . Which is why what has happened , in recent years , as patients step into examining rooms has had such a profound effect on the experience of a visit to the doctor . There have been two changes , prompted by federal initiatives whose genesis predated the Affordable Care Act , that have altered a comforting routine essential to the physician-patient relationship for centuries . The doctor today is not likely to look for long into the eyes of the patient . As the physician begins asking questions and taking a history , he or she may be tapping away at a computer keyboard , peering at the screen , entering information as the patient responds to queries . It can be jarring , the first time a patient encounters it . The importance of eye contact with a doctor does not become evident until it 's gone . There is a reason that physicians have shifted their eyes away from their patients and toward those screens ; it is not that the doctors have cavalierly decided to become rude . The mandated use of electronic medical records , with the government providing cash incentives for physicians who agree to use them , and threats of eventual penalties for those who do n't , has forced doctors , many of them reluctantly , to become data-entry clerks as they conduct their examinations . This matters , and not in a good way . There is something about the presumed intimacy of a conversation with one 's doctor -- of patient and physician looking into each others ' eyes , with the physician reading the expression on the patient 's face as well as listening to the patient 's words -- that is key to what medical care , with the emphasis on "  care , " has always been about . Part of this may be mutually understood illusion ; on some level the patient is aware that the doctor probably has a half-dozen patients , right at this moment , in examining rooms up and down the hallway , waiting for his or her attention . But the time that one spends with the doctor is supposed to feel like a heart-to-heart conversation , one human being talking about exceedingly private things to another . The patient has made plans for this visit , has traveled to it , has come prepared with a list of concerns and worries . When the doctor , obedient to 21st-century regulations , turns away and begins to communicate not with the patient but with a screen , something intangible and consequential is lost . Is the doctor really seeing you now ? The changes have been instituted in the name of efficiency : "  evidence-based decision support , " "  quality management , " "  streamlining the clinician 's workflow , " among other jargon used to justify the decreed new methods . Electronic records can make coordination between a patient 's various physicians more seamless , can provide information about a patient 's history quickly in emergencies , can be helpful in ascertaining that treatment options being considered in different offices do not duplicate or conflict with each other . And , without question , as the world moves from records kept on paper to digital storage , revisions in the workings of doctors ' offices were necessary . Yet as medical organizations , insurance companies and the federal government all make their cases for what works best , the one constituency -- such a cold word -- that seems to be left out is the patients . Some of whom have always felt a little awkward raising questions about what goes on in their physicians ' offices . It is not easy , in that examining room , for a woman or a man to say to the doctor : "  Could you please look at me when we talk ? " Some doctors -- the ones who can afford it -- have come up with what seems to be a solution to the new regulations . Transcriptionists , sometimes referred to as scribes , have been retained to move with the doctor from one examining room to the next , carrying laptop computers or tablets , listening as the doctor and patient speak , typing the requisite information . This allows the doctor to talk with the patient the old way : eye-to-eye . But it creates a different problem . There is a stranger in the room . For some , perhaps many , patients , the kinds of things they want to discuss with their longtime doctor are not the kinds of things they want to say in front of third parties . That illusion of intimacy , again , that feeling of privacy -- it becomes broken . The elderly patient who may have been going to the same doctor for decades , now being expected to sit , undressed , in the presence not just of that trusted doctor , but of a transcriptionist listening in and clicking keys ... something is lost . The best and most compassionate doctors can make anything work . They do it every day . But the bureaucrats , however well-intentioned , who came up with these changes may have lost sight of another time-honored phrase in the healing arts , the most sacrosanct of all . It refers to the general practice of medicine , but it also applies to the doctor-patient relationship : First , do no harm . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Doctors taking notes on computer interferes with doctor-patient visit He says electronic records mandate may keep them from assessing patient visually He says visits are precious opportunities for face-to-face discussion Greene : Doctors must find a way to solve this for the sake of doctor-patient relationship
CNN  -- Former Minnesota Viking and outspoken same-sex marriage supporter Chris Kluwe said Monday he is encouraged the NFL team is looking into his claims that he was released in May because he is an LGBT activist . Kluwe told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 in his first television interview since being kicked off the team that he is confident an investigation will uncover the truth . Over the past couple of years , the former punter has become known for his gay-rights activism , and in an article published Thursday on the website Deadspin he claimed he was fired by "  Two Cowards And a Bigot " for his stance and not entirely for his performance on the field . "  I do n't have anything against the Vikings organization itself . I had eight wonderful years with the Minnesota Vikings , " Kluwe told CNN . "  I had a problem with three individual people within the Vikings , and the fact remains is that I did everything my coaches wanted me to do  on the field  . ... No one ever told me that I was n't doing what I was supposed to do . "  The only thing that changed from Year 8 to when I got cut is that I started speaking out on same-sex rights . " The three individuals Kluwe referred to are Mike Priefer , the Vikings special teams coach ; former head coach Leslie Frazier and Vikings General Manager Rick Spielman . Priefer , the man Kluwe labeled a "  bigot , " denied the former player 's claim in a statement to the StarTribune of Minneapolis . Kluwe : An openly gay player in the NFL is not a distraction "  I want to be clear that I do not tolerate discrimination of any type and am respectful of all individuals ... The comments today have not only attacked my character and insulted my professionalism , but they have also impacted my family , " said the coach , who has been with the team for two of his 11 years in the NFL . Kluwe said that he decided when he began to work with Minnesotans For Marriage Equality was that he was n't going to back down from people who told him to keep his views to himself . He never thought about stopping even after Frazier requested he stop speaking out . When football , same-sex marriage and politics collide "  I said , ` Well , no . That 's not the right thing to do . We are all American citizens . We all deserve to live our lives free of oppression , ' " Kluwe told CNN . The Vikings said in a statement Thursday : "  Any notion that Chris was released from our football team due to his stance on marriage equality is entirely inaccurate and inconsistent with team policy . Chris was released strictly based on his football performance . " In his final season , Kluwe , 31 , ranked 17th among punters in the 32-team league , averaging 39.7 net yards per punt . This season , the Vikings ' Jeff Locke , a fifth-round draft pick , was 18th with a 39.2 yard average . Are athletes who speak their minds out of bounds ? Kluwe said that after the Vikings drafted Locke in April he knew he was done with the team so he kept notes of his interactions with team officials . "  I realized I need to get all this stuff down now while it 's fresh and make sure I have it because this is a story I would like to tell later , " he said . As a result of telling his story in the Deadspin article , Kluwe believes his time in the NFL is over . After he was cut , he had a tryout with the Oakland Raiders but did n't get the job . He said speaking publicly about team matters was , in this case , like throwing a stick of dynamite on a bridge -- one that can never be crossed again . But he thinks the Vikings investigation will reveal the truth , if his former teammates are given the opportunity to maintain anonymity when they are interviewed about what they witnessed . He likely wo n't sue the team , he said , reiterating that he believes it was Priefer , Frazier and Spielman that moved to get rid of him . And the Vikings have "  a good track record of getting to the truth , " he said . The team said Friday the investigation in under way and the two attorneys heading the probe will interview current and former members of the organization . Opinion : Pro sports , still homophobic in 2014 HLN 's AJ Willingham contributed to this story .	Chris Kluwe was cut last May after team drafted another punter Kluwe wrote in an online article last week that his position coach was a bigot The coach and team deny he was let go for his outspoken opinions He says he wants his former teammates to be able to be interviewed without being named
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- Automated messages sent from Air France Flight 447 just before it crashed Monday indicate the plane 's systems were providing contradictory information about its airspeed , the jet 's manufacturer said on Friday . Friends and relatives of the 228 people aboard Air France Flight 447 attend a memorial service Thursday in Brazil . That suggests the pilots may have been flying too fast or too slow through the violent weather they encountered before the crash , officials said . In addition , investigators have said the plane 's autopilot disengaged , cabin pressure was lost and there was an electrical failure before the disaster . Airbus confirmed on Friday that in the wake of the crash it sent a Telex to operators of all Airbus models reminding them what to do when speed indicators give conflicting readings . The spokesman said the notice does not mean there is any major flaw in the aircraft , but is simply a reminder to pilots about what to do in the cockpit if they get conflicting information about air speed . Message transmissions from the aircraft in the final moments before it crashed Monday into the Atlantic Ocean show there was an "  indicated inconsistency in measured air speeds , " Airbus said . The company did not elaborate . Experts said that could mean the pilot 's and co-pilots ' sensors were showing different speeds . "  If they 're malfunctioning , it can give a false read that can be misinterpreted in the cockpit , and a disaster can follow , " said Peter Goeltz , the former managing director of the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board . While the pilots themselves sent no distress calls , the aircraft 's computer system relayed about four minutes of automated messages indicating a loss of cabin pressure and an electrical failure , according to investigators . Airbus said it sent the Telex Thursday night after the action was recommended by the French investigating agency , which plans to hold a news conference Saturday morning in Paris , France . Watch as experts question whether recovery is possible " Meanwhile , the hunt for debris continued Friday , a day after a Brazilian air force official said debris plucked from the ocean was not from the Air France jet . A U.S Navy P-3 temporarily based in Brazil has flown three missions -- on Wednesday , Thursday and Friday -- in assisting the Brazilian government search for debris , but found nothing connected to the disaster , U.S. Southern Command spokesman Maj. Darryl Wright said . Earlier Friday , Goeltz said the search for Flight 447 's voice and data recorders is becoming more difficult as ocean currents disperse debris from the crash site . "  The clock 's ticking " in the search for the plane 's recorders , he said . "  The batteries on these locator devices attached to the black boxes have a limited life span -- just 30 days , " he said . "  The longer time goes on , the further away from the actual crash site the debris floats . " All 228 passengers and crew aboard the Airbus 330 are presumed to have died when the plane disappeared northeast of the Fernando de Noronha Islands , an archipelago 355 kilometers  220 miles  off the northeast coast of Brazil . The flight originated in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , and was en route to Paris . Map of Flight 447 's flight path " While the ocean depth in the area where the plane is thought to have crashed presents a challenge , the challenge may not be insurmountable , Goeltz said . "  We 've recovered boxes as deep as 6 - or 7,000 feet , " he said . "  We 've recovered debris from as much as 10,000 feet . " Authorities have said the depth of the water in the area ranges from 3,000 meters  9,840 feet  to 7,500 meters  24,600 feet  . Cmdr. Christophe Prazuck of the French Ministry of Defense said Friday that a French research vessel was expected to arrive this weekend in the search area carrying a deep-diving submersible . The submersible would try to pinpoint the recorders , but must rely on another vessel to retrieve them , he said . The submarine helped recover artifacts from the Titanic disaster . Meanwhile , France 's transportation minister warned that "  extreme prudence " should be used in releasing information about why the plane crashed . It is possible the plane experienced a total electrical failure , officials have said . Goeltz said it is possible the jet 's speed indicator was faulty . "  That could really be disastrous and it 's happened before , " he said , speaking generally . If it malfunctions , "  it can give a false read into the cockpit that can be misinterpreted , " he said . Investigators also said the autopilot system may have failed . A Spanish pilot reported seeing an "  intense flash " near where the plane is believed to have crashed , the Spanish carrier Air Comet said on Thursday . The co-pilot and a passenger on the flight from Lima , Peru , to Lisbon , Portugal , also said they saw a light . Air Comet said the pilot 's report has been sent to Air France , Airbus and the Spanish civil aviation authority . CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this story .	French officials : Sub could find recorders ; other vessel needed for their retrieval Airbus : Automated messages indicate contradictory info provided on airspeeds Such a problem "  could really be disastrous , " ex-U.S. aviation safety official says Expert : Finding where recorders lie on seabed harder as debris scattered
CNN  -- A policeman and a former corrections officer say that on Friday they will unveil evidence of what they claim is their biggest find ever : the body of Bigfoot . The thawed body of a creature reputed to be Bigfoot reportedly weighs more than 500 pounds . Matthew Whitton and Rick Dyer , a pair of Bigfoot-hunting hobbyists from north Georgia , say they found the creature 's body in a wooded area and spotted several similar creatures that were still alive . The carcass of the furry half-man , half-ape is 7 feet , 7 inches tall and weighs more than 500 pounds , they say . However , the two are not disclosing the exact location of their discovery to protect the remaining creatures . Tom Nelson , chairman of the biology department at North Georgia College and State University in Dahlonega , said he 's "  pretty skeptical " the world will feast its eyes on a new species Friday . "  That would certainly rock mammalogy , " joked Nelson , who specializes in the study of mammals . "  I see a research grant in my future . " Whitton and Dyer plan to unveil what they say is DNA and photo evidence of the discovery in Palo Alto , California , in conjunction with a group called Searching for Bigfoot Inc. . A photograph on that group 's Web site shows what appears to be the body of a large , hairy creature with an ape-like face , stuffed into a large freezer . According to a written release , the two announced the discovery on an Internet radio show , "  Squatch Detective , " several weeks ago . iReport.com : Do you believe in Bigfoot ? "  The only person we would allow to come down and verify the body was ` the Real Bigfoot Hunter , ' Tom Biscardi , " Dyer said , referring to Searching for Bigfoot 's CEO , who has been looking for the elusive , legendary creature in the United States and Canada since 1971 . Whitton is a Georgia police officer who is on administrative leave after being shot in the wrist during a pursuit . Dyer is a former prison guard . DNA tests on the body have begun , said the statement , and "  extensive scientific studies " will be done on the body by scientists , including a molecular biologist , an anthropologist and a paleontologist . Nelson , the university professor , acknowledged that new species of animals have been discovered in recent decades and that , in science , "  we always acknowledge the possibility of something new . " But he said that even in north Georgia , home to the Blue Ridge Mountains and the foot of the Appalachian Trail , it stretches the imagination to think a family of 7-foot-tall creatures could have eluded hunters , hikers and creeping development until now . "  To the average person , these places just seem like extreme wilderness where you 'll find lions and tigers and bears , " he said . "  The reality is that you 're never more than a mile from a road . " The group says the animal is male , has reddish hair and "  blackish-gray " eyes and human-like feet , hands and teeth . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	North Georgia men say they 've found a den of Bigfoot creatures They say they 'll reveal details of one Bigfoot on Friday in California The body of the furry half man-half ape is 7 feet , 7 inches tall , they say Men wo n't reveal Bigfoot den 's location because they do n't want others disturbed
CNN  -- Mario Santos likely never made it to the United States . The 18-year-old set out 10 years ago from his native El Salvador in search of opportunity and a better way of life . But he had to travel north through Mexico first . A short while after leaving , he called his parents to tell them he had been beaten and robbed in Mexico , left penniless and without shoes or clothes . It was the last they heard from him . While it 's not certain that Santos is dead , he probably suffered the same fate as 72 migrants from Central and South America whose bodies were found this week in a ranch in northern Mexico , just 90 miles from the U.S. border . Officials are investigating whether they were the victims of human traffickers or drug cartels that prey on migrants . It 's a fate that officials say befalls thousands of Central and South Americans every year . "  It 's brutal , " says Peter Hakim , president emeritus of the Inter-American Dialogue , a non-partisan Washington policy institute . "  This is very big business . It 's very brutal . " It is indeed big business . Human trafficking is one of the most lucrative forms of crime worldwide after drug and arms trafficking , the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime said in April . In Mexico , it is a $ 15 billion - to $ 20 billion-a-year endeavor , second only to drug trafficking , said Samuel Logan , founding director of Southern Pulse , an online information network focused on Latin America . "  And that may be a conservative estimate , " Logan said . That money , which used to go mostly to smugglers , now also flows into the hands of drug cartel members . The Center for Strategic and International Studies , a bipartisan , nonprofit policy institute based in Washington , noted in an August report that human smuggling and other illegal activities are playing an increasingly important role as narcotraffickers diversify their activities . "  The drug cartels have not confined themselves to selling narcotics , " the report said . "  They engage in kidnapping for ransom , extortion , human smuggling and other crimes to augment their incomes . " Some cartels have come to rely more in recent years on human smuggling . "  For the Zetas , it 's been one of their main revenue streams for years , " Logan said about the vicious cartel , which operates mostly in northeastern Mexico . Cartel involvement has increased the risk for migrants crossing through Mexico to get to the United States , said Mexico 's National Commission for Human Rights . An investigation by the commission showed that 9,758 migrants were abducted from September 2008 to February 2009 , or about 1,600 per month . No one knows exactly how many people try to make the passage every year . The human rights organization Amnesty International estimates it as tens of thousands . More than 90 percent of them are Central Americans , mostly from El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras and Nicaragua , Amnesty International said in a report this year . And the vast majority of these migrants , the rights group said , are headed for the United States . "  Their journey is one of the most dangerous in the world , " Amnesty International said . "  Every year , thousands of migrants are kidnapped , threatened or assaulted by members of criminal gangs , " the rights group said . "  Extortion and sexual violence are widespread and many migrants go missing or are killed . Few of these abuses are reported and in most cases those responsible are never held to account . " An indication of how many people attempt the trip can be found in statistics compiled by Mexico 's National Migration Service , which tracks how many migrants are detained and returned to their countries of origin each year . Experts note that these are only the migrants who get caught , and that many -- even most -- are not apprehended . Nonetheless , the Mexican agency said it detained 64,061 migrants last year , 60,383 of whom were from El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras and Nicaragua . About 20 percent of them were females and about 8 percent were under the age of 18 . Some were under 10 . Officials in El Salvador , where the teen-aged Santos started his trip , estimate that about 10,000 Central American migrants suffered some kind of abuse in 2009 . "  The vast majority has been committed by these organized crime gangs , such as the Zetas for example , in the route along the Gulf  of Mexico  , which is where they operate most frequently , " said Juan Jose Garcia , the Salvadoran vice minister for citizens living abroad . "  But we also have found events in which  Mexican  authorities have participated , " Garcia said . The Salvadoran Foreign Ministry estimates up to 150 citizens leave each day for Mexico . Some analysts put that figure at closer to 300 . For most Central Americans , that journey begins with a human smuggler , commonly called a "  pollero . " In the United States , the smugglers are better known as "  coyotes . " For a set fee , usually ranging from $ 850 to $ 5,000 a head , a smuggler will deliver a migrant to the border of the United States or even offer passage across . Problems often arise when smugglers and migrants approach the border and organized crime organizations get involved . "  This is where things get complicated , " said Logan , who is writing a book on the Zetas and is the author of "  This is for the Mara Salvatrucha : Inside the MS-13 America 's Most Violent Gang . " The drug-trafficking organizations charge the "  polleros " a price per person for the right to cross over their territory , a practice called "  derecho de piso , " or right of passage . Or they will abduct the migrants and hold them for ransom from their relatives and friends in the United States or family back home . Often times , the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime said , migrants who are abducted are subjected to sexual or labor exploitation . If the migrants are being held for ransom and the money is not paid in time , the situation can get ugly . "  Sometimes the Mexican organized crime group says , ` The hell with it . We 're not going to deal with these people , ' and they kill them all , " Logan said . That 's what may have happened , Logan said , to the 72 people whose bodies were found Tuesday in a ranch building in Tamaulipas state , about 14 miles  22 kilometers  from the town of San Fernando , near the border with Texas . Or the migrants may have refused to work for the cartel , which is one possibility that has been mentioned in news accounts . A bloody turf war between the Zetas and the Gulf cartels also may have complicated matters because the smugglers may not have known who to pay or may have paid one group and angered the other . "  In Tamaulipas , it 's very hard for a pollero to know who is who , " Logan said . "  The Zetas and Gulf cartels were once allied and now have split . " At any rate , the involvement of the drug cartels has changed the dynamics of human smuggling in Mexico , said Andrew Selee , director of the Woodrow Wilson Center 's Mexico Institute . Selee remembers living in northern Mexico a few years back and knowing that a father-son duo who lived on his block were "  polleros . " "  That 's gone , " Selee said , noting that the costs of having to pay cartels for the right to cross their territory has driven out small-time smugglers . "  They now have to be big enough to handle those costs , " Selee said . Selee and the Inter-American Dialogue 's Hakim point out that increased border security and interdiction by the United States also has led to cartel involvement because of the level of sophistication and complexity now often involved in getting someone across the border . The cartels already have the routes and other facilities in place they use for smuggling drugs . "  We 're no longer talking about a simple process that involves one or two individuals , " Selee said . "  This has become much more dangerous . " As always , profit is the motive . "  The smuggling became profitable the more the United States began to build barriers to immigration , " Hakim said . On Thursday , Amnesty International called on the Mexican government to take swift action about the slayings of the 72 people in Tamaulipas . "  Amnesty International issued a report in April highlighting the failure of Mexican federal and state authorities to implement effective measures to prevent and punish thousands of kidnappings , killings and rape of irregular migrants at the hands of criminal gangs , who often operate with the complicity or acquiescence of public officials , " the rights group said in a release . "  This case once again demonstrates the extreme dangers faced by migrants and the apparent inability of both federal and state authorities to reduce the attacks that migrants face . The response of the authorities to this case will be a test . " It 's too late for the families of the victims . For the parents of Mario Santos , the Salvadoran who disappeared 10 years ago , much of the anguish lies in not knowing what happened . "  If only he would call me on the telephone and I would know he is alive , even if I never saw him again , that would satisfy me , " said his father , Daniel Santos . For thousands of Central American families , the phone does not ring . Journalist Merlin Delcid contributed to this report .	The road to the United States goes through Mexico for Central Americans The journey is "  one of the most dangerous in the world , " rights group says Thousands of migrants are abused each years by smugglers and drug cartels Human smuggling may be a $ 20 billion business in Mexico
CNN  -- Solomon Brown of San Jose , California , is one of the millions of voters who helped elect Barack Obama to be the future president . He 's also one of the voters in California , Arizona and Florida who cast ballots in support of same-sex marriage bans that got considerable support in each state . Jim Smotherman , left , and Pat Wright of La Mesa , California , rushed to get married in June . His voting choices are a picture-perfect model of the paradoxical results of the 2008 U.S. presidential election . They also illustrate how Obama 's inclusive strategy won over many voters who did n't necessarily toe the Democratic Party line . The war in Iraq and the economy were the main issues Brown , 18 , a first-time voter , said he considered in choosing a president . But when the time came to vote on the "  one man and one woman " issue , he followed his moral beliefs and voted in support of California 's Proposition 8 . He said he is n't at all surprised that many voters did the same . "  They did that because of religion , " Brown said of voters . "  They wanted change for the country but were n't going to change their religion . " He had no qualms about voting for Obama , either , and adds that his choice was n't related to race . But he worries what moral beliefs will be taught in coming years . iReport.com : Read Brown 's thoughts on Proposition 8 "  I do n't want a man and a man to be married , " Brown said . "  When I have kids , I do n't want them to see that . " Still , he says he does n't hate gay people and has several gay friends . He emphasizes that he dislikes the fact that people are gay , but not the individuals themselves . "  I ca n't be prejudiced against them , with me being an African-American , " Brown said . "  That would be hypocritical in my eyes . " But Maggie Cassella of Toronto , Ontario , said she watched the U.S. elections and could n't help but feel thankful for being in Canada . iReport.com : Watch Cassella express her disdain over the election "  I 'm tired of talking about it , because I live in a country where I have all my rights now , " she said . "  I talk about politics , but it 's never gay rights because we 're done . " She said she felt upset by the election and could n't help but wonder why voters would want to make the decision to elect a black man as president and then outlaw gay marriage at the same time . "  I would just like someone to talk to an African-American gay person from California or any person from California and ask them what it feels like to have your rights to be an equal citizen taken away concurrent with this great day in history , " she said . "  My guess is it actually does n't feel so great . After all , civil rights are civil rights . I do n't care what anybody says . " iReport.com : Share your story or opinion of same-sex marriage The issue hits close to home for Pat Wright of La Mesa , California , who married his partner , Jim Smotherman , in June . He says he does n't like seeing the animosity from both sides and has personally lost friends over the issue . "  A lot of ugliness and nastiness has come out . I do n't know how these people have a direct connection to God , " Wright said . "  How can people be so badly informed , why are they qualified to vote on my marriage , and should 52 percent of the population be able to take away my rights ? A very ugly situation . " Wright said the couple rushed their marriage because of Proposition 8 and campaigned against it . They were saddened to see "  Yes on 8 " signs in nearby yards , but never expected the proposition to succeed . iReport.com : "  We are still numb and in mourning " Two states away , Fred Thorne of Washington Terrace , Utah , said he was disappointed about the same-sex marriage decisions . Thorne says he comes from a long line of Mormons and that locals ' views are highly shaped by their religion and the church . He describes his parents as "  freethinkers " who encouraged him to break away from the church 's views and support "  equal rights . " Thorne said he thinks religious organizations in Utah have a huge local and national political influence that oversteps the separation between church and state . iReport.com : Watch Thorne discuss "  sexual equality behind the Zion curtain " "  Gays have the right to marry and be openly gay , in my opinion , " Thorne said . "  If it offends somebody , I 'm sorry . I 'm offended that you 're offended by it . " Jason Dinant of Las Vegas , Nevada , said the election of Obama made great strides for equality but did n't signify much "  progress for equal rights " overall . iReport.com : Watch Dinant 's retro black-and-white commentary "  Even though it 's 2008 , we really are still in the 1950s when it comes to gay rights , " he said . Dinant , who is gay , said he feels Obama must make the legalization of gay marriage part of his agenda for change as he assumes the nation 's top post . The move to outlaw gay marriage adds "  discrimination into a state 's constitution , " he said . But the legal side of the issue looms large for John Riolo , a Rhode Island voter who prefers not to state the results of his last-minute voting decision . Riolo says both sides like to dig in their heels , and he wishes they would see eye to eye . iReport.com : Watch Riolo talk about his complex views "  My liberal and some , but not all , of my gay friends see same-sex marriage as a civil rights issue , " Riolo said . "  My conservative friends see gay marriage as fundamentally altering society and/or a violation of religious tradition . " Riolo doubts both religious consequences for gay marriage and violation of civil rights if the unions are banned . He said the decisions should be drawn up in courts and that both sides of the issue should maintain a clear head whatever the result . "  Marriage is little more than a license , " Riolo said . "  It is a privilege given by the state and , like a driver 's license or any other type of license , the state can set up rules and criteria . " But for Wright , who feels fortunate he got to marry his partner , the decision boils down to legislating personal lives and Proposition 8 stings hard . iReport.com : Watch the scene of protests in California "  It has been a kick in the teeth , " he said . "  I ca n't imagine voting on someone 's marriage . "	Solomon Brown voted for Obama and supports Proposition 8 Maggie Cassella upset that black president elected , gay marriage opposed Pat Wright rushed marriage to partner in light of the upcoming vote iReport.com : What do you think ? Share your thoughts on the issue
CNN  -- Two White House-bound turkeys can thank good looks and personality for saving their lives . The 45-pound birds endured months of rigorous training and rose to the head of a class of 20,000 feathered friends vying for a pardon from the dreaded Thanksgiving Day buffet . President Obama on Wednesday continued a tradition of sparing turkeys from the chopping block , as each of his predecessors since George H.W. Bush has done . The National Turkey Federation has presented a bird to the president for more than 60 years , but the early honorees often became dinner . "  It feels pretty good to stop at least one shellacking this November , " the president joked . Apple is the official National Thanksgiving Turkey and Cider is the alternate . The NTF brings two birds each year in case a backup is needed . Both get pardoned , but only one gets to be the official turkey . The names were chosen from hundreds of submissions from students who participated in California Foundation for Agriculture in the Classroom , a program where they learned about how the turkey was raised . This year 's winners are Nicholas Strain turkeys , a breed that originated in California 's Sonoma Valley . While the birds are a bit larger than a typical tom , they 've been living off a typical diet of corn and soy beans . The annual turkey  and his alternate  will now be living a life of luxury , but moving to the front of the flock was hard work . Twenty-five birds from a hatch of 20,000 born the week of July 10 were relocated to a small ranch outside of Modesto , California , said Yubert Envia , vice president of turkey and prepared foods for Foster Farms and this year 's chairman of the NTF . Since six weeks of age , those birds have been in training , getting used to being handled and in the spotlight . They listened to music , ranging from country to rock , to get acclimated to a variety of sounds . The turkeys toured eight schools along the West Coast before the pack was narrowed further . Then , last Friday , the remaining birds competed in a high-stakes beauty contest . "  We had the birds walk around to make sure they had a good strut on them and they were walking well . We were looking for nice white plumage on them , good feathering and a nice fanning tail , " Envia said . The finalists were selected and separated for a final round of handling and two standouts were dubbed the winners . The turkeys had two days to prepare before boarding a plane for the East Coast .  And yes , they did get their own version of a pat down  . "  The birds made it great . No broken feathers or anything like that . That was a great trip for them , " Envia said . Before the White House ceremony , the birds spent time getting used to the nation 's capital and relaxing at the W Hotel . After the official pardon , the birds will travel to Mount Vernon , where they will live out the rest of their lives . "  It was George Washington that declared a day of thanks ... so what better place to retire than the home of the first president of the United States ? " Envia said . "  We 're pretty excited about Mount Vernon , and I think the birds are really going to enjoy themselves over there . "	President Obama pardoned official Thanksgiving turkey Turkeys listened to music , visited schools in preparation for national debut Two winning turkeys flew from California to D.C. and got their version of a pat down Turkeys will live out their lives on Mount Vernon
At the height of his power , Zhou Yongkang controlled police forces , spy agencies , court systems and prosecution offices across China -- and the domestic security czar was n't shy in deploying his vast assets to crush dissent and unrest in the name of "  preserving social stability . " During his reign before retiring in 2012 , as worsening income inequality and official corruption fueled mass discontent nationwide , Zhou oversaw the domestic security budget swell to surpass that of the two million-strong Chinese military -- the world 's largest . As a member of the ruling Communist Party 's Politburo Standing Committee -- China 's top decision-making body -- Zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people . Away from the spotlight , though , Zhou and his family members were reportedly taking advantage of his leadership position to accumulate enormous wealth . The allegedly blatant exchange between money and power , as revealed by China 's state media , would eventually prompt Zhou 's shocking downfall last summer . After months of intense political rumors , the Communist Party 's disciplinary arm in late July announced a formal investigation into Zhou for "  serious disciplinary violations . " On Saturday , state-run Xinhua news agency reported his arrest after the Communist leadership expelled him from the party . Zhou 's case was sent to the country 's highest prosecution authority , paving the way for a criminal trial that would make him the most senior official ever to face corruption charges in the history of the People 's Republic . Party investigators found the 71-year-old former leader received huge bribes , abused his power to benefit family and friends , and leaked state secrets , according to Xinhua . He was also accused of having affairs with multiple women , and trading power and money for sex . Anti-corruption campaign Many have viewed his fall from grace as a watershed moment in the secretive world of Chinese politics now ruled by President Xi Jinping , who has been spearheading a massive anti-corruption campaign ostensibly targeting "  tigers and flies " -- high-ranking and low-level officials -- alike . "  The important thing here is that Xi has proven he 's powerful enough to break this taboo of never incriminating former Politburo Standing Committee members , " said longtime political analyst Willy Lam with Chinese University of Hong Kong . Unlike Xi , who is "  Communist royalty " thanks to his father 's status as one of Chairman Mao 's comrades in arms during the revolution , Zhou was born to a poor family in eastern China . His father was an illiterate farmer but borrowed money to send him to school . Smart and hardworking , Zhou did n't disappoint and went on to become one of the few local students admitted into an elite university in Beijing . That school , now called China University of Petroleum , was the cradle for titans in the state oil industry . After graduating with a degree in oil exploration , Zhou was assigned to an oil field in the country 's northeast and rose through the official ranks from the late 1960s through the mid-1980s . Described by many as a capable and humbling young party cadre , Zhou was remembered more for his political savviness than technical knowledge . His political skill shone when he was transferred to the oil ministry in Beijing , which later became a giant state-owned oil company and one of Zhou 's power bases . Decisive leader Overcoming factional wars in the ministry , Zhou was said to be a decisive leader who focused on expanding domestic oil exploration as well as overseas projects , a two-pronged strategy that would continue to this day . Fast growth of business abroad made supervision from Beijing harder , sowing the seeds for corruption . In 2001 , after a stint as minister of land resources , Zhou was named the Communist Party chief of Sichuan in southwest China , one of the country 's most populous provinces . State media there portrayed Zhou as an eloquent leader with a clear vision , and credited him for luring high-tech companies including Intel to the southwestern province , as well as modernizing the agriculture and tourism sectors . Zhou also developed strong local ties and planted officials loyal to him -- including secretaries he brought from Beijing -- in key postings throughout the province . Zhou 's big break came in 2002 when he returned to Beijing and was put in charge of the ministry of public security , which runs the country 's police forces . Five years later , he rose to the apex of power by taking a seat in the nine-member Politburo Standing Committee -- with an expanded portfolio that covered all domestic security affairs . His reign coincided with a time of mounting social and ethnic unrest as well as such major events as the Beijing Olympics in 2008 , the 60th anniversary of the People 's Republic in 2009 and the World Expo in Shanghai in 2010 . Ruthless hardliner As the leadership prioritized security and stability above all else , Zhou greatly expanded police power at the expense of already-limited judicial independence , cementing his reputation as a ruthless hardliner among political dissidents and activists . It was also during this period that Zhou became a patron of Bo Xilai , a fast-rising political star who was waging his own controversial war against organized crime in the southwestern metropolis of Chongqing . Bo 's spectacular downfall in 2012 -- complete with tales of murder , bribery and betrayal -- attracted global attention . State media cited his subsequent conviction on corruption charges as a prime example of Xi 's resolve to clean up the party . Bo supporters , however , have long called him a political victim as the former high-flying politician was once considered Xi 's main challenger for the top spot of Chinese leadership . Political activists and observers now note the similarity between the Bo and Zhou cases . "  Zhou challenged Xi 's authority and threatened his rule -- that 's why he 's now being held responsible along with his gangs , " offered Hu Jia , one of China 's leading political dissidents , who was thrown into prison for more than three years on "  subversion " charges when Zhou first took over nationwide law enforcement . "  The bottom line is : All officials are corrupt , " he added . "  Xi ca n't find a better excuse to rid of his political opponents than fighting corruption -- something that helps him win the masses ' hearts and minds . "  The people being investigated for corruption are on the losing side of factional struggles , " echoed Lam , the Hong Kong analyst . "  People who are close to Xi are less liable to becoming incriminated . " Zhou 's family , aides probed Those close to Zhou have fallen with him . State media have reported official investigations -- and formal arrests in some cases -- into dozens of Zhou 's family members and former aides . The biggest impact was felt in the domestic security apparatus , state oil industry and Sichuan province -- three places Zhou once ruled . Details have also emerged in Chinese media about possible skeletons in Zhou 's closet , including the suspicious circumstances surrounding the death of his first wife . Most stories , though , have focused on the vast wealth amassed by Zhou 's older son as well as his two brothers and their families . The Zhous reportedly benefited immensely from China 's booming energy and real estate sectors thanks to Zhou 's deep ties to the two related ministries . Zhou 's older son , who is 42 , is said to own multiple luxury properties worth millions of dollars . Before even turning 30 , the younger Zhou 's first foray into business met with fast growth and quick success after winning a contract to upgrade IT systems for 8,000 gas stations across China . His companies also reportedly reaped huge financial gain from buying and selling oil fields and hydropower stations . State media reports also indicated that one of Zhou 's younger brothers , a onetime farmer , used Zhou 's influence to launch a "  crisis management " business and profited from helping people get out of jail , enter police academy and sell steel pipes to state-owned oil fields . Other published articles have painted an intricate web of officials , cronies and tycoons -- some with alleged mafia connections -- orbiting around the domestic security czar before the crumbling of his power structure . "  I think , unlike Bo Xilai , Zhou Yongkang will cooperate with investigators because his family is involved , " said analyst Lam , predicting a suspended death sentence for both Zhou and his older son . "  His only incentive now is to protect his son -- he will toe the line to protect his son . "	Zhou arrested as part of corruption probe , expelled from Communist Party Zhou Yongkang was a member of the ruling Communist Party 's Politburo Standing Committee He 's the highest-ranking official to get caught up in President Xi Jinping 's anti-corruption campaign Zhou was also a patron of Bo Xilai , a former a fast-rising political star who was jailed for graft
CNN  -- A final autopsy report released Wednesday shows that Florida A&M University drum major Robert D. Champion suffered muscle damage commonly seen in such events as car accidents , prolonged seizures , child abuse and torture , an expert said . The alleged fatal beating suffered last month by Champion , 26 , during a marching band hazing must have been brutal , two experts said . "  His muscles were beaten so badly that they were destroyed like you would see in a heart attack , " Dr. Howard Oliver , a forensic pathologist who is a former deputy medical examiner in the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office , told CNN after reviewing the autopsy findings . Band bus a complex crime scene , expert says The damaged muscles leaked out a protein called myoglobin , "  and it 's too much for the kidneys to process . It causes the kidneys to fail , " which results in death , Oliver said . The muscle damage is called rhabdomyolysis , Oliver said . "  Most of the time it 's in  car  accidents or in people who freeze to death , and you get it in a lot of people who have prolonged seizures or in people who are in extreme physical activity like running in a marathon , " Oliver said . "  You see it in torture or child abuse and severe burns when the muscles get damaged . " In the case of seizures or freezing to death , people "  shiver and it really works the muscles over a long period of time , and it damages them , and they release the protein , " Oliver said . Lawrence Kobilinsky , professor of forensic science at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York City , said the beating must have been severe . "  This kid took a real beating over his body , " Kobilinsky told CNN after reviewing the autopsy report . "  They 're saying that the beating was so powerful , it just squashed the tissue . "  These are extremely forceful blows that this kid took , all over his back and his arms and his shoulders . It 's kind of like in Egypt where they beat up that poor woman yesterday , " Kobilinsky said Wednesday . "  It 's interesting that there is no trauma to the neck or no trauma to the head . It 's interesting that they are avoiding those areas , " Kobilinsky said of the people who delivered the beating . Added Oliver : "  They just pummeled him . " Had they aimed for his abdomen , "  he would have bled to death . " The autopsy was performed by Associate Medical Examiner Sara H. Irrgang of Florida 's District 9 Medical Examiner 's Office in Orlando , with oversight from Chief Medical Examiner Jan C. Garavaglia . That office serves Orange and Osceola counties . The complete autopsy report follows a press release issued last week by the medical examiner 's office that called Champion 's death a homicide . The medical examiners said in that statement that Champion died November 19 because of "  hemorrhagic shock " -- the result of excessive internal bleeding -- "  due to soft tissue hemorrhage , due to blunt force trauma sustained during a hazing incident . " Champion collapsed in Orlando on a bus carrying members of the Florida A&M Marching 100 band after a football game that included a halftime performance by the band . Christopher Chestnut , the lawyer for Champion 's family , has charged that Champion died after receiving "  some dramatic blows , perhaps  having an  elevated heart rate " tied to "  a hazing ritual " that took place on the bus . Some band members have said Champion died after taking part in a rite of passage called "  crossing Bus C. " One member , who spoke on condition of anonymity , explained that students "  walk from the front of the bus to the back of the bus backward while the bus is full of other band members , and you get beaten until you get to the back . " No one has been charged in Champion 's death ; the Orange County Sheriff 's Office is investigating the case . The medical examiner 's office said last week that Champion "  collapsed and died within an hour of a hazing incident during which he suffered multiple blunt trauma blows to his body . " The autopsy conducted after his death found "  extensive contusions of his chest , arms , shoulder and back , " as well as "  evidence of crushing of areas of subcutaneous fat " -- which is the fatty tissue directly under a person 's skin . Champion did n't have any bone fractures or injuries to his internal organs . The medical examiner did n't find any evidence of "  natural disease except for a slightly enlarged heart , " nor did toxicology tests reveal signs of drugs or alcohol .	Medical examiner releases complete autopsy report of FAMU 's Robert D. Champion "  His muscles were beaten so badly that they were destroyed , " an expert says "  The beating was so powerful , it just squashed the tissue , " another expert says
Las Vegas  CNN  -- President Barack Obama traveled to Las Vegas on Monday to launch a Western trip that mixes campaigning with presidential business -- and an appearance on "  The Tonight Show . " After a campaign event at The Bellagio hotel and casino Monday afternoon , Obama met with homeowners at a private residence to announce new efforts to help homeowners with refinancing . The government 's Home Affordable Refinance Program will be changed to make it easier for homeowners to capitalize on current low interest rates by refinancing old , high-interest mortgages . The new rules will allow homeowners who owe more than 125 % of the market value of their homes to get the new loans . "  So let me just give you an example . If you 've got a $ 250,000 mortgage at 6 percent interest rates , but the value of your home has fallen below $ 200,000 , right now you ca n't refinance . You 're ineligible , " Obama said , according to a copy of his remarks released by the White House . "  But that 's going to change . If you meet certain requirements , you will have the chance to refinance at lower rates , which could save you hundreds of dollars a month , and thousands of dollars a year on mortgage payments . " In addition , Obama told the gathering , "  there are going to be lower closing costs , and certain refinancing fees will be eliminated -- fees that can sometimes cancel out the benefits of refinancing altogether . " The changes also will allow consumers to shop around for better rates beyond their original lenders , he said . Learn why the program probably wo n't help the real estate market The president then traveled to Los Angeles , where he was expected to deliver remarks at two more campaign events . On Tuesday , Obama will tape an appearance on "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno , " according to the White House . The last time the president appeared on the show , in March 2009 , he caused controversy by attempting to poke fun at his poor bowling skills -- evident during a 2008 campaign stop . He told Leno he bowled 129 in the White House bowling alley and said his bowling skills were "  like Special Olympics or something . " Before the show aired , the president called Special Olympics Chairman Tim Shriver to apologize , White House officials said , and stress his intention was not to humiliate the disabled . Shriver called Obama 's apology "  sincere and heartfelt , " but noted in a written response , "  This is a teachable moment for our country . " After the "  Tonight Show " taping , Obama will travel to San Francisco for a fundraiser , according to the White House . On Tuesday night , he will be in Denver to push his jobs agenda . Other private fundraisers will also be sprinkled in , officials said . A Democratic official estimates the campaign will haul in more than $ 4 million from six fundraisers in three states . It 's the second time in less than a month that Obama has headed west to push for jobs and raise campaign cash . A senior campaign official noted the importance of spending time in the region , saying the "  campaign has already established an extensive operation in Western states . " And they expect to make "  heavy investments there . " The official singled out Colorado , Nevada , New Mexico and Arizona , where the campaign has offices and field staff . In 2008 Obama won decisively in Nevada , Colorado and New Mexico , but lost to Republican John McCain in McCain 's home state of Arizona . This time around the economy remains under heavy downward pressure despite efforts by the Obama administration to turn things around . In Nevada , home prices have plummeted by 53 % since the peak , and according to online real estate site Zillow , 85 % of the state 's homeowners owe more than their homes are worth . At his fundraiser at the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas Monday , the president acknowledged that "  things are tough right now , " but he reminded the audience of some 300 supporters of his accomplishments . "  As tough as things are right now , we were able to stabilize this economy and make sure it did n't go into a great depression , " the president said . While the campaign is targeting key Western states , officials realize every vote will be critical . "  Our goal in 2011 is to build the biggest organization possible to compete on the widest playing field possible in 2012 , " the campaign official said . CNN 's Alex Mooney , Dan Lothian , Lesa Jansen and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	Obama announces changes in the Home Affordable Refinance Program He will tape an appearance on "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " President will also visit Denver later in the week
CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's upbringing was shaped by two very different parents . An image of Michael Jackson and his parents was on the big screen during his funeral in Los Angeles . His mother , Katherine Jackson , has been portrayed by her children as the loving glue that bonded the family together , while her husband , Joe , was the harsh disciplinarian whose iron hand not only shaped one of the most successful musical families in the world , but also elicited enough fear in his superstar son that it sometimes made him ill . Now the couple of 60 years stands at the center of a custody drama surrounding their grandchildren . Michael Jackson 's will , filed in 2002 , designated his mother as caregiver for Prince Michael , 12 , Paris , 11 , and "  Blanket , " 7 . It is the latest installment in the many trials that have tested the Jackson family , not least of which has been the unexpected loss of its most famous member . " -LSB- Katherine 's -RSB- taking it real hard , " Joe Jackson told ABC News about his wife 's coping with their son 's death . "  When you start talking about Michael , she starts crying . " By many accounts , Katherine Jackson , 79 , shared a special bond with her second-youngest son . In a 1993 interview with talk show host Oprah Winfrey , Michael Jackson spoke glowingly of the matriarch . "  My mother 's wonderful , " he said . "  To me , she 's perfection . " According to a biography posted by A&E Networks , Katherine Jackson was born Kattie B. Screws in 1930 in Barbour County , Alabama . Her family reportedly relocated to East Chicago , Indiana , when she was 4 , and her name was changed to Katherine Esther Scruse . A childhood bout with polio left her with a permanent limp . She was a teenager when she met Joe Jackson , an aspiring musician and a boxer whose first marriage dissolved . Katherine said it was love at first sight . "  I just had a feeling that he was going to be my husband , " Katherine Jackson said in an interview shot last year by Xonger Global Entertainment Networks for a planned reality show about the family . The video was obtained by ABC News . "  The first time I saw him , I fell in love with him . " Together , they raised 10 children in a modest Gary , Indiana , home , while Joe worked as a crane operator , according to the A&E biography . A devout Jehovah 's Witness , Katherine nurtured the children 's love of music by singing with them , made her sons ' costumes as their father booked local gigs , and served as the family 's backbone . "  As best as I could tell from both talking to -LSB- Michael -RSB- and my observations of the family throughout the years , Katherine was the one that had really unconditional love for Michael and was always there , was always supportive and was always comforting , " said journalist and CNN contributor Bryan Monroe , who conducted the last major interview with Michael Jackson . "  It was the epitome of a mother 's love . " Joe Jackson 's relationship with his famous son was a bit more complicated . Monroe said the hard taskmaster -- who Michael said sometimes held a belt in his hand as he and his brothers rehearsed -- evoked mixed emotions from the singer . "  In my interview with him , -LSB- Michael -RSB- spoke almost in the same breath of the fear he had of Joseph 's sternness ... and at the same time the respect he had for Joseph 's work ethics and his teachings , " Monroe said . "  He said -LSB- Joseph -RSB- taught him and his brothers an awful lot about discipline and performance . " According to the biography posted by A&E Networks , Joe Jackson was born in Arkansas in 1929 and pursued fame early on , first as a Golden Gloves contender and later as a member of The Falcons , a band he started in the mid-1950s . When he noticed musical talent in his brood , he formed the Jackson Brothers with his three oldest sons and served as their manager . The group later became The Jackson 5 , with young Michael serving as lead singer , and shot to superstardom . Psychotherapist Daniel Aferiat , who never treated any Jackson family members , said such an awesome responsibility for a young Michael Jackson could account for the conflicted emotions he expressed in his 1993 interview with Oprah Winfrey . "  I just wish I could understand my father , " he told her . "  If as a small child Michael Jackson was involved in making business decisions and had to have the burdens in some ways of the financial responsibility for the family , then it can turn around who 's the caretaker and who 's being taken care of , " Aferiat said . Aferiat said children identify with their parents and learn how to operate in the world based on how they are treated by their parents . The drive for stardom and perfection that Joe Jackson reportedly instilled in his children would have long-lasting effects , Aferiat said . "  People are complicated , and while we all would like to think in more black-and-white terms -- someone 's good and someone 's bad -- -LSB- Michael Jackson -RSB- had a very complicated , very difficult and , what I would unequivocally say from what I 've heard in the news , a traumatic life , " Aferiat said . "  If you are a child and you have to give up your childhood , it 's not like a pair of shoes that you just get to replace at a later time . You do n't get that back . " By many accounts , Katherine Jackson tried to keep her children 's lives as normal as possible given their fame , even during their adulthood . Author Richard Hack co-wrote the 1995 book "  Jackson Family Values : Memories of Madness " with Margaret Maldonado , the mother of two of Jermaine Jackson 's children . He said Katherine Jackson was "  like Mother Earth " to her family . "  She kept everyone pretty well grounded because she did n't buy into all of the publicity and a lot of the glitz , " said Hack , a noted biographer who has written 17 books . "  Mind you , she did drive around in a Rolls Royce , but she still knew how to make a meal . She would get into the kitchen and bring the family together . " Back then , Hack said , most of the family lived together in the Encino compound . These days , Katherine still resides in California , while her husband reportedly has relocated to Las Vegas , Nevada . "  We 're not together all of the time , " Katherine Jackson said in footage from the planned reality show . "  We stayed together for many , many years . " "  But we see each other all the time , " she added . "  I go to Vegas and he 'll come here . " Their living arrangement could become an issue during a custody hearing . Katherine Jackson was granted temporary guardianship of the children by a judge several days after her son 's death . It is still unknown whether Debbie Rowe , the biological mother of two of the children , will seek custody . Watch opinions on who should get the kids " While Katherine is the only parent seeking legal custody of Michael Jackson 's children , his father has been quoted by ABC News as saying he believes the two of them are ideally suited to take care of and raise the children "  to be strong Jacksons . " Hack , the co-author of "  Jackson Family Values , " said that in the past Joe Jackson 's children viewed him as the "  instigator and dictator " who no longer managed their careers but still viewed himself as their voice . A bit of that behavior was on display last year when the elder Jackson returned to Gary , Indiana , and endorsed a planned family museum . The Post-Tribune newspaper reported that he did n't believe the city needed to gain his famous children 's approval to build the project . "  I 'm Joe Jackson , " he was quoted as saying . "  I do n't need them to approve anything . " But when it comes to Michael Jackson 's children , the court will have the final say .	Joseph and Katherine Jackson had different parenting styles , observers say Katherine viewed as family backbone while Joe reportedly a harsh taskmaster Author : Katherine Jackson "  kept everyone pretty well grounded " Michael Jackson 's mother is seeking custody of his children
KANO , Nigeria  CNN  A military plane on Tuesday dropped a bomb on mourners in a Niger village on the border with Nigeria , killing 37 people and wounding 20 others , residents and a regional security source in Niger told CNN . "  A military jet on an operational mission against Boko Haram targets accidentally attacked a funeral gathering in Abadam Faransa , killing several people , " the security source said Wednesday on condition of anonymity . Resident Abatcha Kaloma , who assisted with the burials of the dead , said 37 people were killed and 20 were wounded , figures backed up by a community leader who did n't want to be named . It was unclear which nation 's military carried out the bombing , but residents blamed Nigeria , a charge it denied . Air Commodore Dele Alonge , a spokesman for the Nigerian Air Force , said the military did n't conduct air raids in that area Tuesday . The security source would n't say where the plane was from . Cameroon , Chad , Niger and Nigeria have in recent weeks stepped up a coordinated offensive against Boko Haram , which is based in Nigeria . Chad and Nigeria have used fighter jets as part of a regional alliance to defeat the Islamist group that has recently escalated its deadly attacks on Nigeria and its neighbors . The incident took place around 6:30 p.m. outside the home of a local official who died hours earlier . Boko Haram , whose name translates as "  Western education is sin , " has been waging a yearslong campaign of terror aimed at instituting its extreme version of Sharia law . Its tactics have intensified in recent years , from battling government soldiers to acts disproportionately affecting civilians -- such as raids on villages , mass kidnappings , assassinations , market bombings and attacks on churches and unaffiliated mosques . Much of this violence has taken place in Nigeria . But neighboring countries , such as Cameroon and Chad , have also been hit increasingly hard . Niger became more of a target after its decision to join the regional alliance fighting the Islamist group . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this story .	Nigeria denies it flew any sorties in the area on day in question Security source says it was an accident as target was Boko Haram militants Resident who helped bury dead says 37 people were killed
New York  CNN  -- The wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. was charged with drunken driving after a police officer saw her run over a curb outside a school , authorities said Tuesday night . Mary Richardson Kennedy was arrested Saturday night in Bedford , New York , a sergeant with the town 's police department said . Kennedy 's blood alcohol level was 0.11 , said Sgt. Matthew Dunn . The legal limit is 0.08 . He confirmed published reports that an officer saw Kennedy drive over a curb outside a school in her station wagon . A message left for Robert Kennedy 's spokesperson was not returned . Bedford , in Westchester County , is about an hour north of New York City .	Mary Richardson Kennedy charged after police officer saw her run over a curb Arrest was Saturday night in Bedford , New York Police : Kennedy 's blood alcohol level was 0.11
A controversial advertisement that critics say is hateful toward Muslims will appear in New York City subway stations starting next week , despite the city 's attempts to halt the campaign . New York 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority initially rejected the ad , which reads : "  In any war between the civilized man and the savage , support the civilized man . Support Israel . Defeat Jihad . " The authority 's decision was overturned last month when a federal judge ruled that the ad is protected speech under the First Amendment . Jihad -- Arabic for "  struggle " -- is considered a religious duty for Muslims , although there are peaceful and violent interpretations of what it means . The American Freedom Defense Initiative , which produced the ad , has been fighting to place the message in New York 's subway system since last year after the authority refused to display it . "  We do n't think it 's controversial , " said Pamela Geller , the executive director of the American Freedom Defense Initiative . "  It 's truth . The MTA has run anti-Israel ads before and no one had an issue about it . ` Any war on innocent civilians is savagery ' : What 's controversial here ? " Starting next week , the ads will be displayed in 10 of the city 's more than 400 subway stations . The exact locations have not been selected by the transportation authority . Geller said she had no qualms about releasing the message amid ongoing protests against an American-made anti-Islam film clip that led to the death of the U.S. ambassador to Libya last week . "  If it 's not a film , it 's a cartoon , it 's always some event , " Geller said . "  I will not sacrifice my freedom . " She noted that other places such as San Francisco have had these ads appear on buses with disclaimers next to them . It 's the latest controversy fueling the debate over free speech versus hate speech . In addition to protests over the film clip , a French satirical magazine published cartoons on Wednesday featuring a figure resembling Islam 's Prophet Mohammed , triggering security concerns . "  These hate ads are part of a larger problem , " said Muneer Awad , executive director of the Council of American-Islamic Relations . "  We 're trying to make sure MTA has policies to discourage hate speech . " Awad wants to ensure that anyone seeing the ads next week are aware that the message is not sanctioned by the city of New York . "  It is a hate group paying for these advertisements ; an avenue to promote hate speech , " said Awad . "  Millions of people will see this , we want to make sure they realize that it is not  promoted by  the city of New York . " While his council can not stop the ads , Awad hopes transit officials will put a disclaimer on the advertisements and redirect any funding of the ad to the Human Rights Commission . The MTA is considering amending its advertising policies as soon as next week to prohibit all noncommercial advertisements , spokesman Aaron Donovan said . It is unclear what effect that might have on the American Freedom Defense Initiative 's advertisement .	Controversial "  Defeat Jihad " ad to appear in several New York subway stations next week Last year , city transit officials refused to display the ad That decision was overturned by a federal judge last month Group behind ad says it 's not concerned about inflaming Muslims
CNN  -- An 85-year-old American man detained in North Korea has apologized for his actions , including for killing troops and civilians during the Korean War , North Korea 's state-run news agency reported Saturday . KCNA released a statement it claimed was from Merrill Newman -- a Palo Alto , California man who , his family says , has been held in North Korea for more than 30 days . "  After I killed so many civilians and  North Korean  soldiers and destroyed strategic objects in the DPRK during the Korean War , I committed indelible offensive acts against the DPRK government and Korean people , " Newman said , according to the "  apology " reported by KCNA . Is U.S. man detained in North Korea a bargaining chip ? His statement ends : "  If I go back to  the  USA , I will tell the true features of the DPRK and the life the Korean people are leading . " In addition to this statement , KCNA ran a story alleging Newman came to North Korea with a tourist group in October and afterward "  perpetrated acts of infringing upon the dignity and sovereignty of the DPRK and slandering its socialist system . " Searching for spies This story claimed that Newman tried to "  look for spies and terrorists who conducted espionage and subversive activities against the DPRK . " Investigators determined that , as a member of the U.S. military , he "  masterminded espionage and subversive activities ... and , in this course , he was involved in the killings of service personnel of the Korean People 's Army and innocent civilians . " "  The investigation clearly proved Newman 's hostile acts against the DPRK , and they were backed by evidence , " the KCNA story added . "  He admitted all his crimes and made an apology for them . " Until now , Pyongyang had not explained why it was holding Newman . Family begs for his release There was no apparent immediate response from the U.S. government to the reported apology or the accompanying North Korean official news report . Washington does not have diplomatic relations with Pyongyang , and it has been working through Sweden -- the U.S. protecting power in North Korea -- to obtain information about the American . The retired financial consultant was last seen aboard a flight from Pyongyang to Beijing . Just minutes before the plane was to depart , he was removed from the flight by North Korean authorities . According to his family , he had been on a 10-day organized private tour of North Korea . From phone calls and postcards he sent , the trip was going well and there was no indication of any kind of problem , his son said . Family begged for his return Newman 's family could not be immediately reached for comment about the North Korean claims or the reported apology . But in recent days , they had voiced their concern about him . In an interview with CNN on Monday , his wife said they hoped he 'd be home for Thanksgiving . "  We need to have Merrill back at the head of the table for the holidays . And we ask -- respectfully -- for them to release him and let him come home , " Lee Newman told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . She said Newman has a heart condition and only packed enough medicine for the trip . She has sent packages of medication , but said she does not know whether he has received them . Other detained Americans Newman is one of two American citizens being held in North Korea . The other one , Kenneth Bae , was arrested in November 2012 and sentenced in May to 15 years of hard labor . The North Korean government has said he was found guilty of "  hostile acts " and attempts to topple the government . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Merrill Newman was detained more than a month ago in North Korea , his family says He issues an apology to North Korea for his actions , state news reports "  I committed indelible offensive acts against " North Korea , he reportedly says State news claims investigators found Newman "  masterminded espionage "
FORT CAMPBELL , Kentucky  CNN  -- The 101st Airborne 's senior commander in effect ordered his soldiers Wednesday not to commit suicide , a plea that came after 11 suicides since January 1 , two of them in the past week . An Army honor guard stands ready to fire a salute at Fort Campbell . "  If you do n't remember anything else I say in the next five or 10 minutes , remember this -- suicidal behavior in the 101st on Fort Campbell is bad , " Brig. Gen. Stephen J. Townsend told his forces . "  It 's bad for soldiers , it 's bad for families , bad for your units , bad for this division and our army and our country and it 's got to stop now . Suicides on Fort Campbell have to stop now . " Fort Campbell 's suicide rate , the highest in the Army , "  is not a good statistic , " he said in remarks to one of four divisions he addressed during the day . After nearly one soldier per week committed suicide at the post between January and mid-March , the Army instituted a suicide prevention program that "  seemed to be having good effects " until last week , when two more suicides occurred , he said . "  Suicide is a permanent solution to what is only a temporary problem , " Townsend said . "  Screaming Eagles do n't quit . No matter how bad your problem seems today , trust me , it 's not the end of the world . It will be better tomorrow . Do n't take away your tomorrow . " He urged anyone feeling hopeless or suicidal to "  tell somebody . " "  You would n't hesitate to seek medical attention for a physical injury or wound ; do n't hesitate to seek medical attention for a psychological injury . " Townsend exhorted any soldier who suspects that a fellow soldier may be feeling suicidal to act -- first by asking how the soldier feels , then by escorting him or her to help . "  Do not wait , " he said . Soldiers can turn to their leaders , chaplains , medics , social workers , teammates , family and friends , he said . "  Do n't let yourself , your buddies or your families down , " he said , ending his comments by repeating , "  This has got to stop , soldiers . It 's got to stop now . Have a great week . " But Townsend 's message -- called a Second Suicide Stand-Down event -- is likely to be ineffective , said Dr. Mark Kaplan , a professor of community health at Portland State University in Oregon , who has researched veterans ' suicide and served last year on a Veterans Administration blue-ribbon panel on suicide risk . "  It sounds like an order , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I 'm not sure that a command like this is going to alter the course of somebody who is on a trajectory of self-harm . " He suggested the Army might want to adopt the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs model . "  They 're dealing with a comparable problem with a similar population , " Kaplan said . "  They have infused more sensitivity to their approach to suicide prevention as opposed to this . This is like any other order . " The military culture attaches a stigma to mental illness that needs to be reduced , he said . Soldiers who acknowledge they are considering suicide can suffer severe repercussions , such as losing opportunities for promotion and access to firearms , he said . If the Army is serious about addressing the problem , it needs to address the stressors common to soldiers , including financial problems , marital problems , frequency of deployments , length of deployments , deployments to hostile environments , exposure to extreme stress and service-related injuries , he said . The role of alcohol too must be addressed if the rate of suicide is to be lowered , he said . "  More often than not , these are individuals who 'll get liquored up , so to speak , and have access to a gun and die from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , " Kaplan said . Bill Lichtenstein , who serves on the board of the Rosalynn Carter Fellowships for Mental Health Journalism , the advisory council of the Center for the Advancement of Children 's Mental Health at Columbia University , and on the advisory board of Families for Depression Awareness , was equally unimpressed with Townsend 's tack . "  It 's the equivalent of ` Just Say No ' to prevent drug abuse , ' " he told CNN in a telephone interview . Screening techniques that involve a series of questions are available to identify people at risk for suicide , he said . "  Prominent among them , if not the most important question is : Have you made a plan for suicide ? Using a simple battery of questions , you can suss out people who might be at risk , which is far more important than telling somebody , ` Do n't take your life , ' " Lichtenstein said . The problem is not limited to Fort Campbell . The Army has reported 64 potential active-duty suicides this year ; 35 have been confirmed as suicides , and 29 are pending determination of manner of death . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this story .	Brig. Gen. Stephen J. Townsend spoke to troops about suicide problem Do n't hesitate to seek medical attention for a psychological injury , he says Suicide bad for soldiers , families , units , army , country , says general Fort Campbell 's suicide rate , highest in Army , "  is not a good statistic , " says general
CNN  -- A free Lamborghini in Miami , Florida . Brazos , a new luxury condo development in Austin , Texas , will auction off its rooms at deep discounts in May . Complimentary housekeeping in Phoenix , Arizona . Two bedrooms for the price of one in Atlanta , Georgia . It 's a buyers market again for condominium shoppers after years of artificially high prices and speculation . Marketing gimmicks , along with auctions , upgrades and incentives , continue to be wildly popular for developers desperate to relieve the inventory glut . "  We want to move the products as fast as we can , " said Summer Dunham , marketing manager for Starpointe Communities , which develops luxury condominiums in Scottsdale , Arizona , one of the first states slammed by the nation 's housing crises . "  It was very slow in 2008 . Everyone had difficulty selling . " So in February , the determined company auctioned off 20 four-story condominiums overlooking a golf course , private park and three swimming pools against a mountain backdrop . The upscale properties were priced as high as $ 1.6 million before the market sank . The auction was declared a success for the company , which sold nearly all of its units in a weak market where only 115 out of nearly 2,000 available units have closed in the first quarter of this year , according to a report by Metrostudy , a research firm tracking the condo market . And bargain hunters were jazzed to pay , on average , $ 600,000 for a unit at the auction . "  Developers will bend over backwards to sell these units , " said Brad Hunter , chief economist at Metrostudy . "  There is no limit on the number of ways they will work with someone to sell at this point . " Condominium sales continue to sag amid soft demand from buyers . Metrostudy reported that sales prices nationwide have dropped from a massive and unsustainable pace that reached a crescendo in 2006 . Sales are at a virtual standstill today . For example , only 158 units closed out of 3,137 available units in Palm Beach County , Florida , during the first three months of this year , according to Metrostudy . The situation has only worsened with the economic downturn , Hunter said . Buyers are tightening their wallets and demanding lower prices . Recovery is n't expected for several more years in some markets , the firm says . Even more troublesome , thousands of new units are entering saturated condo markets such as Miami , Florida , and Phoenix , Arizona . Much of the financing from the projects came before the condo market collapse , experts say . Meanwhile , the value of existing condominiums is falling . The National Association of Realtors found that the prices for existing condos has dropped nearly 16 percent since 2006 . The small number of recent sales probably were brought on by the deep discounts , said Walter Molony , spokesman for the group . "  The condo market is starting to improve , but you still have a long way to go , " Molony said . Other prospective buyers are having trouble obtaining loans to make down payments in a tight credit market , housing experts say . This month , Fannie Mae implemented additional fees on condominium loans regardless of applicants ' credit scores . Some private mortgage lenders are also refusing to give loans to buyers for condos that are empty or have delinquent owners . But if buyers do have the cash saved up , now may be the best time to finance . Interest rates have fallen to under 5 percent in some places . In some condo markets , marketing teases are still popular . While they may not make the sale , they spark interest , sellers say . "  At one point , they were giving away free flights , free Vespas , " said Ben Kakimoto , a Realtor at John L. Scott Real Estate specializing in condos in Seattle , Washington . Kakimoto said at least five more high-rise luxury condos are set to open in downtown Seattle this year in addition to the oversupply already on the market . His research shows there is a 9.2-month supply of condos in Seattle -- the highest number his company has ever seen . A healthy market should have about five or six months of supply , he says . High-end shoppers will find luxury properties like the South of Fifth development in South Beach , Florida , which offered a free Lamborghini worth $ 260,000 when buyers purchased one of the multimillion-dollar properties , said Sildy Cervera , who managed the sales . "  The fear factor is still holding people back , " said Cervera , who ended the promotion this month after receiving ample inquiries but few buyers . In recent months , auctioning has become a popular way for developers to liquidate their properties . When consumers name a price , they can feel confident they are getting rock-bottom prices , said Chris Longly , a National Auctioneers Association spokesman . Auctioning also can encourage more buyers , he said . Next month in Austin , Texas , Kennedy Wilson , a California company that handles auctions nationally , will auction units at the Brazos , a sophisticated development with prices previously at $ 200,000 to $ 1.6 million . Instead , the starting bid prices will range from $ 80,000 to $ 600,000 . Kennedy Wilson President Rhett Winchell said he has received four times as many inquiries for auctions in the last year , compared with the previous year . "  We can sell out 30 to 50 properties at one single event , " he said . Last month in Atlanta , sellers auctioned off The Horizon at Wildwood , where sleek contemporary condos originally priced at $ 375,000 went for $ 200,000 . In Atlanta , only 645 units units sold , leaving more than 6,000 units unsold in 2008 , according to Haddow & Company , a real estate consulting firm . It was here , at the Horizon auction last month at a W Hotel -- where drinks and finger foods were served -- that cattle rancher George Drake , 73 , and his wife purchased a new two-bedroom condo for nearly 40 percent off . "  I got a fine deal , " said Drake , who is currently painting the walls before he and his wife move in next month . "  I am really pleased . "	Condo market continues to see slow sales in cities like Miami , Phoenix and Atlanta Thousands of units will come onto the market this year despite declining demand Auctions are selling upscale properties at 40 percent off to cut their inventory Marketing gimmicks like free cars , housekeeping or upgrades are also offered
In stark contrast to the bellicose gesturing that has haunted relations in the recent past , North and South Korea took conciliatory steps in each other 's direction Friday . Both sides will halt the harsh rhetoric , they agreed at a bilateral meeting on the heavily militarized border that divides them . They hope that this and other agreements will serve to build trust between Pyongyang and Seoul , Kim Kyou-Hyun , a high South Korean security official , said after the meeting wrapped up . Pyongyang has been particularly irked by joint military exercises between South Korea and the United States , and would like them to cease . The next ones are scheduled for later this month , and the North views them as a prelude to an invasion . Last year , Pyongyang 's threatening rhetoric reached alarming levels during the exercises , heightening tensions in the region . Last week , the North threatened that if February 's maneuvers went forward , it would back out of planned visits between members of Korean families separated from one another since the civil war in the 1950s . But , on Friday , they agreed to let them go forward . The reunions of about 200 people -- 100 from each country -- are scheduled to take place between February 20 and 25 at a resort on the North 's side of the border . They coincide with the planned military exercises . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged the countries to build on the momentum that will be generated by their agreement to hold family reunions . "  Tension between the two Koreas has been high and inter-Korean relations have remained strained for far too long . As such , this important development is a step in the right direction , " Ban said in a statement Friday . He encouraged both sides to continue high-level engagement and take further steps to build confidence and trust . Trust us So far , South Korea and the United States have rejected the North 's calls for this year 's joint drills to be called off . In September , North Korea canceled a previous round of family reunions with only a few days ' notice , accusing Seoul of souring ties between the two countries . Officials from the North told the delegation from the South on Friday that it feels the military exercises and the humanitarian issue are connected , Kim said . The South rejected that connection in principle but asked the North for its trust in working out tensions over the joint military exercises . The North agreed to this . Both sides also decided to hold another meeting at a future date , Kim said . The current talks at the Panmunjom Peace House came at the suggestion of the North and took place Wednesday and Friday . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry visited Seoul on Thursday , where he met with South Korea 's President Park Geun-hye . He reiterated Washington 's stance that the United States will not accept a nuclear armed North Korea and criticized a lack of progress by Pyongyang on this issue . Kerry visited Beijing on Friday , in part to talk with Chinese leaders about their influence over Pyongyang .	U.N. leader urges countries to advance high-level engagement Both sides will cut the harsh rhetoric , a South Korean official says South Korea asked the North for trust in handling a poignant issue that divides them The North agreed , and made a gesture of good will to back it up
Beijing  CNN  -- A Chinese musician famous for playing a two-stringed fiddle , a 1994 Hollywood drama about two prison inmates , a United Airlines flight bound for Washington and CNN -- what do they have in common ? If you try to search "  Abing , " "  the Shawshank Redemption , " "  UA898 " and "  CNN " on Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , you receive this terse message : "  According to relevant laws and policies , results are not displayed . " These terms have joined a fast-growing list of keywords blocked by Chinese censors as they try to prevent the public from obtaining news on a prominent human rights activist who recently escaped his more than 18 months of house arrest in eastern China . Chen Guangcheng is now in the U.S. embassy in Beijing , and American and Chinese officials are scrambling to resolve his situation , his friends and supporters have said . In a video posted online Friday , the blind activist recounted the brutal treatment he and his family received during confinement . While Chen 's plight and dramatic escape have made top headlines around the world , news outlets in China , all of which are state-controlled , have mostly ignored the story . Clinton traveling to China amid tensions over Chen Major web portals and social networking sites , though not state-owned , have to comply with strict government censorship rules -- or risk being shut down . After launching a campaign to clean up "  rampant online rumors , " Chinese authorities in late March ordered the country 's leading micro-blogging sites -- including Sina Weibo -- to disable their comment function for three days . Outside a busy Beijing subway station Monday , CNN randomly asked more than three dozen people about Chen -- only two had heard of him and his escape . One of the two , a young man who declined to give his name , said : "  It was all over Weibo for a while before the topic was censored . " "  It 's a typical response by officials and quite a successful strategy in making it extremely difficult to spread information beyond some small circles of activists , " explained Jeremy Goldkorn , a leading commentator on China 's social media . "  But people interested in such things will still manage to find out . " They also get creative in Chinese cyberspace to evade censors , especially on the popular Sina Weibo site , where a third of China 's more than 500 million internet users share news and information . With Chen Guangcheng 's name long-since banned , netizens have come up with various code words . The obvious ones , like his initials "  CGC " or "  blind man , " were caught by censors quickly and added to the search blacklist . Then people tried Abing , the famous early 20th Century Chinese musician who was also blind . "  The Shawshank Redemption " was used to tell Chen 's saga as some see the parallel in the storyline of inmates -- Chen was a prisoner in his own home -- enduring great suffering before eventually breaking free . The United flight number went viral online Friday as Chen was rumored to be on that plane en route the United States . It turned out to be a false alarm . CNN , like most other international news media , has followed Chen 's story for years and provided extensive coverage on his situation since his escape . Other newly banned keywords include Chen 's home village "  Dongshigu , " "  U.S. embassy " and "  pearl " -- nickname of Chen 's friend He Peirong , who drove him to Beijing and was taken into custody after the news broke . Despite the official blackout , some Chinese journalists have tried to spread the word in covert ways . On Netease , one the country 's biggest web portals , editors Monday morning posted a clip of a TV news story on the "  sudden early arrival " of a senior U.S. official ahead of a scheduled visit by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton later this week . One of the tags for the video was "  Chen Guangcheng . " Within a few hours , the 25-second clip has attracted some 25,000 comments . One of the top comments reads : "  I know why he came but I ca n't say it -- or I 'd be revealing state secrets . " I took a screenshot of the webpage showing Chen 's name and posted it on my Sina Weibo account . It was reposted several hundred times before censors removed it . Chen 's name disappeared from the video tags on the Netease page shortly after that . Since Friday , eight of my last ten Weibo posts have fallen victim to the site 's censors . Most of them are related to Chen , including reaction from supporter and Hollywood actor Christian Bale as well as links to my CNN stories . By Monday afternoon , "  StevenCNN " -- my Weibo name -- has become a banned search term .	Chinese censors block a growing number of keywords related to blind activist Chen Internet users in China often get around the censors by using codewords online Chen Guangcheng is now in the U.S. embassy in Beijing after fleeing house arrest Codewords such as "  Abing , " "  the Shawshank Redemption , " "  UA898 " and "  CNN " blocked on web
CNN  -- The militant fighters of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  have been engaged in a campaign of violence against the Turkish state for more than two decades with the goal of establishing an autonomous Kurdish homeland . PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan , pictured in 1992 . Ocalan is currently serving a life sentence in a Turkish prison . The PKK accuses Turkey of oppressing Kurdish culture and suppressing Kurdish nationhood . More than half of the world 's Kurds  10 to 12 million  are estimated to live in Turkey , making up a majority in the country 's south-eastern region . Iraq , Iran and Syria also have sizeable Kurdish minorities . But the group is considered a terrorist organization by the U.S. and the European Union and is estimated to have been responsible for the deaths of more than 30,000 Turkish security force members and civilians , according to the U.S. State Department . In 1984 the PKK launched a guerrilla struggle in response to the wave of repression that followed Turkey 's military coup in 1980 when the Kurdish language and Kurdish place names banned . By then the group 's founder , Abdullah Ocalan , was living in exile in Syria where he organized PKK training camps . Since the 1980s the group has claimed responsibility for regular ambushes on military targets in the southeast but also bomb attacks across the country , notably in Turkish holiday resorts . During the 1990s the Turkish military launched a concerted campaign to eliminate the PKK threat , adopting commando tactics and targeting the group 's mountain bases . The establishment of a "  no-fly zone " over northern Iraq following the first Gulf War in 1991 also allowed Turkish troops to conduct frequent raids on PKK strongholds across the border . In 1998 , under intensive Turkish pressure , Syria expelled Ocalan and shut down the PKK camps he had established there . Ocalan was snatched by Turkish commandos a few months later while seeking asylum in Kenya . Despite calling for a PKK cease-fire and peaceful negotiation following his capture , Ocalan was sentenced to death in 1999 following a trial condemned by the European Court of Human Rights . However his sentence was reduced to life imprisonment when Turkey abolished the death penalty in 2002 . In the same year Ocalan 's brother , Osman Ocalan , who had inherited leadership of the PKK , vowed to form a new group to campaign peacefully for Kurdish rights . But the frequency of PKK terror attacks has steadily risen since 2004 and Turkey claims the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq and the country 's subsequent instability following the overthrow of the Saddam Hussein regime in 2003 has enabled the PKK to regroup . It accuses the PKK of launching attacks on Turkish targets from secret bases in the mountainous and semi-autonomous Kurdish region of northern Iraq . Earlier this year Turkey sent large contingents of soldiers , tanks , guns and armored personnel carriers to reinforce its frontier . But following the deaths of 27 soldiers and 12 civilians in recent attacks , Turkish military leaders have urged the government to give them the green light to strike at PKK bases inside Iraq . E-mail to a friend	PKK militants engaged in violent struggle against Turkish state since 1980s Group calls for establishment of an autonomous Kurdish homeland Estimated to have killed more than 30,000 in attacks on Turkish forces , civilians Turkey accuses PKK of attacking Turkish targets from bases in northern Iraq
Tallahassee , Florida  CNN  -- How did two convicted murderers allegedly get their hands on forged documents that granted them early release from a Florida prison ? Authorities believe it all started with one inmate teaching another how to fabricate the legal paperwork . From inside the Franklin Correctional Institution in North Carrabelle , south of Tallahassee in Florida 's Panhandle , Nydeed Nashaddai apparently trained inmates how to create the legal-looking documents with bogus signatures of prosecutors and judges , Gretl Plessinger , a spokeswoman for the state Department of Law Enforcement , told CNN on Wednesday . One of 2 Florida escapees ordered sent back to Franklin Correctional Institution Nashaddai used a similar technique in 2009 to walk away from the Pinellas County Jail before authorities figured out the scheme and recaptured him a day later , according to prison records . The revelation came the same day that the head of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement told state lawmakers that Charles Walker and Joseph Jenkins had help inside and outside the prison to pull off their elaborate escape . "  There is a group , a gang , inside . They worked with people outside , " Commissioner Gerald Bailey , head of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement , told the Appropriations Subcommittee on Criminal and Civil Justice . Fake papers for Florida cons called ` cottage industry ' Neither Plessinger nor Bailey said whether investigators believe Nashaddai taught the two men directly . He is no longer housed at Franklin Correctional , Plessinger said . She did not say when he was transferred or why . Citing confidential inmate sources , Bailey told the panel that the documents were sent out by the prisoners to people on the outside , who in turn filed the bogus documents . Walker and Jenkins , both 34 , had been serving life terms without parole for unrelated killings at Franklin Correctional Institution when they allegedly escaped . Jenkins walked out September 27 , while Walker left October 8 . Both used legal-looking documents with bogus reproductions of several key players ' signatures , including those of the Orlando-area state attorney and Judge Belvin Perry , plus the seal of the Orange County clerk of court 's office . Both men were recaptured in late October and now face escape charges . Bailey did not identify those who allegedly helped the men , telling lawmakers only that there is a list of suspects . There also is no evidence of employee involvement , he said . State officials have been investigating the scam for about a year and had warned state prosecutors about the schemes over the summer , authorities have said . Authorities have not detailed how the inmates allegedly pulled off the scheme . But the escape has prompted a review of law libraries in state prisons as well as inmate use of computers and processing equipment "  to make sure we are not giving them too much , " Michael Crews , head of the Florida Department of Corrections , told the committee . State prisons are also strengthening their review of prisoner releases , he said . Any future judicial order that changes the release date of an inmate will be verified with the judge who signed it , Crews said . To date , the state Department of Corrections has reviewed 7,800 of more than 9,300 prison release documents for possible fraud , Crews said . So far , no fraud has been detected , he said . Perry , the judge whose signature was forged , recommended to the legislature that penalties for doctoring and forging documents be increased . Among the evidence authorities have collected in connection with the escape arrests is a cell phone that was seized in the prison , Plessinger said . She did not identify whom the phone belonged to , only that it was "  one of the inmates connected to this gang or group of people . " Plessinger did not detail the evidence collected on the phone , saying only "  it 's been a vital source of information . " While Bailey did not specifically address the cell phone during his testimony before lawmakers , he did say investigators were analyzing documents , electronic devices and a "  history of calls and text messages to and from Walker and Jenkins . " Last 2 Oklahoma jail shower escapees captured CNN 's John Murgatroyd contributed to this report	Investigators are looking at texts between Charles Walker and Joseph Jenkins Nydeed Nashaddai used a similar scheme to escape jail , prison records show The prisoners sent the documents to someone on the outside , an official says Walker and Jenkins , both 34 , have been recaptured
CNN  Feeling so happy you just ca n't stand it ? You might want to pop some acetaminophen . A new study has found that acetaminophen , the main ingredient in Tylenol , most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines , reduces not only pain but pleasure , as well . The authors of the study , which was published this week in Psychological Science , say that it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain . But their new research led them to the conclusion that it also blunted joy -- in other words , that it narrowed the range of feelings experienced . "  This means that using Tylenol or similar products might have broader consequences than previously thought , " said Geoffrey Durso , a doctoral student in social psychology at Ohio State University and the lead author of the study . "  Rather than just being a pain reliever , acetaminophen can be seen as an all-purpose emotion reliever . " The researchers tested their thesis by showing 82 college students 40 photographs -- some of highly pleasant images , such as children with kittens , and some of highly unpleasant images , such as children who were malnourished . Half of the participants in the study were given "  an acute dose " of acetaminophen -- 1,000 milligrams -- and the other half were given a placebo with the same appearance . The subjects were then asked to rate the photos according to how unpleasant or pleasant they were . Those who took the acetaminophen rated all the photos less extremely than those who took the placebo . "  In other words , positive photos were not seen as positively under the influence of acetaminophen and negative photos were not seen as negatively , " the authors reported . The researchers followed up by testing a group of 85 people to see whether this change in judgment applied just to emotions or whether the drug blunted people 's evaluation of magnitude in general . This group showed the same blunting of emotional reactions . But acetaminophen did not affect how much blue they saw in each photo . But people who participated in the study did not appear to know they were acting differently , said Baldwin Way , an assistant professor of psychology who was another of the study 's authors . "  Most people probably are n't aware of how their emotions may be impacted when they take acetaminophen , " Way said . Each week , about 23 % of American adults -- or 52 million people -- use a medicine containing acetaminophen , according to the nonprofit Consumer Healthcare Products Association . The authors said it was not known whether other pain relievers , such as ibuprofen and aspirin , have the same effect . But have no fear -- they plan to study that question , as well .	Subjects taking acetaminophen reacted less strongly to both pleasant and unpleasant photos Each week , 52 million Americans use the pain reliever Unknown whether other pain products produce the same effect
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A plea deal has been reached in the assault case against singer Chris Brown , defense attorney Mark Geragos said in a hearing Monday . Chris Brown , at court Monday , will serve five years probation and must do jail time or community service . Brown , 20 , faced charges of assaulting his pop star girlfriend , Rihanna , following a row earlier this year . Under terms of the agreement , Brown will serve five years of probation and must serve 180 days in jail or the equivalent -- about 1,400 hours -- in "  labor-oriented service , " said Sandi Gibbons , spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office . He must also undergo a year-long domestic-violence counseling class , she said . Brown 's sentence is comparable to other felony sentences when the defendant has no previous record , she said . "  This is not an easy sentence , " Gibbons said . He must check in with a probation officer every three months . Brown had previously pleaded not guilty to felony counts of assault and making criminal threats in connection with an attack on Rihanna . But under the plea deal , he pleaded guilty to one count of assault with the intent of doing great bodily injury in connection with the argument inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street in February . See a timeline of events in this case " Rihanna , whose real name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty , made a brief appearance at the hearing -- after Brown had left the courtroom -- to hear Los Angeles Criminal Court Judge Patricia Schnegg discuss the issuance of a "  stay away " order requiring him to stay 100 yards from her . Through her attorney , Rihanna had requested that such an order not be issued . But Schnegg refused that request , saying she would issue such an order but would revise it to 50 yards -- 10 yards if the two are at the same "  industry event " together . Schnegg told Rihanna , who was wearing a black dress with white pearls around her neck , that she would consider lifting the order after Brown completes his domestic violence counseling but advised Rihanna not to contact Brown . Asked whether she understood , Rihanna said she did before leaving the courtroom via a back door . Rihanna 's attorney , Donald Etra , said Rihanna made the request because she felt that a protective order in place , requiring that Brown not annoy or harass her , was sufficient . Schnegg said Brown could apply to have his supervised probation transferred to Virginia , where he maintains his legal residence . He also can complete his community service there , she said , but it would have to meet the court 's standards . "  I want Mr. Brown treated as any other defendant who comes to this court , " Schnegg said . She noted , however , that he has no prior criminal record . Gibbons , of the district attorney 's office , explained that the judge wants Brown to work -- remove graffiti , for instance -- as part of his service . "  His sentence is not based on what he 's available to do , " Gibbons said . "  His sentence is what he 's going to do , or he 's going to go to state prison for four years . " Dressed in a light plaid suit , Brown answered "  guilty " when asked his plea by Assistant District Attorney Mary Murray . Formal sentencing was set for August 5 . After the hearing , Geragos said of Brown , "  as long as I 've known him in connection with this case , he 's wanted to take responsibility . " He said Brown is thankful to those who offered him support and noted that he is "  a kid who 's never been in trouble before " who wants to "  move past this " and get out the message that domestic violence is not acceptable . Brown "  embraces this as an opportunity to get his life back on track and get his career back on track , " Geragos said , adding that Brown will speak further after his sentencing . Etra said after the hearing that Rihanna "  was fully prepared to testify and she would have told the truth about what happened that evening . " He said she did not object to the plea agreement . Rihanna had not attended any of the hearings in the case but had been following the case closely , Etra said earlier . She did not file a complaint against Brown , but the prosecution 's case was built on what she told detectives and on physical evidence collected from her , including photographs of her bruised and battered face . It was not Rihanna who called police but someone who heard her screams for help , according to a sworn statement by Los Angeles Police Detective DeShon Andrews . The statement , filed with the court to support a search warrant for cell phone records , described a brutal attack against Rihanna , allegedly by Brown . Andrews said the incident began when Rihanna , who was riding in the sports car driven by Brown , found a text message on his cell phone from "  a woman who Brown had a previous sexual relationship with . " "  A verbal argument ensued , " followed by the physical attack , the statement said . It went on to describe the assault in great detail , saying Brown punched her numerous times and put her in a head lock , restricting her breathing and causing her to start to lose consciousness . He threatened to "  beat the s -- t out of you " and kill her , according to the statement , and also bit her ear and her fingers . Eventually , "  Robyn F. began screaming for help and Brown exited the vehicle and walked away . A resident in the neighborhood heard Robyn F. 's plea for help and called 911 , causing a police response . An investigation was conducted and Robyn F. was issued a Domestic Violence Emergency Protective Order . " At the end of his statement , the detective said Brown sent a text message nine days later , apologizing . Brown also issued a public apology for the incident just days after his arrest . "  Words can not begin to express how sorry and saddened I am over what transpired , " he said in a statement released by his spokesman . "  I am seeking the counseling of my pastor , my mother and other loved ones and I am committed , with God 's help , to emerging a better person . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this story .	NEW : Singer reaches plea deal over attack on girlfriend Singer will serve five years of probation , do community service Brown pleaded not guilty earlier in connection with assault on Rihanna Brown will undergo domestic violence counseling , judge said
Washington  CNN  -- The Washington Nationals -- the upstarts battling for a playoff spot -- ended the season of its star pitcher to keep him healthy for next year . Stephen Strasburg made his last appearance of the 2012 season Friday , team spokesman John Dever confirmed to CNN . Debate has raged in baseball over the rare move , particularly because the National League-East leading Nationals appear headed to a division title and a post-season berth . The 24-year-old right-hander returned to the mound this season after "  Tommy John " surgery on his right elbow . The Nationals said they would limit him to roughly 160 innings for the year to keep him from reinjuring his pitching arm . Manager Davey Johnson made good on the promise after Strasburg 's rough outing Friday night against the Miami Marlins . A start Wednesday against the New York Mets was supposed to be Strasburg 's final appearance this year . The pitcher finished the season with a 15-6 record , 197 strikeouts and a 3.16 ERA . He pitched 159 and 1/3 innings . SI : How much will Strasburg be missed ? Opinion : Baseball , get tough on pitchers who hit batters One-handed kid meets his baseball idol	Stephen Strasburg is finished for the year He was 15-6 with a 3.16 ERA . He recorded 197 strikeouts The Nationals want to keep ace from reinjuring his arm
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- Indian police fired on pro-independence protesters in Indian-administered Kashmir Monday , killing four people and wounding 16 others , a senior police officer said . The deaths bring to 69 the number of people killed in 87 days of violence , as demonstrators stage large protests and block highways in marches calling for independence for the region . Hundreds of others have been wounded . Monday 's violence came in Palhallan , about 40 kilometers  25 miles  north of Srinagar , when protesters blocked a highway . Police fired to disperse the crowd after some demonstrators began throwing stones , some of them targeting a motorcade carrying the Kashmir zone police chief . Guards accompanying the motorcade chased members of the mob , injuring some in the process , a police spokesman said . The police administration has initiated an inquiry into the shooting , the spokesman said . "  The ammunition of the policemen is being checked to  determine  responsibility . Those found to be involved shall be proceeded against strictly according to the law , " the spokesman said . Thousands of people shouting anti-Indian slogans later blocked the highway . The Muslim-majority Kashmir has seen some of the worst unrest ever against Indian rule since June 11 , when a teenager was killed in Srinagar by a tear gas shell . New Delhi 's efforts to break the cycle of violence have not yet shown any results . Kashmiri separatists have put forth five demands for ending the unrest and starting a dialogue with New Delhi . They include the acceptance of Kashmir as an international dispute by New Delhi , which views it as a domestic problem . They also want the release of detainees and the withdrawal of security forces from civilian areas of Kashmir . The separatists warned that if the demands were not met by the Muslim holiday of Eid , which falls later this week , they will intensify the agitation . Kashmir has been a source of bitter dispute between India and Pakistan . The region is claimed by both , and each rules part of it . Indian-administered Kashmir has been in the throes of separatist violence for the past 20 years , leaving -- according to the official count -- 43,000 people dead . However , many human rights groups and non-governmental organizations say the figure is twice the official estimate .	4 killed in latest Kashmir violence Police fired to disperse protesters blocking a highway and throwing stones Separatists want control of Kashmir , part of which is still ruled by India
Washington  CNN  -- More than 100 people were arrested in front of the White House Saturday after gathering for an antiwar protest on the eighth anniversary of the Iraq war . About 1,000 people from various antiwar groups , including Veterans For Peace , Iraq Veterans Against War and Code Pink , marched around Lafayette Park to make three demands of the Obama administration : stop the war , expose the lies and free Bradley Manning . Manning is a 23-year-old Army private accused of leaking classified military and State Department documents to the whistle-blower site WikiLeaks . He has been held at Quantico military prison in Virginia for nearly eight months . Among those calling for Manning 's release on Saturday was Daniel Ellsberg , a former Pentagon official whose unprecedented leak of thousands of classified documents -- dubbed the Pentagon Papers -- revealed that top American officials were actively concealing the unwinnable reality of the Vietnam War from the public . Ellsberg , who went to trial facing 115 years in prison for his leak , was one of the 113 people arrested at Saturday 's otherwise peaceful rally on charges of "  disobeying an official order . " Police at the protest told CNN the arrests were made after protesters handcuffed themselves to the White House fence . The protesters were transported to a park service facility and served violation notices , the National Park Service said . Ellsberg planned to attend another rally in support of Manning outside the Quantico Marine Corps Base in Virginia on Sunday . CNN 's Alison Harding and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report	About 1,000 people demonstrate in Washington They want WikiLeaks suspect Manning freed It was the 8th anniversary of the war
CNN  -- Civic-minded residents of Bismarck and Mandan , North Dakota , found there 's nothing like a major flood to make new friends while filling thousands of sandbags . As cities along the Missouri River brace for the onslaught , the "  Sunday Sandbag Thrown-Down " in Bismarck resulted in 1,600 people producing about 300,000 sandbags in six hours , Burleigh County Commissioner Mark Armstrong said . "  The crisis is just beginning , " Armstrong said Wednesday . "  There has been a great community spirit . " Over the past few weeks , Armstrong , who has filed several CNN IReport photos and videos of the river and flooding , has been sounding the alarm over the threat to the community . Already , 2,400 residents and 632 homes in the county have been evacuated , he said , adding most of the displaced are staying with family and friends . "  It 's going to get worse , " the official said . "  People who never saw water in their basements are seeing water . " Such flooding has n't happened here in nearly 60 years , before a system of Missouri River dams in North Dakota and South Dakota were in place . In recent weeks , about 15 miles of emergency levees have been built in the capital area , according to Armstrong . Upstream , at Garrison Dam , a peak release of 150,000 cubic feet of water per second is expected later this month . Heavy rains and snow pack runoff could result in near-record flooding along significants portions of the Missouri River this year , officials have said . Armstrong is concerned that a fast melt of an unusually heavy snow pack in Montana could have devastating consequences . Rainfall of 3 to 5 inches in July and August also could potentially destroy levees , he said . Hundreds of National Guard members are in the area , performing levee patrols and other duties . Across the Upper Midwest , townspeople are remembering the devastating Missouri River flood of 1952 , which caused tens of thousands to flee . The 1952 flood saturated parts of downtown Omaha before the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers constructed the current flood protection system , according to CNN affiliate KMTV . The Missouri River in Omaha was at 30.38 Wednesday , slightly more than its peak during the 1993 flood , said National Weather Service meteorologist Rick Chermok . It is expected to rise to more than 32 feet by Tuesday , he said . Flood stage is 29 feet . By comparison , the river was at a record 40.20 feet on April 18 , 1952 . It had an astounding water flow of 396,000 cubic feet per second . The Army Corps of Engineers , which controls the dams , said Wednesday that it is committed to the Missouri River flood fight . "  This will be a long , sometimes frustrating and intense effort as the situation evolves and as we work together to avoid loss of life , minimize damages and help communities deal with the situation , " said Brig. Gen. John McMahon , commander of the Corps ' Northwestern Division . "  The Corps is committed to doing its best in close collaboration with city , county , state and federal agencies as well as congressional representatives and others as we address this daunting challenge . " The Missouri River was 1.39 feet above flood stage Wednesday afternoon at Bismarck , with an increase expected later in the week . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Residents fill about 300,000 sandbags in Bismarck area U.S. Army Corps of Engineers says it is committed to flood fight Melting snow pack adds to flooding woes on Missouri River
CNN  -- Apple is planning to introduce a smart home concept at its upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference , according to a report . The Financial Times says the company is planning to showcase a system that lets users control their lights , appliances and security systems with their iPhones when the conference kicks off June 2 . The rumored introduction comes after Google purchased Nest Labs , a smart thermostat started by former Apple execs Tony Fadell and Matt Rogers , for $ 2.8 billion in January . SEE ALSO : Why Google Just Paid $ 3 Billion for a Thermostat Company A "  select number " of device makers will be certified to offer products that work with Apple 's upcoming system , according to the report , which did n't name any of the manufacturers . Apple could not be reached for comment . The company signaled its interest in the category in a June 2012 patent filling for a technology that connects lighting systems , security systems , garage-door openers , music controllers , climate controllers or kitchen appliances with mobile devices . The Internet of Things , as the class of smart appliances that interact with mobile devices and desktops is known , will account for 9 billion products by 2018 , according to Business Insider .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Report : Apple will join the "  internet of things " soon iPhones would synch with lights , appliances , security Financial times says system will be unveiled at WWDC next month
CNN  -- A crusading Sri Lankan journalist shot dead last week knew he would be killed -- he said so in a dramatic , posthumously published column touching a raw nerve in his war-torn island nation . A candlelight vigil in the Sri Lankan capital in memory of slain journalist Lasantha Wickrematunga . Lasantha Wickrematunga , editor-in-chief of The Sunday Leader , was gunned down execution-style January 8 but spoke from the grave three days later when the newspaper published "  And Then They Came For Me . " That posthumous column anticipated his slaying by government forces and defended the craft of journalism in his country , a profession under fire during its bitter civil war . "  Diplomats , recognizing the risk journalists face in Sri Lanka , have offered me safe passage and the right of residence in their countries . Whatever else I may have been stuck for , I have not been stuck for choice . But there is a calling that is yet above high office , fame , lucre and security . It is the call of conscience , " Wickrematunga wrote . "  People often ask me why I take such risks and tell me it 's a matter of time before I am bumped off . " Wickrematunga wrote that he was twice assaulted and his house was fired upon . "  Despite the government 's sanctimonious assurances , there was never a serious police inquiry into the perpetrators of these attacks , and the attackers were never apprehended . "  In all of these cases , I have reason to believe the attacks were inspired by the government . When finally I am killed , it will be the government that kills me , " he wrote . Sri Lankan President Mahindra Rajapaksa , asked about threats to journalists , voiced assurance that no journalist or media institution had cause to fear any threats or attacks by the government , according to a statement on the government 's official Web site . Watch Sri Lanka 's foreign minister discuss press freedom " "  The government had no interest whatever in seeking disgrace through any attacks on the media , " he said , and he assured media leaders that the culprits would be captured and brought to justice , the statement said . Hostility against journalists and their institutions has been high as the Sinhalese-dominated government forces work to eradicate the last vestiges of Tamil Tiger separatists in the Jaffna peninsula , the rebel-held northern region . The 25-year-old civil war has left more than 65,000 people dead . Sunanda Deshapriya , spokesman for Sri Lanka 's Free Media Movement , said harassment of journalists has been common , and cited these examples from the past year : two journalists killed , another journalist shot at , more than 50 reports of intimidations and threats , 12 media personnel arrested , 16 journalists physically assaulted , one tortured , one assaulted in an abduction attempt , the circulation of a list with 27 journalists targeted for killings , the proposal of a censorship law , and the naming of some journalists as terrorists or terrorist supporters . On January 6 , 15 masked gunmen entered Maharajah TV studios outside the capital , Colombo . The journalism watchdog group Committee to Protect Journalists said the attackers shot at and destroyed broadcast equipment , held staff members at gunpoint , and attempted to burn down the station 's facilities . CNN on Wednesday interviewed the head of Maharajah TV , Chevaan Daniel , about the incident . Afterward , Sri Lanka 's defense secretary , Gotabhaya Rajapaksa , called for the arrest of a person who had talked to CNN , Deshapriya said . CPJ said the government-run media has criticized Maharajah TV for its coverage of a suicide bombing in the capital and "  undermining " a presidential victory speech after government troops took Kilinochchi -- which had been the de facto capital of the Tamil Tigers movement . Government officials have condemned strikes on Colombo and have ordered probes . Bob Dietz , CPJ 's Asia program director , said that "  far too often the government or its unofficial allies have been prime suspects behind attacks on journalists and media organizations , " despite government condemnations and investigations . As the civil warfare first unfolded , Tamil journalists were targeted , Dietz said . But in the past year and a half , mainstream journalists , such as those who raise questions about the government 's military activity , have been facing a crackdown -- even if they are from the majority Sinhalese ethnic group or sharply critical of the Tamil rebel movement . This includes Wickrematunga , who questioned the government 's successes and value of its military actions . "  That really got under the skin of the government , " Dietz said . "  It 's one thing to insult the president , but another thing to insult the military during wartime . " "  This killing is the worst , " said Dietz , who compared it to the impact that would be felt if a New York Times or Washington Post columnist were killed in the United States . Wickrematunga 's killing spurred a demonstration in Colombo by 4,000 people , which Reporters Without Borders said was the largest since the government of Mahinda Rajapaksa took power three years ago . Another protest was to be held on Thursday in London . The title of Wickrematunga 's column was inspired by a poem by a German theologian about how Germans failed to react to Nazism in the past century before it was too late . In his rendition of the poem , Wickrematunga wrote : "  First they came for the Jews and I did not speak out because I was not a Jew . Then they came for the Communists and I did not speak out because I was not a Communist . Then they came for the trade unionists and I did not speak out because I was not a trade unionist . Then they came for me and there was no one left to speak out for me . " Wickrematunga pronounces his pride in his profession 's attempt to chronicle life in a country at war and his paper 's work to bravely represent all people -- "  Sinhalese , Tamil , Muslim , low-caste , homosexual , dissident or disabled . " He casts the paper as an independent organ that faithfully records events . He said the paper lacks a political agenda and wants to see Sri Lanka as a "  transparent , secular , liberal democracy . " "  No other profession calls on its practitioners to lay down their lives for their art save the armed forces and , in Sri Lanka , journalism , " he wrote , adding that "  countless journalists have been harassed , threatened and killed . It has been my honor to belong to all those categories and now especially the last . " "  I have the satisfaction of knowing that I walked tall and bowed to no man . And I have not traveled this journey alone . Fellow journalists in other branches of the media walked with me : most of them are now dead , imprisoned without trial or exiled in far-off lands . " He also castigates the country 's president , who had been a long-time friend . "  In the wake of my death I know you will make all the usual sanctimonious noises and call upon the police to hold a swift and thorough inquiry . But like all the inquiries you have ordered in the past , nothing will come of this one too . "	Lasantha Wickrematunga gunned down execution-style January 8 Posthumous column anticipated his slaying by government forces Govt. : Says no journalist , media institution should fear attack by government Civil war with Tamil Tigers has killed more than 65,000
