Washington  CNN  -- The full Senate formally kicks off debate Tuesday on the bipartisan "  Gang of Eight " immigration reform bill -- a plan which , if enacted , will create a 13-year path to citizenship for most of America 's 11 million undocumented immigrants . Among other things , the measure aims to strengthen border security while raising the cap on visas for high-skilled workers and establishing a new visa program for low-skilled workers on America 's farms and elsewhere . "  This week , the Senate will consider a commonsense , bipartisan bill that is the best chance we 've had in years to fix our broken immigration system , " President Barack Obama said Tuesday . "  If you genuinely believe we need to fix our broken immigration system , there 's no good reason to stand in the way of this bill . " Needless to say , a lot of folks on Capitol Hill disagree with the president . "  This bill has serious flaws , " warned Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  There will need to be major changes to this bill if it 's going to become law . " Here are five key things to know about the state of play on this controversial issue : 1  The ` Gang of Eight ' remains unified Eight men put the bipartisan Senate bill together -- South Carolina Republican Lindsey Graham , Arizona Republican Jeff Flake , Florida Republican Marco Rubio , Arizona Republican John McCain , New Jersey Democrat Robert Menendez , Illinois Democrat Dick Durbin , Colorado Democrat Michael Bennet , and New York Democrat Chuck Schumer . Each of the eight has promised to oppose any major changes to the bill . During Senate Judiciary Committee 's consideration of roughly 300 proposed amendments , Flake and Graham repeatedly sided with the panel 's Democrats in opposing significant changes offered by their fellow conservatives . Schumer and Durbin voted against some amendments proposed by more liberal members , even though the pair said they supported the ideas . Rubio was disappointed that the committee rejected an amendment requiring the use of biometrics -- such as fingerprints -- for visa holders at all of the country 's entry and exit points . But he has n't dropped his support for the overall bill . "  Everybody needs to know it -- who 's calling the shots , " conservative Alabama GOP Sen. Jeff Sessions said at one of the committee 's meetings on the bill . The answer , at least so far , remains the "  Gang of Eight . " 2  Reform advocates have momentum , but there 's a long way to go Advocates for comprehensive immigration reform won their first major legislative victory last month when the Judiciary Committee voted 13-5 to approve the "  Gang of Eight " plan . The committee 's tally was significant in part because three Republicans -- Flake , Graham , and Utah 's Orrin Hatch -- joined the panel 's Democrats in backing the measure . Assuming every member of the Democratic caucus backs the bill on the Senate floor , five Republicans will be needed to ensure it receives the 60 votes needed to pass the 100-member chamber . he bill 's backers have been hoping for as many as 70 votes , in order to give the proposal significant bipartisan momentum heading into the tougher GOP-controlled House . The Senate voted 82-15 to open debate , an important tally but in no way a predictor of how the issue will play out . Make no mistake -- serious momentum will be needed in the House , where conservatives remain deeply skeptical about border security and any path to citizenship for those who entered the country illegally . A lot of conservatives consider the current proposed path to be a form of amnesty , which may as well be a four-letter word in this debate . Any measure that passes the House will almost certainly have to be reconciled with the Senate plan in a conference committee . And assuming that can be done , both chambers would then have to pass the compromise legislation . 3  It 's not clear anything can pass the House A bipartisan working group in the House -- similar to the Senate 's "  Gang of Eight " -- has been on the verge of unveiling legislation for months , according to multiple sources . But it has n't been able to seal the deal , and one of the Republicans in the group recently dropped out . Idaho Rep. Raul Labrador said he was frustrated he could n't get support for a provision ensuring undocumented workers are barred from any taxpayer-funded health care benefits . For his part , Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , has repeatedly said he supports the work of the House bipartisan group . He wo n't , however , weigh in on any policy details . A number of congressional observers believe that after experiencing a backlash from many of his rank and file members for cutting "  backroom deals " on other issues , Boehner wants time to educate his caucus on immigration reform and gain some buy-in for any bill or set of bills . Boehner could antagonize many of his members if he decides to move forward with a bill requiring a majority of Democratic votes to pass . "  If the speaker allows a vote on any immigration bill that results in the passage despite a majority of the Republican conference voting against it , then it will be interesting to see if he can muster the votes to get re-elected after the next election , " Alabama GOP Rep. Mo Brooks recently told CNN . 4  Immigration is Obama 's best shot for big second-term legislative win Why ? Democrats are basically unified on the issue , while Republicans are divided . On Sunday , New Hampshire 's Kelly Ayotte became the first GOP senator outside of the "  Gang of Eight " to publicly endorse the group 's plan . "  This is a thoughtful , bipartisan solution to a tough problem , " she said on CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " Nothing focuses a politician 's attention like an election loss , and Republicans were thumped last year by the country 's growing Hispanic population . Latinos backed Obama over Mitt Romney by a 44-point margin . GOP strategists are concerned about the party 's long term viability in national elections if that trend is not reversed . Some congressional conservatives have already said opposing the "  Gang of Eight 's " plan is a matter of principle and they wo n't bend . But others might . This is a rare moment when the two political parties ' priorities may overlap enough to make Capitol Hill a productive place . 5  Polls -- what does the public think ? Most national polling conducted over the past few months indicate majority support for an eventual pathway to citizenship , as long as undocumented workers clear a series of hurdles such as paying back taxes and fines . Support for a pathway ranges from nearly 60 % to almost 80 % of Americans , depending on the poll . CNN Poll : Most see pathway to citizenship 65 % of Americans back a pathway to citizenship as long as it requires payment of back taxes and fines , according to a May 30-June 2 NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll . 77 % of Democrats support a pathway under such circumstances , compared to 58 % of Republicans and 54 % of independents . People are skeptical , however , about the ability of Congress to get the job done , according to a May 22-28 Quinnipiac University survey . Only 24 % of the Quinnipiac poll 's respondents believe congressional Democrats and Republicans can work together to pass a comprehensive immigration reform bill . 71 % of Americans do n't expect enough bipartisan cooperation to pass such legislation , according to the survey . CNN 's Halimah Abdullah , Paul Steinhauser , and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	Backers of "  Gang of Eight " plan have momentum , but there 's a long way to go The bill will require at least 60 votes -- including some Republicans -- to pass the Senate "  Gang of Eight " bill currently faces stiff opposition in the House Polls show majority of Americans back a pathway to citizenship for undocumented residents
CNN  Turns out , the rich really are getting richer . And they 'll soon own more than the rest of us put together . So says a new report , which estimates that the richest 1 % will have as much wealth as the other 99 % combined by next year . "  The richest 1 % have seen their share of global wealth increase from 44 % in 2009 to 48 % in 2014 , " Oxfam says in a report Monday . At that rate , the wealthiest will own more than 50 % by next year , according to the report . "  Do we really want to live in a world where the 1 % own more than the rest of us combined ? " asked Winnie Byanyima , executive director of the international aid agency . Byanyima will co-chair the annual World Economic Forum in Davos this week . She plans to use the platform at Davos to call for urgent action on the rising inequality . The 80 richest people on the planet have the same wealth as the poorest 3.5 billion people , the report says . "  The scale of global inequality is quite simply staggering ; and despite the issues shooting up the global agenda , the gap between the richest and the rest is widening fast , " she said . "  It is time our leaders took on the powerful vested interests that stand in the way of a fairer and more prosperous world . " While 1 % of the population owns 48 % of the world 's wealth , a majority of the remainder follows the same trend . "  Of the remaining 52 % of global wealth , 46 % is owned by the rest of the richest fifth of the world 's population , " the report says . The remainder of the population only possesses 5.5 % of global wealth . Their wealth last year ? An average $ 3,851 per adult , the report says . Meanwhile , the "  global elite " members had an average wealth of $ 2.7 million each last year , it says . The report comes a day before President Barack Obama is expected to unveil proposals that close tax breaks on the wealthy . Obama will discuss his plans to help the middle class during his State of the Union Address on Tuesday .	Overall wealth of the richest 1 % will outpace that of the other 99 % by next year "  The scale of global inequality is quite simply staggering , " Oxfam director says
CNN  -- Tiger Woods , who suffered minor injuries in a car accident Friday near his Florida home , is not only the greatest golfer the world has ever seen , he is a true sporting phenomenon and one of the most recognizable faces in the world . The 33-year-old was the highest-paid professional athlete in 2008 , reportedly earning an estimated $ 110 million from tournament winnings and endorsements . Although Woods has yet to pass Jack Nicklaus ' overall record of 18 Major tournament victories , he is currently on 14 Major wins , there is little doubt that the Florida native is one of the most iconic sportsmen that has ever lived . Woods , who was nicknamed Tiger by his father Earl , who befriended a Vietnamese soldier of the same name , was destined from an early age to become a golfing great . Before he could walk , the baby Woods -- aged just six months -- was already imitating his father 's swing , and at the age of two he famously appeared on the Bob Hope show to display his already considerable golfing skills . A year later , Woods played nine holes in a remarkable 48 shots and it was no surprise when in 1991 he became the youngest-ever winner of the U.S. Junior Championship at the age of 15 . More success quickly followed , defending his junior title before becoming the youngest-ever winner of the U.S. Amateur Championship . In 1996 , Woods turned professional and signed a reported $ 25 million five-year sponsorship deal with Nike , before claiming his first major with an astonishing 12-stroke Masters victory a year later -- the tournament 's largest-ever winning margin . Three more Majors followed in 2000 , the U.S. Open , British Open and U.S. PGA , before winning his second Masters in 2001 to become the first player ever to hold all four Majors at the same time , dubbed the ` Tiger Slam ' . Success followed success through the decade with notable landmarks including breaking Byron Nelson 's record for 114 consecutive cuts made on the PGA Tour while also passing the $ 40m career earnings mark in 2004 -- the year Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren . The death of father Earl in 2006 prompted Woods to take a nine-week lay-off from golf , following which he missed his first cut in 38 Majors at the U.S. Open . Woods became a father for the first time in 2007 , when Elin gave birth to daughter Sam Alexis but in 2008 recurring problems forced him to undergo a third operation on his left knee . However , he continues to dominate the world golfing scene and proved he has lost none of his brilliance earlier this month when winning the Australian Masters after being paid $ 3.3 million just to appear in the tournament .	Tiger Woods is one of the most recognizable and iconic figures in the world The American can lay claim to being the greatest golfer that has ever lived The 33-year-old was the highest-paid sportsman in 2008 , reportedly earning $ 110 million
CNN  -- Presidential kids are off-limits . That 's the unwritten rule in Washington . But rules are broken -- and Elizabeth Lauten is hardly the first one to do so . Lauten , communications director for Tennessee Rep. Stephen Fincher , resigned from her post after setting off a social media firestorm by railing against the Obama daughters . In a Thanksgiving-Day screed on Facebook , she scolded Malia and Sasha Obama , 16 and 13 years old , respectively , for what she said was their inappropriate outfits and their bored looks during Wednesday 's turkey pardoning ceremony . "  Try showing a little class , " Lauten wrote . "  Dress like you deserve respect , not a spot at a bar . And certainly do n't make faces during televised , public events , " she concluded . She later apologized , but the post went viral . CNN political analyst John Avlon said Lauten 's reaction was "  way out of order . " "  Let 's reality check here , folks . This is a turkey pardon . This is not a matter of war and peace . This is kind of an odd bit of show dating back to Harry Truman , " he said . "  And I think a bunch of teenagers could be pretty easily forgiven for not taking it too terribly seriously without insulting the republic . " GOP staffer resigns over criticism of Obama daughters The White House expressed shock , but so did the GOP . "  Children , especially the first daughters , should be off-limits in the political discourse from attacks , " said Sean Spicer , the Republican National Committee communications director . It has long been a bipartisan goal to respect , and protect , the privacy of presidential kids , who are living in a fishbowl through no fault of their own . But that hands-off policy has limits . Here are some examples from the recent past : Amy Carter Amy was just 9 years old when her father , Jimmy Carter , took up residence in the White House in 1977 . Her first day of class at a public elementary school was a media circus , with photographers snapping shots just a few feet away of her in a stocking cap , jacket and Snoopy tote bag . The school quickly established some ground rules to ensure a semblance of normalcy . Even the Secret Service agents who accompanied her had to wait in an office across the hall . Chelsea Clinton This first daughter turned 13 about a month after the inauguration of her father , Bill Clinton . Wanting her to have a normal childhood , the Clintons asked the media to limit their coverage of Chelsea to public events . "  We really work hard on making sure that Chelsea does n't let other people define her sense of her own self-worth , " President Bill Clinton said in a 1992 People magazine interview . "  It 's tough when you are an adolescent because peer opinion and other people 's opinion become more important . But I think she 'll be OK . " Still , it was n't long before "  Saturday Night Live " and Rush Limbaugh took a crack at Chelsea , mocking her appearance . Limbaugh compared her to a dog . . He then recounted how he apologized once to Amy Carter for calling her "  the most unattractive presidential daughter in the history of the country . " Jenna and Barbara Bush Jenna and Barbara , daughters of George W. Bush , were already young adults -- but not of legal drinking age -- when their names were splashed in headlines during the spring of 2001 after getting caught with liquor . Largely ignored by the media up to that point , the 19-year-olds were branded "  party girls " by the tabloids . Five weeks later , Jenna was in trouble again for attempting to use a fake ID to buy alcohol . A "  New York Post " headline screamed : "  Jenna and Tonic - Bush daughter in new booze incident as twin sister watched . " And all of this happened before the age of social media , in which the Obama daughters now live . When everyone has a voice via Facebook , Twitter and the like , the children of political families may be subjected to the same swings and arrows as their parents . It shows how "  divided and how dumb and mean-spirited so many of our debates are right now , " Avlon said . "  It 's an indication of how ugly and undercutting the politics are that even kids are fair game to some people who are punching way below their weight . It 's ugly , ugly stuff . " Dana Bash , CNN 's chief Congressional correspondent , reported from Washington ; Ed Payne reported and wrote from Atlanta .	There 's an unwritten rule that presidential kids are off-limits A GOP staffer is resigning after breaking that rule Commentators and satirists made fun of Chelsea Clinton The Bush twins got in hot water over underage drinking
CNN  Lewis Hamilton will begin Sunday 's Malaysian Grand Prix in pole position after dominating qualifying in torrential conditions . The Mercedes driver , and current world champion , beat Ferrari 's Sebastian Vettel into second place who himself snatched a front row berth away from countryman Nico Rosberg in the final seconds of qualifying . "  It was a fantastic job for the team to have us both up here again , " Hamilton said , referring to teammate Rosberg 's third place finish . Tension ? Initially it had appeared that the tensions that had marked last season 's title race had re-emerged . Hamilton aborted a flying lap after it looked like Rosberg had blocked him . But both men played down the incident in the post-qualifying press conference . Rosberg , for his part , was more annoyed that Vettel had managed to steal second place at the death . "  I just did n't drive well enough , I 'm annoyed by that , " Rosberg said . "  Third place is not good enough . " Deluge Qualifying took place amid spectacular thunderstorms which delayed qualifying by half an hour . Indeed , Malaysia has become known for such conditions . The 2012 race was halted for an hour and in 2009 abandoned altogether and awarded to Jenson Button after 31 laps . But Hamilton made light work of the conditions , looked the quickest throughout and will try to build on his season opening win in Australia . Yet perhaps the most impressive performance of the day came further down the grid . Toro Rosso 's 17 year old driver Max Verstappen will start the race in sixth in only his second race for the team .	Lewis Hamilton will start the Malaysian GP in pole position Beat Ferrari 's Vettel into second place in torrential rain Max Verstappen , 17 , will start sixth
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- The Florida A&M University Board of Trustees reprimanded the school 's president Thursday for his actions in the aftermath of the suspected hazing-related death of a 26-year-old drum major . The trustees also voted to allocate money to hire a public relations firm to represent the board during the hazing controversy . By an 8-4 vote , the board chose to reprimand President James Ammons instead of putting him on administrative leave as administrators have done to the band 's director , Julian White . During the board meeting , FAMU Trustee Rufus Montgomery proposed administrative leave for Ammons because he said the university "  did not act " following the death of Robert Champion , who died last month after a halftime performance in a football game in Orlando , Florida . But Montgomery dropped the proposal , and the board delivered a reprimand instead . As he argued to put Ammons on leave , Montgomery noted how the board of governors of the State University System of Florida took action before the university 's trustees could . "  It 's been 19 days since the death of a student occurred , a death of a student that was in our structure of authority . I 'm being advised do n't say anything that could put us in a bad position here or there . What is right is right , " Montgomery told the board Thursday . "  This student was under our care , under our authority . We did not act , we did not meet , we generally punted on this issue , " Montgomery added . "  I 'm of the opinion the  State University System of Florida  Board of Governors stepped in to fill the vacuum , when they did not have to . I believe that had we shown action -- prudent actions -- there would not have been a cause for them to have an investigation because we would have been conducting ourselves in a sound manner . The board of governors stepped in in an attempt to do our job , " he said . No cause of death has been released in Champion 's case , but police and university officials both have said they suspect it was related to hazing . Prior to Montgomery 's remarks , Ammons said his administration took "  these occurrences very seriously . " "  We have taken all the actions that are part of policies , practices and procedures in dealing with allegations of hazing . Once allegations of hazing are  determined to be  true , they are immediately referred to our police department if it occurs on campus or to the Tallahassee Police Department if it occurs off campus , " Ammons said . Ammons said his administrators have "  cooperated fully " with Orange County Sheriff 's investigators and added that the school has provided grief counselors to the student body and heightened anti-hazing awareness . White , who has served as director of bands since 1998 , was placed on administrative leave with pay until the investigation is complete . The university rescinded its earlier decision to suspend him , with termination scheduled for December 22 . The school also reversed an earlier decision to dismiss four students "  who received disciplinary action regarding a hazing incident with Mr. Champion , " Ammons said . CNN 's John Couwels reported from Orlando , Florida , and Michael Martinez from Los Angeles .	FAMU trustees opt to reprimand president instead of putting him on administrative leave "  We generally punted on this issue , " a trustee says Authorities are investigating death of drum major Robert Champion , 26
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan electoral officials Monday declared incumbent President Hamid Karzai the winner of another term in office , after canceling this weekend 's second round of voting . U.S. President Barack Obama called Monday for a "  new chapter " of improved governance in Afghanistan now that Karzai 's re-election as president is complete . Observers say Karzai 's real test will be whether he can form a government that is seen as legitimate in the eyes of the Afghan people and the international community . Afghanistan 's Independent Electoral Commission announced Karzai 's victory Monday after it canceled Saturday 's presidential runoff because of the withdrawal of candidate Abdullah Abdullah . A runoff could have been held with just one candidate , but commission president Azizullah Lodin said electoral officials decided to cancel the second round of voting for several reasons , including security and money . The decision was made just a couple of hours before the announcement , according to commission deputy Zakria Barakzai . Afghans went to the polls on August 20 , in a vote marred by widespread fraud . Karzai had initially claimed victory , but two months after the vote , a U.N.-backed panel of election monitors threw out nearly a third of his votes , citing fraud . That left Karzai short of a majority , and he eventually agreed to the runoff . Abdullah had called for the resignations of top election officials and politicians to avert electoral fraud in the runoff . He argued that the commissioners , who are hired by Karzai , can not be impartial . But that request was not met , Abdullah said Sunday , and he did not believe a transparent election was possible . "  I want this to be an example for the future so that no one again tries to use fraud to abuse the rights of the Afghan people , " Abdullah told reporters . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon arrived in Kabul on Monday hours before the commission 's announcement . He issued a statement welcoming the decision , congratulating Karzai , and restating the U.N. 's commitment to supporting the new government . "  This has been a difficult election process for Afghanistan and lessons must be learned , " Ban said in the statement . "  Afghanistan now faces significant challenges and the new president must move swiftly to form a government that is able to command the support of both the Afghan people and the international community . " On Monday , Ban met with both Karzai and Abdullah , as well as U.N. officials , including Kai Eide , head of the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan . The U.S. Embassy in Kabul also issued a statement Monday welcoming the commission 's decision and congratulating Karzai . In Washington , President Barack Obama told reporters in the White House that he had congratulated Karzai in a telephone conversation . "  Although the process was messy , I 'm pleased to say that the final outcome was determined in accordance with Afghan law , " Obama said . He said he told Karzai "  that this has to be a point in time in which we begin to write a new chapter based on improved governance , a much more serious effort to eradicate corruption , joint efforts to accelerate the training of Afghan security forces so that the Afghan people can provide for their own security . " Obama added that Karzai assured him he understands the importance of the moment , "  but as I indicated to him , the proof is not going to be in words , it 's going to be in deeds . " Despite the resolved election issue , Gibbs refused to put a firm timetable on when Obama would announce whether he would increase troop levels Afghanistan . Instead , Gibbs repeated past language that the decision would be made within weeks . "  Now begin the hard conversations about ensuring credibility and ensuring improving governance , addressing corruption " in Afghanistan , Gibbs said . Sen. John McCain , the Arizona Republican defeated by Obama in last year 's presidential race , said Monday that Karzai 's re-election should encourage Obama to fulfill Gen. Stanley McChrystal 's request for up to 40,000 more troops . "  The most urgent priority now is to support our Afghan partners in reversing what General McChrystal has rightly called the ` deteriorating ' security situation , " McCain said in a statement . "  This requires a properly-resourced counterinsurgency strategy , and I urge President Obama to provide our civilian and military leaders with the resources they need to succeed . " The cancellation of the runoff "  puts the election issue behind us , " but Karzai has yet to achieve a true victory , according to the former U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan , Zalmay Khalilzad . "  Now the key issue is how the Afghan people will react to this , what kind of government will President Karzai put together , and how the international community will react , " Khalilzad said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  We 're in a new stage now in Afghanistan . " Khalilzad had predicted last week that Abdullah would quit the race , in an interview for CNN 's "  Amanpour . " "  First , he does n't have much money left , " he said in the interview , which aired Sunday . "  Second , I think that he thinks that given the situation , he 's likely to lose , and maybe he 'll get less votes than he did in the first round , so that would be embarrassing . " Speaking to CNN following his withdrawal , Abdullah said his decision does not mean he has given up public life . "  I will be available to serve this country , " he said . "  At this stage , I am in consultation with my followers , with my supporters and a movement for change will be there and I will lead that movement . There is no doubt about it . " Karzai served as acting president following the U.S. ouster of Taliban rulers in 2001 , then secured a victory in the 2004 elections . He begins his second term in office amid a resurgence of the Taliban . The militants claimed responsibility for a Wednesday attack that killed five United Nations workers -- two of whom were helping with the vote . Nine others were wounded in the attack , on a guest house in Kabul . In response , the United Nations ordered nonessential personnel out of the country . International troop levels increased this year to provide security for the Afghan election in August . Attacks against U.S. and NATO forces have also spiked : 59 American troops died in Afghanistan in October , the highest U.S. monthly toll since the war began eight years ago . CNN 's Jonathan Wald in Kabul , Afghanistan contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama called for "  new chapter " of improved governance in Afghanistan Karzai made president following withdrawal of opposition leader Abdullah Abdullah Abdullah withdrew Sunday , saying he believed the second round would be as fraudulent Hamid Karzai has been president of Afghanistan since December 2004
CNN  -- Christmas trees . Gingerbread houses . Advent calendars . Christmas as we know it is made up of traditions popularized in Germany , and anyone who 's been to one of that country 's legendary Christmas markets knows that a German Yule is hard to beat . Happily , over the past two decades or so many North American towns and cities have decided to import the German Christmas market tradition . The most authentic German-style markets come complete with wooden huts selling traditional crafts , sweet and savory German treats , and the all-important mulled wine  glühwein  in collectible mugs . Most also feature activities and entertainments for all ages . 10 ways to cut loose for the holidays Here are nine glittering Weihnachtsmarkts you can enjoy without flying overseas . Denver Nestled in the snow-capped Rockies , Denver had a strong holiday atmosphere even before introducing its Christkindl Market 12 years ago . Now it channels the Old World at Skyline Park , where glowing stalls sell crafts , gifts and goodies like schnitzel and strudel ; there 's also plenty of music  much of it German  and an on-site skating rink to add to the flavor . Open November 22-December 21 : 11 a.m.-7 p.m. Sunday-Thursday and 11 a.m.-9 p.m. Friday and Saturday . Admission free . Christmas on the estate : 6 grand houses Tomball , Texas Tomball 's big neighbor is Houston , but its sister city is the town of Telgte in northwest Germany . On the second weekend of December that familial relationship is front and center , as the annual German Christmas Market enlivens the Old Town . Highlights include beer gardens , strolling entertainers , free hayrides and Christmas lights tours , as well as a funfair for kids . Friday , December 13 , 6p.m.-10p . m. ; Saturday , December 14 , 10a.m.-10p . m. ; Sunday , December 15 , 10a.m.-6p . m. Admission free . Chicago This year , Chicago 's Christkindlmarket will have its own Christkind -- the blond-haired , elaborately costumed mythical figure who has long been the avatar of Nüremberg 's famed market . Visitors to the open-air event at Daley Plaza will also enjoy a selection of family entertainment , from choirs and theater groups to a lantern parade . Open November 26-December 24 : Sunday-Thursday 11 a.m.-8 p.m. ; Fridays and Saturdays 11 a.m.-5 p.m.  Closes 4 p.m. on Christmas Eve .  Admission free . Elkhart Lake , Wisconsin Though not held in a town , like most markets , the Osthoff Lake Resort 's Old World Christmas Market takes inspiration from the Christmas Market at Nüremberg , the most classic of them all . Stay warm in a heated tent and browse eclectic gifts like Turkish pashminas , Estonia woolens and Russian dolls . Seasonal activities at the resort include cookie decorating workshops , hayrides and brunch with St. Nicholas and his reindeer . Open December 6-15 , 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Admission $ 6 adults ; children 14 and under free . Vancouver , British Columbia Now in its fourth year , the Vancouver Christmas Market lights up the downtown Queen Elizabeth Theatre Plaza for more than a month . Vendors sell merchandise with a strong German emphasis -- wooden toys , nutcrackers , Advent wreaths and more . Refreshments are also true to tradition , including bratwurst , freshly-baked waffles , German noodles and Feuerzangenbowle , a warm rum punch . Open November 22 through December 24 : 4 p.m.-9 p.m. weekdays and 11 a.m.-9 p.m. weekends .  Closes 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve .  Admission $ 6 adults , $ 3 children 7-12 ; children 6 and under free . Baltimore This year Baltimore has its own Christmas Village on the city 's Inner Harbor , organized by the same company that 's brought a Christmas village to Philadelphia since 2008 . There are booths inside and outside a heated tent , selling a variety of gifts , ornaments and traditional foods and beverages , including decorated lebkuchen  Christmas cookies  . Open November 28-December 24 : Sunday-Thursday 11 a.m.-7 p.m. ; Fridays and Saturdays 11 a.m.-8 p.m.  Closes 5 p.m. on Christmas Eve .  Admission free . Toronto The Lowe 's Toronto Christmas Market incorporates the ambiance of the Distillery Historic District , a pedestrian-only village of restored Victorian brick buildings . With a variety of food and merchandise vendors , caroling singalongs , multiple lounges for sampling traditional beverages , and other attractions , this is the perfect place to keep warm and merry . Open November 29-December 15 : Monday-Friday 12 p.m.-9 p.m. ; Saturdays and Sundays 10 a.m.-9 p.m. Admission free . Mifflinburg , Pennsylvania With a population of fewer than 4,000 , this central Pennsylvania town is one of the smallest to mount its own authentic Christmas market . Now celebrating its 25th anniversary , the Mifflinburg Christkindl Market also claims to be the oldest wholly outdoor Christmas market in the United States . Its three-day schedule features marionette shows , juggling , music and other entertainments ; treats for kids , including a lantern parade and Kinder World ; and a variety of eye-grabbing decorations . Open Thursday , December 12 , 4:30 -9 p.m. ; Friday , December 13 , 10 a.m.-9 p.m. ; and Saturday , December 14 , 10 a.m.-8 p.m. Admission free  but donations encouraged  . Bethlehem , Pennsylvania Down the road from Mifflinburg , the town of Bethlehem has made good on its biblical name by designating itself "  The Christmas City . " A key element of its seasonal celebration is the Christmas market . Besides food , gifts and musical performances there are  with purchase of special tickets  carriage rides , walking tours and a breakfast with St. Nick . Open weekends November 21-December 22 : 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Thursdays and Sundays ; 11 a.m.-8 p.m Fridays and Saturdays . Admission $ 9 , $ 5 for children 6-12 ; children 5 and under free . Which Christmas markets would you recommend ? Share your comments below .	Germany hosts world-famous Christmas markets , but you can find them in North America Markets often sell ornaments , traditional German fare and mulled wine Chicago , Denver and Baltimore are among the U.S. cities that host markets
CNN  -- When I was growing up , to open my parents ' refrigerator was to take a magical journey deep into a strange land of Tupperware that ultimately ended in sadness , confusion and some sort of round , congealed blob of food that may or may not have dated to the Carter administration . "  Mom , what is this ? " "  Does it look like it might cause infection ? " "  Kinda . " "  It 's soup . " Yes , we were a leftovers house . Be it chicken or rice , you were gettin ' it twice ! Though , in all fairness , mom has always been a great cook . So , it was definitely tolerable . Nevertheless , Day 7 of lasagna never quite had the same pizazz as Day 4 . And opening that container on Day 60 risked introducing a newly formed , unknown invasive species into the ecosystem . "  What the hell was that ? " "  Might 've been a raccoon ... might 've been a casserole . " But , hey , you just ca n't let good food go to waste . And that 's why developers at a trending new startup are working on an app called Leftover Swap that might just revolutionize what we do with our extra grub . But probably not . Essentially , they 're creating Craigslist for your unfinished pizza . Yes , Casual Encounters just got even weirder . Here 's how it works : When you have something remaining from your meal , you snap a photo , post it on your profile and then wait for someone nearby to claim it or offer a trade . "  Your chicken salad for my mac-and-cheese ? " "  Deal ! Meet me in the park at 7 . Come alone . I 'll be the one with all the open sores . " "  Wait . What ? " Bryan Summersett and Dan Newman are the cofounders of Leftover Swap , and they came up with the idea three years ago while roommates at the University of Michigan . Naturally , at the time , even they thought it was a little crazy . Newman told NPR , "  It was an outrageous joke in 2010 , but in 2013 , it 's very plausible and something that people would use today . " I swear I 'm not trying to sound insensitive -- seriously -- but the only people I can actually see using this would be homeless dudes who happen to have cell phones . Otherwise , there 's just too much risk . And for what ? Tater tots ? Actually , that sounds delicious . I 'd travel a few blocks for tots . Blocks for Tots also sounds like the world 's laziest charity walk . Motto : We 're here to help , but only for about 10 minutes . Of course , Newman and his business partner are well aware that Leftover Swap is going to be a hard sell . He admits , "  It 's obviously not for everybody . But for as many people who seemingly have a problem with it , there 's people who love the idea . " And maybe there will even be an upscale vintage section so my mom can finally get rid of any petrified brisket lurking in the back of the fridge . You know , somewhere on the lower shelf next to the Thanksgiving turkey . From 1984 . Yet , despite any eager users that may exist , Newman and Summersett also do n't have delusions of grandeur . When they release the app at the end of August , it will be available for free download . They 're less interested in making money and more concerned about doing something positive . Newman says , "  In the U.S. , we produce so much more food than we consume , and so much is going to waste . " On the other hand , some of that food is also presently being enjoyed by an unbathed man who 's just emptied his cat 's litter box . Not with his hands , but still ... And now he ca n't wait to share his half-eaten burrito ! Yes , Casual Encounters definitely just got even weirder . Follow Jarrett Bellini on Twitter .	Leftover Swap is an app that will allow users to share , trade away uneaten food Developer : "  So much is going to waste " Bellini : It 's sort of like Craigslist for your pizza
CNN  -- Why would former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez allegedly "  orchestrate the execution " of Odin Lloyd , leaving him shot seven times and his body near a construction pile in an industrial park ? The motive was something trivial , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . Investigators believe Hernandez ' s simmering anger over two incidents at a nightclub and his apartment led him to allegedly kill Lloyd two nights later , CNN has learned . Hernandez "  drove the victim to the remote spot , and then he orchestrated his execution , " Assistant District Attorney Bill McCauley said last year . One of the incidents involved Lloyd seeing guns and ammunition stored at Hernandez ' so-called flop house , his apartment in Franklin , Massachusetts . The other thing that set off Hernandez was a conversation Lloyd had with two men at a club earlier that night , June 14 , 2013 , a source tells CNN . The cumulative effect apparently reached a breaking point for reasons that most people would find inconsequential . The source would not say what that was , but compared it to something as insignificant as a spilled drink that allegedly led to the 2012 Boston double murder of Safiro Furtado and Daniel Abreu , a separate case in which Hernandez also has pleaded not guilty . Lloyd 's killing did not involve possible knowledge of that double murder as investigators previously considered , the source added . Who was Odin Lloyd ? Hernandez 's anger was fueled by paranoia brought on , in part , by his alleged drug use including angel dust and marijuana , the source said . The motive was hinted at in court this week , when new details emerged about the events at Rumor nightclub where Hernandez and some friends partied before moving to Hernandez ' apartment about 10 miles from his home . Lloyd , a semi-pro football player and Hernandez were dating sisters . Prosecutors say Hernandez appeared upset at the club . They describe him appearing agitated on security video . Witnesses describe him with his arms waving in the air and a parking valet saw the football player put a gun in his waistband when he got into his vehicle , according to authorities . "  An incident had occurred that caused him to arm himself , " McCauley told a judge . Hernandez ' s lawyer told a judge that his client 's friends said the incident at the club was not a problem . When Hernandez and Lloyd left , they went to the tight end 's apartment accompanied by two women to party , prosecutors say . Whatever happened involving the guns and bullets at the apartment and earlier at the nightclub , Lloyd did n't think it was a big deal , according to friends who saw him the following two days leading up to his death . They said he only talked about having a good time with Hernandez . "  There 's certainly a lot of what I would call smoke , " defense attorney Jamie Sultan said in court . "  There 's no doubt about it ... But that 's not probable cause that he committed murder . And you ca n't just throw a bunch of stuff against the wall and say that 's good enough . " The fallen Patriot 's alleged behavior , as described by investigators , appears to follow a bizarre pattern that has resulted in three murder charges , and a lawsuit accusing him of shooting a friend in the face and leaving him for dead . In each case , authorities say , the violence was preceded by something perceived as disrespect or betrayal . In July 2012 , Hernandez is charged with fatally shooting two men in a car after one of them , a stranger , bumped into Hernandez on the dance floor at a night club , causing the athlete to spill his drink , according to Boston 's district attorney . Hernandez felt he was being "  tested , " a friend is quoted as telling investigators , prompting Hernandez to follow the men out of the club and kill them in a drive by shooting . That same friend identified in court papers as Alexander Bradley is now suing Hernandez for allegedly shooting him in the face and leaving him for dead in an industrial park in south Florida in February 2013 . Prosecutors say Hernandez felt ` disrespected ' by Bradley because he challenged him after the football player refused to return to a strip club to retrieve Bradley 's cellphone . In court , prosecutor McCauley said according to Bradley , trust was a big deal to Hernandez . "  The more he got to know you ... the more suspicious he was , " McCauley told the judge . "  He was concerned  about  the things that you knew about him ... Odin Lloyd knew such things about the defendant . " Four months later , in June , 2013 , Lloyd was picked up in a car said to be driven by Hernandez with two of his associates , taken to an industrial park , shot and killed , according to prosecutors . Those associates , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , are also charged with first-degree murder and like Hernandez , have pleaded not guilty . His lawyers this week filed a motion asking a court to authorize a subpoena demanding Hernandez 's work and medical records from the New England Patriots , including records that "  may bear upon  Hernandez '  mental state at the time ... of Lloyd 's murder . " Legal experts say the motion indicates the defense may be leaning toward arguing Hernandez suffers from diminished capacity , a legal term for someone who is less responsible for committing a crime because it 's harder for them to know the difference between right and wrong . Prosecutors seeking tattoo artists who inked Aaron Hernandez Prosecutors : Hernandez discussed killing in jailhouse calls Patriots added to wrongful death suit against Hernandez CNN 's Michelle Rozsa contributed to this report	Source says Odin Lloyd was killed over trivial matters Two incidents -- at nightclub and in his apartment -- had something to do with it , source says Hernandez 's anger was fueled by paranoia , source says
New York  CNN  -- A 21-year-old foreign exchange student who authorities say tried to blow up New York 's Federal Reserve Bank was indicted Thursday on charges of using a weapon of mass destruction and trying to provide material support to al Qaeda . Quazi Mohammad Rezwanul Ahsan Nafis , a Bangladeshi national , was arrested by federal authorities in a sting operation in October . He was accused of trying to detonate what he thought was a 1,000-pound bomb by using his cell phone as a trigger . The bomb was inert . Nafis , allegedly inspired by al Qaeda , came to the United States in January on a student visa under the pretext of attending college at Southeast Missouri State University , prosecutors said . Bangladeshi dad on son 's arrest : ` We could n't believe our ears ' It 's not clear whether Nafis maintained al Qaeda ties , but authorities say he claimed that the plot was his own and was his sole motivation for the U.S. trip . A U.S. District Court grand jury in New York charged Nafis with trying to use a bomb as a weapon of mass destruction and trying to provide explosives and communications equipment to al Qaeda terrorists , the indictment says . In Bangladesh , Nafis graduated from high school in 2006 and took his higher secondary school certificate examinations in 2008 before he enrolled in the country 's leading private university , North South University , in Dhaka , documents say . Nafis traveled to the United States with "  the purpose of conducting a terrorist attack " and actively sought out al Qaeda contacts after his arrival , authorities in New York allege . He majored in cybersecurity at Southeast Missouri State University from January to May of this year , a university spokeswoman said . At the end of the spring semester , he was elected vice president of the Muslim Student Association , but his term was short-lived because he left the campus , the spokeswoman said . Terror plotting : bravado or sincerity ? His father , Quazi Mohammad Ahsanullah , has said that he ca n't believe the terrorist accusations and that his son is timid person who 's often scared to travel alone . The father , a banker in Dhaka , said his son left college in Missouri after one semester because of the expense and went to New York , where he worked 10-hour days at a hotel . In the sting operation , Nafis apparently contacted an FBI source and proposed multiple targets , including a high-ranking U.S. official and the New York Stock Exchange , authorities said . Nafis indicated that he wanted to "  destroy America " by going after the nation 's financial institutions and ultimately settled on the landmark bank in Manhattan , authorities said . An undercover agent , authorities say , also provided 20 bags of purported explosives , weighing 50 pounds each , to Nafis , who then stored the material in a warehouse in preparation for the strike . Authorities alleged that Nafis further divulged a "  Plan B " that involved carrying out a suicide attack should police thwart his initial effort . Packing his van with what he apparently believed were explosives , Nafis then allegedly traveled with the undercover agent to Manhattan 's financial district , attached a detonator to the material and recorded a video statement in a nearby hotel before he was eventually arrested , authorities said . Susan Candiotti on alleged NY terror plot foiled : ' "  If this had been an actual bomb , he could have killed a lot of people ' CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : The indictment accuses Nafis of trying to provide explosives to al Qaeda Quazi Mohammad Rezwanul Ahsan Nafis is a Bangladeshi national He is accused of trying to bomb the Federal Reserve Bank in New York City He enrolled in a Missouri college as a pretext for his alleged bombing plot , authorities charge
Mental Floss  -- Watching the post parade at this weekend 's Kentucky Derby will surely fill some of our heads with dreams of horse ownership . How did the julep-sipping folks acquire their prized horses ? How much is buying a racehorse going to set you back ? Are they sound investments ? These are all tricky questions , but let 's take a look at a few stories of horse sales that turned out to be winning lottery tickets ... and a few that were more dud than stud . Mr. Prospector becomes a daddy again and again In 1971 , Mr. Prospector was a yearling that fetched $ 200,000 at auction . When he took to the track , he was good but not great ; he won seven of 14 starts but only brought home $ 112,170 during his career . Still , in 1980 he sold for $ 20 million . What happened ? It turns out "  Mr. P. " was a stud in every sense of the word . While his racing career might not have been the most distinguished , it 's tough to argue with his results as a stud . He sired a winner of each of the Triple Crown races , and his grandchildren and great-grandchildren have been similarly speedy . His sons , grandsons , and great-grandsons have combined to win over 30 Triple Crown races and pull in around $ 100 million in earnings . Mr. P. 's Derby-winning son Fusaichi Pegasus fetched $ 60 million in 2000 , and 18 years earlier , another son -- Belmont winner Conquistador Cielo -- sold for $ 36.4 million . Mental Floss : Did famous horses get their names ? John Henry drives steel , wins cash When John Henry , a yearling foaled in 1975 , came up for bids at the Keeneland January Mixed Sale , he did n't generate much buzz . He had fairly mundane bloodlines , he was n't particularly big , and he had a nasty temper -- he got his name from a tendency of smashing steel feed buckets . John Calloway bought the unheralded gelding for a modest $ 1,100 investment and hoped he could make a little cash back on the horse . How did it work out ? By the time John Henry retired from racing , he was the top-earning gelding in history with over $ 6.5 million in career earnings . He won 25 graded stakes races and was racehorse of the decade for the 1980s . Not a shabby return on a $ 1,100 investment . The Green Monkey makes a monkey out of bidders Unless you 're a huge fan of the band America , you might not envision shelling out eight figures for a horse with no name . That 's exactly what happened in a January 2006 auction at Calder Race Course , though . When the auctioneers brought a colt who was only known as "  number 153 " to the auction block , a fierce bidding war broke out . Buyers were n't afraid to open their wallets for a colt that was described as "  perfect , " and when the hammer dropped the horse went for a record $ 16 million . The winning bidders quickly christened the colt The Green Monkey , and excitement to see how the horse would do in races began to build . After all , the colt had run an eighth of a mile in a blazing 9.8 seconds in pre-auction workouts , so anything was possible once he started racing . The buyers thought they were getting a Triple Crown threat . Instead they got the thoroughbred version of Ryan Leaf . The Green Monkey could never translate his workout speed into actual races , and in his career , he only managed one third-place finish in a measly three starts . In 2008 , his owners retired him from racing to stand at stud . If his progeny enjoy the success that eluded the Green Monkey , he might make some of his substantial purchase price back . It will be tough , though ; right now he only pulls in $ 5,000 as a stud fee . Mental Floss : 7 things to know about the Kentucky Derby ... But he 's in good company The Green Monkey should n't feel too bad . The horses he took the "  most expensive colt " record from did n't fare much better . Seattle Dancer set the yearling price record in 1985 when he went for a cool $ 13.1 million before going on to win $ 150,000 in his five career starts . Snaafi Dancer 's sale in 1983 was the worst investment this side of Pets.com stock ; the first yearling to break the $ 10 million price mark never raced -- and was infertile . Cigar comes up empty Even casual sports fans may remember Cigar , the bay stallion who racked up an incredible 16 straight wins from 1994 to 1996 . If Cigar had picked up just $ 187 more during his career , he would have become the first horse ever to break $ 10 million in race earnings . When the former Breeders ' Cup Classic Champ came up for sale in 1998 , there were more than a few breeders who wanted to get their hands on him . Cigar sold for $ 25 million and promptly went out to stud to recoup some of that cash . That 's when breeders discovered a problem : the horse that some analysts called "  the second-best racehorse ever " was infertile . Cigar 's new owners got a record $ 25 million payout on an insurance policy that covered infertility , and the champion stallion is spending the autumn of his years at the Kentucky Horse Park 's Hall of Champions . Mental Floss : 7 strange stories of lost cell phones	Mr. Prospector only won $ 112,170 , but the race horse fathered a some big winners The Green Monkey sold for $ 16M but his best was a third-place finish Cigar won almost $ 10M , but turned out to be a big loser as a stud
CNN  -- Despite spending more per person on health care than any other country , Americans are getting sicker and dying younger than our international peers -- a problem persisting across all ages and both genders , according to a new report . In 2011 , the National Research Council found life expectancy in the United States was increasing at a slower rate than in other high-income democracies . Shortly after , the NRC and Institute Of Medicine convened a panel of experts to investigate why . The panel was given 18 months to review recent health studies from 16 "  peer countries " : Australia , Austria , Canada , Denmark , Finland , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Norway , Portugal , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland , the Netherlands and the United Kingdom . The panel released its report , titled "  U.S. Health in International Perspective : Shorter Lives , Poorer Health , " on Wednesday . "  Our panel was unprepared for the gravity of the finding we uncovered , " chair Steven Woolf wrote in the report 's preface . "  We hope that others will take notice . " Lagging behind This is not a new problem , Woolf noted on a conference call about the report . "  It 's been going on since 1980 and it 's getting progressively worse . " Data from 2007 show Americans ' life expectancy is 3.7 years shorter for men and 5.2 years shorter for women than in the leading nations -- Switzerland for men and Japan for women . As of 2011 , 27 countries had higher life expectancies at birth than the United States . "  The tragedy is not that the United States is losing a contest with other countries , " the report states , "  but that Americans are dying and suffering from illness and injury at rates that are demonstrably unnecessary . " America does rank well in some health measures , according to the panel . The United States has higher cancer survival rates , lower blood pressure and cholesterol levels and lower smoking prevalence rates than many of its peer countries . Those Americans who make it to age 75 will survive longer than their peers in the comparison countries . Global report : Obesity bigger health crisis than hunger But that 's where the good news stops . The report outlines nine health areas where the United States lags behind other rich nations , including infant mortality , homicides , teen pregnancy , drug-related deaths , obesity and disabilities . Americans have the highest prevalence of AIDS in the group . Seniors are at a greater risk of developing and dying from heart disease . And our children are less likely than children in peer countries to reach their fifth birthday . "  Many of these conditions have a particularly profound effect on young people , reducing the odds that Americans will live to age 50 , " the report states . "  And for those who reach age 50 , these conditions contribute to poorer health and greater illness later in life . " Why ? "  The sheer systemic nature of the problem , that affects so many health outcomes across the whole lifespan , surprised all of us , " said panel member Ana Diez Roux . "  It seems to be a whole bunch of things acting together . " It 's easy to point a finger at our health care system , which unlike comparison countries ' does not provide universal coverage . As a result , lower income and less educated people often receive poorer care . "  The U.S. health system is highly fragmented , with limited public health and primary care resources and a large uninsured population , " the authors wrote . "  Compared with people in other countries , Americans are more likely to find care inaccessible or unaffordable . " Opinion : Finding the jugaad for U.S. health care But the panel says that 's not all that 's to blame . Studies show even white , insured , college-educated Americans are sicker than their peers in Europe . The experts gave three other possible causes for the country 's growing health disadvantage : Though Americans know what 's "  good " for them , few act on it . Although we are less likely to smoke and drink heavily than our peers , we consume more calories , have higher rates of drug abuse , are less likely to use seat belts and are more likely to use guns in acts of violence , according to the report . Most high-income countries report income and education disparities in their health care system . But the panel said Americans benefit much less from social programs that could negate the effects of poverty . "  In countries with the most favorable health outcomes , resource investments and infrastructure often reflect a strong societal commitment to the health and welfare of the entire population , " the report states . Our environment is also a big contributor to Americans ' poor health , the panel said . U.S. communities are built around automobiles , discouraging physical activity and increasing traffic accidents . Contraceptives are only available by prescription , instead of over the counter . Even stress could play a role -- adding to our waistlines , substance abuse and criminal behavior . Moving forward "  It would be a mistake for people to respond to this by saying we need to spend more money on health care , " Woolf said . He noted that our peer countries spend significantly less , but appear to be spending it more effectively . Where in the world can you get universal health care ? With "  lives and dollars " at stake , the report made several recommendations for the future . The experts asked the National Institutes of Health to join with international partners to improve the quality of research that could be used to compare peer countries around the world . They also recommended the NIH commission research on health policies that have been successful in our peer countries that could potentially be used in the United States . Waiting for more research is n't the answer , Woolf said . Individuals can make changes now , listening to advice about healthy diets and exercise , or making sure to wear their seat belts . As for policy , the panel hopes this report will open a broader discussion about what we value as a nation .	As of 2011 , 27 countries had higher life expectancies than the United States U.S. falls behind in infant mortality , homicides , teen pregnancy and drug-related deaths Several factors are to blame for the problem , a panel of experts says
Washington  CNN  -- Inside an ordinary office building six blocks from the Capitol , investigators sift through evidence of possible violations against ethics and laws committed by the nation 's elected representatives . This is the Office of Congressional Ethics , also known as the OCE . It is one of the most important watchdogs in Washington . That 's because the OCE is the only quasi-independent government body whose sole mandate is to formally investigate members of Congress . But it could soon be silenced by the very people it investigates . "  What is outrageous about it is that you see members of Congress on both sides saying they have zero tolerance for unethical conduct , " said Melanie Sloan , a former federal prosecutor who now directs Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington  CREW  . "  But then behind closed doors they are quietly trying to kill the one body in Congress that is seriously going after unethical members . " Sloan 's public interest group monitors ethics and legal violations by members of Congress . And , like many other citizen watchdog groups in Washington , CREW is worried that the OCE could soon die through purposeful inaction by Congress . The ethics office -- which gets its mandate and funding from Congress -- must be reauthorized by this Congress , which soon adjourns , or early on by the new Congress . What 's more , at least four of the OCE 's board members are approaching the end of their terms , and new members must be selected and appointed for the organization to continue with its work . No investigations or reports or real work can be done by the office until their board is in place . The OCE was formed just four years ago when then-Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and others declared they wanted to "  drain the swamp " of scandals and corruption in Washington . Among the biggest scandals that prompted action was that of Jack Abramoff , a former lobbyist , who admitted in 2006 to illegally showering gifts on officials in exchange for favors . The probe into those allegations led to convictions or guilty pleas for 20 lobbyists and public officials -- including a member of the House of Representatives and several aides to congressmen . Other scandals included those tied to former Reps. Tom DeLay , Mark Foley , William Jefferson and Duke Cunningham . Since its creation in 2008 , the OCE has launched more than 100 investigations of lawmakers , raising serious questions about possible Congressional misdeeds . In about a third of its investigations , the OCE found that House ethics , and sometimes federal laws , were likely violated . Those 37 cases were referred to the House Ethics Committee for further review . "  The OCE has forced members of Congress to take ethics more seriously , " said Sloan . "  It has forced the  House  Ethics Committee to act and has let all members of Congress know that they 're not going to be able to skate by like they have for so many years , with unethical conduct just going on . " Sloan and her public interest group -- which is considered by some to be a liberal organization -- are n't the only ones worried about the future of the OCE . Ken Boehm , chairman of the conservative National Legal and Policy Center , agrees that some members of Congress publicly support the office and its efforts to crack down on ethics violations , but are privately trying to kill it . If the OCE is not reauthorized and new board members are not appointed , Boehm said it would "  send  the message to the public that not only is the ethics system broken , but it does n't even exist anymore . " House Speaker John Boehner and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi would need to lead the effort to reauthorize the OCE and to appoint new members . Both Boehner and Pelosi say they will do that . "  House Democrats are firmly committed to the continuation of the OCE and replacements will be named at the appropriate time , " said Pelosi 's spokesman , Drew Hammill . Similarly , Boehner "  intends to retain the OCE for the 113th Congress and to appoint an ethics chair in a timely fashion , " his spokesman , Michael Steel , said this month . But neither Boehner nor Pelosi have made public any more specific actions they have taken . And time for action is quickly running out . The reauthorization should have really been started before this Congress goes on its winter break to allow for the time that it takes to select and appoint new board members . The new Congress is scheduled to be sworn on January 3 . In many of its hard-hitting investigations , the OCE has confronted legislators about their actions , raising sensitive questions about possible conflicts of interest , financial reports , missing financial information , and even questions about the legality of some lawmakers ' actions . There are other watchdogs for ethics within the Congress -- the House Ethics Committee , and the Senate Select Committee on Ethics . But these internal committees are often criticized for doing almost nothing because they are in the awkward position of investigating their own members and close colleagues . By contrast , the OCE is an outside body , widely seen as being objective . It is made up of experts , including some former members of Congress , who are nominated and approved by Boehner and Pelosi . However , the OCE can not take disciplinary action against the lawmakers it finds are likely to have violated ethics or federal law -- so it has to refer its most serious investigations to the House Ethics Committee . Out of the 37 cases it received from the OCE , the House Ethics Committee meted out formal punishment only on two occasions . It is hard to know whether the stalled fiscal cliff negotiations have sidetracked any effort to reinstate the office , or if members of Congress might be quietly leading an effort to kill the OCE . Latest on fiscal cliff talks "  Nearly everything the OCE does rubs the entire Congress the wrong way , " Sloan said . "  And in large part that 's because Congress does n't want to hold anybody accountable for ethics violations . There 's no case that they think , ` Oh this was a great case . We 're so glad the OCE brought it . ' " In the past , numerous federal lawmakers from both political parties have voted to cut the OCE 's budget or limit its powers , including Reps. Mel Watt , D-North Carolina ; Jeb Hensarling , R-Texas ; John Campbell , R-California ; Yvette Clarke , D-New York ; Eliot Engel , D-New York ; Sam Graves , R-Missouri ; Tom Price , R-Georgia ; Laura Richardson , D-California ; Bennie Thompson , D-Mississippi ; and Joe Wilson , R-South Carolina . None of them would agree to an interview with CNN . The OCE also declined to answer any questions . The lawmakers who did speak to CNN about the OCE said part of the problem is that it casts a wide net . "  They accept anonymous complaints made by anonymous individuals and then have the resources to conduct an investigation which can become a fishing expedition , " said Rep. Hank Johnson , D-Georgia . Rep. Brad Miller , D-North Carolina said he believes there should be a way for the American public to raise issues about the conduct of their representatives in Washington . But , he added , "  Some of what the OCE has sent to the Ethics Committee was actually really flimsy . I mean , conduct that if you have any idea what the real world is like , you would know was not ethically questionable or if it is , everything that happens in politics is ethically questionable . " And if the accusation is referred to the Ethics Committee , Miller said that 's "  like torture " for lawmakers . "  It 's like being charged with a crime , " he said . Johnson raised a criticism that first surfaced several years ago after the OCE investigated Rep. Charles Rangel and several other members of the Congressional Black Caucus for expenses from an overseas trip to the Caribbean . After those investigations , some representatives in Congress accused the OCE of "  targeting " African-Americans . "  The Office of Ethics was established for political reasons , " said Johnson , who is African-American . "  And the victims of it tend to be people who look like me and that 's why I 'm opposed to it . "  I would rather for us to continue with the same ethics rule and process that was in place before we came to this Office of Ethics . And I do n't think it 's working well . " All the citizen watchdog groups CNN interviewed -- including CREW , Public Citizen , and the National Legal and Policy Center -- said they do not believe the OCE has targeted any Congressional officials because of their race or any other reason . They all maintain that the OCE has simply investigated cases where concerns of ethics were raised . Whether members of Congress decide to keep the OCE or allow it to dissolve "  is a critical test , " according to Lee Hamilton , a widely respected former Congressman who chaired the famous 9/11 Commission . "  It is going to tell us whether the leaders of Congress are serious or whether they 're not serious about the enforcement of standards of conduct within the institution , " said Hamilton , who is now the director of the Center on Congress at Indiana University . He said it should surprise anyone that members of Congress do n't want to be held accountable for their actions . "  I want to see a tough enforcement of those standards , " Hamilton said . "  And it bothers me not a whit that some members of Congress get uneasy about it . They should get uneasy about it if they are acting in an unethical way . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	The Office of Congressional Ethics was created in 2008 amid a wave of scandals If it 's not reauthorized soon , it could be shut down It has investigated 100 instances of possible misconduct by members of Congress Critics say some of their charges are based on "  flimsy " evidence
CNN  -- It was like any blind date . I had dressed in my Saturday best and walked to my favorite brunch restaurant in West Los Angeles to meet a guy -- let 's call him Raj -- for the first time . I recognized him from the pictures I 'd seen , and we greeted each other with smiles and a firm handshake . We had e-mailed a few times and spoken on the phone to confirm our plans . He was polite ; he did n't sit down in his chair until I did , and he paid the bill . Our conversation was casual to begin with : favorite movies , music , plans for the summer . No one would have guessed this setup was to be the start of an arranged marriage . Most Westerners may think the concept of arranged marriage is backward or antiquated -- and if you watch the old Indian movies , it can come across that way : two people meet once , or not at all , before their wedding day and then are forced to make a marriage work without even being consulted about their partner . In my family , at least , that was rarely the case . My parents met and spoke before their wedding day in India and were asked whether they each saw a future with the other . It 's easy for me to rebel against this tradition my family has maintained and say , "  That was then , this is now . " But despite having been born and raised in America , where arrangements like this are far from a cultural norm , I understand their perspective . All they want for me is security . Raj had a stable job , and he 's well-educated . He is from a well-reputed family and comes highly recommended by family friends as a hard-working , respectful man . He was a catch in my parents ' eyes . I decided to meet him after nearly a year of my parents pestering me to meet potential mates that I waved off for various reasons -- I was too young , I needed time to start my career off right , I was n't interested , etc. . But finally I caved . By the time Raj and I had finished our brunch that sunny Saturday , I knew that a relationship would never work out . We had nothing in common except for our heritage , yet I did n't end the date there . I felt a responsibility to at least give him a little bit more time . I attributed the awkwardness of our interactions to nervousness . Maybe I was being hypercritical ? Did I peg him as a boring because he ordered the fruit plate for brunch when all I wanted was a large omelet ? A part of me wanted something to work out between us ; maybe we could date for a little while and then get married and make everyone happy . But as we talked after brunch that day , it was more apparent that a romance between Raj and me was n't in the cards . His ideals were far more traditional than mine . I felt like I needed to be another person around him , not the career-oriented , passionate , food-loving , world-traveling woman that I am . I was also headed to graduate school in the fall and had to consider being engaged and trying to start a relationship with someone during that hectic time . At the end of our date , he asked whether we could get married that December . Get married ? I was n't even sure I wanted to have dessert with him ! So I awkwardly tried to skirt around the subject of marriage and explained that I had a lot to think about with grad school coming up . I was hoping he 'd mistake my dishonesty for kindness . After I went back to Singapore , where I lived at the time , I discussed the decision with my parents and outlined the reasons why I knew things would never work between Raj and me , even though we had n't spent much time together . To my surprise , they understood and trusted my judgment . I then had the tough task of telling Raj we would n't be marrying in December . He responded with a polite e-mail telling me he understood my decision . I never talked to him again . Since then , my parents have let the subject of an arranged marriage drop . I gave their way a chance and that was enough for them . I think they understand I 'm different from my cousins -- and mostly because they raised me to be the person I am today . But I do understand their reasons behind trying to get me to consider an arranged marriage . It 's not some foreign tradition they arbitrarily adopted to make me miserable or different . They want me to find someone they approve of and I can learn to love . They want me to be settled , and most importantly they want me to be happy . Maybe if Raj had been my ideal guy , I would have been married by now . I wish I could have come back to my parents and told them that all they wanted for me and all I wanted in a husband had aligned in Raj . I do n't know if I 'll end up having an arranged marriage -- likely not . But that 's not because I had a horrifying experience . What I do know is that until I get married , my mom will be dropping not-so-subtle hints that the best  Mother 's Day , birthday , holiday ...  gift for her would be me getting married . And in case you were wondering , Raj got married that December , just like he wanted .	The author 's parents wanted to arrange her marriage , but she avoided the subject Her parents had an arranged marriage , following an Indian cultural tradition She finally agreed to a date with a potential husband , with interesting results
CNN  -- Grand slam triumphs , world number one rankings , Olympic medals -- Serbia , a country of just over seven million people , has defied crushing odds and financial difficulties to emerge in recent years as an unlikely tennis powerhouse . Undeniably , the Serbian tennis rise -- dubbed "  Serb and Volley " by some observers -- is led by Novak Djokovic . The 27-year-old , known affectionately as Nole , is currently the world 's top seeded tennis player , a title he 's holding for the third time in the last four years . Last July , he beat Swiss supremo Roger Federer in a thrilling Wimbledon final to win his seventh grand slam title . But it 's not just Djokovic . Over the last few years , the Balkan country has produced a string of global male and female tennis superstars -- from former world number ones Ana Ivanovic and Jelena Jankovic to singles and doubles champion Nenad Zimonjic . "  I think generally we 're very talented athletes , it does n't matter which sport , " says Zimonjic , 38 . "  In the past , we did n't have that much success in individual sports but it turned out to be that our generation was maybe the beginning of something new -- you know to have world number ones , for such a small country , it was amazing . " The phenomenal rise of the sport 's profile has created a halo effect in Serbia , not just for its tennis talent but the whole country . Serbia is still trying to recover from the devastation of the Balkan war in the 1990s . Since the dark days of the conflict , the country has sought to find equilibrium for an economy that was subject to years of mismanagement , suffered infrastructure damage during NATO bombings and endured extended economic sanctions . Yet , despite the limited financial backing and crumbling facilities , Serbia 's tennis future still looks bright as a new generation of young athletes is determined to follow on the footsteps of their compatriot superstars . "  We are really strong people and I think that is what makes us so special , " says 17-year-old Ivana Jorovic , a former world junior number one . "  We need to do everything alone without any help because we are really a small country . It 's hard but in the other way it 's really nice because that makes you really strong , " she continues . "  You have to do everything the best if you want to beat someone from America . " Read this : The capital that was rebuilt 40 times Read this : Europe 's best music festival More from On the Road Serbia	Serbia has produced in recent years a string of tennis superstars Novak Djokovic is currently the world 's number one male tennis player The rise of the country 's tennis champions has created a halo effect in Serbia
Washington  CNN  -- An ancient Persian symbol of freedom , tolerance and coexistence has joined documents like the Declaration of Independence , the Bill of Rights and the Emancipation Proclamation in Washington . The Cyrus Cylinder represents the spirit and ideals of Cyrus , the leader of the Achaemenid Empire in the sixth century B.C. . After peacefully conquering Babylon in 539 B.C.and declaring his principles on the cylinder , Cyrus freed the Jewish population of Babylon from long bondage and rebuilt the Temple in Jerusalem . The Cyrus Cylinder inspired many throughout history -- in particular 18th century Enlightenment philosophers , historians and politicians in Europe and America -- as a source of their thinking on human rights , settling conflicts and leadership . Thomas Jefferson reportedly owned two copies of the Cyropaedia , Xenophon 's biography of Cyrus , and carried it for inspiration and guidance . Today -- far from ancient Persia and the Enlightenment , in a different , far more divided Middle East -- the United States is struggling to open a window to resolve long-lasting tensions with Iran , tensions entwined closely with the fate of Israel , America 's principal ally in the region . "  The Cyrus Cylinder sets up a model to run a multifaith , multifaceted , diverse society , leaving a model of the Middle East as a unit and what it could ideally be , " said Neil MacGregor , director of the British Museum , in a recent TED Talk . The 2,600-year-old , football-sized clay cylinder is on loan from its permanent display at the British Museum in London for a five-city tour that began Saturday in Washington . "  In the Jewish tradition King Cyrus is known as the divinely anointed figure who enabled the Jews to restore their sacred institutions , " said Rabbi Sarah Bassin , executive director of the foundation NewGround , a Muslim-Jewish Partnership for Change . "  Many in exile chose not to return to Jerusalem and the Holy Land because they felt comfortable and safe with the lives they had in the Persian lands , " Shared values and common heritage that draw people together are subject to interpretation and can also push people apart . Yet , Bassin argues , "  Israel 's identity is woven with the ancient stories of the Bible that happened throughout its borders , and now it 's helpful to emphasize these core narratives that contain examples of cooperation and coexistence as a reminder that a different paradigm is possible . " Rabbi Marc Gopin , director of the Center for World Religions , Diplomacy and Conflict Resolution at George Mason University , suggests a country should be defined by the values of its culture and history rather than the policies of its government . "  Disputes should attack issues , not civilizations , " Gopin said . An expert on Arab-Israeli diplomacy , Gopin said such an approach creates more "  nuanced " relations . Ping pong diplomacy Nuances are seen in President Dwight Eisenhower 's cultural exchange program in the 1950s , which sent American jazz musicians , dancers and other artists to countries with strained diplomatic ties with the U.S. during the height of the Cold War . That paved the way for Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev 's visit to the U.S. in 1959 . And an invitation from China to a U.S. national ping pong team in the early 1970s led to President Richard Nixon 's visit in 1972 -- the first by a U.S. president since the Communist takeover in 1949 . "  Exchange derives the history of values globally , and the social empathy that comes from cultural exchange is better than one thousand negotiations , " Gopin said . Cultural exchanges are going on between the U.S. and Iran , even with the ongoing conflict over its nuclear ambitions . The U.S. wrestling team was welcomed in Tehran last month . Eight Iranian art experts have planned a visit to the U.S. as part of a State Department cultural exchange program , which coincides with the arrival of the Cyrus Cylinder . "  When you 're engaging with Iran , you should communicate based on those shared values , " Gopin said . "  We all love the same values . Yet , we happen to have disagreements , so what should we do about those disagreements ? Which is the point that ultimately leads to arguments and diplomacy . " "  If Iranians see a single , even small indication that today , the United States is going to talk and act wisely , I can assure you that talking to the United States or any other nation around the world is welcomed by the Iranians , " Mohammad Khazaee , the Iranian ambassador to the U.N. , told CNN last week . With the Cyrus Cylinder tour coming to the U.S. during a pivotal time in the relations of U.S. and Iran , the wisdom of Cyrus could guide diplomats to build constructively upon shared values . "  Each time a leader brings out the best things in the people they are fighting , magical things happen , " Gopin said . The Cyrus Cylinder is on display at the Smithsonian 's Sackler Gallery and Freer Gallery of Art through April 28 . It will be in Houston from May 3 through June 14 ; New York from June 20-August 4 ; San Francisco from August 9-September 22 ; and Los Angeles from October 2-December 2 .	The 2,600-year-old Cyrus Cylinder is on five-city tour of U.S. The clay cylinder is a declaration of freedom and coexistence from Persian King Cyrus Cyrus ' philosophy guided many Enlightenment thinkers as well as Thomas Jefferson
CNN  -- The St. Louis suburb of Ferguson , Missouri , has become a national flashpoint in the debate over race , the use of force by police and militarization of police agencies . More than a week after Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager Michael Brown , protests have been marred by confrontations with police , looting and violence . Here 's what 's next in this unfolding situation : Attorney general to visit Attorney General Eric Holder is expected to visit Ferguson on Wednesday to check in on the federal civil rights investigation into Brown 's death . Some 50 FBI agents have been in Ferguson interviewing potential witnesses in an effort to determine whether any civil rights violations occurred in the August 9 shooting of Brown by Wilson , a white six-year police veteran . Grand jury A grand jury has been seated and could begin hearing evidence in the case as soon as Wednesday , according to Ed McGee , a spokesman for the St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney 's office . The grand jury will hear testimony from witnesses and decide whether to return an indictment against Wilson , McGee said Monday . Officials were working to line up witnesses but he was n't sure if that would be done by Wednesday , he said . Protest changes ? As police have before , city officials have asked for an end to nighttime protests in an effort to calm the violence . St. Louis Alderman Antonio French said he believed there was also some talk of trying to refocus the protests away from where Brown was shot , including the site of many protest conflicts , West Florissant Avenue . "  I think what 's being discussed is trying to move a lot of these protests from West Florissant to more productive areas , taking this to , say , the county prosecutors office or downtown to the justice center is different , " he said . "  That might be what we 're doing through the next few days . " Why there are no dashcams in Ferguson The police officer Wilson , 28 , who has six years on the force with no disciplinary issues on his record , is on paid administrative leave , authorities said . Whether he 'll return to duty is uncertain . He would have to undergo two psychological evaluations first , authorities said . Law officials have described Wilson as "  very shaken . " He was briefly taken to the hospital following the confrontation with Brown for treatment of an injury that left his face swollen , according to Jackson . "  He 's devastated . He never intended for this to happen , " Jackson said . "  He was a gentleman . A quiet officer . He is and has been an excellent police officer . " Who is Darren Wilson ? Michael Brown 's family They 've hired lawyers and expressed outrage at how the police have handled things , including Friday 's simultaneous release of the officer 's name and surveillance video from the day of the shooting that showed a man identified in police documents as Brown roughing up a convenience store clerk while purportedly stealing cigars . The family and critics of the department have accused police of trying to damage Brown 's character . Jackson said he released both the officer 's name and the video because the media requested it . Complete coverage of the Ferguson shooting and protests The family has conceded their son was n't "  a perfect kid , " said family attorney Daryl Parks . The family and their attorneys , however , took strong exception to the department 's actions . "  Michael Brown 's family is beyond outraged at the devious way the police chief has chosen to disseminate piecemeal information in a manner intended to assassinate the character of their son , following such a brutal assassination of his person in broad daylight , " the family and their attorneys said in a statement . "  There is nothing based on the facts that have been placed before us that can justify the execution style murder of their child by this police officer as he held his hands up , which is the universal sign of surrender , " the statement said . 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting What about the community ? Schools in Ferguson and two nearby districts -- Jennings and Riverview Gardens -- remained closed due to the ongoing violence , CNN affiliate KMOV reported Monday . With all the chaos , businesses have also been affected . More looting was reported overnight in the adjacent city of Dellwood . Several businesses have been ransacked , some burned . "  I know that people are upset , but is this the justice for Mike Brown ? " the owner of a looted store asked KMOV . The station showed bullet holes in the store 's facade , broken windows and destruction inside . "  All the small businesses , now they 're running them out , and then people will complain later on and say there are no businesses in their neighborhood , " the owner said . "  I ca n't survive like this . " Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Meet the new head of Ferguson security CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Attorney General Eric Holder to visit Ferguson NEW : Grand jury could begin hearing testimony Wednesday Protests over Michael Brown case are likely to continue The FBI investigates whether police violated the civil rights of Brown , a black teenager
CNN  -- Chester Nez , the former Marine and last of the original 29 Navajo code talkers , passed away June 4 at age 93 . When an elder dies in Indian country -- especially someone as revered and decorated as Nez , the World War II veteran -- we , Native Americans , feel it , all of us , regardless of tribe or nation . We are also reminded that , not long ago , in the 19th and 20th centuries , Native American culture , including our languages , was considered a threat to U.S. national security . Then , the government worked in collusion with Christian institutions to stamp out Native American languages , including Navajo . "  A great general has said that the only good Indian is a dead one , " Capt. Richard Pratt famously read from a paper at an 1892 convention . "  In a sense , I agree with the sentiment , but only in this : that all the Indian there is in the race should be dead . Kill the Indian in him , and save the man . " Pratt was the founder of the Indian boarding schools , institutions charged with turning the "  red Indian " into the "  noble savage . " Native Americans : We 're not your mascots Chester Nez attended one of these schools as a child , and was punished when he spoke Navajo . One ca n't help but think that , had it not been for the resilience of the Navajo people and their resistance to these early oppressive American policies , it 's quite possible that World War II could have ended differently . Without the use of the Navajo language that was once discouraged by American policy , the U.S. military could have lost a distinct advantage over its enemy . Nez 's death is a reminder that America 's strength lies in its diversity . Native Americans , who have not always been included in the American story , should be remembered and honored for their contributions . Before the arrival of the Europeans , there were between 300 and 500 unique languages spoken throughout what is now the United States and Canada . Today , there are fewer than 200 , and that number will continue to decrease if North American indigenous language revitalization efforts are n't considered paramount to the continuity of Native American communities by the United States . Opinion : NFL may throw flag on N-word , but what about the ` R-word ' ? Recently , a neighbor and I were discussing Native American languages . He was curious why more Native American elders "  do n't just pass on the language to the next generation . " I told him that many of said elders still suffer from the trauma they experienced in the Christian boarding school system , and remembered what Ruby Left Hand Bull told me recently . "  They 'd pierce your tongue if you spoke your language ! " my elder recalled . "  Or they 'd make you stand in front of the classroom and they 'd tell you to stick your tongue out and then they 'd whip it with a wooden ruler , just for speaking our language . " Ruby knew our Lakota language growing up , she said , and very well . But she has lost it , she said . She understands it , but it 's all but left her , courtesy of the boarding schools . I told my neighbor , who said he was a third-generation Italian-American , that his people 's language could die in New York , but there is no threat that it will become an extinct language any time soon . "  There are more Italians speaking Italian every day right across the Atlantic , " I said . "  You could board a plane or hop a ship today and travel to your home country and hear your people 's language reverberating off Italian walls . We , Native Americans , do n't share in that luxury . This is it . This is our home country . Our languages are invariably on the brink of extinction , especially since we are 1 % of the population . So when a Native American language dies , it 's forever gone . " Our elders tell us that when a language dies , so , too , does the culture . But all is not lost . There are various campaigns to revitalize Native American languages . The state of Colorado , for example , passed a law stating that Native Americans who speak their language can teach it to students for credit at secondary schools under the category "  World Languages . " Maybe one day all Native Americans will , again , be fluent speakers of their language -- just like Chester Nez , the warrior . Indeed , the world would be a richer place for it . My hope is that when President Barack Obama visits with our Native American leaders this month at Standing Rock , North Dakota , he will be reminded of the significant contributions of Native American peoples like Chester Nez . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Moya-Smith .	Simon Moya-Smith : The death of original code talker Chester Nez is a significant cultural loss Nez attended boarding schools that discouraged the use of his Navajo language Author : Native American elders say when a language dies , so does the culture Without the use of the Navajo language , the U.S. military could have lost a war , author says
Alan Freed , the DJ credited with coining the term "  rock 'n' roll , " will be physically removed from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on Monday . An urn with Freed 's ashes was taken from its spot at the Cleveland museum on Friday , and Freed 's son will pick up his father 's remains Monday , according to Executive Director Greg Harris . Lance Freed told CNN that the museum was being "  disrespectful " to his father 's legacy as a pioneer of rock 'n' roll , but Harris said Freed will continue to be "  very prominent " in the hall . Harris disputed the Freed family 's description of the removal as an eviction , but according to the son , it is not a voluntary removal . Freed 's ashes are being ousted just days after the museum opened a Beyonce exhibit featuring the singer 's costumes , including the black leotards worn in her 2008 "  Single Ladies " video . Freed started playing R&B records on his Cleveland radio show in 1951 , a time when stations that targeted white listeners ignored black artists . He called it "  rock 'n' roll . " His "  Moondog Coronation Ball " at the Cleveland Arena in March 1956 is considered the first major rock concert . The rock 'n roll song that started it all Freed put Cleveland on the music map and rock 'n' roll on the radio . His connection to the city was a major reason the northeastern Ohio city was chosen as the home for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , both his son and Harris said . Freed was initially interred in New York , the city where he died at 43 in 1965 . His family moved his remains to Cleveland years later and then to the museum 12 years ago , Lance Freed said . "  I thought this was the last move , but then I got this call to move him , " Freed said . "  He said , ` You 've got to come pick him up . ' " It was not a rushed or unilateral decision , Harris said . "  The museum world is moving away from exhibiting remains " since ashes do n't help tell a story , he said . "  Museum community colleagues across the country agree . " Lance Freed said he believed his father 's exhibit is being downsized and moved to another area of the museum , but Harris said it is not being changed beyond removal of the gold urn . Harris suggested that Freed 's son might feel better about the move after he visits the museum Monday morning . "  We are conscious of his important role and will continue to honor him , " Harris said . The museum 's radio studio is named for him , and there "  are many touch points " in the hall that relate to Freed , he said . Freed 's role in breaking down racial barriers in U.S. pop culture in the 1950s , by leading white and black kids to listen to the same music , made put the radio personality "  at the vanguard " and made him "  a really important figure , " Harris said . Harris defended the ouster of Freed 's ashes coming at the same time that Beyonce 's leotards are welcomed into the hall of fame . "  Rock and roll is n't just about yesterday , " he said . "  It continues to evolve , and we continue to embrace it and refine our operations . " The Freed family will spend the next several weeks deciding where in Cleveland to take the urn , his son said . They want to "  create some sort of modest memorial where people who want to pay respect , or reflect , " can visit , he said . "  I 'm a little bit emotional right now , because this is the third time I 'm moving my dad , " he said . "  But hopefully it will be the last . " Emotional night at Rock Hall of Fame Induction The kings of the radio : All-time great DJs	An urn with Freed 's ashes is moved from its spot at the Cleveland museum Friday His son says the museum is "  disrespectful " to his father 's legacy as a rock 'n' roll pioneer "  We are conscious of his important role and will continue to honor him , " hall director says Ashes are being removed just days after the museum opens a Beyonce exhibit
Washington  CNN  -- A former commanding officer of the USS Enterprise has had his scheduled retirement delayed pending the Navy investigation into inappropriate videos made on board the ship in 2006 and 2007 , a Navy spokesman said Thursday . "  This is a prudent and necessary step as the investigation continues , " said Rear Adm. Dennis Moynihan , chief of Navy information . Rear Adm. Lawrence Rice had been scheduled to retire on February 1 . He was the senior officer on board Enterprise during at least some of the time Capt. Owens Honors was the number two officer . Honors was responsible for the raunchy videos , officials have said . Honors had become the commanding officer of the Enterprise , but was relieved of duty this month when the videos came to light inside the Navy . After serving on the Enterprise , Rice moved to Joint Forces Command , where he was until recently being reassigned to the Navy Fleet Forces Command in Norfolk , Virginia , pending conclusion of the investigation . Moynihan emphasized the delay in Rice 's retirement in no way suggests any outcome of the investigation . Results of the Navy investigation into the video will be given to the commander of the Navy fleet by January 24 for consideration of what further action , if any , needs to be taken , officials said . Meanwhile , the Enterprise , the Big E to her crew , embarked from Norfolk Naval Station on Thursday for another mission to a warzone under Capt. Dee Mewbourne , who took command after Honors was removed . "  The crew is ready , " Mewbourne told reporters just before boarding the ship for a mission that 's expected to take its 5,000 sailors and Marines to the Mediterranean and Arabian seas for at least six months . "  When I came aboard this ship last week I told them  the crew  that the circumstances that brought me here were very unfortunate , " Mewbourne said . "  But we have got to look to the future and the crew acknowledged that with only about 10 days before deployment , we had to focus on what we have to do . " Mewbourne said Honors had contacted him via e-mail offering to help with the sudden command transition so close to deployment . Hundreds of family members braved the cold to say goodbye to their loved ones . None of the sailors or their family members that CNN spoke to Thursday said the video scandal would affect their mission . "  It 's a non-factor , " Ginny Watson said after saying goodbye to her youngest son , a crew member on the Enterprise . Culinary Specialist 2nd Class Melissa Williams said it is time to move on . "  We joined the military to serve our country and that 's what we do . We press forward , " Williams said . The Enterprise is the oldest active warship in the U.S. Navy . It began service in 1962 during the Cuban Missile Crisis and has played a role in every major military action since then . The ship is nearing the end of its career , but this mission is not expected to be its last . CNN Pentagon Producer Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report	Rear Adm. Lawrence Rice was to retire February 1 He was commanding officer of the USS Enterprise when raunchy videos were shown Capt. Owens Honors was responsible for the videos , officials have said The Enterprise heads out for its latest tour of duty
Washington  CNN  -- The House has passed the Republican budget plan submitted by Rep. Paul Ryan , but some budget experts believe that he federal government is so far in the red that it may not balance the budget again in our lifetime . "  We may never , as a country , have a balanced budget again , " said Marc Goldwein , policy director for the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget . "  And you know what ? We do n't have to . " Goldwein is a bit of a budget wunderkind who was also a staffer for the Bowles-Simpson Commission , established by President Obama to address the nation 's fiscal problems , and for the congressional super committee . He and the nonpartisan think tank where he works used to push vehemently for a balanced budget . But no longer . Now the bumper sticker hanging in his cubicle reads , "  Stabilize the Debt . " He feels that Washington has fallen so deep into the deficit hole that it has set off a seismic shift among some fiscal hawks . They now hope to contain the deficit , not erase it . "  It 'd be great if we could balance the budget , " Goldwein said . "  But ... it 's just not realistic to look at balancing the budget right now . Right now , what we need to look at is bringing the debt down relative to the economy . " The Ryan budget , despite its cuts and aggressive fiscal moves , does not balance the budget for at least 23 years , according to the House Budget Committee and the Congressional Budget Office . House passes GOP budget "  This just shows you how deep of a hole our country is in , " Ryan , a Wisconsin Republican and chairman of the Budget Committee , said when asked about the 2035 budget balance date . But in a city where politicians pass appropriation legislation for a few months or sometimes even a few days at a time , such a long timeline for balancing the budget seems hypothetical at best and meaningless at worst . Hence that unlikely catchphrase "  stabilize the debt . " The idea is to keep government 's annual deficits small enough that they are outpaced by the growth in the economy . That , some say , would stop the current explosive path the national debt is on . For example , the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the 2011 deficit was nearly 9 % of the economy , as measured by gross domestic product . But GDP itself grew by less than 2 % during the same time . Think of the economy as a living thing , like a tree . If the tree grew by a couple of feet last year but the deficit burned up several times that growth , it would use far more resources than had been created in the past year . Goldwein and those who share his outlook want a budget under which that tree , the economy , grows by more than the deficit is burning and keeps adding fiscal height overall . But under this scenario , the debt itself would probably grow -- just more slowly . "  We do n't need a balanced budget , " Goldwein concluded . "  What we need to do is stabilize the debt relative to the economy . " To do that would take about $ 4 trillion in deficit cuts , he and others estimate . The Ryan budget gets there , but barely . The problem ? "  We 're not going to get to this with one party , " Goldwein asserted . "  The public , I do n't think , is going to be able to tolerate the level of cuts in Congressman Ryan 's plan , even though the level of deficit reduction is only a little bit more than what we need . " Neither , Goldwein said , would the public tolerate a federal spending plan that cuts the deficit solely by raising taxes . So nearly everyone in Washington admits that it would require compromise , but few admit that even a tough-to-get compromise most likely will just stabilize the budget , not balance it . Follow Lisa on Twitter at @LisaDCNN .	NEW : House approves Ryan 2013 budget , 228-191 , will send to Senate Expert who looked at numbers said it now may be impossible to balance the budget Huge cuts and significant taxes would be required to dig out of deficit hole
CNN  -- A massive landslide in Washington has destroyed one home and threatens more than a dozen others , an official and CNN affiliates in the Seattle area reported Wednesday . One home has only about 10 feet of its backyard left after the slide on Whidbey Island , north of Seattle , CNN affiliate KIRO reported . That home 's resident was able to escape , said Ed Hartin , fire chief at Central Whidbey Island Fire and Rescue . No injuries have been reported . The landslide cut access to 17 homes , and residents have been taken out by boat , Hartin said . Others area homes also were evacuated . Live video showed small sections of the cliff continuing to fall at 10:45 a.m. local time as people removed furniture and other belongings . Tons of earth had fallen into Puget Sound . Richard Barker , who lives about 500 feet south of the landslide , told CNN on Wednesday he does not currently plan to leave his home . "  However , the Red Cross has told us they will let us know if we need to evacuate , " Barker told CNN . "  We 're feeling a little bit nervous . We 've got a beautiful view and we 'd hate to see our view and house head into the ocean . " According to Barker , the neighborhood had above-average rainfall over the winter and into spring . A snowfall late last week left several inches of wet snow that was gone . The homes are on a seismic fault that on rare occasions shifts , said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . Barker said the cliff has not seen movement for many years . "  We just thought OK , that is something you pay for the marvelous view that you have . " Fire officials first received a call about the slide shortly after 4 a.m. , Hartin said . Residents reported hearing a sound like thunder around the time of the slide , CNN affiliate KING-TV reported . A spokesman with the Washington State Department of Natural Resources said a team of geologists is on its way to Whidbey Island to investigate . The cause of the landslide was not immediately clear . There has n't been rain in the past few days , said Hartin . Recent deadly landslides in : Indonesia , China , Peru CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	NEW : Resident talks about the old views , current concerns Geologists are on their way to Whidbey Island to investigate The landslide destroyed one home , threatens more than a dozen others Officials have not reported any injuries ; area is prone to landslides
CNN  -- It 's the journey of thousands of miles that started with a single step . Two Kenyans , whisked across continents to run a marathon Sunday in Sacramento , California . Their trip funded via a crowdsourcing effort that started with a friend request and a popular book . A few weeks ago , Japhet Koech and Shadrack Chepyego got a Facebook message from Conyers Davis . Davis , a San Francisco resident , had learned about the two men in the book "  Running with the Kenyans , " by Adharanand Finn . And he had a question for them . "  I sent them a friend request and a note asking if they would be interested in racing in California -- if I could raise enough money to cover their airfare , " Davis says . Koech , 26 , was a little skeptical , but decided to take the risk . "  We did n't really know what to make of it , but did n't want to miss a great opportunity either , " he says . And so began the process that took the two men nearly 10,000 miles from their tiny running town in western Kenya . The two are from the Eldoret area , where the most elite Kenyan marathon runners hail from . Davis , 35 , set up an online fund-raising campaign called Kenyafornia . He urged donors to give $ 26 each -- a dollar for every mile the two would run in the California International Marathon . They could not afford to pay for the trip . Running is a sport that does not come with a paycheck in Kenya . Koech works at his uncle 's gas station while Chepyego is a farmer . "  These guys work so hard and are such hardworking and dedicated runners , " Davis says . "  I wanted to bridge the divide between talent and opportunity . " He exceeded his goal for funds in a little over a month . Armed with nearly $ 9,000 from the fund-raiser , he set out to make the trip happen . Local celebrities After delayed visas and red tape that almost made them miss their flight , the pair arrived in San Francisco last week , and have become local celebrities . More strangers chipped in to ensure they stayed warm during the cold spell . When Davis picked them up at the airport , he thought they had forgotten their luggage . They had one backpack each with running shorts , shoes and minimal change of clothes . "  They did n't have much in the way of warm clothing , " Davis says . "  Luckily , The Gap heard about the guys and was concerned that they would be cold , " he says . "  They very kindly opened up their flagship store and gave them lots of clothes to stay warm . It was amazing . " Fleet Feet , a local running supply store , gave them warm racing gear to wear during the marathon in Sacramento . ` Like playing basketball with LeBron James ' The two have trained at San Francisco landmarks including the Golden Gate Bridge , where residents waved . Others joined in , running along with them . Both will return to Kenya on Thursday . But they 'll never forget the kindness of strangers , they say . "  The best part has been meeting the Californians , " Koech says . "  Everyone has been so friendly . Our experience will inspire many people back in Kenya , especially many of the younger runners . " Davis , who describes himself as a novice runner , works at the USC Schwarzenegger Institute for State and Global Policy . Though he spent many sleepless nights planning the logistics of the trip , he says it was all worth it . "  I 'd do it all over again , " he says . "  Running with the Kenyans is like playing basketball with LeBron James . These guys are masters of their trade . It has been very exciting and very humbling to watch . " Davis will run his first marathon with his new friends Sunday . The title of the book that started it all will become his reality .	San Francisco man reads book called "  Running with the Kenyans " He uses Facebook to find two runners mentioned in the book He starts fund-raiser to bring them to California to run in a marathon The marathon is Sunday
VANCOUVER , British Columbia  CNN  -- When Canadian cocaine smuggler Charles Lai was being sentenced in a Seattle federal courtroom last month , the judge sending him to prison for 13 years offered a small item of good news . A suspected gang member in Vancouver is taken out of a bar in handcuffs . At least behind bars , Judge James Robart said , drug smuggler Lai would not become another fatality in Vancouver 's gang wars . Authorities in Vancouver , just 30 miles from the border , are struggling to deal with the boom in the drug trade between the United States and Canada , along with the violence that has come with it . Cocaine from Mexico -- and many of the guns that fuel the violence -- come north via the United States . Canadian smugglers then bring south high-quality marijuana known as "  BC Bud " and synthetic drugs like methamphetamine . A recent U.N. drug report named Canada as the "  primary " supplier of Ecstasy to the United States . The gang killings are blamed in part over who will control which areas of this estimated $ 6 billion-a-year narcotics trade . Beyond the string of slayings and shootings that have taken place over the last two years are the new modes in which the violence is carried out . "  It 's the type of murders , the more brazen public shootings , the shootings in front of the grocery store with automatic weapons , " said superintendent Pat Fogarty of the Royal Mounted Police , who oversees a special multi-jurisdictional unit that is taking on the gangs and larger criminal organizations behind them . "  It 's common now for gangsters to carry body armor and wear it , to have bulletproof cars , " Fogarty said . "  What that does is when one gang is shooting up another gang , their .40 - calibers are n't able to pierce the body armor of the vehicle or the body armor of the vests . So what we 've seen is an elevation in firepower , which is a scary process . " Watch how authorities are fighting the gangs " Some of the incidents have already become legend : the car radio repairman killed while fixing a gangster 's stereo , thugs shooting up the parking garage of a mall with machine guns , the postal worker refusing to deliver mail to a street where a family with well-known gang ties live . The gangs -- police estimate there at least 120 different groups operating in Vancouver and the surrounding area -- have names like the UN , the Red Scorpions , the Big Circle Boys and the Independent Soldiers . They are mostly homegrown operations or recruits from immigrant communities . Some gang members come from middle-class families and join up expecting the Hollywood version of criminal life . "  These guys act like rock stars , " said Sgt. Kieron McConnell of the British Columbia Integrated Gang Task Force . It 's McConnell 's job to remove what he calls "  the mystique of being a gangster . " A 20-year police veteran with a looming frame and completely bald head , McConnell and the officers who patrol with him act as a buzzkill to many gang members ' night on the town . The Gang Task Force slowly winds through bars and clubs known for their gangster clientele . Until closing time , the police check for identification and run names . Through an agreement with most of the bars in the city , when police find anyone with a history of violence or drug peddling , they can bounce them from the establishment -- no questions asked . The police 's goal is not to harass the gang members , they say , but to remove a potential target from an area full of bystanders . "  We are encouraging them not to bring violence with them to where they socialize , " McConnell said . Chris Mohan 's son did not need to go far , however , to become an innocent victim of the gangs . The violence literally came to his doorstep . In October 2007 , Mohan , 22 years old , was walking out of the apartment where he lived with his parents when gang hit men came to murder a neighbor police believe was involved in the drug trade . Mohan was one of six people killed in the shooting . "  They killed Chris , but I got a life sentence , " Mohan 's mother , Eileen Mohan , said of having to live without her son . Despite what they took from her , Eileen Mohan does not show any fear of the gangs . She has become an advocate for tougher sentencing of violent criminals , attends the hearings for the men accused of her son 's killing and still lives in the apartment where he died . Her mission now is to hurt gangsters . "  They touched my life illegally , I want to touch theirs legally , " she said . Even though police say they are taking the fight to the gangs like never before , it remains to be seen if authorities can totally dismantle Vancouver 's gangs and the larger criminal organization behind them . Watch how border agents look for smuggled drugs " Police say they need legislation passed that would enable them to monitor encrypted cell phone conversations and for the legal system to pass down stiffer sentences on gangsters . Tougher sentences may explain why more Canadian drug traffickers like Charles Lai face a courtroom in America , not Canada . Even though Canadian authorities say they are capable of trying their own criminals , crime experts say police are sometimes all too happy if smugglers are captured in the United States , where they face a less bureaucratic justice system and longer stretches in jail . "  In these regional operations , the tendency has been for the offenders to be arrested , charged and processed in the United States , not Canada , " said Robert Gordon , director of the School of Criminology at the Simon Fraser University in British Columbia . "  That 's an indictment of how we are handling this . "	Thirty miles from U.S. border , authorities in Vancouver confronting gang warfare Violence the result of turf wars over increased narcotics trade Innocent bystanders have fallen victim to gangsters ' heavy firepower Drug dealers sometimes tried in the U.S. , where sentencing is stiffer
CareerBuilder.com  -- 2009 has given employers and employees a run for their money -- literally . Budgets have been cut , layoffs made and furloughs instituted , and benefits and perks have evaporated . At the beginning of the year , 38 percent of employers said the economy would force them to make administrative cuts sometime during 2009 , according to a survey by CareerBuilder.com . Sixty-five percent of those employers indicated that they would cut back company social events , 61 percent anticipated curtailing business travel , 25 percent expected to scale back on health-care benefits and 11 percent planned to reduce wellness benefits . Other areas where companies planned to cut spending included special office perks , such as coffee , ice machines or discounted vending  34 percent  , incentive trips  28 percent  and philanthropic activities  21 percent  . Such perks and benefits being taken away make for a tough situation for employees . Not only are they working harder to keep their jobs , but workers have to do more for less . While some argue that it 's hard to keep employees motivated in this situation , others say that they should n't focus on incentives , but rather think about the bigger picture . "  When perks and benefits are taken away , management often does this to allocate resources where they 're needed , elsewhere . The money being saved by not buying bagels every Friday or purchasing Christmas gifts for employees may be going towards your salary , " said Tom Gimbel , founder and CEO of LaSalle Network , a staffing and recruiting firm . "  If you had to choose between taking a salary cut and not having free coffee versus being let go , most employees would likely take the former . " Urmil "  Tracy " Marshall , coordinator for the Office of Diversity and International Affairs at Fort Valley State University in Fort Valley , Georgia. , agrees that it 's important not to focus on what is being taken away . She said that due to budgetary constraints , furloughs were implemented at the school ; but rather than get discouraged , she focused on the positive . "  I reminded myself how blessed I was to even have a job , " Marshall said . "  We need to remind ourselves of our priorities in life , placing a greater emphasis on what we have -- not what we do n't . " Communication is key Although it 's understandable for employees to be upset , frustrated and discouraged when benefits or perks are taken away , Kevin Sheridan , founder and CEO of HR Solutions , which specializes in helping organizations to keep employees engaged , said that employees are less likely to be upset if management communicates with employees . In fact , 82 percent of employees surveyed in HR Solutions ' International Normative Database say that it 's important that their organization allow them to choose from a variety of benefits to meet their individual needs . The survey consisted of more than 3.3 million responses from 2,400 organizations . "  If an organization 's leadership team simply decided amongst themselves which benefits would be best to cut , employees will commonly become upset and their engagement will be negatively affected , " Sheridan says . "  Open communication is a key driver of engagement , and employees will immediately recognize the fact that they had no voice in the situation . If leadership had simply asked employees which benefits were important to them , this situation may be avoided . " Attitude is everything Despite having to deal temporarily with a few displaced benefits or perks , there are benefits to sticking around with your employer until those things are reinstated . "  It 's a good time to remember that the perks were never the reason that you liked the job . No one gets up in the morning saying , ` I 'm really excited to go to the office because there 's free coffee , ' " said Paul Glen , author and management columnist . "  If people feel that the -LSB- cuts -RSB- are being made in a good-faith effort to save jobs , they will be even more loyal than before , since they believe that the company is working on their behalf -- not just for executives . " Additionally , according to the HR Solutions survey , 37 percent of employees have thought of resigning in the last six months . Twenty-three percent said they thought about leaving because of pay ; 18 percent because of a supervisor or manager ; 15 percent because of career advancement ; and 5 percent because of benefits . Thirty-nine percent considered it for other reasons . "  This statistic is especially important because many organizations have cut benefits over the last six months , and it illustrates that the majority of employees have not thought of resigning as a result of adjusted benefits , " Sheridan said . "  These employees recognize the advantages of sticking around with a company , benefits or not , for advantages such as career development and compensation . Also , as soon as the economy picks up , many benefits programs will be re-evaluated ; employees sticking around with these organizations will not remain without benefits forever . " Workers should also remember that there could be consequences to abandoning a job just because you lost free coffee or a transportation reimbursement . If you 're thinking about leaving your job for such reasons , make sure that your missing perks outweigh any possible career advancement or opportunities you would receive if you stayed . "  In this economy , it may be very hard to find another job , and there 's no guarantee that one will have free coffee , either , " Glen said . "  Also , at the new job , even if it is good , the employee will have less tenure and is more likely to be cut in future layoffs . " If you 've had benefits or perks taken away in recent months and need help staying motivated , remember these five tips from our experts : 1 . Get over it "  The longer you talk about it to fellow employees , the longer you will have bad feelings , cause others to have bad feelings and be less productive yourself , which is not what will help the company be able to restore what has been taken away , " said Aubrey Daniels , author of "  Oops ! 13 Management Practices That Waste Time and Money  and What to Do Instead  . " 2 . Find motivation Sheridan encourages employees to find motivation through career planning with supervisors , interacting with co-workers or being proud of where they work . For example , an employee could volunteer to act as a sounding board for job candidates considering employment at the organization . 3 . Create your own perks Nancy Irwin , a motivational speaker and author , said employees can take turns bringing in coffee , bagels or potluck lunches to help fill the void of things that have been cut . 4 . Understand what 's still offered and take advantage Darcy Eikenberg , president and chief creative officer of Coach Darcy LLC , recalls a client who did n't sign up for a course because she thought training costs had been eliminated . She realized that a co-worker was taking the course and getting it paid for from tuition reimbursement , an area that had n't been cut . "  Do a deep dive into your company 's programs , policies and even discounts because there 's probably something you can use now , " she said . 5 . Focus on the solution , not the problem Concentrate on actions today that will affect your organization 's success and growth tomorrow , said Jonathan Berger , director of human resources at Direct Agents , an interactive advertising company . "  Take this time as an opportunity to offer new ideas to your managers and take an active and entrepreneurial role in helping your company overcome straining times . If you do a good job , you may be rewarded for your efforts when things improve , " he said . "  In addition , by taking on new challenges and opportunities , you can further develop your skills and make yourself a more valuable asset to any organization . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	In a survey , many businesses said they would have to make large cuts in employee benefits Management should communicate these issues to help employees adjust said , Kevin Sheridan Darcy Eikenberg recommends for employees to dig deep and and find benefits still available Concentrate on actions today that will help your organization succeed , said Jonathan Berger
MANAGUA , Nicaragua  CNN  -- Nicaragua 's election council will allow a review of the mayoral election in the nation 's capital after opponents of the ruling Sandinista Party raised fraud allegations , the council 's president said Wednesday . Opponents of Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega 's Sandinista party have raised election fraud allegations . Election council President Robert Rivas announced that ballot tally sheets from Managua would be reviewed after violence followed a resounding victory for the Sandinistas in Sunday 's municipal elections . The leftist Sandinista National Liberation Front won mayoral races in 94 municipalities , while the main opposition party , the Liberal Constitutional Party  PLC  , captured 46 posts and minor parties won six , according to results provided by the government . The PLC and other groups rejected the results and called for an international investigation . The Organization of American States met with opposition leaders Wednesday . Jose Pallais , a PLC leader , asked for the annulment of the elections . The Supreme Electoral Council is to verify final results by November 23 , but a tally is possible by next week . "  Everyone is waiting for the final numbers , " journalist Rosemary Thornton said . "  Once they do , there might be violence again . " Election critics cite many irregularities for their allegations , including the government 's refusal to allow foreign and local monitors , the delay in tabulating ballots and discrepancies between results certified by election officials and the tallies released on television . In addition , ballots were found in trash dumps in the municipalities of Tipitapa , which is part of Managua , and Leon . La Prensa newspaper published 40 photographs on its Web site that appear to show discarded ballots and other election material at an unnamed dump . Ethics and Transparency , a Nicaraguan observer group that was not sanctioned by the government , has reported discrepancies in about one-third of the polls it monitored . The group said it had 30,000 volunteers nationwide monitoring the election . The monitoring group said the results in more than 100 of the 146 elections were correct , a local newspaper reported . But the results in another 30 municipalities require further investigation into possible irregularities , La Prensa newspaper said on its Web site , citing Ethics and Transparency executive director Roberto Courtney . The Catholic Church asked the electoral council for a recount . The Sandinista government is led by President Daniel Ortega , a leader in the guerrilla movement that ousted Nicaraguan dictator Anastasio Somoza in July 1979 . Ortega served as president from 1985-90 . After three unsuccessful bids , he won the presidency again in 2006 . Sunday 's elections were the first since he regained the presidency .	Ballot tally sheets will be reviewed in mayoral election in nation 's capital , Managua Announcement follows fraud allegations from opponents of ruling Sandinista party The leftist party won mayoral races in 94 municipalities , including Managua Critics highlight delays in tabulating ballots , ballots found in trash dumps
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- New Orleans has yet to rebuild a single fire station more than two years after Katrina destroyed or damaged 22 of the city 's 33 firehouses . Appalled by the city 's lack of action , an actor is leading the way in reconstruction of the fire stations . Without city help , firefighters have resorted to repairing their stations along with volunteer carpenters . "  I gave up on ever hoping that politicians in this country -- local , state or federal -- would step in to help these guys , " actor Denis Leary told CNN . Leary , who stars as a firefighter on a TV show called "  Rescue Me , " is using his charitable foundation to bring together volunteers from a New York carpenter 's union and the New Orleans Fire Department to rebuild the stations . So far , they 've rebuilt five , with two more slated to be finished in a couple months . Leary says it 's a sad commentary on society when actors and musicians become the key players in helping a city rebound . Brad Pitt , Harry Connick Jr. and U2 's The Edge are among the stars helping out across New Orleans . See the desperate state of the firehouses " "  We have The Edge , you know , an Irish musician coming over here to help solve the problems in New Orleans , " he said . "  But we ca n't get FEMA or our own president to respond . It 's not shameful , it is just funny . " He added , "  I have so given up on ever getting a politician 's head to turn and face facts in that situation . " Watch Leary 's rescue mission " After Katrina hit , FEMA estimated it would take 10 years and millions of dollars to rebuild the fire stations . In the interim , firefighters have been working and living in trailers attached to the decimated firehouses . "  It 's a bit heart-wrenching , " said firefighter Chuck Brokmeier . Jerry Cremins , a member of the New York District Council of Carpenters , came down last year to pick his son up from Loyola University . He could n't believe the devastation . "  It does n't translate that well on TV , " Cremins said . Deciding he had the skills to help , Cremins reached out to Leary 's firefighters foundation . Volunteers from the union are now working shoulder to shoulder with New Orleans firefighters . Cremins said he has made nine trips to New Orleans , all on his own dime and own time . There 's no question bringing fire stations back fosters a sense of pride , but he said some of the work has just been a nightmare . "  It was astounding to me that they have n't been helped out -- that local governments and municipalities have n't held up their obligations , " Cremins said . "  That is basically when citizens have to step in and get the job done . " Leary said some of the stories firefighters tell are almost unbelievable . He says a firefighter once told him about a station that had about three feet of water . "  He said one of the guys from FEMA came in here and told us that they would pay for the hinge on this door below the water line , but the two hinges above the water line they were n't going to pay for , " Leary said . Edward Blakely , the czar of New Orleans recovery effort , appreciates the work from Leary 's foundation and volunteers . He said the city has been focusing on rebuilding its police headquarters to combat the growing crime problem . The police headquarters just recently reopened , now allowing the city to focus on the fire stations , Blakely said . "  We say to the citizens : ` Look , we are going to have a better city . You do n't want us to put it back just the way it was . You want us to improve it , ' " Blakely said . "  That 's what we 're going to do . That takes a little more time , but it 's worth it . " New Orleans is in a tough situation , according to Blakely . Under city law , he said , there has to be enough money in city coffers to pay for a project before construction starts . And because no construction firm is going to do the work before getting paid , Blakely added , funding projects has become a shell game of sorts since Katrina . It 's frustrating to firefighters , and certainly taking its toll on morale . The fire gear they all wear is light sensitive , and is supposed to be stored in a dark locker to make sure the uniforms remain as fire resistant as possible . In a trailer , that just does n't happen , said district chief Tim McConnell . He said there 's no question the lack of rebuilding is a safety hazard . "  The time it takes you to lock up a trailer , to get from there and get on the ... -LSB- fire truck -RSB- , all that delays response time just a little bit , " McConnell said . Firefighters are also quick to note that none of them abandoned their posts during Katrina . McConnell said his firefighters may not be happy , but you wo n't hear them complain . "  I truly believe when people see the infrastructure being rebuilt , they will want to come back to the city , " McConnell said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	City of New Orleans has yet to rebuild any of the 22 firehouses struck by Katrina Denis Leary 's foundation has helped rebuild five fire stations Leary says he gave up on politicians working "  to help these guys " Volunteer : "  It was astounding to me that they have n't been helped "
CNN  -- Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama is in Afghanistan on a multistop overseas trip for meetings with international leaders but with an eye on the U.S. presidential race back home . Sen. Barack Obama is expected to visit several world leaders over the next few weeks . Obama 's trip , which includes visits to Iraq , Jordan , Israel , Germany , France and the United Kingdom , is intended to bolster his foreign policy credentials before U.S. voters . "  This is the campaign trail via satellite -- pictures for the rhetoric back home , " CNN 's Candy Crowley said , adding that the trip was intended to demonstrate that Obama was up to the job of taking a lead role on the international stage . "  The question is , is he tough enough to stand up for America but graceful enough to improve -LSB- its -RSB- image ? " Crowley said . Watch what Obama needs from this trip " In a recent Washington Post/ABC News poll , 48 percent of registered voters said Obama would make a good commander in chief , compared with 72 percent for his Republican rival , John McCain . "  The message to voters back home is that he is focused on being a strong and effective commander in chief who is going to rehabilitate our image across the world , " Democratic Sen. Evan Bayh said . But a spokeswoman for McCain said Thursday that Obama 's trip was politically motivated . "  It 's about politics . It 's a way for Obama to try and compete on foreign policy , " Jill Hazelbaker said . Obama arrived Saturday in Afghanistan . He is also scheduled to visit Iraq with two Senate colleagues , Democrat Jack Reed and Republican Chuck Hagel . McCain has visited both countries and accuses his rival of naivete for suggesting that Iraq had distracted the United States from the growing conflict in Afghanistan . Watch how the candidates are battling over Iraq " "  To say that Iraq is somehow disconnected from Afghanistan shows , again , incredible naivete , " McCain said this week . A video released by the McCain campaign also accused Obama of "  flip-flopping " over his plans to withdraw troops from Iraq . The campaign also aired its first negative advertisement of the season , hitting Obama on foreign policy issues . A diplomatic source told Time magazine that King Abdullah II of Jordan would urge Obama , if elected , to make Arab-Israeli peace talks a higher priority than has been the case under President Bush . Obama is expected to meet Israel 's top leaders : President Shimon Peres , Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , Defense Minister Ehud Barak , Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni and Likud Party leader Benjamin Netanyahu ; and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister Salaam Fayad . Obama can expect a friendly reception in Europe , where he will meet Thursday with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . CNN European political editor Robin Oakley said Obama 's campaign has captured the public imagination there -- though he will be keen to avoid the sort of suggestions that he is "  too European " that dogged 2004 Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry . "  I was talking to a former British foreign secretary this week , and he said , ` It 's like JFK -LSB- John F. Kennedy -RSB- . ' He said it may not be justified , it may not be sensible , but that is the feeling , " Oakley said . But the trip would also offer a more critical opportunity to gauge Obama 's suitability for statesmanship , Oakley said : "  People have been saying to me , ` Look , this guy has only been in national politics for three years , let alone international politics . ' We do n't really know exactly what he is going to do . " In addition to Merkel , Obama is slated to meet with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Conservative Party Leader David Cameron as well as French President Nicolas Sarkozy .	NEW : Obama , 2 other senators in Afghanistan ; Iraq also on itinerary NEW : McCain releases ad criticizing Obama on foreign policy Democratic candidate seeks to burnish foreign policy credentials with trip Visits planned with Middle Eastern , European leaders
CNN  -- The Philippines ' first major typhoon of the season has churned across the country , passing close to the sprawling capital Manila on Wednesday and killing at least 38 people . Typhoon Rammasun made landfall near Legazpi City on the country 's east coast late Tuesday . The typhoon , known locally as "  Glenda , " prompted the evacuations of as many as 350,000 people from their homes in towns and cities across the country . Maria Ressa , Editor in Chief of the online news agency Rappler in Manila , said Wednesday morning that conditions in the city were extreme , with howling winds and strong rain . Several roofs had been ripped off by powerful winds . At about midnight Tuesday , the government announced one casualty -- a person killed by an electrical post that was uprooted . 37 other deaths , including a family of three in Lucena city , Quezon province , were announced by the National Disaster Risk Reduction Management Council  NDRRMC  . The Council added that there were ten people injured , and eight remained missing . The closest the eye of the storm got to Manila was about 25 km south of the city around 7 a.m. Wednesday  7 p.m Tuesday ET  . 84 % of the Metro area now has power restored . Concerns about flooding , landslides Fears over storm surges eased as the typhoon began to move away from the city , weakening from a Category 2 storm to a Category 1 , with maximum sustained winds of about 150 kilometers per hour . But concerns remained about the knock-on effects of the rain , including flooding and landslides . Marco Savio of Plan International spoke to CNN from Makati , Manila 's business district early Wednesday morning . He said that , at that time , more than an inch of rain was falling per hour in the city , many areas of which are susceptible to flooding . "  The  majority are living in areas prone to floods . Schools are closed , offices and buildings  are  closed . " According to a statement from the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , the typhoon was expected to affect 43 million people spread across 22 provinces . Around 136,000 households within the affected area are in places highly susceptible to landslides and storm surge . Half of these households , the statement adds , about 342,200 people , are poor . Evacuations have taken place in vulnerable areas on a needs basis . The NDRRMC said that over 7,000 homes were completely destroyed , and almost 20,000 more damaged . Infrastructure also suffered , with 15 roads and four bridges becoming impassable . "  A Task Force from the humanitarian community was set up to agree on additional measures to enhance our readiness to respond and remains on standby , " UNOCHA Humanitarian Coordinator Luiza Carvalho said . Worst over for landfall city As the storm passed Legazpi , James Reynolds , a freelance videographer who spent the night in the city , ventured out and saw what he described as a "  community effort " to clear the fallen trees and power lines , and repair some of the property damage . "  The buildings made of solid concrete are OK , but a lot of buildings , windows have been blown out , doors blown out and some of the lighter structures that people live in have n't fared so well but generally its not as bad as it could have been " he told CNN . The storm significantly intensified just before landfall into a much stronger system . It was expected to be of Category 2 strength but upon hitting land turned into a Category 3 storm , with sustained winds of 205 kilometers per hour . It lost strength as it moved across the island of Luzon . "  People in this region have really been on edge since the events of Haiyan , " Reynolds said . "  The problem with this storm is that it seems to have caught a lot of people off guard . " As the typhoon passed , he said that the anticipated storm surge in Legazpi "  had n't been an issue . " The storm cut across the main island of the Philippines , hitting numerous population centers across southern and central Luzon . 11 provinces lost power although some were cut off for precautionary measures . The Philippines is hit by an average of eight or nine storms a year . Rammasun is the first to hit since last year 's Typhoon Haiyan killed more than 6,250 people , left more than 1,000 missing and caused widespread destruction . Rammasun heads towards China As the storm continues on past the Philippines , conditions over the South China Sea favor intensification . The storm could be a Category 3 as it gains strength over the sea and nears southern China . The storm is expected to brush the northern part of the Chinese island of Hainan on Friday evening local time  Friday morning ET  as a strong typhoon , likely still a Category 3 . CNN 's Samantha Mohr contributed to this report .	NEW : Government agency confirms 38 dead , 8 missing Typhoon Rammasun weakens into a Category 1 storm Relief agencies express concern about flooding , landslides As many as 350,000 people were evacuated from their homes
CNN  -- Former world No. 1 Rafael Nadal was back in singles action for the first time in seven months Wednesday , making a winning return on the clay courts he has dominated so emphatically in recent years . Having not played a singles match since his shock defeat to Lukas Rosol in the second round of Wimbledon last year due to a left knee injury , a little rustiness was perhaps to be expected . But , after losing the first two games of his match with Argentine Federico Delbonis , the 11-time grand slam champion recovered to record a morale-boosting 6-3 6-2 victory in the second round of the Chile Open in Vina del Mar. . "  I 'm happy to play a singles match after so long , " the 26-year-old told the ATP World Tour 's website . "  I need days and time to get my game back , but so far the feeling on court is great . " The Spaniard , who has dropped to fifth in the world rankings during his long absence , made his much-anticipated return in a doubles match Tuesday . Nadal partnered up with Argentina 's Juan Monaco to beat the Czech pairing of Frantisek Cermak and Lukas Dlouhy . "  For now the most important thing is to spend as much time as possible on court , " added Nadal . "  This victory allows me to play at least two more matches , singles and doubles . "  To practice is one thing but to play is totally different . In a real match you ca n't control your body as you do in practice . " Nadal 's focus will be firmly on the French Open , the year 's second grand slam which begins in May in Paris . The Mallorca native has ruled the Roland Garros event in recent years , winning seven of the last eight events . His hopes of marking his comeback by claiming the title in Chile were boosted by the defeat of World No. 15 Monaco . The defending champion and second seed was shocked 7-6 6-4 by the 93rd ranked Guillaume Rufin of France , who recorded just his second career win over a top 20 player .	Rafael Nadal wins on his return to singles action The former world No. 1 beats Argentine Federico Delbonis 6-3 6-2 The 11-time grand slam winner has been out for seven months with a knee injury The Spaniard made his return in a doubles victory on Tuesday
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius left jail Friday , free on bond eight days after the shooting death of his model girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp . Magistrate Desmond Nair said the state had problems with its investigation and had not offered enough proof to keep Pistorius jailed . "  I come to the conclusion that the accused has made a case to be released on bail , " Nair said , eliciting a celebratory cry of "  Yes ! " from the courtroom . "  We are relieved , " said Pistorius ' uncle , Arnold , speaking on behalf of the family . Pistorius , who wept throughout much of Friday 's hearing , remained quiet and reserved after the announcement and did not appear to celebrate . His family hugged quietly . "  As a family , we know Oscar 's version of what happened that tragic night . And we know that that is the truth and that will prevail in the coming court cases , " his uncle said . Pistorius is accused of premeditated murder in the February 14 shooting death of Steenkamp , 29 . Prosecutors say Pistorius , 26 , killed her after a heated argument in the early morning hours of Valentine 's Day . The sprinter says he thought an intruder was hiding in a toilet room inside the bathroom of his Pretoria home . He says he fired in a fit of terror before realizing Steenkamp was inside . "  I 'd like to ask Oscar why he did n't lean over and touch my cousin first ... and say ` are you okay ? ' ` keep quiet , ' ` I 'm coming now , ' " said Kim Martin , Steenkamp 's cousin . In full : Pistorius ' affidavit to court While recounting a litany of "  improbabilities " in Pistorius ' account , Nair said defense attorneys had done enough to prove the "  exceptional circumstances " required by South African law for the release of a suspect charged with premeditated murder . He said the former chief investigator in the case , Hilton Botha , had made "  several errors and concessions " in his testimony at the bail hearing , and said prosecutors had failed to prove that Pistorius was a flight risk or had a propensity toward violence . Botha was replaced after prosecutors reinstated attempted murder charges against him in a 2011 incident unrelated to Pistorius . Key arguments During the four-day bail hearing , prosecutors argued that Pistorius had a history of violence and that his account did n't add up . Prosecutors relied heavily on Botha 's testimony , including statements from witnesses , who said they heard Pistorius and Steenkamp arguing before the shooting , as well as ballistic evidence that Botha said proved Pistorius was lying about how he had shot into the door . But Botha seemed to buckle under questioning from defense attorney Barry Roux , who got the detective to acknowledge that the bullet evidence was n't as conclusive as he had initially said and that at least one witness he had spoken to could not say for certain that the sounds he had heard came from Pistorius ' house . Nair also said that Botha had failed to exhaustively check cell phone records and chided the investigator for failing to check with Interpol before testifying that Pistorius owned a home in Italy -- raising his profile as a potential flight risk . The source of the information about the house apparently was a magazine article , the judge noted . Roux also said that defense investigators had found a bullet missed by police and that police may have contaminated the crime scene by failing to wear protective shoe covers . Police had run out of the covers , Botha testified . Nair said he was n't convinced by prosecution arguments that Pistorius had a violent nature and was a threat to the public . The prosecution cited an incident in which Pistorius reportedly fired a gun on accident inside a Johannesburg restaurant and another in which he allegedly made violent threats . Finally , Nair said Botha had "  blundered " in testifying that a substance recovered from Pistorius ' home was testosterone . Some outsiders to the case have speculated that steroids or other substances could have played a role in the killing . The defense lawyer told Nair the substance was a legal herbal remedy . Tests are ongoing , authorities said . Too soon to judge On the other hand , Nair said Pistorius ' account is full of "  improbabilities , " from why he did not know Steenkamp had gotten out of bed to why he would have charged toward the bathroom door -- where he believed he had an intruder cornered -- if he was as scared for his life as he claimed . Nair warned that it is too soon to judge the state 's case , and he noted that a wide range of experts beyond Botha had worked on the initial phases of the investigation -- from ballistics experts to specialists in blood spatter . "  The pieces of the puzzle may not yet all be before me , " he said . Conditions of bail Pistorius left jail in a Land Rover chased by paparazzi on motorcycles Friday afternoon after posting a cash bond of 100,000 Rand  about $ 11,200  . Another 900,000 Rand  about $ 100,800  is due by March 1 , Nair said . He headed to his uncle 's home after his release . He can not return to the home where the shooting happened , has to give up his passport and ca n't go near an airport , Nair ruled . He also ca n't drink alcohol and must report to authorities four times a month . Read more : What 's life like in a South African prison ? Investigator 's removal The decision comes a day after the South African Police Service moved to remove Botha from the case . Botha , a 22-year detective , is accused of seven counts of attempted murder after allegedly chasing and firing on a minibus full of people while drunk , according to officials . A spokeswoman for South Africa 's prosecution service said the accusations would be little more than a "  speed bump " in the case . Friend reacts Model Vanessa Haywood , a South African model who is friends with Pistorius , said the murder charge does n't fit with the kind-spirited man she knows . And she said she can relate to Pistorius ' story of being filled with terror at the thought of an intruder . "  It 's not the safest place in the world , " she said of crime-ridden South Africa , where murder and carjacking cases are common . "  My own home is like a prison . His version of events is n't as far-fetched as people think it is . " ` Blade Runner ' Pistorius earned the nickname "  Blade Runner " as he competed on special carbon fiber blades in place of more traditional prosthetic limbs . He was born missing bones in his lower legs , and doctors amputated his legs below the knees when he was 11 months old . Pistorius attained fame as a symbol of triumph over adversity when won a challenge to compete in the London Olympics . While he failed to medal there , he smashed a record to win the men 's 400-meter race in the Paralympic Games a few weeks later . He is considered a national hero in South Africa . Pistorius put his career on hold after his arrest , and sponsors Nike and Oakley suspended their contracts with him . Read more : Nike 's bullet ad with Pistorius backfires His coach said Friday before the bail decision that , should he be let out on bail , the runner would resume training . CNN iReport : What my son taught me about Oscar Pistorius Diane McCarthy reported from Pretoria . Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Chelsea J. Carter , Nic Robertson , Ben Brumfield , Kim Norgaard and Diane McCarthy also contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius leaves jail after posting bond Family is relieved , uncle says Pistorius is accused of killing his model girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp Magistrate cites "  errors and concessions " from chief investigator during testimony
CNN  -- Lebanese authorities on Saturday arrested three people in connection with the kidnapping of two Turkish pilots , both of whom remain missing more than a week later . The Turkish Airlines pilots were riding a bus heading from Beirut-Rafic Hariri International Airport to their hotel early August 9 when armed assailants stopped the bus , according to Turkey 's foreign ministry . Reports on the number of attackers -- who were riding in two vehicles -- varied from four to eight . Lebanon 's state-run National News Agency reported Saturday that three people had been arrested by the Internal Security Forces Information Branch "  in connection " with the kidnapping . It was n't clear whether they were among the alleged kidnappers , or whether they were accused of being involved in some other fashion . Security agents questioned the driver as a witness , according to NNA . Other airline employees on the bus made it safely to the hotel , Turkey 's foreign ministry said . "  Our ministry and our embassy will exert intensive efforts in cooperation with the Lebanese authorities to ensure the liberation of our pilots and their return to Turkey , " the ministry said last week . CNN 's Deanna Hackney and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report	Arrests made in the kidnapping of Turkish Airlines pilots , state news says Gunmen had halted a bus near Beirut , then took away pilots Others safely got to a hotel
St. Petersburg , Florida  CNN  -- Oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill may have settled to the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico further east than previously suspected and at levels toxic to marine life , researchers reported Monday . Initial findings from a new survey of the Gulf conclude that dispersants may have sent the oil to the ocean floor , where it has turned up at the bottom of an undersea canyon within 40 miles of the Florida Panhandle . Plankton and other organisms showed a "  strong toxic response " to the crude , according to researchers from the University of South Florida . "  The dispersant is moving the oil down out of the surface and into the deeper waters , where it can affect phytoplankton and other marine life , " said John Paul , a marine microbiologist at USF . Results of the latest survey are scheduled to be released Tuesday , but CNN obtained a summary of the initial conclusions Monday night . Tests conducted offshore indicate the oil matches the 205-million-gallon Deepwater Horizon spill , which has been temporarily capped for a month , the summary states . Some of it has spread into the DeSoto Canyon , a channel on the ocean floor east of the ruptured well . That canyon comprises part of the spawning grounds for much of the Gulf 's commercial fish . "  To date , this is the easternmost location for the occurrence of subsurface oils , " the report states . The oil is not "  draping " across the bottom , but is spread out in "  small , unevenly distributed droplets , " the report states . USF chemical oceanographer David Hollander said that when an ultraviolet light used to detect oil was turned onto the sea floor , "  All of a sudden , it turns out to be a constellation of little dots . " And the oil could well up onto the continental shelf and resurface later , Paul said . Or it could be eaten by fish and other animals and accumulate in the food chain , Hollander said . "  It 's in such small droplets that you can see it -- you can filter it and see it , " he said . "  But if you look at it , it 's transparent , and small larval fish see these droplets as food so they 're ingesting pure oil . " The Environmental Protection Agency has previously reported some oil turning up in the sediment at the bottom of the Gulf , but has not determined whether it came from the Deepwater Horizon spill that erupted in April or whether it was already present . And on August 4 , the head of the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration warned that oil could persist in the water even though the well has been temporarily capped . The oil company BP used more than 1.8 million gallons of chemical dispersants on the Deepwater Horizon spill between its eruption in late April and the time the well was capped in mid-July . BP says the chemicals allowed the oil to be broken up into droplets small enough that microbes can digest it , and the Environmental Protection Agency has said the dispersants were no more toxic than the oil itself . Critics warned the full effect of the dispersants on the food chain was not known and that their use in deep water effectively concealed the full extent of the spill . NOAA spokeswoman Mary Jane Schramm said on Monday that she had not seen the latest study and could n't comment on it . BP spokesman John Curry , meanwhile , said the company wants "  to know everything everyone wants to know . " The company is responsible for capping , cleaning up and compensating victims of the oil spill , and it has committed to spending $ 500 million to research the spill 's impact over the next 10 years . The latest study will "  add another piece to the puzzle , " Curry said . "  There will be others that 'll want to look at this study and want to look at doing some additional research , " he said . "  There 's been extensive testing up to this point , and I 'm sure there will be much more going forward . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	South Florida researchers find oil traces in undersea Gulf canyon Plankton showed "  strong toxic response " to the crude , initial results show Researchers say the oil could resurface later
Berlin  CNN  -- Prosecutors in Germany have begun proceedings against a company that makes a card game featuring Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler , among others , they said Tuesday . The Hitler card features a photo of the dictator and a partially obscured swastika , the Nazi party symbol -- the display of which is illegal in Germany . "  The photo as such could be problematic , but in connection with the swastika it definitely is , " said Antje Gabriels-Gorsolke , chief prosecutor and spokeswoman for Nuremberg state prosecutor 's office . The state prosecutor 's office became aware of the cards because they were on display at the International Toy Fair which is going on in Nuremberg at the moment . They have ordered the cards to be confiscated . The handler has , in any case , cleared his stand . The card game "  Dictator 's Quartet : The world 's most evil dictators on 32 playing cards " also features historical figures such as Uganda 's Idi Amin Dada and Augusto Pinochet of Chile . It divides dictators into categories such as fascists , military rulers and U.S. puppets , with each card listing their age on succession to power , length of time in power , number of victims and private income . The game is on sale for 10 euros  about $ 13.60  . The company that makes the game did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . It also makes card games featuring plagues , bugs and drugs .	A card in the game "  Dictator 's Quartet " features Adolf Hitler and a swastika Displaying the swastika is illegal in Germany Other historical figures in the game include Idi Amin and Augusto Pinochet The maker of the game has not responded to CNN questions
Ester Levanon rejects the notion of "  having it all . " The head of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange says women should do whatever feels right for them , not what society thinks is best . "  I do n't believe I have to prove to the world that I am a success only because I have a husband and two children and two grandchildren , " says Levanon , who split childcare with her husband while head of the Israeli Security Service 's computer division . "  That 's me , that 's my life , that 's what I wanted to do . " After graduating from Hebrew University with a Masters in math , Levanon was was scouted to join the Israeli Security Service  Shin Bet  in 1973 while working at a software company . The service was in the early stages of computerization , and Levanon , whose brother was killed in the Yom Kippur war , wanted to do something "  more than just work . " "  It really appealed to me , because I felt I could serve my country , " she says . She spent 12 years with the service , initially as a consultant , but eventually launching its IT division . She says being the first and only female manager at the Israeli Security Service was not as difficult as convincing the organization that it needed to adopt new technology . "  They knew absolutely nothing about IT , " she recalls . "  More than that , they really hated the idea . " Levanon also brought wide-sweeping technology adoption to the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange , which she joined as Chief Information Officer in 1986 before becoming CEO in 2006 . The exchange , which includes more than 600 companies -- more than 50 dual-listed on the NASDAQ -- now offers automated trading , clearing and settlement . In January , it was one of several Israeli businesses attacked by hackers , who managed to crash the exchange 's website , although not its trading system . In 2010 , the exchange was upgraded from emerging to developed market status by index provider MSCI Inc and this year also topped Bloomberg 's Riskless Return Rankings of developed markets . Here , the 65-year-old tells CNN about Israel 's tight-knit business community , the sector she 's most excited by , and what she 's learned about children . On "  having it all " ... It 's pure nonsense . I do n't know the meaning of ` have it all . ' Everyone should have what they would like to have . If someone becomes a manager and she does n't have a family , I do n't think that she does n't have it all . Maybe that 's the way she likes things . People  should do what they believe is right , not what society believes is right for them . More from Leading Women : Female racer 's lessons from life in the fast lane On childcare ... My husband and I split the responsibility , and we were helped by other people from time to time . We both managed to have careers . But that was so uncommon at the time that , at first , I pitied myself and said "  I 'm working harder and look at the men ! " And then , I realized that he 's paying a higher price . I do n't believe he looked at it as a sacrifice . That 's the life we built together and it was very natural . Each couple builds its own life ; that 's what we did . When  my sons  were 10 and 12 , one of them complained that all of his friends come back  from school  knowing they have their mothers at home . Why am I not there ? His brother told him , "  If she wants to succeed and have a better job , she must work harder . " I found out two things about children . First of all , they will always complain . If the mother is always home , they will complain . If she 's not at home , they will complain . Second , I believe that my sons are very proud of what I achieve . I have to tell you that one time I stayed at home for one week and they went crazy . I started playing mother , asking them all kinds of questions I never asked . They wanted me out of the house . On Israel ... In about 64 years , we managed to come from nothing to being a developed market . Israelis are hard workers and they invest a lot . When you do n't have natural resources , you need brain resources , and that 's how the hi-tech community and the biotech community came to life . One of the things you see in Israel is everyone knows everyone . So , if you are looking for someone bright , you either met him during your army service or someone knows someone . They say you need three contacts to know anyone in the world -- in Israel , you need one . On the Eurozone ... What should happen is that the citizens will realize that they have to pay in order to bring Greece back to what it used to be and what it should be . As long as they are not willing to pay the price , everyone has a problem . I wish I knew what the solution is . That would make me a hero . But we probably will all have to be patient . More from Leading Women : Saudi female entrepreneurs exploit changing attitudes On biomedical investment ... A very interesting sector . It 's the future of the world , I believe . That 's what 's going to save the human race . On having a mathematics degree ... Being a mathematician always appeals to everyone . They are so afraid of those who really understand mathematics . On being the Israeli Security Service 's first female manager ... They always treated me as an equal , but they also told me I am not an example . It does n't mean that now they believe that women can do it . I never knew whether to treat that as a compliment or an insult . I decided it was a compliment .	Ester Levanon brought automation to the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange In the 1970s , she created the Israeli Security Services ' IT division Levanon rejects the concept of "  having it all " Children will complain regardless of whether their mother works , she says
CNN  Creflo Dollar is hoping a few folks will see fit to bless him . The minister , known for being a prosperity preacher at his Atlanta-area World Changers Church International , is seeking "  200,000 people committed to sow $ 300 or more  to  help achieve our goal to purchase the G650 airplane . " The figures were presented Friday in a nearly six-minute video on the Creflo Dollar Ministries website and total more than $ 60 million needed to buy the Gulfstream G650 , which goes for a reported $ 65 million . The page featuring the video and information on the fundraiser has been taken down , but those wishing to donate are still able to do so on the church 's gift page . The project is n't limited to member donations , as the site states that "  we are asking members , partners and supporters of this ministry to assist us in acquiring a Gulfstream G650 . " The request goes on to detail that the luxury jet will transport Pastors Creflo and Taffi Dollar and member of the Dollars ' church around the globe to help them spread the gospel . Prosperity gospel is a theology that promises wealth and health to those who tithe 10 % of their income to the church . The video includes parishioners , a pilot , a project manager and even the President of Liberia , Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , advocating on behalf of the pastor . On the video , the pastor chronicles incidents involving his current jet , which has been in service for more than three decades : The right engine went out en route to Australia , but the plane was able to safely land at its destination thanks to the experience of the pilot and crew . During another trip , mechanical failure caused the jet to skid off a runway in London while Taffi Dollar and their three daughters were aboard . Dollar attributed his family 's safe arrival to "  a grace working on that airplane , that brought my girls back home to me , you understand what I am saying ? " he said from the pulpit to thunderous applause . Dollar said that after those incidents , he "  knew that it was time to begin to believe God for a new airplane . " The Gulfstream G650 would comfortably allow the ministry make its way around the world . It seats up to 14 passengers with berthing for six , according to gulfstream.com . The jet comes with two Rolls-Royce engines , high-speed Internet and two multichannel satellites and allows for a four-and-a-half-hour commute from New York to Los Angeles . "  The G650 is the biggest , fastest , most luxurious , longest range and most technologically advanced jet -- by far , " according to the site . In soliciting the donations , Dollar 's site states , "  We need your help to continue reaching a lost and dying world for the Lord Jesus Christ . Your love gift of any amount will be greatly appreciated . " Attempts to contact Dollar 's ministry for comment were unsuccessful .	Link to video asking church members to pledge goes to error page The preacher wants to buy a new jet , as his current one is more than 30 years old The jet would be used to help spread the gospel , Dollar says
CNN  -- A Danish entrepreneur is trying to end poverty in Africa through microcredit -- funding African businesses by connecting them with investors from around the world . Tim Vang is the co-founder of MYC4 , a web-based marketplace that lets investors bid to provide loans to small and medium-sized African businesses . Bidders compete in an online auction , with those offering money at the lowest interest rates financing the loan . Typically , around 50 investors will part fund a single loan . All the businesses applying for a loan have been vetted and judged to have good growth prospects . MYC4 says the model gives African entrepreneurs access to credit at low interest rates , while allowing lenders to make a profit from the interest . It 's a system MYC4 claims can help eradicate poverty in Africa by building its economies from the bottom up . Over 18,000 investors from 107 countries have so far invested more than $ 12 million in 6,346 African businesses , according to MYC4 . Vang discussed his business-oriented approach to fighting poverty with CNN 's Max Foster . CNN : In terms of where you got the idea from , what were the needs you discovered ? Tim Vang : Six years ago , I met the other co-founder Mads  Kjær  in a cab in London by coincidence and he had been working the last two decades within and for Africa , whereas I had n't . We actually got inspired by how we can help Africa -- we read everywhere that Africa is growing , the GDP growing 5 % a year , but actually the access directly to these small and medium-sized enterprises is hard , so we said "  could we create an infrastructure that was investing directly in African entrepreneurs ? " We will have a completely different story -- it 's not about waiting for the U.N. and others to save the world , it is about you and I having a tool at our fingertips to be able to help and save the world , make it a better world . CNN : So we get the story of someone that is looking for some finance and then you can offer a loan . Explain how that works through the site . TV : Round numbers -- an entrepreneur is looking for $ 1,000 , we 're 10 people each with $ 100 and we go in and bid . There 's a Dutch auction -- so you come with a very attractive offer of 3 % , I 'm trying to optimize my bid and come with a 28 % and altogether the average weighted interest is that it fulfills the borrower 's need -- and then person number 11 comes in and says , "  Tim , you are too expensive , " and kicks me out with a lower interest rate and I can come back into the auction . CNN : So someone with some money can offer a loan and the one with the cheapest rate at the end gets to give the loan . TV : Yes , not just one , there could be several . We 've seen loans with one lender , we 've also seen several hundred lenders within each loan . CNN : And how do we know a borrower is n't using some of the money that your businesses lent him on a project which is n't the project that you think you are investing in ? TV : We have providers which are our partners in Africa , financial institutions , that are doing the vetting of the business , looking at their business plan -- can they repay ? Do they have the ability ? Also we run spot checks , ensuring that the loan they are asking for is also used for the business growth . CNN : How do I know that is safe ? Because you are not a bank , so you are not regulated like a bank . Where does the regulation come from ? TV : We work together with banks , we are , popularly said , a platform on top of banks , meaning your money will never be in our platform , it will be in a bank and that bank will transfer it to another bank in the local country that is being disbursed . CNN : What are you appealing to in terms of the loan givers ? You are offering them a chance to get involved in charity , or is it just pure business in an economy which will inevitably grow ? TV : I think it is a combination ; these two things go hand in hand . A smart two liner would be business must be for profit , but profit must be for a purpose . For some it is an obvious "  I want to make a profit , " for others it is clearly the social upside of helping other people .	Tim Vang co-founded MYC4 , a platform helping African entrepreneurs find money It works to improve access to credit for small and medium-sized businesses The web-based marketplace says it has helped more than 6,000 businesses
CNN  -- Are you ready for some football ? Not so fast ! The Navy-Air Force and the Boston-Army games are on . But there 's no word yet on whether 23 other weekend athletic events at service academies will take place , thanks to the government shutdown . Even the Navy-Air Force game practically became a matter of national security . Though the game was sold out , the two sides had to wait for the Defense Department 's greenlight . A senior department official said the game was allowed to go forward because it involved all non-budgeted funds , and thus was not affected by the shutdown . The official said planning and preparation , including broadcast contracts , had already been in place for this week 's game . It 'll kick off at 11:40 a.m. Saturday at the Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium in Annapolis , Maryland , and will be televised by CBS . The United States Naval Academy enters the contest with a 2-1 record , while United States Air Force Academy is 1-4 . The winner of the last 13 encounters went on to win the Commander-In-Chief 's Trophy . Other games uncertain The future of other critical matchups this weekend is still up in the air . The Army will play Boston College this weekend , a senior defense official said early Thursday morning . "  Lots of chatter re Army game ; we owe you accuracy . In constant contact with Army tonight , will let you know asap when confirmed , " the college 's athletic director , Brad Bates , tweeted late Wednesday night . Should the shutdown continue , service academy games will be reviewed on a week-by-week basis . "  Each one of the service academies has some type of athletics alumni association that can help provide non-appropriated funds , " Cmdr. Bill Urban told HLNtv.com . "  We absolutely ca n't use appropriated funds during a government shutdown because we do n't have them . " CNN 's Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	If shutdown continues , service academy games will be reviewed on a weekly basis Navy-Air Force was allowed to go forward because it involved all non-budgeted funds
You 've heard of crowdfunding -- raising funds through donations on the internet -- well , get ready for "  like " funding . An enterprising new startup in Hong Kong has devised a way of harnessing Facebook "  likes " as a way of getting valuable donations to worthy causes and , at the same time , boosting the corporate social responsibility profile of the companies that provide the cash . Called Likefunding.me , the small team in Hong Kong 's Science Park district -- the city 's answer to Silicon Valley -- works to bring good stories and brands together . Co-founder Kelly Yim -- a former actuary with a major bank -- left her job to devise a system that would benefit charities , creative projects and social enterprise projects . "  We want to rally supporters to share interesting stories on creative projects that carry a sponsor 's logo . Through this sharing we can generate a measurable media exposure for corporate sponsors , " Yim said , adding that sponsors get their corporate logo embedded with the story which appears whenever the project is ` liked ' or shared . "  We know creative projects have the capacity to go viral -- just look at the potato salad project . We want to devise a system that allows people with these kind of projects to monetize their media exposure , " she added . With corporations donating a purse of a maximum of between $ 1,500 and $ 2,000 , internet users can choose from a menu of projects to "  like . " Each "  like " will typically give the project around $ HK2 and each "  like " will carry the backer 's brand logo . "  What we do is match-make creative projects with corporates , " explained Yim . "  We have a database of different projects currently from Hong Kong and then we have contact with the corporate sponsors . "  After we match-make them based on their corporate social responsibility objectives , we provide a web link for the creative projects , which is for their supporters to share the story with a different Facebook circle . " Using a simple embeddable button on the project , all supporters have to do is click the button to make a mini-donation . The business model for Likefunding is similar to crowdfunding models where the company takes 10 % of the successful funds raised . For a company that only filed its invention patent five months ago and had a beta-launch in August , it already has more than a few successes under its belt . One in particular was a Hong Kong school principal who quit his job to start a charity organization to provide free tutorials to underprivileged children . "  In a matter of just six hours , he generated 5,000 ` likes ' and 8,000 shares , " Yim said . "  The result was quite impressive because the media exposure that project created was probably worth more than the exposure he got through Hong Kong 's mainstream press . " Other projects include work with abandoned animals and medical projects in China . "  The ultimate objective is to make it like an advertising platform -- corporates can come to us , find the projects they want and at the same time their investment can be supporting interesting initiatives , " she said . Good stories , she says , have the capacity to go viral and can be worth more to corporations than the equivalent in advertising . While there is a cap on the corporate donation so that a compelling and viral story does not sink its benefactor with Facebook "  likes , " Yim said that a donation of around $ 2,000 can make a big difference to a small charity . As for Likefunding , the company is looking to break even after next year . Yim said that while many startups founder within a year , she has high hopes for the group she helped to set up . More than anything , she said , a startup needs money and it needs publicity when it starts out . She believes the Likefunding model has the capacity to deliver both . Meanwhile , its most difficult task at the moment is educating a skeptical industry . Digital media specialist Napoleon Biggs said the model was , as yet , largely untested . "  I 'm really not sure if people are prepared to have sponsors ride their posts in exchange for funding a project . I guess if it 's a cause that you believe in , why not , " he said . For Yim , however , the whole thrust of Likefunding is getting corporates to put their money where their Facebook "  likes " are . "  It takes a lot of perseverance to get corporations to invest in this type of creative project -- it 'll at least take a year to educate them , " Yim said , adding that the group have now set their sites on China as its next frontier and is already investigating a tie-up with the mainland digital giant Sina Weibo . Read this : The 10 hottest startups rights now Read this : The apps taking China by storm More from Virtual Think Tank	Likefunding uses Facebook likes to fund charitable and creative projects Corporations pledge a fund of money that friends can draw from when they ` like ' a project Corporations get their logo on the project and gain valuable publicity
CNN  Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , made news this week when he told CNN 's Dana Bash that he would get his health care through Obamacare . Previously , Cruz 's family was covered under his wife 's policy through her employer , the investment bank Goldman Sachs . But with her husband 's presidential candidacy underway , Heidi Cruz has taken a leave without pay . So she has lost her Goldman Sachs health benefits . The story went viral , in part because Cruz once engineered a partial government shutdown to try to kill Obamacare . As part of his crusade , Cruz conducted a 21-hour talkathon on the Senate floor , during which he read Dr. Seuss ' classic "  Green Eggs and Ham . " Spoiler alert : "  Green Eggs and Ham " ends with the protagonist actually trying the food he thought he hated -- and liking it . Now that Cruz is likely to try Obamacare , my guess is he will have a similar experience . So , with apologies to Dr. Seuss -- who would no doubt have found a way to rhyme "  President Bar " with "  Obamacare " -- here is my updated version of "  Green Eggs and Ham . " President BarPresident BarI do not likethat President Bar Do you likeObamacare ? I do not like it , President Bar.I do not likeObamacare . Would you like ithere or there ? I would not like ithere or there.I would not like itanywhere.I do not likeObamacareI do not like it , President Bar . Would you like itfor the Senate?Would you like itfor a minute ? I do not like itfor the Senate.I do not like itfor a minute.I do not like ithere or there.I do not like itanywhere.I do not like Obamacare.I do not like it , President Bar . Would you try itin a pinch?Would you try itfor an inch ? Not in a pinch.Not for an inch.Not in the Senate.Not for a minute.I would not like it here or there.I would not like it anywhere.I will not use Obamacare.I do not like it , President Bar . Would you ? Could you?Back in Texas?Try it ! Try it!In your Lexus . I would notcould notback in Texas . You may like it , You will see.It comes witha subsidy . I do n't want a subsidyNot in a car ! You let me be.I do not like it back in Texas.I do not like it in my Lexus.I do not like in the Senate.I do not like it for a minute.I do not like it here or there.I do not like it anywhere.I do not like Obamacare.I do not like it President Bar . Exchange ! Exchange!Exchange ! Exchange!Could you , would youon an exchange ? No damn exchange ! No subsidy!Not in a car , Bar ! Let me be!I do not like it back in Texas.I do not like it in my Lexus.I do not like in the Senate.I do not like it for a minute.I do not like it here or there.I do not like it anywhere.I do not like Obamacare.I do not like it President Bar . Say ! On CNN?Here on CNN!Would you , could you , on CNN ? I would not , could not , on CNN . Would you , could you , in Des Moines ? I would not , could not , in Des Moines.I simply could not bear to join.Not on CNN . Not back in Texas.Not on an exchange . Not in my Lexus.Not in the Senate . Not for a minute.I do not like it here or there.I do not like it anywhere ! You do not likeObamacare ? I do notlike it , President Bar . Could you , would youwith Harry Reid ? I would not , could notwith Harry Reid ! Would you if care wereguaranteed ? I could not , even if it 's guaranteed.I will not join with Harry Reid.I will not do it in Des Moines.I simply could not bear to join.Not on CNN . Not back in Texas.Not on an exchange . Not in my Lexus.Not in the Senate . Not for a minute.I do not like it here or there.I do not like it ANYWHERE!I do not likeObamacare!I do not like it , President Bar . But if your wife leaves Goldman Sachs , And you do n't want to pay the tax , Try it ! Try it ! You may seeObamacare is good for me . Bar!If Goldman drops my policy , And I look at it honestly , I will try it , you will see . Say!I like Obamacare!I do ! I like it , President Bar!I like that it is guaranteed.I 'll even join with Harry Reid.But do not tell them in Des Moines.That it makes sense for me to join.I 'll walk it back on CNN . I 'll still attack it now and then.But I 'll be on it back in Texas . I 'll be on it in my Lexus.I 'll be on it in the Senate . Signing up just took a minute.I secretly like it here and there.I love that it covers me everywhere ! I do so like Obamacare!Thank you!Thank you , President Bar .	Paul Begala notes  in verse  Ted Cruz 's apparent change of heart on Obamacare , which he slammed but has now signed up for He says Cruz 's politics will demand he continue to advocate for law 's repeal despite benefits he receives from its coverage
CNN  -- "  Are you running for president ? " "  When will you announce that you 're running for president ? " "  Why wo n't you just announce that you 're running for president ? " "  You would n't be have gone to Iowa if you were n't running for president , would you ? Despite the world aflame , Ebola spreading and the Washington Nationals in the playoffs , it seems the only thing the political press can do is speculate about a potential Hillary presidential candidacy . Keep in mind we are two years and two months away from the next presidential election . And yet the urgency is fierce , bordering on indignation : "  Why wo n't she just tell us if she 's running ? " Well , why should she ? An announcement now would be stupid , and Hillary is definitely not stupid . If she were to go Open Kimono on us now it would draw attention from crucial midterm elections , siphon campaign donations from Democrats struggling to hold onto the Senate and possibly even eclipse important debates on how to fight ISIS and whether to shut down the government  again  . There is little such insistence about , say , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie or Indiana Gov. Mike Pence or even two-time loser Mitt Romney . We presume they 're running -- just as most folks presume Hillary is . But we 're not hectoring them at every turn ; we 're not resentful that they have n't made a formal announcement . Probably because we just do n't care as much about them . They 're not leading in the polls by a million points  nor will Hillary , if and when a campaign is underway  , and they simply do not rivet the national attention the way the former first lady , former senator , former secretary of state and future  ?!  first female president does . I have not been in touch with Hillary , so I do not speak with intimate knowledge . But I have known her for -- jeez , 23 years . And I actually believe her when she says she has not completely made up her mind . Hillary is a wonk who 's had to learn the rhythms of campaigning . That 's very different from , say , Texas Gov. Rick Perry , a glad-handing natural for whom it can be said that if an idea wanted to cross his mind it would need to bring a canteen . Hillary believes politics should be about ideas -- a clash of visions , of competing plans to promote the general welfare and provide for the common defense . This , after all , is a woman who rings in each New Year by standing and singing "  God Bless America . " But there are aspects of campaigning that she loves : a vigorous honest , face-to-face debate ; a town hall meeting in which folks ask substantive questions ; meeting people who pour their hearts out to her , who hold their baby daughters up to her , who share their hopes and their heartbreaks with her . So I can imagine that there is an angel on her shoulder whispering , "  Who needs it ? " Who needs the phoniness , the vacuity , the mind-numbing , bone-wearying , soul-crushing grind ? But on the other shoulder stands another angel , whispering , "  Because it 's worth it . " If you care about , say , universal pre-kindergarten -- an issue Hillary has cared about and worked on for decades -- or finding ways to stimulate job growth ; if you care about peace abroad and supporting our military families at home ; if you care about the climate crisis and full equality for LGBT Americans and voting rights and a million other issues : the best way to make turn those ideas into action is through the presidency . Hillary will decide soon enough . In the meantime , let 's let her listen to both of the angels debating for her heart . And maybe we can even give her a little breathing room as she becomes a grandmother . We have plenty of other potential presidential candidates . I suspect they 'd love the attention .	The political media wants to know why Hillary Clinton went to Iowa recently Paul Begala : They are almost indignant over why she wo n't declare her candidacy Even if she want to run for president , it does n't make sense to say it now , Begala says He says it 's just as likely that Hillary has not completely made up her mind
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Joint military exercises between South Korea and the United States officially ended Tuesday , the South Korean Defense Ministry said . But the ministry noted that South Korea is still closely monitoring for possible provocation and possible missile launches by North Korea . A torrent of unnerving threats from Pyongyang in recent weeks has strained already fragile relations in the region . The North 's rhetoric intensified when the U.N. Security Council voted last month to slap the tougher sanctions on the regime and amid the U.S.-South Korean military drills . The tensions prompted the closure of Kaesong Industrial Complex in North Korea -- one of the few symbols of inter-Korean cooperation . Key dates in U.S. military moves near North Korea The complex , which sits just north of the Demilitarized Zone that separates the two countries , houses the operations of more than 120 South Korean companies . During a frenzy of rhetoric aimed at South Korea and the United States earlier this month , the North began blocking South Koreans from entering the complex across the heavily fortified border . It then pulled out the more than 50,000 North Koreans who work in the zone 's factories , saying it was temporarily suspending activity there . The move surprised some observers since Kaesong was considered to be a key source of hard currency for the Kim Jong Un regime . Training to go supersonic with South Korea 's Top Guns Seven remain On Saturday , South Korea started withdrawing its remaining citizens from the manufacturing zone jointly operated with the North . On Tuesday , the South 's Unification Ministry said seven South Koreans remain at Kaesong to tie up loose ends . This is not the first time Kaesong has shut down . In 2009 , North Korea temporarily suspended in Kaesong Industrial Complex several times , not permitting South Koreans to enter and exit the zone . The suspension also took place during the annual U.S.-South Korean joint military drill . Threats of annihilation normal for South Koreans But if all South Korean workers pull out , it will be the first time the joint economic zone will have no South Korean workers since the business kicked off about a decade ago . In 2012 , the production value of the complex grew to $ 500 million ; just five years earlier , it topped $ 100 million for the first time . The average wage for North Korean workers in Kaesong Industrial Complex is $ 134 per month , according to the South Korean Unification Ministry . North Korean authorities take about 45 % of their wages for various tax reasons . South Korea pulls out citizens from joint industrial zone CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	The military drills end after a rash of fiery rhetoric from North Korea The regional tension prompted the closure of the Kaesong Industrial Complex The complex is located in the North but houses South Korean companies 7 South Koreans remain at the inter-Korean complex
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- Judging by the ferocity with which Gerrie Nel pursued a case of "  planned and premeditated " murder against Oscar Pistorius at his bail hearing , it would not be unreasonable to assume the state had a strong case . From the outset , however , the veracity of the state 's case appeared to dwindle . At the bail hearing in February , the then-lead investigator Hilton Botha crumbled on the stand and had to concede that there was little appreciable evidence gathered to back up the state 's claims . Worse , he admitted serious breaches of investigation protocol , including the failure to wear protective foot coverings at the crime scene , thereby contaminating certain forensic evidence . Botha also had to concede that Pistorius ' version of events was not implausible . This of course did not help Pistorius in the court of public opinion , as once the state 's sensational claims were made they were immediately disseminated around the world . Nonetheless , much of the state 's case was castigated by Magistrate Nair in his unusually long bail decision . Adding to the perception that the state 's case is floundering , on Tuesday , rather than presenting their charges to which Pistorius would plead , the state requested a two-month postponement to conduct further investigations . This equivocation is in stark contrast to their initial aggression at the bail proceedings . The most interesting part of the postponement hearing was the stark warning the magistrate issued to the media and the state to act responsibly and avoid "  scandalising the sanctity of justice " through a "  trial by media . " Read more : Pistorius judge warns of ` trial by media ' Clearly he was referring to the leaked photographs of the crime scene which were recently published . The leaking of these pictures , as well as reports in local newspapers that numerous police cell phones have subsequently been confiscated , adds to the perception that the state is mismanaging this case . This begs the question : considering a litany of state missteps and the wild public speculation triggered at the bail proceedings , can Pistorius get a fair trial ? Regarding his eventual trial in a court of law , the answer is clearly "  yes . " South Africa abandoned trial by jury in 1969 . Pistorius ' trial will thus be presided over by either a regional magistrate or a high court judge , possibly assisted by assessors . Judicial officers in South Africa are highly skilled and experienced and are keenly aware of their responsibility to apply the law in an impartial manner , guided by the evidence presented in court , not discussions occurring outside court . This much was inherently acknowledged by the magistrate 's warning yesterday -- he did not focus on the fairness of the trial being damaged but rather the sanctity of the justice system being called into disrepute . Read more : Photos show Steenkamp 's transformation However , Pistorius is unlikely to fare as well in the court of public opinion . To many South Africans Pistorius ' story of triumph over adversity came to symbolize the country 's own story . His personal fallibility has thus touched an uncomfortable nerve , reminding the country of its own fallibility , and leading to an angry backlash . To this segment of society Pistorius is already guilty of murder -- irrespective of what the evidence ends up revealing . The state 's bungles have only served to fuel the determination of Pistorius naysayers : if he is acquitted of murder it will not be put down to the fact that he was telling the truth , but because the state dropped the ball . This stance fails to acknowledge that even the best-run cases can result in an acquittal when the facts , as revealed through the evidence gathered , end up supporting an acquittal . So where does the evidence currently point ? It is simply too soon to tell . What we can ascertain is what evidence is likely to become pivotal . For example , the question of whether or not Pistorius was wearing his prosthetics is critical . Thus the ballistics evidence will be critical . The state appears to be relying on a contention that he took the time to put on his prosthetics before firing through the bathroom door . This , they claim , shows premeditation . Read more : Oscar Pistorius heartbroken , uncle says The defence has claimed he was not wearing his prosthetics , which left him feeling particularly vulnerable to a suspected intruder , thus flooding him with fear . The evidence at trial will eventually support one of these versions over the other . Before that evidence is offered in court , the public can not be clairvoyant -- despite firmly held beliefs either way , we simply do n't yet have enough information to know the truth . This is the purpose of a criminal trial , it is essentially a truth-finding mission and the rules of evidence and procedure are set up to enhance this . Hilton Botha , now retired from the police service , would do well to remind himself of this . He has given interviews to the media vociferously claiming Pistorius ' guilt and affirming that he will be called at trial to testify for the state . With respect , more is required than a policeman 's hunch to convict a person of murder . If he is trying to serve the interests of justice , rather than merely grinding an axe , he would do well to stop talking to the media and save his words for court . Read more : Who is ` Blade Runner ' Oscar Pistorius ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kelly Phelps .	Olympian and Paralympian Oscar Pistorius accused of killing girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp Pistorius denies murder , says he believed Steenkamp was an intruder Judge in the case has warned of danger of "  trial by media " because of press reports Phelps : We simply do n't have enough information yet to know truth of the case
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- There is at present a profound uncertainty about currencies . That is why the president of the World Bank , Robert Zoellick , created such a stir with a brief reference to an enhanced role for gold in the course of a plea for a more sustainable international exchange rate system . The revival of interest in a golden measure of value derives from two fundamental sources . First , there is a question about our personal sense of worth . The aftermath of the economic crisis has destroyed our confidence in the reliability of conventional paper money . We need money as a store of value , but in the course of the crisis it has also become a tool of government policy . Looser monetary policy or "  quantitative easing " can help to get the economy moving again . But the purposes of money may conflict and collide . When money becomes too much of a policy tool , the function of reliably measuring value gets chipped away . We look at gold when we are really upset about big price changes . Over the past two years , market sentiment has shifted abruptly from fear of deflation to fear of inflation . The crisis has produced a profound shock , in which some prices  especially housing  have moved sharply lower while others  notably foodstuffs and some raw materials  have increased . The movement of prices is actually an important part of the adjustment process : that is , Americans should devote less of their resources to building and filling mega-size houses . But the price changes involved are deeply discomforting : The prices that are falling represent a major store of wealth , because people viewed their house as a sort of source of cash ; and the prices that are rising are a major part of daily expenditure . More opinion on topics in the news The appeal of gold would be that it might be a better way of storing value . But it would not avoid the harsh task of adjustment at a personal level . Secondly , there is an international dimension to the concern with gold . The crisis has intensified international conflict . It has pushed countries to compete much more aggressively for markets , and to worry that other countries are using unfair means to push their exports . Americans think that China has maintained an artificially undervalued exchange rate , while Mediterranean countries accuse Germany of having devised the Euro as a monetary unit that gives Germany permanent cost advantages . Even former Federal Reserve Chair Alan Greenspan now says that U.S. monetary policy is aimed at the weakening of the dollar . As a consequence , the victims start to retaliate . Both the rhetoric and the consequences in terms of exchange rate actions seem to recall the currency wars of the 1930s , when the world spiraled down into protectionism . Can the countries of the world sit down at a table and hammer out an agreement on what exchange rates can be ? No previous attempt at such an exercise has been successful . The exchange rates adopted at Bretton Woods in 1944 needed to be extensively modified in the late 1940s , and the Smithsonian conference of 1971 , which tried to work out a new system , broke down within a year and a half as countries ignored any need for monetary constraint . The appeal of gold is that it sets a clear limit on the extent to which policy actions can manipulate exchange rates . But for nations and individuals , it does not in any way remove the pain from living in altered circumstances . The gold standard worked reasonably well in the 19th century , but even then it did not produce complete price stability . In the absence of new sources of gold , it exerted a downward influence on prices ; then , in the 1890s , new gold started to flow from South Africa , Australia and Alaska , and the result was mild inflation . A real effort at the monetization of gold today would produce a much more dramatic version of the same sort of logic . First , there would be a major scramble for gold and the current gold bubble would swell to even greater proportions . That would provide very large incentives to existing producers of gold in South Africa and Russia to intensify extraction , but also to others to look for nonconventional sources , such as the bulk processing of seawater to extract the very small gold content . The result would be an initial deflation and then a colossal inflation that would make the 19th century experience look trivial . The late-19th century critics who thought that there must be a better way of storing value than gold were right . But such a search demands sustained attention to methods of limiting the tendency of both individuals and governments to behave in a way that produces short-term gains while sacrificing the longer term good of stability . Self-limitation , rather than the magic fix of a new precious metal-based currency , should be the real golden rule . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harold James .	People are profoundly uncertain about currencies , says Harold James He says sharp drops in housing prices and increases in commodities are causing fear James : Gold appeals to people because it limits governments ' monetary policies Basing currencies on gold would result in deflation , then colossal inflation , says James
London  CNN  -- Whatever the literary merits of J.K. Rowling 's new novel , the Harry Potter author is unlikely to earn many plaudits for the originality of her subject matter . Have you read it yet ? Share your review ? With a plot examining social tensions and class divisions between the rich and poor residents of an English village , "  The Casual Vacancy " is a modern take on themes that have provided fertile inspiration for dramatists , novelists and satirists of English manners since at least the 17th century . Muggle moms await first adult J.K. Rowling book "  We 're a phenomenally snobby society and it 's such a rich seam , " Rowling said in an interview with The Guardian newspaper by way of explanation , in words that might as well have been attributed to Jane Austen , George Eliot , Joanna Trollope or any number of other female British writers . "  The middle class is so funny , it 's the class I know best , and it 's the class where you find the most pretension . " Still , Rowling clearly has an authorial eye for the preoccupations of her middle-brow audience . Britain can sometimes feel like a country in the midst of a permanent , low-intensity class war in which all targets are fair game and all are left feeling routinely persecuted . While the wealthy and privileged are derided as snobs and "  toffs , " members of the working class are grotesquely parodied and vilified as illiterate "  chavs " and the middle class is roundly mocked , often from within its own fragmented ranks , for its petit bourgeois obsessions with house prices , farmers ' markets and amateur dramatics . Julian Fellowes , the script writer behind lavish Emmy-nominated period saga "  Downton Abbey " complained last year that "  poshism " was the "  last acceptable form of prejudice " , while Benedict Cumberbatch , the well-heeled star of "  Sherlock " said last month he had contemplated relocating his career to the U.S. because "  posh-bashing " in the UK had gone too far . At the opposite extreme , Owen Jones , the author of "  Chavs : The Demonization of the Working Class , " argued that the widespread blaming of last year 's riots in London and other cities on a supposed feral underclass was "  classic demonization , reducing complex social problems to supposed individual failings and behavioral faults . " Class , swearing and sex fill J.K. Rowling 's first adult book If Rowling needed any further evidence of the enduring power of issues of class and status to raise British heckles , it came last week in the blundering form of Andrew Mitchell , a senior member of Prime Minister David Cameron 's cabinet , whose job as chief whip is still in the balance over whether or not , during an altercation with a policeman , he called the officer a "  pleb " and suggested that he ought to "  learn his f ****** place . " For critics of Cameron 's government , Mitchell 's alleged insult and the fact that , like the Eton-educated prime minister and many of his colleagues , he attended one of the UK 's elite fee-paying public schools appeared to offer further proof of a blue-blooded conspiracy to keep the proles firmly in their place . As Kevin Maguire wrote in the Mirror newspaper : "  In Mitchell 's angry flash of social superiority ... we glimpsed the naked prejudice of the posh boys sitting at the cabinet table . The mask slipped to reveal how voters , the great British public , are viewed as inferior creatures , drones expected to know their place and tug a forelock at Conservative rulers in their government castle . " Yet there are good reasons , aside from unvarnished prejudice , why class remains such a potent political issue . For those worst affected by the present government 's austerity program , portrayed by opponents as an ideologically motivated assault on the founding principles of Britain 's welfare state , the "  We 're all in it together " mantra coined by British Finance Minister George Osborne -- the heir to a baronetcy and a multimillion dollar wallpaper fortune -- understandably rings hollow . Class remains the single most important factor in shaping the life prospects of every single person born in Britain ; a fact most glaringly illustrated in terms of life expectancy itself , with men in the most deprived areas of the Scottish city of Glasgow typically dying at 71 , while those in London 's wealthy enclave of Kensington and Chelsea can expect to live beyond 85 . Time : We read ` The Casual Vacancy , ' here 's what we think At the heart of the British class structure still sits the English public school , the best known archetype of which is now probably Rowling 's own Hogwarts -- a place of arcane rituals and Latin lessons , bunk-bedded boarding houses and Gothic grandeur . Real-life public schools may not offer lessons in magic and wizardry , but they do equip the offspring of those willing to cough up annual fees of tens of thousands of dollars with access to a world of privileged connections and a fast track via a well-oiled "  old boys ' network " into lucrative and successful careers in the upper echelons of politics , government , the military , the judiciary , banking and business . About 7 % of English pupils attend fee-paying schools yet alumni of the top 100 public schools make up almost one third of annual admissions to Oxford and Cambridge -- universities whose own peculiar traditions owe more to their archaic ties to those institutions than to the rigors of a modern , egalitarian education system . Opinion : J.K. Rowling 's daring leap Former public schoolboys even punch above their weight on our screens , with two of Britain 's leading actors -- Damian Lewis , an Emmy winner this week for his starring role in "  Homeland " , and Dominic West , celebrated for his portrayal of a rough-edged Irish-American detective in "  The Wire " -- both also alumni of Eton . It remains to be seen whether Rowling has anything novel to add to the class debate , but one thing of which she is undoubtedly aware is that it is a subject that will shift copies from the shelves in droves . As "  Downton Abbey " and the entire careers of Hugh Grant and Richard Curtis have demonstrated there remains an insatiable appetite beyond British shores for the sort of cut-glass accents , excruciating social awkwardness and polite self-effacement that the country has turned into a thriving export industry . Rowling , famously canny businesswoman that she is , will surely already have negotiated movie rights to a story that will be lapped up as eagerly across the Atlantic . Social class , swearing and sex permeate Rowling 's first adult book The opinions in this piece are solely those of Simon Hooper .	J.K. Rowling 's new novel , "  The Casual Vacancy , " is author 's first book aimed at adults Plot examines social tensions and class divisions in English village Simon Hooper : Britain feels like country in midst of low-intensity class war Rowling is aware class is subject that will shift copies in droves , he adds
CNN  -- The FBI is turning to the public for any information about the apparent kidnapping in Mexico of a U.S. Marine reservist . Armando Torres , III was kidnapped , along with his father and uncle , by armed men in La Barranca , Tamaulipas , Mexico , on May 14 , the FBI said . Torres drove across the International Port of Entry Bridge at Progresso , Texas , to visit his father 's ranch in La Barranca , Tamaulipas , the FBI said . Shortly after he arrived at the ranch , armed gunmen entered the ranch and took Torres , as well as his father , Armando Torres II , and his uncle , Salvador Torres , by force , the FBI said . The father and uncle are Mexican citizens and the three have not been seen or heard from since . The state prosecutor 's office in Mexico 's Tamaulipas state told CNN that neighbors said the apparent kidnapping could be tied to a land dispute involving the Marine 's father . Torres , of Baytown , Texas , is a corporal in the Marine Individual Ready Reserve . The State Department is aware of reports that a U.S. citizen had been kidnapped in Mexico , an agency official not authorized to speak for full attribution told CNN . "  The U.S. Consulate General in Matamoros is working with Mexican authorities to obtain more information . Due to privacy considerations , we can not provide further information , " the official said . Mexican authorities have launched an investigation and the FBI has opened an international kidnapping investigation . It is requesting anyone with information to contact the FBI-Brownsville Resident Agency Office . CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Rene Hernandez contributed to this report .	Armando Torres III was visiting his father 's ranch last month Armed gunmen entered shortly after Torres arrived and took him , his father and his uncle Neighbors say it could be tied to a land dispute , according to prosecutors in Mexico
New census figures released Thursday for America 's white and black populations depicted a nation where most people are white , with increasing numbers of mixed-race inhabitants . While the number of white residents increased in the past decade , the total fell as a percentage of the overall U.S. population , according to figures from the 2010 census . Meanwhile , the number of black Americans increased , with those identifying themselves as being of mixed black and white descent more than doubling in the past 10 years , Census Bureau officials said . Most blacks continue to live in Southern states , though changing population dynamics appear in other parts of the country , particularly the Pacific Northwest and the Southwest , the census figures showed . Of the total U.S. population in 2010 of just under 309 million people , 231 million were white , or almost 75 % . A decade earlier , the white population was about 217 million , or 77 % of the almost 282 million total then . In addition , the white population grew at a slower rate -- 6 % -- over the past decade than the total population , which increased by almost 10 % , according to census officials . Much of the 14 million increase in the white population -- 74 % -- involved whites of Hispanic origin , as the census distinguished Hispanic ethnicity from race . For example , respondents could identify themselves as white Hispanics , black Hispanics or as Hispanics in any of the other racial categories . Meanwhile , the number of whites not identified as Hispanics also increased in total from 195 million in 2000 to about 197 million in 2010 but decreased as a percentage of the total population , from 69 % in the previous census to 64 % in last year 's survey . "  It 's not surprising that we 're seeing that the growth of the white population is due to Hispanics identifying as whites , " said Lindsay Hixson , a statistician for the bureau 's racial statistics branch in the population division . People identifying themselves as mixed-race whites increased by 2 million over the decade . Most of the increase was people who reported their race as both black and white , a group that rose to 1.8 million last year , compared with 785,000 in the 2000 census . The 130 % increase was the largest by percentage among any group or subgroup in the white or black populations , the census information showed . A total of 42 million identified themselves as black alone or in a combination with other races , comprising 14 % of the total U.S. population . According to the latest census , white Hispanic populations showed the greatest increase in the Pacific Northwest , parts of California , the Southwest , Texas , Florida and the Northeast . Black populations also increased in the Pacific Northwest , California , the Southwest , Florida and the Northeast but decreased in many Southern states . Despite those decreases , more than half of the black population still lived in the South , the 2010 survey showed .	The U.S. Census Bureau releases more figures from the 2010 survey Hispanic increase fuels growth in the white population Mixed-race populations increase
CNN  To beat the world 's best golfers you often have to be flawless -- and that 's what Inbee Park managed at the HSBC Women 's Champions tournament , playing 72 holes without dropping a shot . The South Korean triumphed by two strokes from teen prodigy Lydia Ko , who took Park 's world No. 1 ranking last month -- at 17 the youngest player of either gender to reach the summit . Ko , born in Korea but raised in New Zealand , had to settle for second place at Sentosa in Singapore on Sunday -- International Women 's Day -- after winning her previous two events . "  She played great all week , " Ko said of her 26-year-old rival , who will stay second when the new rankings are released next week . "  No bogeys around here and on a course where you can hit a good shot and you can get bad luck . That 's pretty phenomenal . " Park , who finished 15 under par , won not only $ 210,000 for winning the LPGA event but also $ 7,500 from a bet with her dad -- with the stakes at $ 500 for a birdie and $ 1,000 for a bogey . "  This week was just incredible , " said Park , who has held the No. 1 ranking for a total of 73 weeks in two periods and now has career prize money of nearly $ 10.3 million . "  I do n't think I can even believe myself that I did n't make any bogeys for 72 holes . " Park led the tournament from start to finish , and closed with two-under-par 70 -- a score matched by Ko -- as she claimed her 13th LPGA Tour title . She has now played 92 holes without dropping a shot , going back to the third round of last week 's Honda LPGA Thailand , where she tied for seventh . "  It 's good to have a family here and they are big energy , " said Park , who got married last October . "  This week just went so quick . I did n't have to think about golf when I 'm not on the course , so I think that was a big help . " Former world No. 1 Stacey Lewis finished third , two shots behind Ko , as the American finished with a par 72 . "  It was fun being in the final group . That 's where you want to be . But even par usually does n't cut it , " said Lewis , who won the tournament in 2013 .	Inbee Park wins LPGA Tour event in Singapore on Sunday South Korean denies No. 1 Lydia Ko her third successive victory Ko finishes second , with former No. 1 Stacey Lewis third Park has now played 92 holes without dropping a shot
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Atlanta courthouse shooter Brian Nichols was spared a death sentence Friday after the jury deliberating his fate announced that it could not agree on a sentence . Brian Nichols was spared a death sentence after the jury in his trial announced it was deadlocked . Jurors told Superior Court Judge James Bodiford on Friday night that they were deadlocked , with nine in favor of death and three in favor of life without parole . Under Georgia law , the jurors must reach a unanimous decision in order to impose a death sentence . In the absence of a unanimous jury verdict , the decision falls in the hands of Bodiford , who will decide Saturday between a life sentence with or without the possibility of parole . Nichols , 37 , was convicted last month of 54 counts for a deadly shooting rampage that began in the same courthouse where he is standing trial . Nichols shot three people at the downtown courthouse and a federal agent in Atlanta 's Buckhead district before being captured in neighboring Gwinnett County . Defense lawyers said Nichols , who confessed to the killings , suffers from a mental disorder . The jurors unanimously found the necessary aggravating circumstances in the four murders , but they were split over the death penalty . If at least seven of the 12 jurors vote for death or for life in prison without parole , the judge can impose a life sentence , with or without possibility of parole . Bodiford dismissed the jury Friday night after polling each panelist and told the court to return at 8:40 a.m. ET Saturday for his sentence . After nine weeks of testimony , the jury found Nichols guilty of 54 counts , which included the four murders plus numerous aggravated assaults , carjackings and kidnappings . The shootings began in the Fulton County Courthouse , where Nichols was set to stand trial for rape . He overpowered a sheriff 's deputy and took her gun before proceeding to the courtroom of Judge Rowland Barnes , killing him and court reporter Julie Ann Brandau . Sgt. Hoyt Teasley chased Nichols to outside the courthouse , where Nichols fatally shot him . Nichols killed U.S. Customs Agent David Wilhelm before he was captured about 26 hours later in a standoff with police in the apartment of a woman he took hostage in Gwinnett County . The case drew nationwide attention , in part because of the cost of Nichols ' representation : about $ 2 million at last accounting . Nichols had attempted to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence , but the Fulton County District Attorney 's Office would not take the death penalty off the table .	Jury split 9-3 in favor of death , but decision must be unanimous Judge will sentence him to life with or without parole Saturday Brian Nichols faced death penalty for killing four people in 2005 shooting rampage
New Delhi  CNN  Every year , India 's Republic Day parade showcases the country 's military might and the diversity of its states . This year it went a step further , turning into an occasion that emphasized the warmer relationship between the world 's two biggest democracies , India and the United States . U.S. President Barack Obama became the first American chief guest at the parade . Not only did he have to endure two hours of a cold Delhi morning drizzle -- albeit in a glass box -- he also may have noticed how much of India 's military hardware was of Russian -- and not American -- vintage . But most Indians will focus on the fact that Obama is the first sitting American president to visit India twice . They will remember the many images of Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi shaking hands and exchanging a warm embrace on the airport tarmac and at their first joint press conference in the world 's glare . The Indian media has dubbed it a "  bromance , " evidence of the chemistry that aides on both sides have been at pains to point out for months . It seems like an eternity since the former leader of the Indian state of Gujarat was persona non grata in the U.S. And so the biggest takeaway from Obama 's three days in India was the symbolism of the leaders of the world 's two biggest democracies cozying up . But others would have seen greater geopolitical implications . As Obama watched the Republic Day parade , Beijing welcomed Pakistan 's army chief General Raheel Sharif for talks . Unlike Obama 's previous India visit in 2010 , Pakistan was not a focus -- at least in public statements . Instead , India seems to be positioning itself for a more global role , playing a part in issues that go beyond its borders . There were some other tangible takeaways from the summit too -- though the exact details were a little fuzzy . Modi announced progress had been made on negotiations over a civil nuclear deal -- a new 10-year defense cooperation agreement between the two countries was announced -- which may have far-reaching consequences for both sides on sharing intelligence and military education , and there was much talk about boosting bilateral trade from its current level of around $ 100 billion a year to $ 500 billion by 2025 . As with most summits between world leaders , what goes on behind the scenes before and after is probably more important -- at least in terms of detail . But let 's give symbolism its moment and its due . For millions of Indians who watched the events of the last three days -- and given the intense media coverage in India it would have been impossible to miss -- they will now slowly reassess their sense of India 's place in the world . As Obama departs India , a push for reform Maybe that will help broaden India 's historically insular foreign policy thinking . Maybe it will make India a more prominent player in global issues , over time . And maybe , just maybe , India and the U.S. may move a little closer to forming the "  defining partnership " that Obama first promised in 2010 .	Obama 's three-day trip showed warm relations between the U.S. and India U.S. president is the first to visit India twice , a fact likely to be noted by the Indian public Could tour help change India 's insular thinking when it comes to foreign policy ?
CNN  -- Even hardened race fans , accustomed to witnessing spectacular crashes , were stunned to see the shattered body of 20-year-old race car driver Kevin Ward Jr. sprawled on a New York dirt track Saturday night . He had been run over and killed by a car driven by Tony Stewart , one of the most famous , charismatic and controversial drivers on the $ 3 billion-per-year NASCAR race circuit . Much of the public 's interest in Stewart undoubtedly derives , not only from his winning record but also from his tough guy , bad boy image reminiscent of the sport 's early rough-and-tumble days . That image will certainly be one of the things authorities in New York will be looking at when trying to decide whether to close this case as a tragic accident or to press forward with criminal charges . The preliminary signals from the Ontario County Sheriff 's Office would indicate a favorable outcome for Stewart . Sheriff Philip Povero has announced that the Ward tragedy is viewed as an "  on track crash , " and that to date there was no evidence of "  criminal intent . " The sheriff did hedge a bit by saying that the "  investigation was continuing . " The sheriff has undoubtedly been carefully reviewing the amateur video of the crash . It depicts Stewart 's car in close proximity to Ward 's car coming out of Turn 2 in the race . Ward 's car then appears to be pushed into the outside wall , forcing his car out of the race . Ward then appears to exit his vehicle angrily and charges on to the racetrack , pointing in the direction of Stewart 's and other drivers ' swiftly approaching cars . In graphic and stunning video footage , young Ward is hit , apparently by the right rear tire of Stewart 's vehicle , causing him to be dragged down the track to his death . We can expect that Povero will continue his investigation by interviewing witnesses and undoubtedly obtaining copies of other videos taken from different angles . He will likely consult with experts in racing . His key questions : 1 . Was Ward 's decision to stand in the track , so close to moving vehicles unusual ? 2 . Should Stewart , knowing he may have struck Ward 's car , have anticipated a problem when approaching the turn as a "  yellow flag " had been thrown warning drivers to proceed cautiously as an accident or debris ahead was likely ? Povero will be working in close conjunction with the Ontario County District Attorney , R. Michael Tantillo , a seven-term veteran of criminal investigations and trials . Tantillo supervises a staff of about 10 attorneys that serves a county with a population of about 107,000 residents . New York , on average , prosecutes 5 % of vehicular accident death cases as criminal matters . Most cases are viewed as tragic accidents caused by either driver or pedestrian negligence . Cases prosecuted criminally usually involve charges of drunken or drugged driving . So far no allegations of intoxicated driving have emerged in the Stewart/Ward investigation . In this case it will be impossible to know what was going through Stewart 's mind as he approached the Ward vehicle under the warning of a yellow flag . To prosecute this case as an intentional murder or even as a more serious form of manslaughter , there would have to be proof that Stewart "  intentionally " aimed his car at Ward seeking to kill or injure him seriously . Stewart 's intent here is impossible to prove regardless of his bad boy reputation unless he were to confess to an intentional murder . I think it 's safe to say that is not going to happen . Prosecutors will next examine whether Stewart operated his vehicle with "  depraved indifference , " "  recklessness " or "  criminal negligence " at the track that night . Evidence of such conduct would be necessary to support any nonintentional murder , manslaughter or criminally negligent homicide charge . The evidence supporting criminal charges is conspicuously absent given what we now know about the case . Ward recklessly choose to walk into an active and highly dangerous racetrack exposing himself to injury or death . An experienced professional driver such as Stewart had a right to expect that his fellow drivers would conduct themselves in a safe and professional manner during the race . Collisions are a common part of the race scene , and one would expect a driver in Ward 's vulnerable position to get off the track and out of harm 's way immediately . Stewart was , no doubt , shocked to see Ward in the roadway pointing in his direction as he approached the turn again . In fact , Stewart 's car appears to fishtail slightly , indicating an attempt to avoid contact with Ward . In determining whether Stewart 's conduct was reckless or criminally negligent , the conduct of the other drivers in the race will be examined . They appear to be proceeding at a similar speed as Stewart under the yellow flag warning . They too were probably surprised to see Ward positioned in such a dangerous place . The evidence supporting criminal charges is just not here . In the end , all signs point to a red flag for any criminal charges against Stewart in this tragic accident arising from America 's most popular summer sport .	NASCAR driver Tony Stewart 's car hit and killed driver Kevin Ward Jr. during race Paul Callan : Sheriff likely to look at Stewart 's bad boy image and amateur video of crash Callan : Still , sheriff says , no evidence of criminal intent on Stewart 's part Callan : Ward recklessly walked onto track ; Stewart had right to think that would not happen
When 33 Chilean miners were trapped underground in 2010 , the government sent GoPro cameras 2,300 feet down to film the group and their eventual rescue . Felix Baumgartner had a GoPro camera strapped to his chest when he skydived a record 24 miles on October 14 . Cinematographer Andy Casagrande mounted a GoPro onto the back of a great white shark and another in a fake seal to film inside a shark 's mouth . But the small , wearable video cameras are also being used to document less dramatic events , like babies being cute , cross-country road trips and the Internet 's favorite video subject , cats . The dizzying variety of places GoPro cameras have gone shows how the product has grown from a niche tool for surfers into to the rugged video camera of choice for recording physical , outdoor , dangerous or first-person footage . GoPro has found a unique place in the camera market by focusing intensely on its main product : a tiny wearable waterproof and shockproof HD camera that can be mounted almost anywhere . The newest version of the device is the HD Hero3 , announced this week , which is 30 % smaller than its predecessors . The new models record higher-quality HD video  up to 4Kp  , still images and audio , and cost between $ 200 and $ 400 . The company was started by surfer Nick Woodman in 2002 , taking off with its first HD camera offering in 2009 . Woodman has managed to break into a market dominated by big names with long histories such as Canon , Nikon , Sony , Fuji and Olympus . With the camera market split into two main categories -- high-end digital SLRs and camera phones -- GoPro is carving out a third category : high-definition action . Part of the company 's success stems from its unique approach to marketing . Like its founder , many of the company 's 300-plus employees embody the adventurous GoPro brand and live the lifestyle . They 're surfers and skydivers , DIY tinkerers and video geeks . The company has a tight relationship with its customers , constantly finding and featuring cool videos it finds on YouTube or Vimeo that were shot with a GoPro . The media team puts the cameras in the hands of big-name athletes such as Shaun White and Kelly Slater and takes part in large events like the Baumgartner jump and the X Games . Luckily for GoPro , its cameras are natural viral video stars and apparently look delicious to seagulls : A seagull in France grabbed a GoPro and dropped if off on top of a castle , and another in San Francisco took one for a ride over the bay at sunset . The two bird videos alone have racked up over 5 million views in total . A video shot on a GoPro of a mountain biker being taken out by a gazelle has more than 14 million views . Other companies shell out huge amounts of money for that level of exposure . Bradford Schmitt , GoPro 's creative director of media production , encapsulates the spirit of the company . He looks and acts the part of an adrenaline-loving California dude , rocking tattered T-shirts , sun-bleached blond hair and a scraggly beard . Schmitt met Woodman and his wife , Jill , in 2002 on a trip in the Mentawai Islands , off the coast of Sumatra in Indonesia . The group instantly connected and began traveling together . Schmitt and Woodman were fixated on finding the best way to record their surfing exploits without a professional photographer , eventually trying to attach a 35mm waterproof film camera to a wrist strap fashioned out of an old surfboard leash and rubber bands . Woodman and his wife brought a couple thousand bean-shell belts back to California from Indonesia and sold them out of their Volkswagen van for cash . All the while , Woodman was experimenting with the camera , sending the first prototype to Schmitt in 2004 to test while he traveled around the world . Working with existing camera companies to license their hardware for a wrist strap turned out to be difficult , so Woodman went to China and commissioned a cheap camera in a waterproof case . He established a proper company called Woodman Labs , hired employees , hit the trade shows and even went on QVC . In November 2009 , GoPro released its first HD camera . It 's since sold more than 3 million HD cameras . GoPro is n't a typical Silicon Valley technology company . It makes hardware , it 's been profitable from early on , and not including some original funding from friends and family , it has taken on only modest amounts of outside investment -- including an undisclosed sum from the Disney-affiliated Steamboat Ventures last year . What it does has in common with its software-making neighbors is the hacker spirit . GoPro employees and users are constantly tinkering with and modifying the camera , inventing mounts and unexpected uses . At the company 's San Mateo headquarters , engineers and designers regularly create inventive mounts , only a handful of which every actually make it to production . GoPro customer and fisherman Mark Peters created a custom torpedo-shaped housing for his camera and dragged it behind a boat , catching amazing underwater video of dolphins . The camera has broken out of the sports world thanks in large part to these creative customers who are constantly coming up with new "  Would n't it be cool if ... " scenarios . Scientists and companies have found that the camera also has practical uses , like collecting data . There were multiple cameras strapped to the 72-foot America 's Cup boat that capsized and was dragged out through the Golden Gate into the ocean on Tuesday night . The racing team had been using the cameras to collect data for training .  Unfortunately , the damage to the multimillion-dollar boat was extensive , and the cameras were lost at sea . A plasma-based rocket company has placed GoPros in a thermo-vacuum chamber for analysis when it fires test rockets . Meteorologists have sent the devices up on weather balloons , and oceanographers have sent them out to sea . The U.S. military uses GoPros and the optional night vision mounts . For the launch of its newest HD camera , the company is pushing harder to reach a more general audience , with television commercials , print ads and sponsorships . It organized an elaborate day of extreme activities in San Francisco for journalists , including rides in fighter jets , in race cars and on the back of America 's Cup racing boats . It sent people up hot air balloons , on the back of motorcycles and scuba diving with sharks at the Aquarium of the Bay . GoPro has some competition from companies like Sony and will probably see more similar products on shelves as bigger camera companies try to duplicate its success . For now , it is enjoying showing off its new hardware and the rad HD videos it captures , whether they 're of cats or fighter planes .	GoPro announced a new , smaller wearable camera that shoots up to 4Kp video Company is betting on mainstream customers , in addition to extreme sports users A unique company culture and passionate fan base are big factors in GoPro 's success
It was one small interview for astronaut Neil Armstrong ... and one giant scoop for an Australian accountant , of all people . In the year 's most out-of-this-world get , the first man to step foot on the moon sat down with CPA  Certified Practicing Account  Australia 's Alex Malley to narrate his historic lunar landing in an extremely rare interview . Armstrong was the commander of NASA 's three-man Apollo 11 mission that landed on the moon on July 20 , 1969 . Armstrong and fellow astronaut Buzz Aldrin spent about two hours on the surface before returning to the Eagle lunar module . The 81-year old American is famously reluctant to discuss the moon landing and has granted very few interviews in the last 40 years -- so why choose to open up to CPA Australia ? Malley thinks he knows the answer . "  I knew something a lot of people did n't know about Neil Armstrong -- his dad was an auditor , " said Malley in the first of the four part interview with Armstrong posted on the CPA website . In the 45-minute interview Commander Armstrong discussed his childhood in Ohio , walking on the moon , and what it 's like to sleep on a spaceship . Armstrong also recounts the moment he got the call to ask him if his crew were ready to land on the moon . "  The bosses asked , ` Do you think you and your guys are ready ? " Armstrong recalled . "  I said it 'd be nice to have another month , but we 're in a race here and we had to take the opportunity when we had it . I had to say we are ready , we are ready to go . " "  I thought we had a 90 % chance of getting back safely to Earth on that flight , but only a 50-50 chance of making a successful landing on the first attempt . " Armstrong also details the crew 's harrowing 12-minute descent to the moon , when he realized that the Eagle lunar module 's auto-pilot was preparing to land the crew on the slope of a huge moon crater . "  The computer showed us where it intended to land , and it was a very bad location , on the side of a large crater about 100-150m in diameter with very steep slopes covered with very large boulders -- not a good place to land at all , " he said . Armstrong took over the craft manually and managed to land it like a helicopter in a smoother area to the west with just 20 seconds of fuel left . "  Houston , Tranquility Base here . The Eagle has landed , " were Armstrong 's words to mission control on earth . As for "  That 's one small step for a man , one giant leap for mankind , " Armstrong says he did n't think of those immortal words until after they 'd landed safely . The first few moments when Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin stepped out of the Eagle and onto the surface of the moon were tender , he remembers . "  We recognized that we would n't have been there if it had n't been for our competitors in the Soviet Union -- it was a competition that made both of our programs able to do what we achieved . We put medallions for our fallen colleagues on both sides , and that was a tender moment . " Armstrong laughed off the conspiracy theorists who believe the 1969 moon landing was faked , telling CPA Australia 's Malley that "  800,000 staff at NASA could n't possibly keep a secret . " "  People love conspiracy theories , but it was never a concern to me -- because I know one day someone 's going to go fly back up there and pick up that camera I left , " he said . As for the future direction of space travel , Armstrong worries about cuts to NASA 's budget , and says the space program remains an important source of motivation for young Americans . NASA 's 2013 budget for the exploration of Mars was cut by 38 % , and the budget for planetary exploration overall was reduced by $ 300 million -- a major concern , according to Armstrong . "  NASA 's been one of the most successful public investments in motivating students to do well and achieve all they can achive , and it 's sad that we are turning the program in a direction where it will reduce the amount of motivation it provides to young people . " Opening space for business with historic SpaceX mission	Famously reclusive Neil Armstrong grants interview to Australian accountant Apollo 11 astronaut narrates historic 1969 landing and first steps on moon Armstrong landed Eagle module on moon with only 20 seconds of fuel left 81-year-old American worries about budget cuts to NASA
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Rebel fighters say they are in control of most of Libya 's capital , though the months-long war appeared far from over Saturday . As rebels worked to extend their reach , Moammar Gadhafi 's forces battled back from a number of loyalist strongholds in Libya . The fighting followed warnings by the United Nations and its diplomatic partners that widespread shortages of food , water , fuel and medical supplies could further destabilize the region . "  All agreed that the crisis in Libya has entered a new and decisive phase , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said , following conversations Friday with the heads of the African Union , the League of Arab States and others . "  All agreed , as well , on the importance of a smooth transition . " Ban said the transition from Gadhafi 's rule must be based on inclusiveness , reconciliation and national unity . "  All agreed that , if the Libyan authorities request , we should be prepared to help develop police capacity , bearing in mind that the country is awash with small arms , " Ban said . The rebel 's leadership , the National Transitional Council , has called on the U.N. Security Council to order the release of billions of dollars frozen by the United States and others at the onset of the war . Though the National Transitional Council has been recognized by 57 countries and the United Nations as the legitimate representative of the Libyan people , the African Union failed to follow suit during a meeting Friday . It also has opposed the release of Libyan funds to the rebel leadership , saying there was no one in charge of the country . The African Union 's Peace and Security Council issued a communiqué that urged the "  formation of an inclusive transitional government . " Gadhafi , who served as chairman of the organization in 2009 , has strong ties to some of its members , including Algeria and Chad . There has been speculation that should Gadhafi flee Libya , one of the two countries would accept him . Gadhafi has not been seen since rebels advanced on the Libyan capital last week , though he has taken to radio airwaves and urged loyalists to fight . The transitional council has placed a $ 1.4 million bounty on Gadhafi 's head to whoever brings him in or kills him . "  Right now , as I 've been saying the past few days , right now there is no evidence to indicate that Gadhafi has left Libya , " Josh Earnest , President Obama 's principal deputy press secretary , told reporters Friday . It is unclear who is directing Gadhafi 's forces , who have been battling back at a number of loyalist strongholds . In Gadhafi 's hometown of Sirte , NATO warplanes bombed a headquarters bunker , the UK Defence Ministry said . Tornado aircraft fired a salvo of precision-guided missiles into the city , which is east of the Libyan capital on the central coast , it said . Clashes also were reported along Libya 's western border , where rebels took control of the main border crossing between the two countries , according to Tunisian state-run media . In the heart of the capital , rebels began exploring a vast network of tunnels that run underneath Gadhafi 's Bab al-Aziziya compound -- the scene of heavy fighting in recent days . Inside the tunnels , rebels discovered a golf cart believed to be used to navigate the thick-walled hallways , which they believe lead from the compound to the fiercely contested airport , said CNN 's Sara Sidner , who joined the rebels to explore the underground network . A former U.S. airbase converted by Gadhafi into a military airport also was opened up by the rebels in Tripoli , revealing long lines of helicopters and dust-laden jets once worth millions of dollars apiece rusting on the tarmac . Rebels tore down a statue at the airport of a fist clenching a fighter jet , which was erected by Gadhafi after American fighters struck the leader 's Tripoli compound in retaliation for sponsoring terrorism strikes against U.S. citizens . Rebels fought to retain control of the Tripoli International Airport , which has been shelled repeatedly in recent days by loyalists entrenched in a village to the east . A 17-year-old rebel said he hates war but feels forced to fight until the war ends . At that point , "  I 'm going to see my mother . I 'm going to see my family , " said Louis al-Zinatni . "  I 'm going to remove this gun from my hands . It 's not for me . " The war 's toll was evident at one Tripoli hospital where dozens of bodies lay abandoned , said CNN 's Nic Robertson , who toured the hospital with rebels . One man was overwhelmed with joy to discover his son among the wounded inside the hospital . But his joy was tempered by the fact that the son 's wound -- a bullet to the chest -- could still prove fatal , Robertson said . The continued fighting came amid mounting evidence of revenge killings by rebels and loyalists . Amnesty International said Friday it had gathered accounts from survivors of abuse in Zawiya by pro-Gadhafi soldiers and rebel forces . Amnesty said it also uncovered evidence that pro-Gadhafi forces killed detainees at two military camps in Tripoli on Tuesday and Wednesday . Escaped detainees said loyalist forces had used grenades and gunfire on scores of prisoners at one camp , while guards at the other camp fatally shot five detainees . "  Loyalist forces in Libya must immediately stop such killings of captives , and both sides must commit to ensuring no harm comes to prisoners in their custody , " Amnesty International said . The International Criminal Court has issued an arrest warrant for Gadhafi alleging crimes against humanity . Meanwhile , the United Nations Education , Scientific and Cultural Organization warned antiquities dealers and others to be on the look out for Libyan artifacts that may be looted during the unrest . "  Experience shows that there is a serious danger of destruction during times of social upheaval , " Irina Bokova , UNESCO 's director-general , said . "  Careless dealers who buy these objects and fragments are in fact inciting more looting . It is , therefore , crucial that the international antiquities market be particularly wary of objects from Libya in the present circumstances . " CNN 's Nic Robertson , Dan Rivers , Sara Sidner , Arwa Damon , Raja Razek , Chelsea J. Carter and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	The United Nations warn that food and fuel shortages can further destabilize Libya Rebels and NATO battle loyalists in Tripoli and Gadhafi 's hometown , a defense official says The African Union fails to recognize the rebel leadership as legitimate representative UNESCO warns antiquities dealers against buying Libya treasures
Jamal Abu Rubieh , owner of the Brookline Lunch cafe , knew something was n't right when Brendan Mess and Erik Weissman sat quietly in a back corner booth that August night in 2011 . Gone was the usual boisterous banter typical of their regular visits . Abu Rubieh says things became even more tense when a bald , blue-eyed man twice their age arrived . The three talked for about an hour . "  He sounded different and he acted different , the guy with them , and they all were , like , nervous , " Abu Rubieh said . "  And that time ,  Mess  was really serious and he was n't himself . " The man , who Abu Rubieh had never seen before and has n't seen since , had a thick Boston accent . Three weeks later , on September 11 , Mess , 25 ; Weissman , 31 , and another friend , Raphael Teken , 37 , were found dead in their second-floor Waltham apartment . Their throats had been slashed ear-to-ear , marijuana was sprinkled across the corpses , and several thousand dollars in cash was found at the scene . A neighbor says Mess ' girlfriend discovered the bodies and came to his house . Her feet were bloody , and she was crying . She calmly asked for a cigarette and called police . Then-District Attorney Gerry Leone said days after the crime that the victims and two unknown perpetrators appeared to have known each other and that it was not a random crime . No suspects were named , no arrests were made . The case got no attention in the national media at the time . But nearly two years later , when Mess ' friend Tamerlan Tsarnaev was named as a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings , authorities began to take a closer look at the unsolved murders . Rolling Stone cover of bombing suspect called ` slap ' to Boston Murders assumed to be drug crimes The victims were fun-loving guys , by their friends ' accounts . Weissman had a business making high-end glass bongs and was planning to move to California once his drug charges in Massachusetts were resolved . His lawyer , Norman Zalkind , says his client was close to a plea deal when he was killed , but declined to say more , citing attorney-client privilege . Weissman , Teken and Mess were "  always together , " said Abu Rubieh , but he did n't know how the three came to know each other . Mess ' picture still hangs on the restaurant wall . A dish called the Brendan Benedict was named in his honor . Nearly two years later , many who knew the victims are puzzled by the fact that they were n't questioned by detectives investigating the killings . They 're also wondering why police did n't question Tamerlan Tsarnaev . Mess and Tsarnaev were high school friends and sparring partners at John Allan 's Wai Kru gym in the Boston neighborhood of Allston . But Allan said when he talked to Tsarnaev several days after Mess ' killing , his friend showed no signs of grief . "  He kind of laughed it off , saying , you know , that Brendan probably got what he deserved ... making bad choices , that those were the repercussions he had to face , " Allan said . Video shows Boston bombing suspects at gym days before attack Though only Weissman had faced a drug charge , Allan said the assumption was that the murders were connected to drugs . "  Around here , we call it ` NHI ' -- no humans involved , " Allan said . Meaning , he explained , that "  there were three drug dealers murdered over drugs and money , which seems apparent because that was what was left over the bodies . " But Bobby Black , a friend of Weissman and a writer for the pro-marijuana magazine High Times , said the theory of a drug robbery makes little sense when no drugs or money appear to have been taken from the apartment where the men were killed . "  Anyone who knew Erik would know that he was in no way some kind of dangerous drug dealer , " Black said . "  He was a college-age kid who loved weed . I think that the police writing it off early on possibly may be the reason they did n't investigate further , which could have prevented the Boston bombings . " Deadly connection ? The killings -- on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks -- occurred as Tsarnaev , who came from a family of Chechen refugees , was becoming an increasingly devout Muslim . Allan said Tsarnaev and another gym member , Ibragim Todashev , used to pray together in the gym . Allan said he was never questioned by police after the gruesome murders of the three friends . Neither was Abu Rubieh , who says he had a father/son relationship with Mess and who knew Tsarnaev as well . Four months after the murders , Tsarnaev left Boston and traveled to the Russian republic of Dagestan , where his parents lived . Sources have told CNN they believe Tsarnaev became radicalized on that trip , and some law enforcement sources have questioned whether the marathon bombings would have happened had Tsarnaev been questioned in the Waltham killings . Authorities accuse Tsarnaev , 26 , and his younger brother , Dzhokhar , 19 , of planting the bombs that exploded April 15 at the finish line of the Boston Marathon . Three people were killed there and more than 260 wounded . While Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed a few days later as he and his brother engaged in a firefight with police , Dzhokhar was captured . He was arraigned last week on charges of killing four people -- including an MIT police officer who was shot as the brothers fled -- and wounding hundreds more in the bombings and the pursuit . He pleaded not guilty . Boston Marathon Terror Attack : Fast Facts In the ensuing investigation of the marathon bombings , authorities also questioned Todashev , who had moved to Florida . While being questioned in his home May 22 by an FBI agent and Massachusetts state police officers , Todashev admitted he played a direct role in the Waltham killings and implicated Tamerlan Tsarnaev as well , a federal law enforcement source told CNN at the time . Todashev told investigators the men were killed during a drug ripoff because he and Tsarnaev were afraid they would be able to identify them and tell police what happened , according to a law enforcement source . A U.S. government official briefed on the investigation said that while being questioned , Todashev suddenly knocked over a table , brandished "  a long-handled object " and lunged at the FBI agent , who shot and killed him . The shooting remains under investigation . Group seeks probe into death of man who knew Boston bombings suspect Middlesex County District Attorney Marian Ryan said after Todashev 's death that the Waltham killings remain an "  open and active " case , and that police and prosecutors "  have conducted a thorough , far-reaching investigation . " "  This investigation has not concluded and is by no means closed , " Ryan said . Now some of those who knew Weissman , Teken and Mess are questioning whether Tsarnaev should have been under scrutiny long before the marathon attack . Looking back at the young man 's attitude following the Waltham murders , Allan wonders whether a big clue was missed . "  Retrospectively , maybe there was something behind that , " he said .	Three friends were found dead in a Waltham apartment in September , 2011 Tamerlan Tsarnaev knew one of the men well , friends say A friend of Tsarnaev 's , Ibragim Todashev , was killed during questioning by the FBI The Boston Marathon bombings left three dead , more than 260 wounded
CNN  -- Marcia Wallace , whose four-decade television career included playing the receptionist on "  The Bob Newhart Show " and Bart 's fourth-grade teacher on "  The Simpsons , " has died , her agent said Saturday . Wallace was 70 , according to imdb.com . Her cause of death was not immediately confirmed . Wallace starred for six seasons as Carol Kester on "  The Bob Newhart Show " in the 1970s and reprised the role in the 1990s on "  Murphy Brown . " But it was her Emmy-winning role as Edna Krabappel , Bart Simpson 's teacher with the snarky laugh , that may have earned her the most fame in recent years . It was a part she held since the show 's premiere in 1990 . "  I was tremendously saddened to learn this morning of the passing of the brilliant and gracious Marcia Wallace , " executive producer Al Jean of "  The Simpsons " said in a statement . "  She was beloved by all at ` The Simpsons ' and we intend to retire her irreplaceable character . " Jean said rumors that the show had already planned to retire Wallace 's character are not true , he added . "  Marcia 's passing is unrelated and again , a terrible loss for all who had the pleasure of knowing her , " Jean said . Wallace was a regular guest star on a host of popular TV shows in the 1970s and 1980s , from "  The Love Boat " and "  Fantasy Island " to "  Gim me a Break ! " , "  ALF , " "  Night Court , " "  Charles in Charge " and "  Magnum , P.I. " She was also a mainstay of TV game shows such "  The Hollywood Squares , " "  Password " and "  The  New  $ 25,000 Pyramid " and starred in numerous stage productions , including a touring production of "  The Vagina Monologues . " In recent years , Wallace also advocated for awareness of breast cancer , a disease she battled herself . Her 2004 book , "  Do n't Look Back , We 're Not Going That Way , " in part chronicled her fight . People we lost in 2013 CNN 's David Daniel and Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	Wallace played Bart 's 4th-grade teacher on ` The Simpsons ' She also played Bob 's receptionist on ` The Bob Newhart Show ' and again on ` Murphy Brown ' Wallace guest-starred on many TV shows in the 1970s and 1980s She was also a mainstay of game shows like ` The Hollywood Squares '
CNN  -- Patience is finally paying off for Dustin Johnson . One of the most naturally gifted golfers in the world , he feels he is now closer to fulfilling his promise after clinching the "  biggest win " of his career in circumstances that might previously have proved too testing . The big-hitting 29-year-old claimed the $ 1.2 million first prize at the HSBC Champions in Shanghai on Sunday , winning his first World Golf Championships title by three shots after a sizzling finish . Next , he hopes , is the holy grail of any player -- a win at one of the four majors . "  This is the biggest win of my career and hopefully there are better things to come . A major is always the next step , " the American told reporters . "  Am I suited best for one or the other ? I do n't think so . I think they all suit me very well . If I play like I did this week , I 'm going to win one for sure . "  I grew up right down the street from Augusta  venue for April 's Masters  , so that would be my favorite one . I just love playing that golf course . " Johnson has already gone close twice , having led by three shots going into the final round of the 2010 U.S. Open before blowing up and then missing out on a playoff at the following year 's PGA Championship after getting a two-shot penalty at the last hole . In China , where he was chased by defending champion Ian Poulter and Graeme McDowell -- the man who overhauled him to win at Pebble Beach three years ago -- he also had a three-shot lead . But it was gone inside two holes as he three-putted his first and Poulter began with two birdies . However , Johnson is mentally stronger these days and he tussled for the lead with Poulter before chipping in for an eagle at 16 that put him two clear of the Englishman , and then picking up another shot at 17 before parring the final hole -- which he had double-bogeyed on Saturday . "  It takes a while to learn , " Johnson said of his newfound maturity , having carded a second successive six-under-par 66 to clinch his second PGA Tour title this year and first of the new 2013-14 season . "  I wish I would have had some of that a few times a few years ago , but you learn from your mistakes and try to get better from them . "  I think I showed a lot of patience and a lot of discipline with clubs I picked and shot selection . " Poulter , who also closed with 66 after a 63 on Saturday , moved up to fourth in the European Tour 's Race to Dubai standings -- WGC events , like majors , count for points on both main circuits . "  I guess it was a good defense , " the 37-year-old said . "  Obviously I 'm a little disappointed not to put my hands back on the trophy , but 15 birdies and an eagle at the weekend is some pretty good golf . "  I 'm in great form . I really am playing well . The work I 've done leading up to this run of tournaments has really worked and I could n't be hitting it any better right now . " McDowell was third , another shot back on 20-under 268 , as he trimmed Henrik Stenson 's Race to Dubai lead ahead of next week 's third event in the final series in Turkey . The Swede , who won the PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup in September , finished tied for 31st at Sheshan International after a closing 65 . McDowell paid tribute to Johnson , who is a key member of the U.S. Ryder Cup team . "  Dustin was in a different league off the tee and gave us a little bit of a sniff -- and then promptly slammed the door , " the Northern Irishman said . "  He 's just a quality , talented , very athletic , classy player . Yeah , he makes mistakes . But when you 've got a game as good as him , you can get away with a few mistakes . He 's got a great wedge game to go with an outrageously good driving game . " Spain 's Sergio Garcia was fourth on 18 under after shooting the day 's equal-best round , a flawless nine-birdie 63 . U.S. Open champion Justin Rose was two shots back after a 68 , just ahead of former world No. 1 Rory McIlroy and Canada 's Graham DeLaet  both 69  . Bubba Watson and Martin Kaymer were tied for eighth with Jamie Donaldson , just ahead of Ernie Els , Keegan Bradley and Boo Weekley in 11th equal . American veteran Phil Mickelson was 14th after the British Open titleholder carded 65 .	Dustin Johnson wins the WGC-HSBC Champions tournament by three strokes Sunday American loses lead in first two holes of final round but plays last six in five under par Defending champion Ian Poulter finishes second ahead of Graeme McDowell McDowell closes gap on Race to Dubai standings leader Henrik Stenson
EW.com  -- Gordon Ramsay is expanding beyond cooking and setting his sights on a new makeover target : Hotels . Fox has ordered a new Ramsay series where the reality kingpin will partner with a team of hospitality experts , traveling across the country to try and fix every aspect of struggling hotels , motels and bed & breakfasts . The working title : "  Hotel Hell . " The series is both familiar territory for Ramsay and a real departure , combining the business makeover format of "  Kitchen Nightmares " with the internationally known chef moving beyond a cooking-centric show on Fox for the first time . Ramsay has hotel experience , having studied hotel management as a young man , and having worked and owned hotel-based restaurants throughout his career . ` DWTS ' : First dancer eliminated is ... With this series , and presuming his other franchises continue , Ramsay will have four shows on the air , more than any other broadcast network reality TV personality -- including "  Hell 's Kitchen , " "  Kitchen Nightmares " and "  MasterChef . " "  Gordon is amazing to work with and no matter what the premise , he delivers every time , " said Mike Darnell , president of alternative entertainment at Fox . "  With an unprecedented three shows already on the air , Gordon is an incredible television success , and we 're really thrilled to put him through ` Hotel Hell . ' " Emmys 2011 : Best/worst style Added Ramsay in a statement : "  These are stories that everyone can relate to , because virtually all of us have had a bad hotel experience that 's turned a holiday or business trip into a total disaster . It 's time to put the hospitality industry to the test . " Ramsay , Adeline Ramage Rooney , Patricia Llewellyn and Ben Adler are executive producers on the project , which does not yet have an air date . See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox has ordered a new series , "  Hotel Hell , " featuring Gordon Ramsay Ramsay will travel across the country to try and fix every aspect of struggling hotels He 'll have four shows on the air , more than any other broadcast network reality TV personality
CNN  -- Sailing the Atlantic on a perfect blue-sky day , HMS Bounty survivor Jessica Hewitt knew this would have been a beautiful moment to share with Claudene Christian . She looked down from the deck of the 125-foot Liberty Clipper to see dozens of playful dolphins swimming alongside the tall-masted sailing ship as it cut through the waves off North Carolina . As the 26-year-old held a glass bottle filled with pictures and handwritten notes , Hewitt 's eyes moved across the southeast horizon toward a painful spot she knew was about 25 miles away . She could n't help but picture what happened there aboard the HMS Bounty exactly a year ago Tuesday . The leaking , aging ship sailed into what would become the largest hurricane in generations . As the Category 1 storm churned about 100 miles off Cape Hatteras , Hurricane Sandy 's battering winds and towering waves flipped the 180-foot ship sideways , spilling Hewitt and her shipmates into the water . The body of Capt. Robin Walbridge , 63 , was never found . Christian , a 42-year-old rookie sailor , died after Coast Guard rescuers were unable to revive her . Their deaths and the sinking of perhaps the most famous tall ship in the world spurred an investigation that could still lead to new safety regulations and criminal charges . The story of the sinking : Life & death on the Bounty The bottle in Hewitt 's hand contained notes from fellow survivors , past Bounty crew and loved ones . Her note to Christian read , "  I 'm so sorry . And I miss you . " "  Even now , I ca n't really form any words other than those , " Hewitt said Friday from aboard the Liberty Clipper . Her voice trembling with emotion , Hewitt said Christian 's death "  was such a huge loss for a lot of people . She really , really trusted us . " ' A part of me sank with the boat ' Drawn by the romance of a freewheeling , seafaring lifestyle , Christian hoped to learn the ins and outs of a complicated three-masted square-rigger . When they met , Christian told Hewitt she 'd always wanted to send off a message in a bottle , to take part in that universal time-honored tradition of the ocean . "  We were going to do it sometime during the passage , " Hewitt remembered . Now , so close to the site and after all that happened , a message bottle seemed even more appropriate . She thought back to the wailing wind , pelting rain and fear that she and her shipmates experienced in the early morning darkness of October 29 , 2012 . The disaster set them on an emotional and psychological course that some of them still struggle to correct . In the minutes after the tipping ship tossed the crew into the water , Hewitt -- who was tethered to her boyfriend , Drew Salapatek -- felt herself being pulled underwater by her tether line , which had snagged on sinking debris from the ship . Hewitt realized she was about to drown . That thought triggered a frenzy to fight and free herself from the tether . She verged on passing out and even inhaled seawater . Wriggling out of the tether just in time , she finally broke the surface and sucked in precious gasps of air . Fourteen of Bounty 's 16-member crew survived the next grueling hours thanks to GPS locator beacons , life rafts and Coast Guard rescuers . The trauma left Hewitt feeling embarrassed , ashamed , angry and sad . Worst was the fear . Since the rescue , Hewitt has been afraid to sail on open water in the high seas . It was quite the opposite while growing up . With roots in California , Florida and Cape Cod , Hewitt had always loved the vastness of the ocean , training for a seafaring career at the prestigious Maine Maritime Academy . What happened aboard the Bounty , she said , has left her damaged : afraid to dive underwater near big ships , fearful of sleeping below deck , especially during rough seas . When the fear comes , her heart races . Reminders of the disaster still come too often . "  I felt like a part of me sank with the boat . A sort of innocence was just gone . " Overhearing comments about the Bounty crew being "  reckless " or that they 're "  loving the attention " made Hewitt mad . She said people often do n't understand the lingering emotional trauma brought on by disasters , like when she 's driving and suddenly the tears start welling up , forcing her to pull over . They "  do n't see the side like when I had to interrupt my job conducting boat tours to go cry in a Porta-Potty . " Dealing with all this has been hard , Hewitt said . "  I 've never been that sort of person before . " Despite her own struggles , Hewitt also wants to somehow transform the tragedy into a force to help others . ` Use your brain and your gut ' One morning in early October on the campus of the Massachusetts Maritime Academy , Hewitt walked into Admiral 's Hall . The lecture room was packed with about 150 students and faculty . "  I was so nervous , " Hewitt said . "  I had no idea what to say . " Nonetheless , she stood at a small podium and shared her story , offering guidance on how others might save their own lives after abandoning ship . She joked about funny things that go through some people 's minds during desperate times . For some reason , she thought it was important to bring her car keys with her before the ship sank , and another crew member chose to bring his teddy bear . She also talked about how her "  training clashed with what I was told " when the crew was instructed to put on their floating emergency immersion suits below deck instead of up top , where the storm raged . "  What I took from that was , in situations like that , there are no rules except what you think will work best , " she said . "  Sometimes , you just have to use your brain and your gut . " The bottom line , she said , quoting a former instructor , is that "  all you need is the will to survive . " For Hewitt , speaking to the students was "  a chance to say thank you and to maybe help someone else . Because other boats sink all the time , and you lose people at sea . " She has grown tired of some of the questions surrounding Walbridge 's decision to sail while Sandy churned . They ask , "  What were you doing out there ? What was the captain thinking ? " "  I tell them , ' I ca n't answer that for myself , and I ca n't answer that for you . ' " "  Nobody intentionally puts themselves and their crew at risk , " said academy President Rick Gurnon . "  But once you 've committed to a certain course of action , it 's often impossible to change your mind . He made a choice . It turned out to be the wrong choice . " The Coast Guard and the National Transportation Safety Board have spent the past year investigating the disaster for possible negligence and safety violations . The Coast Guard report is under review and could be released at any time . It could lead to regulation changes -- and perhaps even a recommendation that criminal charges be forwarded to prosecutors . A $ 90 million civil lawsuit filed by Christian 's parents against the Bounty 's owners is in settlement talks , a family attorney said . Read more about the lawsuit A return to the high seas This past summer , Hewitt chose to fight to win back the person she was before . She needed to confront the high seas . "  I really wanted to do an ocean passage and kind of conquer that fear , " she said . First , she "  baby-stepped it " aboard ships that did n't venture too far out to sea . Now , Hewitt works aboard the Liberty Clipper as it sails from Boston to Key West , Florida , and then to its winter port in the Bahamas , her first real high-seas journey since the sinking . The past year has cast doubt on her dream of commanding a teaching vessel that toured young sailors around the world . "  This was my passion , " she said . "  I 've lost that , at least for the time being . "  I can work on tugboats and other stuff , but it 's just not the same . " Her desire to give back may lead to a new career path as a maritime instructor . In various ways , other Bounty survivors , Hewitt says , are moving forward after the tragedy . She and fellow survivor Laura Groves seek out books by other adventurers who 've overcome disaster . "  It 's therapeutic to read other people 's struggles and not feel alone , " Hewitt said . Most of Bounty 's survivors have returned to the water , gaining spots on other ships , said survivor Josh Scornavacchi . He 's between vessels after volunteering aboard a few tall ships in the Philadelphia area . Despite nearly drowning when the Bounty sank , the 26-year-old says , he has n't suffered any debilitating trauma . "  I think about it a lot , " he said , "  I might get a little sad , not angry-sad but sad . It just makes me want to go out again . " Most of all , he misses sailing the high seas at night , the waves , a "  good squall " and his favorite , climbing up the ship 's rigging . Bounty life jackets found 400 miles from sinking site Aboard the Liberty Clipper -- not far from the site where the Bounty went down last year -- Hewitt held the corked bottle filled with messages to Capt. Robin Walbridge and Claudene Christian . The bottle , weighted with an iron shackle , is "  the only way the message would get to them , " she said . Symbolically , you might say the bottle also contained the crew 's countless painful struggles and disappointments during a difficult year . She let the bottle go . It tumbled into the water , beginning a secret journey to a final destination determined by currents and tides -- and life 's other infinite and random forces .	Survivor reveals yearlong struggle after tall ship Bounty sank in Hurricane Sandy Although her passion for sailing has dimmed , tragedy spurs her to help others She holds message-in-a-bottle ceremony near site of deadly sinking Settlement talks under way involving the deaths of Claudene Christian and ship 's captain
CNN  -- Nigeria 's main militant group issued a veiled threat Monday against an upcoming world football tournament that is tentatively scheduled to take place in the west African nation later this year . Militants from the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , pictured September 2008 in the Niger Delta . The Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta warned the international football association FIFA that it should "  rethink " allowing Nigeria to host the upcoming under-17 World Cup series later this year . "  The safety of international players and visitors can not be guaranteed due to the current unrest , " MEND said in an e-mail . Only two out of the nine stadiums in Nigeria are close to being ready for the tournament which is scheduled to take place between October 24 and November 15 , according to FIFA . The association has given the country a grace period to start constructing the remaining venues , FIFA Vice President Jack Warner said . In its e-mail , MEND claimed to have attacked a Chevron oil station in the Niger Delta region Monday as part of its latest offensive against the Nigerian government , dubbed "  Hurricane Piper Alpha . " "  Hurricane Piper Alpha hit the Abiteye flow station operated by Chevron today , Monday , June 15 , 2009 at about 0200 Hrs triggering another ` systems failure ' which resulted in a massive fire outbreak that is consuming the entire facility , " MEND said . It threatened further attacks in other states in the Niger Delta region , as well as offshore oil facilities . Chevron , which halted its onshore operations in the region last month , said it is investigating the reported attack on its Abiteye flow station . "  We are working to ensure the safety of our people , restore the integrity of our operations as soon as possible and are not speculating on any comment while investigations are being undertaken , " according to an e-mailed statement from Chevron spokesman Scott Walker . Last month , the militant group declared an "  all-out war " on the government after what it said was a deadly bombing raid on civilians . It is not the first declaration of war by MEND , which demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be reinvested in the region instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians . The militant group declared war against the government in September for what it said were unprovoked attacks . At that time , MEND destroyed several oil facilities , forcing Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as many as 1 million barrels of oil per day , or 40 percent . The recent violence -- which has included attacks on pipelines and hostage-taking -- has limited shipment of crude oil supplies out of Nigeria , Africa 's largest producer .	Nigeria , Africa 's largest oil producer , produces 2.4 million barrels of oil per day Recent attacks by MEND have limited shipment of crude oil supplies Tournament to take place between October 24 and November 15 , according to FIFA Only two out of the nine stadia for under-17s competition close to being ready
CNN  -- A police chief in a small Texas town was shot multiple times during a traffic stop Saturday afternoon and later died , authorities said . Michael Pimentel served in Elmendorf , a suburb southeast of San Antonio with about 1,500 residents . According to Rosanne Hughes , spokeswoman of the Bexar County Sheriff 's Office , Pimentel pulled over a vehicle in a residential area . There was a struggle and Pimentel was shot , Hughes said . The chief was flown by helicopter to University Hospital in San Antonio , where he died of his wounds , according to Hughes . The Bexar County Sheriff 's Office took 24-year-old Joshua Manuel Lopez into custody and he will face charges of capital murder of a police officer , said Hughes . According to Hughes , Lopez had an active misdemeanor warrant for graffiti at the time he was pulled over . At a press conference , Sheriff Susan L. Pamerleau expressed her department 's condolences and said "  even on a quiet , peaceful day in a small town , it can turn deadly in an instant . " Before he was Elmendorf 's top officer , Pimentel served as police chief of the San Antonio Independent School District , according to the Officer Down Memorial Page . A call placed to what is believed to be the Lopez family residence was not immediately returned . From CNN 's Joseph Netto	Police Chief Michael Pimentel had made a traffic stop He was shot multiple times , Bexar County officials says Pimentel dies at hospital Elmendorf , with 1,500 residents , is just south of San Antonio
The next time your teen turns on MTV 's "  16 and Pregnant , " avoid any disparaging remarks . The show may actually encourage him or her to practice safer sex , according to a new study . The study , released Monday by the National Bureau of Economic Research , says "  16 and Pregnant " ultimately led to a 5.7 % reduction in teen births in the 18 months after its premiere on TV . This would account for about one-third of the overall decline in teen births in the United States during that period , researchers Melissa Kearney and Phillip Levine concluded . In 2011 , a total of 329,797 babies were born in the United States to girls between the ages of 15 and 19 ; that 's a rate of 31.3 births per every 1,000 girls , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The CDC does not have rates available for 2012 ; Kearney and Levine say that number dropped to 29.4 per every 1,000 that year . The declining teen birth rate is a well-documented trend in the United States . Between 1991 and 2008 , the rate dropped steadily at an average of about 2.5 % a year . In the past four years , it has dropped even more dramatically at a rate of about 7.5 % per year . "  We were really curious as to what was going on , " said Kearney , who has been studying teen pregnancy interventions alongside Levine for more than a decade . When the researchers learned that Sarah Brown , CEO of the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy , thought MTV 's shows may have something to do with it , they thought : "  Could that really be true ? " U.S. women having fewer children "  16 and Pregnant " premiered in June 2009 and has been on for five seasons , with a total of 47 episodes through October 2013 . The show features one teen every episode and follows her through several months during and after pregnancy . The documentary-style show inspired several spinoffs , including the popular "  Teen Mom . " Both "  16 and Pregnant " and "  Teen Mom " have experienced their share of controversy . The shows are often criticized for glamorizing teen pregnancy . "  Instead of really helping viewers understand the day-to-day responsibilities of attending to a new infant -- scrubbing poop stains or spit-up out of clothing -- or dwelling on the ` mundane , ' MTV chooses to focus on the girls ' volatile relationships with the babies ' fathers or their new body piercings and tattoos , " Parents Television Council Director Melissa Henson wrote on CNN . "  That makes for better TV . " Kearney and Levine looked at Nielsen ratings as well as search data from Google Trends and Twitter to determine the show 's potential impact on teen birth rates . They recorded spikes in Google searches and Twitter mentions about the show when new episodes aired and looked specifically for searches on terms such as "  birth control " and "  abortion " alongside those spikes . Photos : When teens want to have children They then analyzed geographic data to see whether locations with higher search activity and tweets about "  16 and Pregnant " showed higher levels of searches and tweets about birth control and abortion . They did . The researchers also looked to see whether high viewership in certain areas corresponded with a bigger drop in teen births . It did . "  The results of our analysis indicate that exposure to '16 and Pregnant ' was high and that it had an influence on teens ' thinking regarding birth control and abortion , " the researchers write . That 's all well and scientific , but could a TV show really have that big of an impact on teen birth rates ? "  It 's an extraordinary study done by two very cautious economists , " said Bill Albert , chief program officer at the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy . "  I jokingly refer to them as Drs. No because they generally set out to say , ` That does n't work . ' For that reason alone , we take it very seriously . " Kearney said that while she and Levine did a lot of "  fancy economic work " to make sure their conclusion was right , the most compelling evidence came from the teens ' social media language . "  The text of the tweets are phenomenal : ` This reminds me to take my birth control . ' ` Watching 16 & Pregnant , going to take my birth control , ' " she remembered reading . Of course , no one , including the study authors , is saying that MTV alone is responsible for the declining teen birth rate . Pediatricians support condoms for teens About half of the recent dramatic decline can be attributed to the recession , Kearney says . Research shows that all birth rates fall during slow economic times , including teens ' ; those who were once ambivalent about using birth control often become more conscientious when they realize that finding -- or keeping -- a job to support a baby would be difficult . Kearney believes TV shows like "  16 and Pregnant " work to deter teens in a similar way . "  Shows that make it clear how hard it can be ... affect girls who might not care otherwise , " she said . "  You see she 's fighting with her boyfriend on a daily basis . She 's gaining weight . Her friends are partying without her . " Making the immediate cost clear seems to get through to teens more than statistics that show what happens to teen parents when they 're 25 , Kearney says . Teens may turn to TV shows about sex because they 're lacking other options , Albert says . A recent study published in the medical journal JAMA showed that doctors certainly are n't spending a lot of time talking about the important topic : The average conversation about sex between doctors and teens in the study lasted less than two minutes . Doctors do n't talk to adolescents about sex And parents , Albert says , are often shocked to learn that teens say their parents have a major influence on their decisions about sex . "  I think the takeaway here is that media can be , and often is , a force for good , " Albert said . "  We have always viewed these particular shows as sex education for the 21st century . "	MTV 's "  16 and Pregnant " may encourage teens to use birth control Teen births in the United States have been steadily declining since 1991 Part of the decline can be attributed to the recession , expert says
CNN  -- The text messages address various issues and come from all over the African continent . President Obama greets people Saturday during breakfast at Osu Castle in Accra , Ghana . From the personal : "  Obama , as a young lady I dream of being the president . U r a huge encouragement . " To cries for help : "  Dear president , Darfur firing again ... waiting for peace through the change u promised . " To calls for intervention : "  Encourage African leaders to improve the quality and access to education for citizens . " The messages , from Ghana , Sudan and South Africa respectively , were among more than 5,000 sent to Barack Obama during his first visit as president to sub-Saharan Africa . Obama , accompanied by his wife , Michelle , and their two daughters arrived in Ghana on Friday night , sparking excitement in the west African nation . Watch how Ghana is celebrating Obama 's visit " Despite being home to some of the world 's poorest nations , Africa has a vibrant cell phone market , considered by industry analysts as among the fastest-growing worldwide . Administration officials said they set up different numbers across the continent for citizens to communicate with Obama , whose father was from the east African nation of Kenya . "  Over the past week , we have been collecting questions , comments and words of welcome for President Obama via SMS , Twitter , Facebook and from newspapers across Africa , " the White House said on its Web site . Three journalists from South Africa , Senegal and Kenya will vet the questions and provide a few to Obama , who will address them on African radio stations and via a Web video Monday , the White House said . Peter Kimani , a senior associate editor for a Kenyan daily , The Standard , is one of the three . "  The U.S. Embassy picked and vetted the journalists , and we are getting the questions , then it is up to us to determine what questions we will forward to the president , " Kimani said . "  It is our judgment call on what to pick . " Most of the text messages were coming from South Africa , according to a log on the White House Web site . Obama 's one-nation visit has generated envy among Ghana 's neighbors , who considered it a message from the White House to governments that have poor records of stability . Citizens of Nigeria , Africa 's most populous nations , and Kenya were the most vocal in their concerns over the choice of Ghana . "  We r disappointed that you have not chosen Nigeria as your first African point of call , " one text said .	More than 5,000 messages sent to Obama during his visit to Ghana Despite widespread poverty , Africa has a vibrant cell phone market Three African journalists from South Africa , Senegal , Kenya will vet questions Obama will address the questions on African radio stations and via Web video
Beijing , China  CNN  -- China criticized a "  woeful " human rights record in the United States on Friday , a day after a U.S. report said Beijing 's own record is getting worse , with harsh crackdowns on dissidents . "  The United States ' tarnished human rights record has left it in no state -- whether on a moral , political or legal basis -- to act as the world 's ` human rights justice , ' " China said in an annual report on U.S. human rights . The report cited the arrests of protesters participating in the Occupy Wall Street movement in the United States . Many protesters , it said , accused police of brutality . It also said the United States has "  fairly strict restrictions " on the Internet , saying the U.S. Patriot Act and Homeland Security Act both have clauses about monitoring the Internet , giving the government or law enforcement organizations power to monitor and block any Internet content "  harmful to national security . " "  The facts contained in the report are a small yet illustrative fraction of the United States ' dismal record on its own human rights situation , " China 's report said . Thursday , the U.S. State Department criticized a number of countries , including China , in its annual report on human rights around the world . The human rights situation in China , it said , "  deteriorated , particularly the freedoms of expression , assembly , and association , " with Chinese forces reportedly committing "  arbitrary or unlawful killings . " The report said Chinese authorities have held activists in unknown circumstances and placed their family members under house arrest . Abuses "  peaked around high-profile events , " including visits of foreign officials , milestone anniversaries and calls for street gatherings inspired by the Arab Spring . The U.S. report comes after the arrival in the United States of one of China 's best-known activists , Chen Guangcheng , after he escaped house arrest and took refuge in the U.S. Embassy in Beijing , marking a dramatic diplomatic showdown between Washington and Beijing while U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was visiting China for talks . China regularly criticizes U.S. interference with what it calls domestic political issues . Although the U.S. report covered 2011 , before the high-profile saga over Chen , it detailed concerns about Chen 's treatment , including thugs ' "  severe " beatings of him and his wife . It said that Chen was denied medical care , while activists trying to visit his house in eastern Shandong province said they were "  assaulted , detained , forcibly removed or otherwise abused . " The State Department report also criticized the human rights records of Myanmar , Syria , Bahrain , North Korea , Vietnam , Sri Lanka , Iran , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	A Chinese report criticizes the human rights record of the United States It comes a day after a U.S. report criticized China 's human rights record China cited the arrest of Occupy Wall Street protesters and Internet restrictions
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A court in central India ruled Monday that seven top executives and the company they worked for are guilty for their role in the 1984 industrial disaster that killed thousands in Bhopal , India . The leaking of poisonous gas from Union Carbide India Limited -- the now-defunct local subsidiary of the American chemical company -- was one of the world 's worst industrial disasters . Plaintiffs had waited more than two decades for the verdict . The convicted former employees have been sentenced to the maximum punishment allowed in the case . The judge imposed a two-year prison term and a fine of about $ 2,000 each after convicting the men of negligence causing death , endangering public life and causing hurt . Indian industrialist Keshub Mahindra , then head of Union Carbide India Limited , six colleagues and their company were convicted of negligence , said prosecuting attorney C. Sahay . Another company manager charged in connection with the litigation died during the trial , he said . Last year , the trial court also issued a warrant of arrest for Warren Anderson , the former chairman of the U.S.-based Union Carbide Corp. . He has been declared an "  absconder " -- or a fugitive -- from the indictment , Sahay said . Originally , the defendants faced charges of culpable homicide . In 1996 , India 's supreme court downgraded the charges to death by negligence following an appeal . Nearly 4,000 people died in the immediate aftermath of the escape of methyl isocyanate , a chemical used to produce pesticides , from the company 's plant in Bhopal in December 1984 . More than 10,000 other deaths have been blamed on related illnesses , with adverse health effects reported in hundreds of thousands of survivors . Many of them struggle with ailments including shortness of breath , cancer , near-blindness , fatigue and heart problems . Union Carbide , now a subsidiary of Dow Chemical Co. , paid a $ 470 million settlement to India in 1989 . But the International Campaign for Justice in Bhopal said survivors have received an average of only $ 500 each in compensation . Union Carbide says neither the parent company nor its officials are subject to the jurisdiction of Indian courts . In 1994 , Union Carbide sold its stake in Union Carbide India Limited to McLeod Russell  India  Limited , which renamed the company Eveready Industries India Limited  Eveready Industries  . In 1998 , the state government of Madhya Pradesh took over the Bhopal site from Eveready Industries . Indian authorities blamed the tragedy on the maintenance and design of the site . The company , however , has denied the charges , insisting the leak was an act of sabotage by an employee who it said had tampered with the gas tank . Activists and survivors have long demanded that someone be held criminally responsible for the disaster , and have criticized Indian officials for their response . "  The government does not want to discourage foreign investors , " said Abdul Jabbar , convener of the Bhopal Gas-Affected Working Women 's Union , who said the Indian government has attempted to protect the multinational company . The toxic leak , he said , affected more than 575,000 people . Last year , on the 25th anniversary of the gas leak , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called the events in Bhopal in 1984 a "  tragedy of neglect . " "  The leakage resulted in over 5,000 people losing their lives and many others being incapacitated permanently . The enormity of that tragedy of neglect still gnaws at our collective conscience , " he said . He said the government has implemented measures to provide relief and medical rehabilitation and to improve to living conditions of affected families . "  I reaffirm our government 's commitment to resolving issues of safe drinking water , expeditious clean up of the site , continuation of medical research , and any other outstanding issues connected with the Bhopal gas tragedy , " he said . Sixteen years after the leak , Union Carbide became part of the Dow Chemical Corporation . Union Carbide claims the issue has been resolved and Dow has no responsibility for the leak . "  There were no liabilities for Dow to inherit through Union Carbide on the Bhopal gas release . Dow acquired the shares of Union Carbide in 2001 , more than a decade after Union Carbide settled its liabilities with the Indian government in 1989 by paying $ 470 million , " Union Carbide 's Bhopal website says . "  By requirement of the government of India , the Bhopal plant was detail designed , owned , operated and managed on a day-to-day basis by Union Carbide India Limited  UCIL  and its employees , " Tomm F. Sprick , director of the Union Carbide Information Center , said Monday . "  All the appropriate people from UCIL -- officers and those who actually ran the plant on a daily basis -- have appeared to face charges . "  Union Carbide and its officials were not part of this case since the charges were divided long ago into a separate case . Furthermore , Union Carbide and its officials are not subject to the jurisdiction of the Indian court since they did not have any involvement in the operation of the plant , which was owned and operated by UCIL . "	NEW : Union Carbide and its officials "  not subject to the jurisdiction of the Indian court " Top chemical company executives guilty of causing death by negligence Nearly 4,000 people died in the immediate aftermath of the 1984 gas leak Hundreds of thousands of survivors report adverse health effects Union Carbide paid settlement of $ 470 million to India in 1989
Murrieta , California  CNN  -- The busloads of detained immigrants never arrived . For that , six protesters and counterprotesters got themselves arrested , Murrieta police said . Almost all day Friday , two factions of demonstrators endured a hot July 4th holiday verbally sparring over an anticipated convoy of buses carrying detained immigrants who are a part of a surge in illegal border crossings . Instead , the migrants were rerouted for processing at the federal San Ysidro facility in San Diego , reported the Los Angeles Times , citing a law enforcement source . The migrants had been expected to be processed at Murrieta 's U.S. Border Patrol station , 75 miles north of the Mexican border , but federal officials declined Saturday to say where the buses took the migrants . Friday 's angry protests was the second public outrcy of the week in the small southern California town of Murrieta , becoming the nation 's newest flashpoint in its immigration crisis . The first protests occurred Tuesday after the city and Mayor Alan Long posted on the city 's website a notice stating that "  Murrieta Opposes Illegal Immigrant Arrival . " Long said in a website statement that Murrieta "  continues to object to the transfer of illegal immigrants to the local border patrol office , " and he blamed the nation 's immigration woes on "  a failure to enforce federal law at the federal level . " At Tuesday 's protest , a group of protesters overwhelmed law officers and successfully prevented three busloads of detained Central Americans from entering Murrieta . The migrants were instead sent to the San Ysidro site in San Diego , said an official with the National Border Patrol Council , the union for border agents . Tuesday marked the first day of a federal initiative to transfer 140 migrants every 72 hours for processing in Murrieta . Federal officials initially sought to send 500 detained immigrants every 72 hours for processing in Murrieta , but city officials opposed that , the mayor said . The migrants rejected by Murrieta protesters initially had been held in Texas , where U.S. facilities are overflowing , forcing detainees to be sent to other states for processing . A recent tide of Central Americans illegally entering the United States has overwhelmed a federal immigration system already buckling under the weight of the nation 's estimated 11 million undocumented migrants . Unlike undocumented Mexican migrants , who are often immediately deported , the United States detains and processes Central Americans , who are eventually released and given a month to report to immigration offices . Many never show up and join the undocumented population , according to the National Border Patrol Council . More protests as town expects new immigrant transfers 5 things Obama can and ca n't do on immigration Little-known law allows abused immigrant children to say in the U.S. CNN 's Chuck Conder and Kyung Lah reported from Murrieta . CNN 's Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	Federal buses carrying migrant do n't show up in a California town Six protesters and counterprotesters were arrested Friday 's demonstration focused on expected busing of detained migrants The buses were rerouted to San Diego , newspaper reports
Although you may think that bottled water is a safer option than tap , two new reports show that the store-bought stuff is actually less regulated than the water you get out of your faucet for free . What 's in your water ? You may be hard pressed to find out , reports the Environmental Working Group . The Food and Drug Administration has little authority to regulate bottled brands , according to a U.S. Congressional report released recently . While municipal water utilities are required to provide public reports of test results , bottled-water makers are not .  On the other hand , well water , which is found in many rural areas , is n't regulated as water provided by towns and cities is .  So although you may fork over a pretty penny for bottled water , that does n't mean it 's any better than what 's coming out of your faucet . In fact , it could be worse and you 'd never know it . The new research is backed by a second report from the Environmental Working Group . The nonprofit advocacy organization surveyed the labels and Web sites of nearly 200 popular bottled-water brands and found that less than 2 percent disclosed three important facts that can affect safety : the water 's source , purification methods , and chemical pollutants in each bottle .  See the full report on bottled water at EWG 's Web site . "  We 're really pushing for a consumer 's right to know what 's in their water , " says Nneka Leiba , an environmental health researcher at the EWG . "  This is n't a doomsday scenario . It is n't that the claims are false ; it 's just that they are misleading . " Reaching for the most popular bottled brands is n't necessarily a solution . In fact , the EWG report found that some of the best-known brands -- for example Whole Foods and San Pellegrino -- are the least likely to report where the water comes from and what it contains . Health.com : Plastic recycling gets easier "  This probably has to do with the fact that they 're imported , so the regulations are different , " says Leiba . "  Some of the brands you think would n't be as transparent , like Walgreens or Sam 's Club , scored higher than many of the popular brands . " So what 's a safety-conscious shopper to do ? In recent years , some reports have suggested that tap water could be contaminated by trace amounts of pharmaceuticals or other substances . Health.com : Why caffeine and sugar are poor substitutes for sleep Leiba says that activated carbon water filters -- like Brita pitchers or faucet attachments -- are a safe and affordable option for filtering tap water . If families can afford it , she recommends a reverse osmosis filter , which will eliminate all impurities . These reports come as food safety concerns seem to be at an all-time high . Lately , recalls of spinach , sprouts , peanut butter , and , most recently , cookie dough have made many consumers start to question the safety of the items they find on grocery-store shelves . Unlike tap water suppliers , bottled water companies do n't have to have their water tested by a certified laboratory , and they are n't required to notify customers within 24 hours if they find elevated levels of contaminants . The FDA does require bottled water companies to test for contaminants and other problems , says Joshua Sharfstein , M.D. , the agency 's principal deputy commissioner . Health.com : Could your rug make you sick ? If the companies fail , however , the public does n't get to see the actual test results . "  There 's clearly a difference in disclosure between municipal water and bottled water , but the FDA 's laws focus on safety of food more than on disclosure of information , " says Sharfstein . "  It 's not a question of whether the FDA can do more ; it 's whether the government can do more through the food safety bill . " Only changes in the current regulations would make it mandatory for manufacturers to make those kinds of records public , he says . Those regulations may change with the Food Safety Enhancement Act . Health.com : Drink this tea to lose that belly The proposed Food Safety Enhancement Act covers many aspects of food safety , including better preventive control measures by food manufacturers , more frequent inspections of facilities , and greater FDA authority over food recalls . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Congressional Report : FDA has little authority to regulate bottled water brands Conversely , municipal water utilities are required to make test results public Watchdog group 's survey : Less than 2 percent of bottlers disclose important info
It might be time to slide over that Facebook app on the homescreen of your smartphone -- to make room for another Facebook app . Paper , a news-consumption app akin to existing options like Flipboard , Feedly and Zite , will be released for the iPhone in the United States on February 3 , with other versions presumably to follow . The idea is to present longer-form Facebook content in a more attractive , magazine-style way that will encourage users to linger over posts , stories and images . "  Paper makes storytelling more beautiful with an immersive design and fullscreen , distraction-free layouts , " the company said in a post on the site . "  We 've also made it easier to craft and share beautiful stories of your own . " The first section of the new app will be your Facebook News Feed . It wo n't have all the functions of the native Facebook app , but it will present your friends ' posts , along with stories from other news categories , in a slicker , prettier package . According to Facebook , the News Feed section will feature a new design for photos and video and the ability to read longer written posts . Users can then customize the app by adding more than a dozen other topics , "  from photography and sports to food , science and design . " Facebook promises "  a rich mix of content from emerging voices and well-known publications . " There will be no buttons to push . Instead , users will be able to flip through stories and other posts by tilting the phone in various ways and swiping with their fingers . When posting your own stories , Paper will let you look at a preview before sharing . Paper will be the first release from Facebook Creative Labs , which is devoted exclusively to developing new mobile apps for the site . In the early days of its 2012 public stock offering , Facebook was knocked by some for not having fully realized how to make money off of the rapidly growing mobile market . But that appears to have turned around in a big way , and Paper could give the company another mobile platform on which to advertise . On Wednesday , Facebook reported that 945 million of its 1.2 billion users visited the site via a smartphone or tablet in the last few months and that mobile represented 53 % of the site 's advertising revenue -- up from 23 % last year and zero in 2011 .	Facebook rolling out new app , Paper , on February 3 App combines News Feed with story-sharing sections It will initially only be offered for the iPhone in the U.S. The app displays content in a digital-magazine format
MANILA , Philippines  CNN  -- Dramatically played out on live television , an opposition politician and rebel military officers surrendered to government forces after taking over a luxury hotel in Manila . "  We 're going out for the sake of the safety of everybody , " Philippines Sen. Antonio Trillanes said . The senator made the decision to give up after the military peppered the inside of the hotel with tear gas . Live pictures from inside the hotel showed reporters and rebel soldiers covering their faces . An armored personnel vehicle was also seen firing into the lobby of Manila 's Peninsula hotel and later rammed through the front entrance of the building . "  The situation is contained within the Peninsula hotel , Philippine Defense Secretary Gilberto Teodoro told CNN . "  The perpetrators are in the process of being arrested . " Those who held the hotel were shown being loaded into a Philippine National Police bus . Teodoro said no one was injured , but Associated Press reported that at least two people were injured . The standoff began hours earlier when a group led by Trillanes and Army Brig. Gen. Danilo Lim bolted from a court hearing on charges linked to a failed 2003 coup attempt . Watch footage of troops storming the hotel in Manila " "  What happened , to me , was clearly either an attempted rebellion or an attempted coup d'etat , " Teodoro said . Philippines military and police personnel had been surrounding the hotel , where the group was asking for President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo to step down . After Trillanes ' announcement , soldiers milled around the outside of the hotel , but the scene had calmed noticeably . Arroyo had issued orders to the military and police in response to the seizure of the hotel , located in Manila 's Makati financial district , journalist Adrian Addison told CNN . Few supporters of the rebels were visible around the Peninsula hotel , Addison said . Philippine authorities gave the rebel group until 2:30 p.m.  0630 GMT  to allow guests to leave the hotel , and until 3:00 p.m.  0700 GMT  to surrender , the ABS-CBN news service reported . Businessman Peter Parcel was caught in the middle of the hotel 's takeover and subsequent tear-gassing . Listen to the eyewitness in the hotel describe what happened " "  I could n't see and could n't breathe , " he said , noting he faced "  at least 100 guns " as he exited the hotel . E-mail to a friend	Renegade officers and politician surrender and leave Manila hotel Shots and tear gas fired into the hotel by government troops Rebels entered hotel after walking out of court hearing where they were on trial The group was asking for President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo to step down
Atlanta  CNN  -- Daniel Guadalupe stared at the passport application in front of him , dumbfounded . His problem was not the questions asked , but the language they were written in . "  I do n't speak Spanish very well , " he said as he struggled to fill out the Mexican government form . "  I 'll have to call my mom . " The 18-year-old is one of more than a million people that U.S. officials estimate could benefit from the Obama administration 's deferred deportation program aimed at illegal immigrants younger than 30 who came to the United States before the age of 16 . Details about how immigrants can apply for the program , which administration officials announced last month , have not been released . But already young people are flooding Mexican consular offices around the United States , trying to get the citizenship documents they 'll need from their home country in order to ask for a reprieve from U.S. immigration officials . For immigrants , recent policy changes are personal This week , Guadalupe waited in a long line at the Mexican consulate in Atlanta before a clerk took his fingerprints , reviewed his documents and helped him fill out the passport form in a language he sometimes struggles to understand . The high school senior was born in Mexico but brought illegally to the United States when he was 8 years old . Most of the people he hangs out with speak English , the teen said , and he only speaks Spanish with his parents . Getting a passport from a country he barely remembers is the first step to get into college , Guadalupe said . He hopes to study music somewhere in Georgia , the state where he 's lived since arriving in the United States . "  I feel like I need this opportunity to become a U.S. citizen , " he said . But first , he must prove he is a Mexican . The process is not always simple for young immigrants in the United States who do n't have birth certificates or passports handy , said Abigail Calleja , consul for protection at the Mexican consulate in Atlanta . Some of the hundreds of children who have lined up at the consulate over the past few weeks have no idea where their father is , Calleja said . That 's a problem because Mexican law requires kids under 18 to have the signature and fingerprints from both parents . "  But let me assure you that nobody will lose  his or her  chance to apply for the program because of a passport . We will do what we need to help these kids , " she said . Mexican officials at consulates nationwide are preparing to help those who would qualify for the new U.S. program . "  We are asking them to stay alert to our websites and other places where official information is issued , " she said . All 50 consular offices in the United States have organized information sessions on the issue , and consular officials are also carefully reviewing documents to avoid fraudulent applications , she said . The Obama administration 's shift last month on the politically volatile issue of immigration policy prompted immediate praise from Latino leaders who have criticized Congress and the White House for inaction , while Republicans reacted with outrage , saying the move amounts to amnesty and usurps congressional authority . Under the new policy , people younger than 30 who came to the United States before the age of 16 , who pose no criminal or security threat and were successful students or served in the military can get a two-year deferral from deportation , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said last month . It also will allow those meeting the requirements to apply for work permits , Napolitano said , adding that participants must be in the United States now and be able to prove they have been living in the country continuously for at least five years . In Mexico , Central American immigrants under fire Up to 1.2 million illegal immigrants could benefit from the program , according to U.S. government estimates . More than 58 % of the estimated 11.2 million illegal immigrants in the United States are Mexican , the Pew Hispanic Center said last year . Calleja said she did not know how many Mexican citizens would require consular services associated with the new U.S. program . But those who qualify can come to the consulate without an appointment , receive assistance and have their request prioritized , she said . This week , Karina Vasquez and her brother came to the Atlanta consulate to start processing their paperwork so they can apply for the U.S. deferral program . "  It will allow me to go to college , to get a job and feel safe here , " the 18-year-old said as she waited in line to get her picture taken . Her mother , Rocio Medina , said she brought her children to the United States 10 years ago to give them a better chance to succeed in life and to reunite their family . "  Their father was already here , and we did n't want to be apart , " she said . Now , Medina said she hopes the U.S. program will not only help her children , but also help lead to a change in her immigration status in the future . When one passport is n't enough CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	U.S. officials have announced a deferred deportation program for young illegal immigrants Details about how immigrants can apply have not been released Youths are flooding consular offices , applying for Mexican passports "  I feel like I need this opportunity to become a U.S. citizen , " one teen says
CNN  -- The body of Edelmiro Cavazos Leal , the mayor of the city of Santiago in Nuevo Leon state , was found Wednesday , two days after he was abducted , Mexico 's interior ministry announced . His handcuffed and blindfolded body was found on the outskirts of Santiago along a road leading to a tourist attraction , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . There were signs of torture , Notimex said . Interior Minister Jose Francisco Blake Mora said he will travel to Nuevo Leon to confer with local officials . Nuevo Leon , which borders Texas , has been the frequent site of drug cartel violence , especially around the state capital of Monterrey . Santiago is on the outskirts of Monterrey . Cavazos was kidnapped by gunmen early Monday , Nuevo Leon state officials said at a news conference later that day . Mexican President Felipe Calderon lamented the killing Wednesday . "  Edelmiro 's death makes us indignant and obligates us to redouble our fight against these cowardly criminals who kill our citizens , " Calderon posted on the online service Twitter . More than 28,000 people have been killed in Mexican drug violence since Calderon initiated a crackdown against the cartels shortly after coming into office in December 2006 .	NEW : His bound and blindfolded body was found with signs of torture , Notimex says Edelmiro Cavazos Leal was kidnapped early Monday , officials say Nuevo Leon state has been the site of much drug cartel violence Mexican President Felipe Calderon lamented the mayor 's slaying
CNN  -- It has been eight years since people in my state of Virginia got a chance to debate the meaning of the Civil War in front of the nation , and the comments posted on CNN and other news Web sites suggest our passion over the topic has not dimmed . If Governor Bob McDonnell wants his fellow Virginians to think deeply about "  how our history has led to our present , " then his declaration of April as Confederate History Month has accomplished this goal , if not exactly in the manner he intended . The problem with the celebration of Confederate History Month , however , goes far beyond McDonnell 's "  mistake " in not discussing the centrality of slavery in the Civil War in his original proclamation . Confederate "  history " means more than the four years during which Virginia and other states fought a war to form a separate country called the Confederate States of America . It refers to the many uses of Confederate symbols and evocations of Confederate history in the almost century-and-a-half since Appomattox as well . This long history offers nothing to memorialize . Former Confederate soldiers quickly formed the Ku Klux Klan after the war to attack Reconstruction officials and the black and white Republicans who were trying to run the state , and they sometimes displayed Confederate symbols as part of their work . After congressional hearings shut down the Klan , copycat organizations continued to make use of Confederate symbols as they engaged in acts of political terrorism . Former Confederates openly supported and participated in what many white Southerners called the "  redemption " of the region , the reassertion of their control over state and local governments as Reconstruction ended . In the 1870s and 1880s , the decoration of Confederate graves with flowers and flags and celebratory speeches and parades increasingly signaled a commitment to what came to be called the "  Lost Cause , " a decidedly partisan and self-consciously politicized account of the Civil War . Though many supporters of secession believed during the Civil War that they were fighting against other Americans over the issue of slavery , amateur and professional historians , many with ties to the Confederacy worked to rewrite this history as a noble fight for states rights and a celebration of the sacrifice of Confederate soldiers . What members of the Sons of the Confederacy offer today as the "  true " history of the region has its roots in this effort . By the end of the 19th century , organizations like the Confederate Veterans and the Daughters of the Confederacy organized public acts of commemoration and the celebration of the "  honor " of former Confederates . Members of these organizations actively used their version of history to support the disfranchisement of African-Americans and the expansion of a white supremacist social order grounded in segregation . Across the region , Jim Crow segregation and Confederate commemoration expanded hand in hand , as the Lost Cause version of the Southern past justified the contemporary elimination of black rights . iReporter : Gov. McDonnell "  wrong and right " on the issue When more subtle displays of Confederate symbols and history were not enough , white Southerners violently attacked and murdered African-Americans , sometimes publicly before large crowds . Lynchers sometimes brandished Confederate symbols . In the early 20th century , monuments to Confederate soldiers appeared on courthouse lawns across the South and on the grounds of southern state capitols , marking these public spaces as the property of the white people who celebrated this "  Confederate " version of the past . By the 1920s , a revived Klan made the Confederate battle flag their second-most important symbol , after the fiery cross , as they once again used violence and threats of violence to uphold white supremacy . With the NAACP 's victory in Brown v. Board of Education and the success of the Montgomery bus boycott , some white Southerners revived the use of Confederate versions of the past and Confederate symbols in their fight against the civil rights movement and integration . Crowds who attacked civil rights activists sometimes carried Confederate flags as civil rights supporters carried American flags and sang "  The Star-Spangled Banner " to counter these Confederate symbols . Called the "  country club Klan " because of its public condemnation of violence , the White Citizens Council also used Confederate versions of the past in its opposition to African-American equality . Today , Confederate history is as much about 1965 and the Voting Rights Act as it is about 1865 and Lee 's surrender . The long history of the ways Confederate symbols have been used and Confederate history has been evoked to support racist violence and African - American oppression haunts Gov. McDonnell 's declaration of Confederate History Month . Confederate history can not be separated from the issue at the center of the Civil War , slavery . But it also can not be separated from the history of segregation , massive resistance , and the fight against the civil rights movement . Historically , Confederate versions of the past and Confederate symbols have meant opposition to equal rights for all Americans . In officially recognizing Confederate History Month , Gov. McDonnell is asking Virginians to join together in celebration of this history of white supremacy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Grace Elizabeth Hale .	Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell designated April as Confederate History Month Grace Hale says Confederate symbols have denoted opposition to equal rights She says many soldiers thought Civil War was fought over slavery Some tried to rewrite history to make the war solely about states ' rights , Hale says
CNN  -- Three of the college students killed in a house fire Sunday at a North Carolina beach house graduated from the same Greenville , South Carolina , high school , according to local reports . One friend described Emily Yelton as "  the definition of life . " Emily Yelton , Travis Cale and Justin Anderson attended J.L. Mann High School in Greenville , The State newspaper in Columbia , South Carolina , reported . Also killed in the Sunday morning fire in Ocean Isle Beach , North Carolina , were Lauren Mahon , of Simpsonville , South Carolina ; Cassidy Pendley , 18 , of Charleston , South Carolina ; William Rhea , 18 , of Florence , South Carolina ; and Allison Walden , 19 , of Chagrin Falls , Ohio , according to reports in The State . Six others managed to escape . Watch student tell of escape " Yelton and Cale , 20 , were boyfriend and girlfriend , the paper said , though he attended the University of South Carolina and she went to Clemson University and was the only victim who did not attend South Carolina . Watch how Clemson campus mourns " Speaking outside the burned house Sunday , Brayden Wynn told The State about Cale , his best friend . "  All the girls loved his curls , " the paper quoted him as saying . "  We would go on the beach and use all our pickup lines on the ladies . " Cale was a baseball player and Yelton a high school cheerleader , friends told The State . Yelton 's high school friend Shannon McDaniel described Yelton as "  the definition of life , " the paper reported . "  She was nice to everyone and always happy . " McDaniel told The State that Yelton had brought her into a circle of friends that included Cale and Anderson when she moved to Greenville in 2004 . Anderson 's brother , Stephen Anderson , told the Wilmington Star-News that Justin had gone to the beach house to do what loved , hang out with friends and watch college football . South Carolina had played the Univesity of Tennessee on TV Saturday night . "  I 'm sure they were  watching the game  , " the Star-News quoted Stephen Anderson as saying . The owner of the beach house said Monday that his family 's "  lives were just changed forever " by the tragedy . Chip Auman said his 18-year-old daughter survived the fire but was hospitalized and in stable condition because of complications from smoke inhalation . "  The thought of losing a child is unimaginable to me , and as a father my heart goes out to the families that lost a loved one in this situation , " he said . Auman said the situation was "  hard to fathom . " "  There 's just no words to describe what we 've been going through , " he said , asking for prayers for survivors and the families of those who died . "  We 're numb , we 're confused , we 're heartbroken . " Six other South Carolina students were able to get out of the house in time . The six were treated and released from nearby Brunswick Community Hospital , but Auman 's daughter was hospitalized again in Hartsville , South Carolina . Authorities from the state Bureau of Investigation and the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives are leading the investigation into the cause of the fire . Ocean Isle Beach Mayor Debbie Smith said the house was "  engulfed " in flames when the fire department arrived on the scene , about five minutes after being notified . The flames shot into the sky and ultimately left little more than portions of the framing . See the scenes of devastation " Fire officials do not believe foul play was involved . The six South Carolina students were affiliated with the Delta Delta Delta sorority and Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity , said Dennis A. Pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the school , although he stressed that the weekend was not an official Greek function . Jay Laura , student president of the USC chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon , said the campus would pull together after the tragedy . "  If any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is South Carolina , " Laura said at a Monday afternoon press conference . Terry Walden , father of Allison , told The Plain Dealer in Cleveland that the sorority kinship kept his daughter at South Carolina after she considered a transfer to the University of Kentucky to be with her boyfriend . She had moved into the sorority house for her sophomore year , he told the paper . Mahon had recently become a Delta Delta Delta pledge , her high school friend , Amanda Palacio , told The State . "  She was one of those people who could meet people easily , " The State quoted Palacio as saying . "  She met a lot of girls she grew to love . It 's sad she 'll never get an opportunity to get to know them better . " Pendley followed her older sister in pledging Tri-Delt , The State reported . "  She always laughed . There was never a down time with her , " friend Rodney Otadoy told The State of Pendley , who was a cheerleader , soccer player and homecoming queen . Watch how boyfriend says Pendley made him better " Andrew Rhea , 19 , escaped from the burning house but lost his brother William in the flames . "  Sometimes they got in arguments , but they were each other 's best friends , " their cousin Trey Floyd told The State . Fire survivor Tripp Wylie , a 20-year-old South Carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends . "  I could see a buddy of mine off to the left who had gotten out . He was just yelling at me to jump and stuff , " Wylie told CNN affiliate WYFF . "  The smoke was pouring out , could n't really breathe , so I had to make a quick decision . -LSB- I -RSB- just kind of leaned out the window and luckily I jumped far enough to make it into the canal . "  Ocean Isle Beach is a popular resort destination along North Carolina 's southern coast . The year-round population of the 7-mile-long island is about 425 , but it swells to about 25,000 during the summer season , according to the town 's Web site . E-mail to a friend	Three fire victims were graduates of J.L. Mann High School in Greenville "  Heartbroken " house owner 's daughter among six survivors hospitalized One survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape
Rising wages in China may be squeezing the profits of many manufacturers -- but they are also feeding a boom in the robotics industry . Wages in China 's cities rose 12.4 % last year , while in rural areas they were boosted by 21.9 % , according to figures from China 's National Bureau of Statistics . While that may be good for workers , manufacturers are softening the blow to their balance sheets by turning to robotics -- which are cheaper , faster and deliver high quality . China is the fastest growing market in robotics , and by 2014 it will top the global market , according to the International Federation of Robotics . One company seeking to tap this demand is German-based KUKA Robotics , which is setting up a regional hub in the country . "  With the increase in the wages we can see a big automation wave coming , " said Till Reuter , chief executive of KUKA Robotics . "  China is the market that is still growing , and growing at a fast pace compared to Europe and the U.S. , " he said . "  China will be the biggest robotic market , so it is important to be here . " The auto industry , for example , is becoming increasingly reliant on robotics . China is the world 's largest auto market and European car manufacturers are setting up facilities in the region , all of which will be reliant on robotics . BMW opened a new plant in Shenyang last month and Volkswagen plans to double its capacity to four million cars by 2018 , by investing in three new plants in Yizheng , Foshan and Ningbo and upgrading existing ones in Changchun , Nanjing and Chengdu . China 's robotics industry still lags that in other countries . In Japan , for example , there are 306 robots working per 10,000 people while in China there are currently only 15 . KUKA plans to capture the potential by producing more efficient models that will continue to drive down costs for manufacturers . "  Our advantage is innovation , " said Reuter , "  we need to keep it alive and work towards the next generation . It gives us an advantage in China , but also in the rest of the world . " As China 's robotics industry catches up with others , the country 's manufacturers are also looking at other ways to bring in income . Investment in branding and marketing is one way to boost profits , according to Alistair Thornton , a senior analyst at IHS Global Insight . "  Manufacturers will think -- hold on , if we put money into branding and charge more for products , we can retain our margin , " said Thornton .	China 's rising wages are squeezing the profits of many manufacturers They are also feeding a boom in the robotics industry One company seeking to tap this demand is German-based KUKA Robotics KUKA plans to produce more efficient models to drive down costs for manufacturers
CNN  -- Guards at the California state prison known as "  New Folsom " put down a brief riot Wednesday that left 13 inmates hospitalized , including one shot by a correctional officer , prison officials said . About 60 to 70 inmates were involved in the disturbance at California State Prison-Sacramento , said Lt. Tony Quinn , a penitentiary spokesman . Eight of those taken to the hospital had stab wounds , while a guard shot one inmate in the "  hip or flank area , " Quinn said . The disturbance broke out in an exercise yard for maximum-security inmates Wednesday morning , the state Department of Corrections said . No staff members were injured , and Quinn said order was restored within 10 minutes . Guards found four inmate-made weapons in the yard after the riot , he said . The facility opened in 1986 and now holds more than 2,600 prisoners , Quinn said . It 's next door to the Folsom State Prison made famous by singer Johnny Cash , and it was designated New Folsom Prison until 1992 . CNN 's Darrell Calhoun contributed to this report .	A guard shot one inmate , prison officials say ; eight others stabbed during disturbance Four inmate weapons were found in the exercise yard after the riot , spokesman said The lockup known as "  New Folsom " is next door to the famous California prison
CNN  -- Two Californians , one of whom died , may have been exposed to mice droppings or urine that contained hantavirus while vacationing at Yosemite National Park , health officials said Thursday . The visitors contracted hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome , a rare but often fatal lung disease . The two had stayed at the popular Curry Village in mid-June , according to the California Department of Public Health . An unidentified 37-year-old man from the San Francisco Bay area died in late July , said Dr. Vicki Kramer , chief of the department 's vector-borne disease section . A Southern California woman in her 40s survived and is recovering , Kramer told CNN . The two stayed in separate locations at the village , which contains about 400 canvas tent and wooden cabins . "  They are very sparse but comfortable , " Yosemite ranger and spokesman Scott Gediman said of the tent cabins where the man and woman stayed . Officials have focused on deer mice , common in the high-elevation eastern Sierra Nevada region . The mice are gray or brown on top , with white bellies . Their ears have no fur . "  Rodents can infest a whole range of these structures , " Kramer said . "  Deer mice can get in a hole one-quarter inch in diameter . " In the United States , the carriers of hantavirus are deer mice , cotton rats , rice rats and white-footed mice , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The virus can be present in the rodents ' urine , droppings and saliva , and is spread to people when they breathe in air contaminated with the virus , the CDC says . The virus is not communicable from person to person . Explainer : What is hantavirus ? Rodent control is the primary strategy for preventing the hantavirus syndrome , according to the CDC . California 's health department has worked with Yosemite National Park for years to reduce the risks to visitors , Kramer said . The agency and park public health officers routinely conduct rodent surveillance , and the park inspects buildings and facilities , it said . The battle begins with workers routinely disinfecting floors and removing mouse droppings . Once park officials learned of the two cases , all 400 camp structures were thoroughly cleaned , Gediman said Thursday . Yosemite National Park has increased routine measures to reduce the hantavirus risk , according to officials . "  You can not eliminate all the mice , " Kramer said . "  There are a lot of people and snacks that people bring into their tents or cabins . " Gediman said officials consider Curry Village safe and guests have not canceled lodging reservations in the busiest month of the year at Yosemite . Officials urge people to clean areas of rodent infestation with caution . It 's best not to vacuum or sweep , because that can push hantavirus particles into the air , where they can enter the lungs . Rather , people should wear gloves and use bleach where they see mouse droppings . They should let the bleach sit for 15 minutes before using a mop or sponge to clean up . Opening shuttered areas to air and sunlight also is suggested . The two recent hantavirus cases bring the 2012 total in California to four . About one-third of the 60 cases reported in the state since 1993 have been fatal , the department said . Yosemite National Park saw one hantavirus case each in 2000 and 2010 . There is no specific treatment for hantavirus infection , according to the CDC , but the earlier the patient is brought to intensive care , the better . Diagnosis is difficult , because early symptoms of fever , muscle aches and fatigue often are confused with the flu . "  However , if the individual is experiencing fever and fatigue , and has a history of potential rural rodent exposure , together with shortness of breath ,  that  would be strongly suggestive of HPS , " the CDC says . Boy drowns , another missing in Yosemite National Park river	Park said it disinfected 400 cabins Man , woman in June visited camping area in Yosemite National Park They may have been exposed to deadly hantavirus Deer mice might be to blame
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- Demonstrators took to the streets Friday after Muslim prayers , as they have on past Fridays in recent weeks in a number of Syrian cities , resulting in 10 deaths , according to an activist group . "  The people want to overthrow the regime , " was the chant of the demonstrators in the cities of Homs , Lattakia , and Amouda , according to videos posted on YouTube . CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the videos . In a number of other cities across Syria , citizen journalists captured cell-phone videos of protesters scattering en masse as sounds of gunshots erupted and white smoke swept over the streets . In Jableh , a coastal city in Latakia Province , one man shouted , "  Serious injuries , tear gas . I ca n't see . " Another person died Friday of injuries suffered in another demonstration a couple of days ago , bringing the day 's death count to 11 , according to the London-based Syria Observatory for Human Rights . The state-run SANA news organization put Friday 's death toll during the protests at seven civilians and law-enforcement personnel . Friday 's protests were held in Hama , Homs , Deir El Zour , Idlib , Qameshli and Latakia , and in the al-Midane and Qaboun neighborhoods in Damascus , according to Rami Abdelrahman , head of the activist group . Of Friday 's 11 deaths , four people died in demonstrations in Barza , a suburb of Damascus ; three died in Homs , in the west ; two died in Kaswa , near Damascus ; and one died in Qoseir , near the Lebanese border . One person injured in Hama in a demonstration a couple of days ago died of his injuries Friday . Until Thursday , CNN has been barred from officially entering Syria and its reporting about events inside the country had been limited largely to what the network was able to piece together based on official government reports and accounts and videos posted on the Internet . Recently , the government granted access to CNN journalists , who arrived Thursday in Syria , where they were assigned government "  minders " to accompany them on video shoots . The minders said they had not received permission to take the journalists to the areas where protests were occurring . Instead , they took the journalists to Damascus ' historic old city , where their appearance on the streets prompted a crowd of a few dozen Syrians to erupt into pro-government chants . Posters and pictures of President Bashar al-Assad quickly materialized . The demonstrators raged against foreign powers , saying the unrest in Syria is the result of an international conspiracy -- one that includes the news media -- and is intended to bring down the regime . "  We feel like the international media is conducting a world war against us , " said Mohammed al-Hamwi , 67 . "  Not a single outlet has broadcast a real image of what is happening . " Government officials told CNN personnel that they were worried about the journalists ' safety with so many "  armed gangs " fomenting unrest throughout the country . The government has blamed "  armed gangs " in explaining its military crackdowns , which have led thousands of Syrians to cross into Turkey . The Hatay governor 's office in Turkey said Friday that at least 11,739 Syrians have done so . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said 500 displaced people have returned home . A supporter of the Syrian government said Friday that even those who have fled are part of a scheme to smear the government . "  I refuse to call them refugees ; they are hostages taken to bring down the regime , " said Naime Mahmoud el-Sheik , her voice shaking with emotion . "  We are with the regime . We are with Assad . " Rumors are rife , with some saying that the anti-government demonstrators have been sprayed with poisoned water that makes them more aggressive ; that terrorists are killing protesters and blaming the security forces . As more violence unfolded in Syria , the European Council condemned the nation Friday , saying the "  regime is calling its legitimacy into question " by opting for a "  path of repression instead of fulfilling its own promises on broad reforms . " The European Council -- comprising the heads of state of European Union member states -- deplored the "  ongoing repression and unacceptable and shocking violence the Syrian regime continues to apply against its own citizens . " It also expressed grave concern about reports of Syrian military activity near the Turkish border at Khirbet al-Jouz and urged "  maximum restraint . " This comes after the Council of the European Union voted Thursday to expand sanctions against Syria by freezing the assets of seven people and four businesses with connections to the regime . The detail was published in the European Union 's Official Journal on Friday , and British Foreign Secretary William Hague hailed the measures . "  These measures are carefully targeted and focused on those responsible for violent repression , " Hague said . "  Contrary to the Syrian authorities ' claims , the economic problems Syria is facing are a direct and predictable consequence of the Syrian authorities ' decision to choose repression over reform . " Among those sanctioned were three commanders in Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps accused of helping the "  regime suppress protests " and "  providing equipment and support " to the government , according to the European Union Official Journal . One of the three is Brig. Cmdr. Mohammad Ali Jafari , the corps ' general commander . "  I welcome the inclusion of three Iranian individuals on the list , " Hague said . "  The Iranian government 's provision of equipment and technical advice to help suppress peaceful protests is absolutely unacceptable . Iran 's actions are in stark contrast to the will of the Syrian people . They also highlight again Iran 's blatant hypocrisy , claiming publicly to support freedom in the Arab world , while privately assisting in violent repression . " Two of those sanctioned were first cousins of the president . They are Zoulhima Chaliche , head of presidential security , and Riyad Chaliche , director of the military housing establishment . Two others were business associates of Maher al-Assad , the president 's brother and commander of the army 's 4th Division and "  strongman of the Republican Guard . " Maher al-Assad was among 23 Syrian officials sanctioned by the EU in May , and he is regarded as the principal overseer of the crackdown against protesters . Others sanctioned at that time were the president ; Ali Mamluk , the head of Syria 's general intelligence directorate ; and Rami Makhlouf , the Syrian businessman and cousin and confidant of the president . Anti-government protests have raged in Syria for more than three months , with demonstrations gaining momentum amid a tough government crackdown . The number of estimated deaths has exceeded 1,600 , Abdelrahman said , with 1,316 civilians and 341 soldiers and security forces killed . About 10,000 people have been jailed , he said . Nadim Houri of Human Rights Watch said the number of people killed is 1,350 . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Azadeh Ansari , Nada Husseini , Carol Jordan , Per Nyberg , Tracy Doueiry and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We are with the regime , we are with Assad , " a pro-government demonstrator says NEW : "  The people want to overthrow the regime , " was the chant from three cities An EU body has frozen the assets of seven people and four businesses The number of refugees in Turkey approaches 12,000
CNN  -- Billy Ray Cyrus may be a country boy at heart , but he is also pretty savvy when it comes to navigating Hollywood . Billy Ray Cyrus has a full plate with acting , touring , composing and being a dad . When others wrote him off as a novelty act after the 1992 hit "  Achy Breaky Heart , " Cyrus kept making music and eventually turned to acting . It was a decision he said came after some well-timed fatherly advice . "  In the mid - '90s , my dad said to me ` Son , you 've got all of your eggs in one basket and you are living and dying by music , ' " Cyrus recalled . "  He said ' I want you to have a career like Kenny Rogers . ' " Cyrus said his dad suggested he branch out into acting . Cyrus eventually auditioned for and won a role in what appeared to be an unlikely vehicle -- David Lynch 's 2001 film "  Mulholland Drive . " After Lynch , known for such works as "  Blue Velvet " and "  Twin Peaks , " suggested that Cyrus should continue to pursue the craft , he went on to star in the television drama "  Doc , " which also helped spur the career of Cyrus ' greatest production -- "  Hannah Montana " star , and Cyrus ' daughter , Miley Cyrus . Now , with the release of "  Hannah Montana : The Movie " on Blu-ray and DVD , a music tour and an upcoming role in a film featuring comedian George Lopez and martial arts expert Jackie Chan , Cyrus is staying busy . He recently took some time out of his hectic schedule to talk to CNN about how he keeps it all together , how he manages raising a family full of performers  son Trace is a member of the band Metro Station , daughter Brandi performs with the band Frank and Derol and also acts , as do younger children Braison and Noah  and what makes him a good fit for Hollywood . CNN : What do you like about "  Hannah Montana : The Movie ? " Billy Ray Cyrus : I think it 's got a certain amount of realism to it with art imitating life imitating art . It certainly parallels a lot of things in mine and Miley 's real world and real lives . I wrote the song "  Back to Tennessee " and as I read the script for the movie , "  Back to Tennessee " became a cornerstone of the film and the title track off the album . The realism of the film translates into the music , and I think vice versa . CNN : The film speaks to never losing touch with your roots . How important is that to you ? Cyrus : Extremely . My dad told me as a kid to always be aware of where you are , always have a vision for your future , but never forget where you came from . CNN : You 've had careers in both music and acting . Do you still feel a bit like a fish out of water dealing with Hollywood ? Cyrus : I love Hollywood as far as being an actor . Getting to work with Jackie Chan and George Lopez in this new film we have coming out in January -LSB- "  The Spy Next Door " -RSB- , working with Heather Locklear and Patricia Neal in the Lifetime movie "  Flying By " and Brooke Shields , who has appeared as my deceased wife on "  Hannah Montana . " I look back at it now and think that I may fit in more to the film community than I do Nashville , to tell you the truth . I love what I do . CNN : Do you have a preference , then , for acting over music ? Cyrus : My preference is to find projects that can combine the two . I also love to write scores . I wrote a lot of the scores for "  Doc " and I love to write scores for other projects . CNN : How do you balance being a star with being a dad ? Cyrus : The very best I can . I just take it one step at a time and do the best I can . My dad was to me what I try to be to Miley , which is somewhat of a best friend . I try my best to be a good daddy and if she wants to talk about business or music I try my best to be a good manager . I try to be all of those things because that 's what my dad was to me . Unfortunately , my dad passed away four years ago from mesothelioma , but I feel like in some ways my dad is looking down on me and smiling . His name was Ronald Ray Cyrus and a lot of people say Miley changed her name to Miley Ray because of Billy Ray , but that 's not true . She did that in honor of my dad , because the two of them just loved each other to pieces . CNN : So will Miley ever remake "  Achy Breaky Heart " ? Cyrus : I doubt it , but anything is a possibility . In 1991 I recorded "  Achy Breaky Heart " and we are not too terribly far away from the 20-year anniversary , and there are some major stars who want to re-do that song . I 'm flirting with the idea . There 's one cat in particular that if I told you who it was , it would blow your mind . But I 've got to keep it under my hat right now .	Billy Ray Cyrus has worked steadily since 1992 's "  Achy Breaky Heart " Singer turned to acting on advice of father and director David Lynch Says he prefers working on projects that combine acting and music He wo n't reveal the big-name artists he says want to remake his hit
ANAHEIM , California  CNN  -- As he fixes a broken sliding glass door at an apartment in Anaheim , California , Eduardo Gutierrez worries about his parents in Mexico . Eduardo Gutierrez ca n't send money back to his parents in Mexico due to rising costs and less work . He can no longer afford to send the $ 200 to $ 300 a month he had been sending back home to support his ailing father . "  I kind of feel bad that I ca n't help my parents , " said Gutierrez , a legal immigrant who has worked in the United States for 20 years . "  I try . But I ca n't these days , and it 's a tough situation . " Gutierrez said he earns $ 18.50 an hour as a glazier , installer and fixer of glass in all shapes and sizes . But with the U.S. economy sagging , his hours have shrunk , even as his gas and grocery bills have skyrocketed along with other expenses . He 's struggling just to support his wife and three children . Watch bad times in the U.S. felt in Mexico " Bank of Mexico , Mexico 's equivalent to the Federal Reserve , says stories like these are becoming more common . Deceleration in the U.S. construction industry resulted in $ 100 million less in "  remittances " -- money from workers in the U.S. to their relatives in Mexico -- in January this year , the most recent available stats . The overall figure went from $ 1.7 billion in January 2007 to $ 1.6 billion this January , according to Bank of Mexico . The slowdown in such money has been a consistent theme over the last year . The World Bank says remittances received by people in Mexico nearly ground to a halt in 2007 , growing at a rate of 1.4 percent , compared with more than 20 percent annual growth from 2002 to 2006 . "  The slowdown in Mexico is partly due to the weak job market in the United States , especially in the construction sector , " the World Bank says on its Web site . A poll , released Wednesday , of 5,000 Latin American adults living in the United States found that only 50 percent of respondents were still sending money on a regular basis to loved ones , down from 73 percent in a similar poll conducted in 2006 . The poll was conducted in February by the Inter-American Development Bank 's Multilateral Investment Fund . See the rise of immigrants from Latin America " What does that mean to families in Mexico counting on the payments to survive ? CNN caught up with Gutierrez 's father in Tejaro , Mexico , a hardscrabble farming town of about 5,000 people . A gray-bearded man in a wide-brimmed hat , 77-year-old Camilo Izquierdo was feeding white goats that poked their heads through a makeshift fence . He and his wife have 13 children , seven of whom have moved to the United States for work , including Eduardo Gutierrez . The dad used the money from his oldest son to supplement his farming income and to help pay for diabetes medication . "  He says things are getting too expensive over there , " the father said . "  He says things are worse there in California than over here . " His livestock has always been his lifeline . Izquierdo used to have 140 goats , but he began selling off his livestock to make ends meet . A drought made feed more expensive , and now he 's down to just 40 goats , with little money left for his medicine . "  I am sick and have been sick for quite some time . The medicine keeps getting more expensive . I just do n't know what to do anymore . " Back in California , Eduardo Gutierrez says that in addition to shrinking hours and rising food costs , gas prices are burning up his paycheck as he drives his truck to jobs spread out over hundreds of miles in Southern California . He estimates that just driving to and from the jobs is costing him $ 400 to $ 500 a month in gas . Gas calculator : How much do you need to work to pay for your gas ? " "  I 've been here over 20 years , and I saw the recession back in the '90s , " Gutierrez said . "  But this is worse , as far as I can tell . This is really bad . " Gutierrez says his financial situation could be more desperate , like those from his hometown who are now unemployed in California . When he visits his home in Mexico , he does n't reveal everything about just how dire the situation is . "  Every time I go down there , a lot of people ask , ` How is my son doing ? ' " Gutierrez said . "  I do n't want to say they 're out of a job or anything like that . " He added , "  I say they 're doing all right . But that is just a lie . They are doing bad right now . A lot of people are doing bad . " He said he knows lots of legal U.S. residents who have moved back home to Tejaro or the state of Michoacan . He also said the tighter border controls have convinced other Mexicans without legal U.S. paperwork not to try to not sneak across the border to make money for their families . "  I mean , who wants to risk his life just to make a living ? " Gutierrez asked . He said he hopes the U.S. economy picks back up and people begin renovating their homes again soon . On this day , as he finished fixing the sliding glass door , he got on his knees like a kid playing marbles and used a hand brush to sweep every last metal shaving and screw into a dust pan . "  I do n't know what 's going to happen , " he said of the U.S. economy . "  Hopefully , things turn around a little better . " E-mail to a friend	Remittances to Mexico fell $ 100 million in January , according to Bank of Mexico "  I kind of feel bad that I ca n't help my parents , " immigrant in U.S. says Payments to loved ones back home have slowed during U.S. economic woes Father in Mexico : "  He says things are worse there in California than over here "
CNN  -- The presidents of Sudan and Chad signed a non-aggression agreement late Thursday , aiming to halt cross-border hostilities between the two African nations . Chad President Idriss Deby , right , and Sudan 's President Omar al-Beshir , left , shake hands after signing the pact . The signing came after nearly two full days of talks in Dakar , Senegal , between Sudan President Omar al-Beshir and Idriss Deby , the president of Chad . Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade facilitated the talks , and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon met with officials from both nations and witnessed the signing of the agreement at about 10 p.m. "  The idea is to get the governments of Sudan and Chad to normalize their relations with each other and to halt any action that would allow for the cross-border movement of rebel factions or armed factions of either side that could hurt the other country , " said United Nations spokesman Farhan Haq . Each country accuses the other of supporting armed rebel groups that cross the border to attempt to destabilize the government . The rival nations ' armies have skirmished several times . The United Nations says refugees and armed groups have been regularly crossing the border between the troubled Darfur region of Sudan and Chad . They allegedly include many of the rebels that attacked N'Djamena , the capital of Chad , in early February . As recently as Thursday , just hours before the agreement was signed , Chad issued a communique saying rebels from Sudan had crossed the border . Chad is still recovering from a failed attempt last month by rebels to overthrow Deby 's regime . The United Nations says the swelling number of Darfur refugees and other displaced people living in eastern Chad is causing serious strain on the region . Kingsley Amaning , the U.N. 's humanitarian coordinator for Chad , said more than 10,000 people from Darfur , in Sudan , have fled into 12 official refugee camps in eastern Chad . They join some 240,000 Darfurians who have lived in Chad since 2004 because of fighting in their homeland and an estimated 180,000 displaced Chadians also living there . The number of displaced Chadians is growing because of the recent fighting there , Kingsley said . Haq said the United Nations , which has peacekeeping troops in the Darfur region , will work to assure Sudan and Chad carry out the terms of Thursday 's deal . The countries have signed several peace agreements in the past , only to see renewed violence flare up . E-mail to a friend	Sudan , Chad presidents sign agreement aiming to halt cross-border hostilities Signing came after nearly two days of talks between presidents of Sudan and Chad Each accuses other of supporting rebels that attempt to destabilize the government Just hours before agreement , Chad claimed rebels from Sudan had crossed border
CNN  -- U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson pulled out this year 's British Open Friday because his wife is due to give birth later this month . Simpson was set to fly in next week to the third major of the season at Royal Lytham and St Annes from July 19-22 but has decided against making the trip . A statement issued by tournament organizers said : "  Webb Simpson , the 2012 U.S. Open Champion , has withdrawn from The Open Championship due to family reasons . " A number of leading contenders have been tuning up for Lytham at this week 's Scottish Open and there was a welcome return to form for four-time major champion Phil Mickelson . Mickelson holed his second shot for an eagle two at his opening hole at Castle Stuart and backed it up with six birdies for a second round eight-under 64 . The American had opened with a disappointing 73 at the links course in Inverness but on seven-under 137 at halfway is handily placed for a weekend charge . "  There was big difference today compared to my 73 yesterday as I just hit a lot better shots , struck it solidly and made a few more putts , " he told he official European Tour website . "  I have only played three tournaments the last couple of months so I knew I just needed to play more , and I 'm glad I added this tournament . " Mickelson finished joint runner-up to Darren Clarke at last year 's British Open and his last victory came at February 's AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am where he finished with a 64 . He trails joint leaders Alexander Noren of Sweden and Italian Francesco Molinari by five shots . Molinari had led after the opening round with a superb 62 but came back to the field with second round 70 . Defending champion and world number one Luke Donald stayed in contention on nine-under after a 68 , seeking his second win in his last three starts on the European Tour .	U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson out of British Open Simpson 's wife in due to give birth later this month Phil Mickelson shoots eight-under-par 64 at Scottish Open Alexander Noren and Francesco Molinari joint leaders at Castle Stuart
Washington  CNN  -- Another month , another weak jobs report . And do n't expect Congress to do much about it anytime soon . With unemployment stuck above 8 % , congressional Democrats and Republicans blasted each other Friday for blocking legislation that would help create new jobs and spark stronger economic growth . Both parties have a number of proposals on the table , but with the campaign now in full swing neither side expects anything to pass before Election Day . "  The president needs to stop betting on his failed policies and start working with Republicans to remove government obstacles to job creation , " said House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . "  We 've passed more than 30 jobs bills -- he should call on Senate Democrats to stop stalling them . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , ripped the Republicans for deciding "  they would rather focus their energy on political grandstanding and empty , partisan exercises that will not create a single job . " Who 's right ? It depends on your point of view . Congress is not completely incapable of action . In April , for example , legislators passed the Jumpstart Our Business Startups -- or JOBS -- Act , which provides small businesses in need of capital with a range of options that were previously out of reach . The provisions are aimed primarily at helping fast-growing operations like biotech and tech companies . Last week , Congress cleared a $ 105 billion bill funding transportation projects for two years and preventing a doubling of the student loan rate . But most analysts believe growing campaign pressure and Capitol Hill 's cavernous ideological divide will combine to make further legislative progress nearly impossible . Next week , the GOP-controlled House will likely pass -- for a second time -- a bill repealing Obamacare , the president 's controversial health care overhaul . Republicans know the measure is dead on arrival in the Democratic-controlled Senate , but they 're trying to score political points by keeping the issue front and center in the wake of the Supreme Court ruling upholding the law . Boehner has also promised votes later this month on a Republican tax reform measure and a bill to , in the speaker 's words , "  curtail excessive government regulations . " Reid , meanwhile , is promising a vote next week on small business tax cut measure "  designed to reward hiring and provide incentives for payroll growth . " The bill , sponsored by Pennsylvania Democratic Sen. Bob Casey , would offer substantial writeoffs for new equipment purchases while also extending new tax credits for payroll expansions . For their part , Obama and presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney both have a number of proposals on the table . Obama rolled out a $ 447 billion job growth plan last September , but the blueprint was never approved by either chamber . Democrats then broke the measure up into a number smaller parts -- including the JOBS Act . The strategy met with mixed results and now appears to have stalled . Romney 's plan includes a 20 % cut in marginal tax rates , a repeal of both the estate tax and Alternative Minimum Tax , and a cut in the corporate tax rate from 35 % to 25 % , among other things . He 'd also repeal the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory reform bill and give a green light to complete construction of the Keystone XL pipeline , a project that splits Democratic labor and environmental groups , and has been put on hold by Obama . The bottom line as far as Congress is concerned , however , is that Obama embraces traditional Democratic stimulus ideas like expanding the public sector workforce , spending more on infrastructure , and pushing targeted tax cuts aimed primarily at middle and lower income families . Romney and his congressional allies hew to a more traditional Republican agenda of sweeping tax reduction and slashing federal red tape for domestic energy producers and others . Do n't expect a divided Congress to give either side a win -- especially before voters go to the polls on November 6 .	Democrats and Republicans blame each other for Congress 's failure to pass a new jobs bill Congress is unlikely to take further legislative action after passing the transportation bill Congress is stymied by deep ideological divisions and election year pressures
New York  CNN  -- The man who shot and killed two New York City police officers as they sat in their patrol car had posted angry messages on social media , ranting against the government and police , New York Police Department 's Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce said Sunday . Ismaaiyl Brinsley , 28 , also posted messages of self-loathing and despair and made reference online to Michael Brown and Eric Garner , African-American men who were killed by police . "  I 'm Putting Wings On Pigs Today . They Take 1 Of Ours , Let 's Take 2 of Theirs , " an Instagram post read , authorities said . Brinsley had a lengthy criminal record . He was arrested 15 times in Georgia for assorted crimes and arrested four times in Ohio , Boyce told reporters Sunday . He was in prison in Georgia between August 2011 and July 2013 for criminal possession of a weapon , Boyce said . Brinsley had an address connected to him in Georgia but that appears to be his sister 's home , and they are estranged , Boyce said . The gunman 's connection to Brooklyn is that his mother lives there , but they are also estranged , the chief of detectives said . On Saturday afternoon , Brinsley fired four rounds at officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood . The officers , who were hit in head , were assigned from their normal downtown Brooklyn beat to an area of the borough with a high crime rate , authorities said . New York City Police Commissioner William Bratton said the officers were shot "  with no warning , no provocation . " Witnesses saw Brinsley walk to the car and assume what they described as a shooting stance . "  They were , quite simply , assassinated , " Bratton said . At a nearby subway station , Brinsley was found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , authorities said . A message from a teenage son of Ramos ' showed the heartbreaking devastation the crime has caused . "  Today is the worst day of my life , " 13-year-old Jaden Ramos posted on Facebook about the slaying of his father , Rafael Ramos . "  Today I had to say bye to my father , " the teenager wrote . "  He was  there  for me everyday of my life , he was the best father I could ask for . It 's horrible that someone gets shot dead just for being a police officer . Everyone says they hate cops but they are the people that they call for help . I will always love you and I will never forget you . RIP Dad . " The thin blue line Family and friends of Ramos spoke to reporters Sunday , expressing support for police and a desire for change . "  We 're just hopeful that this tragedy will not be in vain and that we will be able to heed the words of the Ramos family and bring the city together to heal , " said U.S. Rep. Hakeem Jeffries , a Democrat who represents large sections of Brooklyn . Ramos had just turned 40 ; Liu had been married two months ago . Both had dreamed of being police officers , Bratton said . "  One of the unfortunate realities of policing is that you put that blue uniform on and you become part of the thin blue line between us and anarchy , " Bratton said . He sent a memo to NYPD officers about the killings , saying the officers were "  targeted for their uniform , and for the responsibility they embraced : to keep the people of this city safe . " Liu and Ramos "  will be remembered , " he wrote . "  They will join a line that is too long , a line of partners who served together and made the ultimate sacrifice together . " The memo then named other officers who have lost their lives . "  May God grant Officer Wenjian Liu and Officer Rafael Ramos rest . And to all members of the service , be safe , " he said . New York Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo directed that all flags on state government buildings in New York City be flown at half-staff . Mayor Bill de Blasio and Bratton met with the families of the victims . "  When a police officer is murdered , it tears at the foundation of our society , " the mayor said . "  It is an attack on the very concept of decency . " President Barack Obama condemned the shooting , and called Bratton on Sunday to express condolences for the slain officers . "  Two brave men wo n't be going home to their loved ones tonight , and for that , there is no justification , " Obama said in a statement . "  The officers who serve and protect our communities risk their own safety for ours every single day -- and they deserve our respect and gratitude every single day . " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder called the attack "  an unspeakable act of barbarism . " The suspect and his lethal travels Brinsley arrived in New York from Baltimore but had a home in the Atlanta suburb of Union City , Georgia . Boyce said that there is no indication that Brinsley had any gang ties , and police have found no religious statements on social media accounts that investigators continue to pour through . Before he arrived in Brooklyn by bus , Brinsley had shot and seriously wounded an ex-girlfriend in Baltimore on Saturday morning , Boyce said . Shaneka Nicole Thompson , 29 , was shot in the abdomen , Baltimore authorities said Sunday . She is in critical but stable condition at a hospital , authorities told CNN . Investigators were able to talk to her , Boyce said . She said that when Brinsley showed up at her apartment , they argued . Her mother called during that and heard the bickering but the phone hung up , according to Boyce . The first call to 911 came at 5:50 a.m. from a neighbor who heard shots fired . Brinsley later called the mother back and apologized for shooting her daughter , saying it was an accident and that he hoped she lived , Boyce said . Baltimore authorities communicated to New York police Sunday at about 2:10 p.m. when Baltimore County police made a phone call to the 70th Precinct in New York to tell police there that the phone of a suspect wanted in Thompson 's shooting was pinging at a location in the 70th Precinct . The two police departments discussed an Instagram post , allegedly by Brinsley , that read , "  I 'm Putting Wings On Pigs Today . " The posting made reference , police said , to the high-profile deaths of African-Americans Michael Brown and Eric Garner . Police officers killed both men . "  They Take 1 Of Ours , Let 's Take 2 of Theirs , " the post said , according to authorities . The account also displayed a handgun and a message that said it might be the poster 's last message . Baltimore County police also faxed a "  wanted " poster to New York police with information about Brinsley . Records show Brinsley had a lengthy arrest record in Georgia , mostly involving charges of shoplifting and illegal weapons possession , records show . He was also charged with property damage and obstructing a police officer and pleaded guilty to many of the charges , according to police and court records . Reaction : ` This ca n't happen ' The shooting shocked residents in the neighborhood . "  This ca n't happen . If you mad at somebody , be mad at the person that you are mad at . Now , we have two families that  are  missing somebody for the holidays , " Shaniqua Pervis told CNN affiliate WABC . "  Where is your humanity ? I know it 's a war going on and shoutout to Eric Garner 's family and everybody else who lost somebody , but you 're not at his house , on his lawn . This is two  officers  . You do n't even know if  they were  good or bad . I do n't condone this , and I 'm not with it . " The woman was referring to the controversial July death of the unarmed black man after New York police officers on Staten Island wrestled him to the ground , with one of the officers wrapping his arm around Garner 's neck in a chokehold . A grand jury 's decision not to indict the police officer in the Garner case , as well as a separate grand jury 's refusal to indict an officer in a controversial police shooting of unarmed teen Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , led to nationwide protests against the police . Brown 's family condemned Saturday 's slayings . "  We reject any kind of violence directed toward members of law enforcement . It can not be tolerated . We must work together to bring peace to our communities , " they said in a statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the officers ' families during this incredibly difficult time . " In a statement , activist the Rev. Al Sharpton said the Garner family was outraged by the police officers ' killings . "  Any use of the names of Eric Garner and Michael Brown , in connection with any violence or killing of police , is reprehensible and against the pursuit of justice in both cases , " the statement said . "  We have stressed at every rally and march that anyone engaged in any violence is an enemy to the pursuit of justice for Eric Garner and Michael Brown . " Tensions between the community and police have heightened around the country since the deaths of Brown and Garner . "  This could not have come at a worse time , " City Councilman Robert Cornegy told CNN affiliate WPIX . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , David Shortell , Mariano Castillo and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We 're just hopeful that this tragedy will not be in vain , " says a NY representative Police name Ismaaiyl Brinsley as the shooter ; he died of self-inflicted gunshot wound 13-year-old son of officer posts on Facebook : "  This is the worst day of my life " Two NYPD officers , Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos , were shot in Brooklyn on Saturday
Washington  CNN  -- Food-safety advocates and survivors of food-borne illness called Wednesday for the U.S. Senate to pass a bill that has been in limbo since last year . "  When things go wrong with the food supply , consumers sometimes are the last to know but the first to pay , " said Caroline DeWaal of the Washington-based , non-profit advocacy group Center for Science in the Public Interest . The group released a report Wednesday detailing the food recalls that have occurred since July 2009 , when the U.S. House of Representatives passed legislation that would give more power and responsibility to the Food and Drug Administration to make the food supply safer . In the 13 intervening months , the Senate has failed to pass companion legislation , she said . During that time , 85 recalls of FDA-regulated foods have been announced , she said . Christopher Waldrop , director of the Food Policy Institute at the Consumer Federation of America , which helped prepare the eight-page report , said 14 of the recalls covered all 50 states and the District of Columbia . Eighty percent were the result of microbial contamination -- salmonella  42 percent  or listeria  38 percent  -- both of which can prove fatal , he said . The recalls were associated with 1,850 reported illnesses -- most from the recent egg recall -- though that likely underestimates the true number since "  reported illnesses account for only a fraction of the true number of food-related illness in the country , " he said . One of those reportedly sickened by recalled food was Rylee Gustafson , 13 , of Henderson , Nevada . Four years ago , after eating spinach contaminated with E. coli , she got pain in her stomach , she said . That was followed by bloody diarrhea , swelling around her brain , kidney failure , diabetes and loss of vision and hearing , she said . "  I am OK now , " she said , looking healthy . After recovering from her illness , she started advocating for food safety , she said . "  My experience has shown me you ca n't assume we are protected , so we have to demand the government does its job well . " The proposed Food Safety Enhancement Act  S. 510  covers many aspects of food safety , including better preventive control measures by manufacturers , more frequent inspections of facilities , and greater FDA authority over recalls . "  We believe it would significantly cut down on the number of recalls and , when they do occur , it would allow the FDA to identify the food more quickly , " CSPI 's DeWaal said . She said that , despite bipartisan support for the bill , it has not been brought to the floor . "  We 've been told that the legislation was on the calendar for at least the last six months , " she said . "  This is an urgent priority for the American consumer and we need to make it an urgent priority for American senators as well . "	Advocates want the Senate to pass a food safety bill when it reconvenes The House of Representatives passed the change in July 2009 Groups detailed recalls that have taken place since then The proposed act would give the FDA more power over food recalls
A Detroit-area man who claimed he accidentally shot and killed a 19-year-old woman he thought was breaking into his home was charged Friday with second-degree murder , after days of pressure from her relatives seeking an arrest . Theodore Paul Wafer , 54 , also was charged with manslaughter and possession of a firearm in the commission of a felony in the November 2 shooting of Renisha McBride , who authorities say was intoxicated and possibly disoriented following a car crash before Wafer shot her on his Dearborn Heights porch . McBride was unarmed and there was no evidence of a break-in , so Wafer -- who authorities say shot McBride from behind a closed , locked screen door -- can not lawfully claim he needed to shoot her to stop an imminent threat , Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy told reporters Friday . "  I am saying we do not believe he acted in lawful self-defense , " Worthy said . Gerald Thurswell , an attorney for McBride 's family , hailed the charges , saying he believes the evidence points to murder , but that a jury could go for manslaughter if it disagrees . Either way , he said , Wafer was in the wrong . "  She was intoxicated . She may have been boisterous . She may have been loud . ...  But  this man had absolutely no justification to take a shotgun and blow her head off , " Thurswell said Friday , not addressing Wafer 's explanation to police that the gun discharged accidentally . McBride 's father , Walter Simmons , told reporters Friday he was thankful for the charges against "  this monster that killed my daughter . " Her mother , Monica McBride , dismissed notions that the shooting was accidental . "  You did no accident . You took a life , and you took a beautiful life that was starting to blossom into a beautiful woman , " Monica McBride told reporters , addressing Wafer , who was in custody elsewhere . Wafer was arraigned on the charges Friday afternoon , and he was being held on bail set at $ 250,000 . Report : Blood alcohol level of slain Detroit woman more than twice the legal limit The crash and the shooting The charges were the latest chapter in a case that received national media attention when McBride 's family complained Wafer , who is white , was n't immediately arrested and charged in the black woman 's death . They contended she might have been seeking help when she approached his home . Authorities said McBride , of Detroit , drove into a parked car in the city around 1 a.m. . After her death , tests determined her blood-alcohol level was 0.218 % -- nearly three times the 0.08 % legal limit for drivers in Michigan , the Wayne County Medical Examiner 's Office said . Witnesses said she left on foot , bloodied and disoriented , Worthy said . McBride ended up on Wafer 's porch in neighboring Dearborn Heights at least a couple hours later that morning . Wafer told investigators he thought McBride was breaking into his home , and that the shotgun accidentally discharged when he investigated , police said . After 911 was called at 4:42 a.m. , the unarmed McBride was found dead with large shotgun wound to her face , Worthy said . Investigators believe Wafer , standing in his home , opened the main door and shot the gun through a closed and locked screen door , Worthy said . Michigan law says a person has no duty to retreat in his or her own home , but to shoot someone and claim legal self-defense , the resident must reasonably believe he or she faces an imminent threat of death or great bodily harm , and must show that the use of force was needed to prevent this , Worthy said . There was no evidence of forced entry , and this case does n't amount to self-defense , she said . One of Wafer 's attorneys , Cheryl Carpenter , was not immediately available for comment Friday afternoon , her office said . Another attorney representing Wafer , Carpenter 's father , Mack Carpenter , said this week that the death was a "  tragic accident " and that his client was "  completely justified in everything he did . " Worthy said her office did n't feel McBride 's intoxication was relevant in the decision to file charges . She added she did n't believe a toxicology test was done for Wafer . The second-degree murder charge carries a maximum sentence of life in prison . The manslaughter charge , which alleges the weapon was aimed with intent but without malice , carries a penalty of up to 15 years in prison . A conviction on the felony firearm charge would mean a mandatory two-year prison term to be served before any other sentence . The next court hearing is scheduled for December 18 . Wafer , an employee of the Wayne County Airport Authority , has been placed on administrative leave , authority spokesman Michael Conway told CNN . Woman 's father : No reason for death At a rally outside Wafer 's house Wednesday night , McBride 's relatives and friends alleged that the white homeowner had racially profiled the woman . On Friday afternoon , when asked if he thought race played a role in his daughter 's death , Simmons demurred . "  I believe that this man took my daughter 's life for no reason at all , from just one human being to another , " Simmons said . "  And we just want justice done . " Thurswell , the attorney for McBride 's parents , told reporters Friday that Wafer was safe in his home , and he should have called 911 before shooting if he believed his life was in jeopardy , not after . Thurswell said the family did n't know where McBride was in the hours before the crash or where she was going . McBride 's parents said she was a 2012 high school graduate who planned to take online classes and entertained thoughts of being a nurse or working in the automotive industry . "  She could have been anything , but she 's cut short of that now , " Simmons said . Detroit woman 's autopsy leaves questions	"  No justification to ... blow her head off , " lawyer for woman 's family says Theodore Paul Wafer , 54 , charged in 19-year-old 's shooting death on his porch Wafer says he thought she was a burglar ; tests show she was intoxicated Prosecutor : "  We do not believe he acted in lawful self-defense "
Christmas in the United States is a combination of traditions from around the world . Evergreen trees inside homes were popularized in Germany during the 16th century . Decorating with poinsettias ? That idea came from Mexico  and the name of the plant came from Joel Roberts Poinsett , the first U.S. Minister to Mexico  . And 18th-century England helped to change mistletoe 's image from a poisonous plant to a poisonous plant that 's also a festive kissing trap . However , there 's one favorite tradition with an All-American origin : electric Christmas tree lights . It started when Edward H. Johnson , a friend and business partner of Thomas Edison , put a string of 80 hand-wired red , white and blue electric lights on a Christmas tree in 1882 . Since the majority of Americans did n't have access to electric power until the 1930s , it took about 50 years for Johnson 's creation to become popular . Since then , it 's become an essential part of American Christmas celebrations , whether that means a couple of strings of "  tasteful " white lights around the family tree or a pulsating public display synchronized to "  Jingle Bell Rock " that can be seen from low orbit . With a nod to Mr. Johnson 's first tree , here are eight of the best locations in the United States where the electric light tradition continues to shine brightly . Disney 's Hollywood Studios  Lake Buena Vista , Florida Back in 1986 , Arkansas businessman Jennings Osborne started decorating his Little Rock home for his daughter during the holidays . What began with 1,000 lights snowballed into three million lights and numerous court challenges to turn the lights off  though the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear the case  . Eventually , Osborne agreed to move his display , now known as The Osborne Family Spectacle of Dancing Lights , to Disney 's Hollywood Studios in Florida . With five million lights , the show requires more than 10 miles of rope lighting and another 30 miles in extension cords . Visitors can even don a special Made with Magic ear hat , a version of the classic Mickey Mouse ears that flashes colors along with the music . November 7 , 2014 to January 4 , 2015 Disney 's Hollywood Studios , 351 South Studio Drive , Lake Buena Vista , Florida Las Vegas Motor Speedway  Las Vegas It may seem counterproductive to leave the Las Vegas Strip to look at bright lights , but to find Christmas lights in the Nevada desert , visitors can drive down to the racetrack . The Las Vegas Motor Speedway hosts Glittering Lights , a 2.5-mile circuit that gives car-bound visitors the opportunity to see more than 400 animated displays . It should be noted that while Glittering Lights is hosted at the speedway , the event does n't have visitors drive on the superspeedway track , so crash helmets and lead feet are n't required . For the upcoming holiday season , up to 30,000 vehicles are expected to make the circuit . November 14 , 2014 to January 4 , 2015 Las Vegas Motor Speedway , 7000 Las Vegas Blvd. . N. , Las Vegas Smithsonian 's National Zoo  Washington , D.C. During the holidays , the nation 's capitol is home to a unique event that manages to combine sparkling Christmas light displays with animals that prefer the dark . Zoolights turns Smithsonian 's National Zoo into a 500,000-LED-light winter wonderland . At this free event , families can take a spin on the solar-powered Speedwell Conservation Carousel , which features custom-carved figures of 58 species of animals , including a clouded leopard and a sloth bear . The zoo 's Small Mammal House , Great Ape House and Reptile Discovery Center are open , so visitors can warm up and see some of the zoo 's nocturnal animals . November 28 , 2014 to January 1 , 2015 , except for December 24 , 25 , and 31 Smithsonian 's National Zoo , 3001 Connecticut Ave. NW , Washington , D.C. Silver Dollar City  Branson , Missouri While Branson , Missouri , has grown by leaps and celebrity theaters over the last several decades , Silver Dollar City has been here since 1960 . The theme park is a celebration of Ozark Mountains culture and , for more than two decades , host to An Old Time Christmas festival . With more than 5 million lights and 1,000 decorated trees , along with nightly parades and two musical productions , An Old Time Christmas is home to the 5-Story Special Effects Christmas Tree that features 350,000 LED lights and , synchronized with Christmas music , can make up to 100 light changes per second . November 1 , 2014 to December 30 , 2014 Silver Dollar City , 399 Silver Dollar City Railroad , Branson , Missouri Denver Botanic Gardens  Denver , Colorado For those who want to see Christmas lights dazzle in a Rocky Mountain setting , there 's "  Blossoms of Light " at the Denver Botanic Gardens . Following a half-mile path through the Gardens ' 24 acres , visitors see thousands of colorful lights highlight the winter beauty of Ponderosa pines , cottonwoods and other native Western plants . December 5 , 2014 to January 1 , 2015 Denver Botanic Gardens , 1007 York St. , Denver , Colorado Macy 's at Center City  Philadelphia Since 1956 , parents have brought their children to Philadelphia 's Center City to marvel at a department store 's resident light display during the holidays . Macy 's  formerly Wanamaker 's  Christmas Light Show has a Magic Christmas Tree and more than 100,000 LEDs arranged behind a four-story velvet curtain that tell a story with reindeer , toy soldiers and ballerinas . At the end of the show , the 287-ton Wanamaker Organ , the largest operational pipe organ in the world , plays "  O Tannenbaum . " Julie Andrews is the narrator of the light show , though it was formerly narrated by baritone John Facenda , known as the "  Voice of God " from NFL Films . November 28 , 2014 to December 31 , 2014 Macy 's at Center City , 1300 Market St. , Philadelphia Zilker Park  Austin , Texas It takes an estimated 15,000 hours and 1,500 volunteers to put together Austin 's Trail of Lights . Located in the Texas capital 's Zilker Park , the popular light show is currently celebrating its 50th anniversary . The 1.25-mile walking circuit features more than 50 light displays , 100 lighted trees , a nightly Yule Log and a 90-foot Ferris wheel . Standing above it all is the Zilker Tree , at 155 feet it 's the tallest man-made free-standing Christmas tree in the world . December 7 , 2014 to December 21 , 2014 Zilker Park , 2100 Barton Springs Road , Austin , Texas Santa Claus House  North Pole , Alaska North Pole , Alaska 's , name comes from an attempt to convince a toy company to move to town . The toymaker never materialized , but residents of this Fairbanks suburb did embrace the Christmas spirit and for the last eight years have hosted the six-week Christmas on Ice festival that combines festive Christmas lights with intricately carved ice sculptures . And despite the fact that this is Alaska in winter , there are outdoor activities for kids , including ice slides and massive ice bowl "  twirlers " where kids can sit and be spun until the colorful lights become a nauseating blur . November 29 , 2014 to January 6 , 2014 Santa Claus House , 101 Saint Nicholas Drive , North Pole , Alaska	Osborne Family Spectacle of Dancing Lights at Disney 's Hollywood Studios in Florida has 5 million lights A 2.5-mile circuit in Las Vegas shows off more than 400 animated displays A five-story Christmas tree in Branson , Missouri , features 350,000 LEDs
CNN  -- Dear Miss America , Thank you for reminding us what classic American beauty looks like today . For the rest of America -- in case any of you have been sleeping for , say , the past two decades , or clinging to out-of-touch fashion magazines -- here 's an alert : Beauty is Serena Williams and Michelle Obama . Beauty is Angelina Jolie and Marissa Mayer . And yes , beauty is Nina Davuluri , Miss America 2014 . Women 's beauty can not be debated or dictated by others . So in tribute to women across the globe , I celebrate your beautiful brown skin , your breathtaking Bollywood dance skills , and the hard work that I 'm sure you put in , not only to earn top grades and graduate from the University of Michigan with a degree in brain behavior and cognitive science , but to become the first Indian-American woman to take home the tiara . I love it . The beauty pageant circuit is a tough act , as I learned early from my fleeting experiences as a teen who participated in several pageants . Do n't laugh , that college scholarship money is no joke . Back then , there were no other brown girls on the stage . No matter . My family and friends cheered me on and told me how beautiful I was -- and I had the audacity to believe them . Sadly , it was the talent portion that always sunk me . Painting and poetry-writing just did n't cut it as a stage act . Lucky for me , I found journalism , but those pageants helped give me the confidence to believe that I could share the stage with anyone . Miss America , I hope you use your crown and platform well and that you have the courage to amplify the voices of those women and girls back in your ancestral home , India , who are valiantly fighting for full equality and the right to live without fear of the brutal sexual violence that plagues that nation . You are not the first woman of color to take the crown . It was 30 years ago that Vanessa Williams became the first black Miss America . Seven other black women and one Asian woman have won since then . And most went on to successful careers . But whenever this happens , those pesky bigots climb out of their caves to rant and rave and spew their ignorance about why it 's not fair . Ignore them . Former Miss California : How do we teach kids diversity is beautiful ? Clearly , those divergent voices -- and I admit there are many -- failed even the most basic fourth-grade geography lesson and likely could n't even find India on a map , which is why they mistakenly think you are Arab . Perhaps they have you confused with Rima Fakih , a Lebanese immigrant from Dearborn , Michigan , who in 2010 was the first Arab-American to win the Miss USA pageant . Must be hard keeping up with a changing world when you 've spent so much time trying to ignore and reject all those people who look different from you . According to the 2010 U.S. Census , there are 3.2 million people of Asian Indian descent living in the United States . Their median income for 2010 was $ 90,711 . In fact , Indians surpassed Filipinos as the nation 's second-largest Asian population , after Chinese , the data show . Still , some people will never accept that it is families like yours that are helping to make America a stronger nation . Do n't let them distract you on your journey . Sounds like you 're on the right track : "  I 'm so happy this organization has embraced diversity , " you said , according to The Associated Press . "  I 'm thankful there are children watching at home who can finally relate to a new Miss America . " Asked about the negativity , you said , "  I have to rise above that . I always viewed myself as first and foremost American . " Use those haters to inspire you reach your dream to become a cardiologist , Ms. Davuluri . Reject voices that would try to define and limit you . Reject the magazine covers and fashion gurus , who may understand how to design and sell a pretty dress but have no clue about what defines a woman 's beauty , as evidenced by the consistent and blatant lack of diversity on the runways during Fashion Weeks both here and abroad . Reject the critics -- men and women -- who bash women like television personality Julie Chen for getting plastic surgery after being told by her bosses nearly 20 years ago that her Asian eyes would hurt her career . Chen made her choice back then , and brava for her for starting a public debate now about Asian beauty standards . Today , Chen looks wonderful -- hard to tell from a 20-year-old photo if she had grown to be a natural beauty with her original face . But I , for one , want to live in a world where grown women have the right to decide what is best our careers and our bodies . Was it an awful message to give women in the workplace ? Yes . But it 's no different from the countless occasions throughout my career that I 've witnessed women being told that they are too fat , too black or too Latina to succeed . In my first television job , the news director told me that I should study Diane Sawyer 's look and voice in order to be better at my job -- like I was ever going to look like Diane . Thank goodness Oprah came along . Media is a tough career where regardless of your talent , looks really are still everything -- especially for us women . And to be fair , I 've known more than a few men who 've gone under the knife or tried extreme diets just to keep their faces in front of the camera . But to succeed , we must deal with it ; work to improve the environment for the women behind us , and move on with our lives . There 's room on the stage for all types of beauty . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones : Indian-American Miss America a reminder of universality of American beauty She says these days everyone knows it , even though haters and runway fashion culture lag She says proud Indian-American Nina Davuluri could help draw attention to sex assault in India Jones : Women , like Julie Chen , who changed eyes for TV , can embrace any beauty they want
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A NATO airstrike on a pair of hijacked fuel trucks early Friday in northern Afghanistan killed at least 90 people -- a mix of Taliban militants and civilians , NATO and provincial officials said . A victim of an ISAF airstrike on a hijacked oil tanker is carried into the Kunduz hospital on Friday . Capt. Elizabeth Mathias of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , also known as ISAF , said the military believed there were no civilians near the trucks at the time of the attack . NATO learned afterward that was not the case . "  Based on what we know , there were civilians there , " Mathias said . Local Afghan officials were quoted as saying in some news reports that nearly half the people killed in the airstrike were civilians who rushed the fuel trucks . Mathias declined to confirm those numbers . Investigators are trying to determine who was at the site and whether a mistake was made , Mathias said . She said a local NATO team is already in Kunduz province conducting an investigation with Afghan forces and another team from the central office is on its way . Watch more about the airstrikes " "  Because of the prevalence of reports of civilian casualties , we do n't want to be seen as ignoring the situation , " Mathias said . "  We do n't want to wait . If something happened , we want to apologize . " Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , is following the investigation , his public affairs officer , Lt. Col. Tadd Sholtis , said in an e-mail . "  He takes the possible loss of any innocent life seriously , and while he will not rush to judgment on the facts , he is following the investigation very closely , " Sholtis said . Brigadier General Eric Tremblay released a statement that said , "  ISAF will do whatever is necessary to help the community , including medical assistance and evacuation as requested . ISAF regrets any unnecessary loss of human life , and is deeply concerned for the suffering that this action may have caused to our Afghan friends . " See images of the strike aftermath " Afghan President Hamid Karzai said he was "  deeply saddened " by the deaths and reiterated that no civilians should be killed or injured in anti-terrorist military operations . Sholtis said McChrystal "  has been in touch with President Karzai and leadership of the major ministries on the incident . " Karzai 's office issued a statement saying he had ordered a delegation to the area to investigate the incident and report back to him as soon as possible . The delegation includes representatives of the Ministry of Interior Affairs , National Directorate of Security , and the Provincial Administrative Department , according to the statement . A spokesman for the provincial governor , Mahboobullah Sayeedi , said more than 90 people were killed . The fuel trucks were hijacked late Thursday in Kunduz province and were spotted several hours later on the banks of the Kunduz River , ISAF said . The hijacked vehicles became stuck in the Chardara area of the Ali Abaad district while trying to cross the river , according to Sayeedi . Militants had commandeered the trucks , which were carrying fuel for NATO forces , he said . People tried to empty fuel from the tankers when they could n't go any farther . With the trucks stuck on the riverbank , the German commander of the NATO forces called in the airstrike around 2:30 a.m. , the German military said . No German soldiers or planes were involved in the airstrike , but a German patrol made it to the site about 10 hours after the attack and came under small-arms fire , the German military said . The patrol continued its investigation Friday afternoon . CNN 's Chris Lawrence , Ingrid Formanek and Wahid Mayar contributed to this report	NEW : Top U.S. commander in country is following the investigation , an aide says Death toll from NATO airstrike on oil tankers in northern part of country exceeds 90 Local Afghan officials quoted as saying many civilians were killed in the attack Target of attack was two fuel trucks that had been hijacked by militants
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected U.S. drone strike in Pakistan 's tribal region killed four suspected militants Monday , Pakistani intelligence officials told CNN . Two intelligence officials said the suspected drone fired two missiles at a vehicle carrying militants in the Mir Ali area of North Waziristan , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan . The intelligence officials asked not to be named because they were not authorized to speak to the media . Based on a count by the CNN Islamabad bureau , Monday 's suspected drone strike was the 27th this year compared with 111 in all of 2010 . It was the latest in a spate of suspected drone attacks that the United States has carried out in Pakistan since U.S. forces killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in the early morning hours of May 2 . The recent increase , however , probably is not due to intelligence gained from bin Laden 's compound , Bill Roggio , a military affairs analyst and editor of the Long War Journal , has said . "  What has happened since the bin Laden raid is that the U.S. has not felt pressured to dial back the attacks due to Pakistani sensibilities , " he said . On Sunday protesters in Pakistan held a sit-in near the country 's main port in Karachi , demanding an end to U.S. drone strikes . The United States does not officially acknowledge drone attacks in Pakistan , but it is the only country operating in the region with the capacity to carry out such strikes . It was once widely believed that the program had the tacit approval and cooperation of Pakistan 's intelligence agency . CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	It is the latest in a spate of suspected drone attacks since Osama bin Laden 's death Intelligence officials say a suspected drone fired on a vehicle in North Waziristan North Waziristan is one of seven districts in Pakistan 's volatile tribal region
Zhouqu County , China  CNN  -- Our journey started with a 16-hour drive , most of it on windy , rugged mountain roads . But we could only drive so far . As we hiked the last four kilometers to the landslide , we passed villagers trekking out single file . Most were carrying their lives on their back , some with a child on their hip , even a few people were barefoot . Then we started seeing bodies , body after dead body , wrapped in blankets on makeshift stretchers . Some were carried by soldiers , some by villagers , all headed to the morgue , a parking lot designated on the side of the road . That night , I settled in for an uneasy sleep in the car with my producer Wen-Chun Fan and photographer Brad Olson , knowing it was just a preview of the devastation we would witness . After crisscrossing floodwaters , and dodging goat carcasses and mudflows , we reached the site of the actual slide . Several stories of mud and rock stretched down from the mountain that had unleashed this fury . In every direction were soldiers heaving stone after stone and families digging with picks , shovels and their bare hands . The biggest hazard was the sludge , which Wen-Chun Fan dubbed "  quick-mud . " If we stepped in the wrong spot , we could easily be swallowed up . There was heavy machinery stranded in the deep mud . We carefully navigated a network of stones and unsteady planks to reach the survivors . One woman said she was digging for a family of eight . A couple lost their parents and two sons . Another man told us he lost everyone and did n't even have a pair of chopsticks to eat with . After we finished a series of live shots , the sun seemed to get hotter . Our heavy bags , filled with gear and supplies , seemed heavier . We ran out of water . One woman offered me a sip of her water , apparently the only bottle she had . When I refused , she tore off a piece of the cardboard box she was sitting on and handed it to me . She did n't have a home and had probably lost a few family members , but she wanted to make sure I 'd have a place to sit . Sitting down was a relief , but it gave me too much time to think , look around and stare at the faces of these people who had lost so much . Every so often , rescuers would reach another dead body and family members would break out in a chorus of wails and screams . Then we heard screams of what may be called joy . A team of People 's Liberation Army  PLA  soldiers had found signs of life . They pulled a 52-year-old disabled man from the wreckage . He had been trapped for 60 hours . I could n't see his face , but I saw him move , and knew he was alive . The celebration was brief . It was the only successful rescue that day . The next day we thought we might have already seen the worst , until we arrived at Yueyuan village , or what was left of it . The entire village was smothered beneath a sweeping mud plain . There was barely any evidence that three hundred homes once stood there . Some people did n't know exactly where to start . One man said he thought he was digging into his brother 's bedroom , but still had found no evidence of a structure . Another man , Mr. Li , had already found his wife 's body , but was still looking for the remains of his two sons . He drew a map for us , room by room , speculating about where they might have been when the landslide happened . A pile of blankets , bowls and a lamp shade were all he had left . He said he had n't been able to bury his wife yet - the town had run out of coffins . It was a journey filled with images we would all rather forget but will probably always remember . When we passed the morgue two days later , many bodies had been partially unwrapped by family members hoping to find their loved ones .	"  The we started seeing bodies , body after dead body , " Emily Chang A 52-year-old man was pulled out alive after being trapped for 60 hours Over 300 homes were buried in Yueyuan village
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor reached another emotional peak Wednesday as jurors heard a recording of Jackson , using slow and slurred speech , telling Dr. Conrad Murray , "  I hurt , you know , I hurt . " A photograph of Jackson lying dead on a hospital gurney was later projected onto a large screen in the courtroom , a vivid reminder to jurors of why they will listen to a least a month of testimony in Dr. Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial . While the court camera feed focused on the disturbing image for just five seconds -- the result of a earlier decision to minimize public exposure to such shocking images -- it was displayed on a large screen in front of the jury for about two minutes . Forensic computer expert Stephen Marx , who found the audio file on Murray 's iPhone , said it was recorded on May 10 , 2009 , when Jackson was preparing for his "  This Is It " concerts set for London two months later . Prosecutors , who played a clip of the stunning audio in their opening statement last week , let the jury hear the entire recording in Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial Wednesday . "  Elvis did n't do it . Beatles did n't do it . We have to be phenomenal , " Jackson said . "  When people leave this show , when people leave my show , I want them to say , ` I 've never seen nothing like this in my life . Go . Go . I 've never seen nothing like this . Go . It 's amazing . He 's the greatest entertainer in the world . ' I 'm taking that money , a million children , children 's hospital , the biggest in the world , Michael Jackson Children 's Hospital . Going to have a movie theater , game room . " In the portion never before heard in court , Jackson talked about his life and concern for children : "  Children are depressed . The -- in those hospitals , no game room , no movie theater . They 're sick because they 're depressed . Their mind is depressing them . I want to give them that . I care about them , them angels . God wants me to do it . God wants me to do it . I 'm going to do it , Conrad . " Another voice , which the prosecutor said was Murray 's , is heard saying , "  I know you would . " "  Do n't have enough hope , no more hope , " Jackson said . "  That 's the next generation that 's going to save our planet , starting with -- we 'll talk about it . United States , Europe , Prague , my babies . They walk around with no mother . They drop them off , they leave -- a psychological degradation of that . They reach out to me : ` Please take me with you . ' " At the end , Jackson said he was "  going to do that for them . " "  That will be remembered more than my performances . My performances will be up there helping my children and always be my dream . I love them . I love them because I did n't have a childhood . I had no childhood . I feel their pain . I feel their hurt . I can deal with it . ` Heal the World , ' ` We Are the World , ' ` Will You Be There , ' ` The Lost Children . ' These are the songs I 've written because I hurt , you know , I hurt . " His brother Jermaine Jackson wiped tears from his eyes as he listened in court . Deputy District Attorney David Walgren said in his opening statement that Jackson was "  highly under the influences of unknown agents " when Murray recorded Jackson . Another recording found on Murray 's phone and played in court Wednesday was a voice mail from Frank Dileo , who was Jackson 's last manager . Dileo 's message to Murray , left five days before Jackson 's death , suggested that he "  get a blood test " from Jackson because "  we 've got to see what he 's doing . " He referred to "  an episode " Jackson had at a rehearsal the night before . "  He 's sick , " Dileo said . Concert producer Kenny Ortega testified about Jackson 's illness in the first day of the trial , which he wrote about in an e-mail sent about the same time Dileo was leaving his phone message . "  He appeared quite weak and fatigued this evening , " Ortega wrote . "  He had a terrible case of the chills , was trembling , rambling and obsessing . Everything in me says he should be psychologically evaluated . " Jurors should also soon hear the full recording of Murray 's interview with Los Angeles police two days after Jackson 's death . Murray 's iPhone also contained e-mail attachments that appeared to be Jackson 's medical records sent by Murray 's office assistant to the doctor , who was gathering them for a British insurance agent who was arranging cancellation insurance for Jackson 's London concerts . The insurers were concerned about news reports that Jackson was seen "  at various times using a wheelchair " and that he suffered a back injury , lupus , emphysema and cancer , according to an e-mail from the agent to the doctor . Jackson refused to authorize the release of his medical records to the insurance company , Murray wrote back , but he added concerning the news reports of illnesses "  let me say they 're all fallacious to the best of my knowledge . " One record shown in court , kept under the alias "  Omar Arnold , " indicated that in September 2008 , Murray diagnosed Jackson with insomnia and anxiety . Files from the phone suggest Murray was dealing with the insurance agent 's request around the same time he said he was struggling to help Jackson go to sleep with sedatives . The prosecution wants to show jurors that Murray was distracted by a long list of phone calls and e-mails , causing him to neglect Jackson , who stopped breathing and died . Los Angeles County Coroner 's investigator Elissa Fleak testified Wednesday afternoon , showing jurors what she collected from Jackson 's bedroom . Fleak identified a saline bag that was cut open and an empty 100 ml propofol bottle inside . The prosecution alleges Murray used it as a makeshift IV drip to administer propofol to Jackson . The defense contends Murray gave Jackson just 25 ml of the drug and used a syringe to push it in . Twelve bottles of the surgical anesthetic propofol were found in the bedroom during her first search the day Jackson died , including an empty vial found on the floor next to the bed , Fleak said . Seven bottles of medications were on a nightstand next to the bed , including one with lorazepam pills prescribed by Murray to Jackson . Murray 's defense lawyers say Jackson caused his own death by swallowing eight lorazepam pills and orally ingesting propofol while Murray was out of the room . The coroner ruled that Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , was the result of "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with sedatives . Prosecutors argue that Murray , who was Jackson 's personal doctor as he prepared for planned comeback concerts , is criminally responsible for the singer 's death because of medical negligence and his reckless use of the propofol to help Jackson sleep . Earlier Wednesday , a medical supply sales representative testified that a Murray assistant "  raised a red flag " by asking that she ship an infusion IV set to a California residence , not his clinic . Seacoast Medical rep Sally Hirschberg testified that she refused the request and instead sent the supplies , which were apparently recovered from Jackson 's bedroom by investigators , to one of Murray 's clinics . Murray trial : No fist fights here Tuesday 's testimony by the trio of Murray 's girlfriends also delivered drama . Cocktail waitress Sade Anding , who dated Murray after they met at a Houston steakhouse where she worked , described a phone call from Murray that prosecutors suggest is evidence of when the doctor realized there was a problem with Jackson . Five or six minutes into the call , which began at 11:51 a.m. the day Jackson died , Anding realized that Murray was not listening to her . "  I said ` Hello , hello , are you there ? ' " Anding testified . She said that when she pressed her cell phone against her ear , "  I heard the mumbling of voices ... and I heard coughing , and nobody answered . " Anding hung up the phone about three minutes later , she said . The interruption , which prosecutors said was probably when Murray noticed his patient was not breathing , would have come around 11:57 a.m. , about 10 minutes before the time chef Kai Chase said Murray ran down the stairs to ask her to call for help . The prosecution says that one reason Murray is criminally responsible for Jackson 's death is because phone calls and text messages to these women , other patients and employees at his clinics caused him to ignore his patient while administering dangerous drugs . Nicole Alvarez , 29 , who has a 2-year-old son fathered by Murray , delivered animated testimony Tuesday that suggested she was starstruck by Michael Jackson , whom she met several times with Murray . "  I was speechless when I met him , " Alvarez testified . "  I could n't believe I was meeting Michael Jackson . " Her testimony was important because it was her apartment where a Las Vegas pharmacy shipped 255 bottles of propofol -- totaling more than four gallons -- and 80 bottles of liquid sedatives that prosecutors say Murray ordered for Jackson . The prosecution also asked her about a phone call Murray placed to her from the ambulance while on the way to the hospital with Jackson . "  I remember him telling me that he was on the way to the hospital in the ambulance with Mr. Jackson and for me not to be alarmed , " Alvarez said . "  He did n't want me to be worried , because he knew I would learn this through the news . " On Monday , the emergency room doctor who declared Jackson dead testified that there was no way doctors could have revived the pop icon after he arrived at the hospital . If convicted of involuntary manslaughter , Murray could spend four years in a California prison and lose his medical license .	NEW : Photo of Michael Jackson 's body on gurney shown to jury Jurors hear full recording of Jackson with slow , slurred speech Depressed children "  reach out to me , " Jackson tells Dr. Conrad Murray "  God wants me to do it , I 'm going to do it , Conrad , " Jackson says in recording
CNN  -- If you 're scared of heights , then this is not for you . But for those who love an adrenaline buzz , then "  step into the void " -- a suspended glass cube with a transparent bottom overlooking the Alps . But it 's not for the fainthearted -- there 's a drop of over 3,300 feet  1,000 meters  . A rival to the London Shard , which stands at 1,017 feet  310 meters  and offers a 360-degree view of the city , it is the latest piece of architecture to attract thousands of tourists . Designed by Pierre-Yves Chays , the structure is inspired by "  The Skywalk , " a huge glass walkway overlooking the Grand Canyon in the U.S. state of Arizona . Perched at the top of the 12,600-foot  3,842-meter  Aiguille du Midi peak near Chamonix , France , it gives a view of Mont Blanc which had previously only been attainable by skiing . "  I do n't know if I can do it , " were the first words to flash into the mind of Mathieu Dechavanne , the man who helped create the attraction . After three years of development , Compagnie Mont Blanc , the firm which operates the ski lifts and attractions in the area , has created a structure made from three layers of tempered glass which can withstand winds of up to 200 kilometers an hour . The stupendous view captures the highest peaks in France , Italy and Switzerland , as well as the biggest glaciers in Europe . "  The original idea was to create something even bigger to cross from one end to another , " Dechavanne , general manager of Compagnie Mont Blanc , told CNN . "  One of the main conditions we had was that the design fitted in with the environment of the site . "  If that was n't possible , we wanted to do something to allow the visitor to step into the shoes of a mountaineer . "  We wanted people to understand what was going on at altitude . From the void , you can see people climbing and making their way up the mountain . "  You can also try to climb if you want but if you want the sensation of what it 's like at the top then try this transparent box and you can gain a real experience . " While the view may be enough to send shivers down the spine , the journey to the very top might leave a few feeling queasy . To get to the top , patrons must brave a cable car ride which takes them 8,858 feet  2,700 meters  up the side of the mountain . Once that 's been completed , it 's on board a second cable car for the final 4,790 feet  1,460 meters  to ascend to the peak . "  The view is fantastic , " added Dechavanne . "  The beauty is that the void is beneath the feet but the impact on the brain comes from the transparency of the glass . " "  It 's not like walking in the street , but this gives the impression to people of what it 's like on the mountain . " To compare how "  The Void " compares to other viewing structures around the world , Toronto 's CN Tower -- named one of the modern world 's Seven Wonders by the American Society of Civil Engineers in 1995 -- is 1,815 feet  553 meters  tall and its highest platform is at 1,465 feet  447 meters  . It has since been overtaken by Shanghai 's World Financial Center , which has an observation deck at 1,555 feet  474 meters  , and Guangzhou 's Canton Tower  1,601 feet , 488 meters  . In 2012 , the tallest hotel in the world was opened in Dubai -- the Marquis , standing at 1,164 feet  355 meters  tall -- while its owner Marriott recently unveiled its newest property in New York . The Residence Inn consists of 68 floors and stands at 750 feet  228 meters  -- making it the tallest hotel in the U.S.	"  Step into the Void " is a glass room built around a metal frame in mountains Structure installed at Aiguille du Midi peak above Chamonix in French Alps It can withstand winds of more than 220 kph Visitors can take a 20-minute ride to the top in a cable car
CNN  -- Two U.N. World Food Programme workers and a third colleague from a local agency were shot to death in Somalia Friday , the organization said . The trio was attacked in Mataban town in Hiban Province in central Somalia , United Nations spokesman Martin Nesirky said . The World Food Program said its two slain employees were Muhyedin Yarrow and Mohamed Salad . The third victim , Abdulahi Ali , worked for Doyale , one of agency 's partners . The incident illustrates the risks that humanitarian workers can face working in dangerous and difficult environments , Nesirky said . The aid workers were part of a mission in the area that was monitoring food distribution and camps for internally displaced people . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called "  on authorities to ensure the safety of humanitarian workers , " a spokesperson said . "  He expects those responsible to be swiftly brought to justice . " The alleged shooter reportedly gave himself up and was arrested , the agency said . World Food Programme operations in Mataban have been suspended while the case is investigated . "  WFP condemns the killing of people who devote their lives to helping others and extends its deepest condolences to the families of the victims , " the agency said in a statement . Yarrow , 54 , had worked for the agency for 13 years , and Salad , 28 , joined the organization two years ago , it said .	NEW : The names of the victims are released Two victims were from the U.N. 's World Food Programme The third victim worked for a local aid agency
Rome  CNN  As the dust settles after Italy 's high court ruled on Friday to overturn the latest guilty verdicts for Amanda Knox , 27 , and her former Italian boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito , 31 , in the 2007 murder of Meredith Kercher , many questions still linger in the case . Knox and Sollecito were tried together and convicted of murder by two separate courts . But now they are free now , forever cleared . There wo n't be any civil trials like in the O.J. Simpson case because , according to Italian penal code , Italy 's high court decision is final across all courts in the country . According to Italian lawyer Nicola Canestrini , who works on extradition and criminal cases between Italy and other countries , "  The high court decision is seen as the truth for the whole system . " What now for the Kerchers ? Francesco Maresca , lawyer for the Kercher family , told CNN that his clients are disappointed with the final ruling . "  We expected more from the Italian judicial system , " he said . "  This is a failure to find justice for Meredith . " Maresca says the Kerchers could try to appeal to the European Court of Human Rights and argue that Italy failed to find those culpable of killing their beloved daughter and sister but they have yet to make that decision . "  If they think Italy has n't fulfilled the duty , they could sue Italy , " Canestrini told CNN . Such a claim could be made based on the final conviction handed down to Rudy Guede , a man from the Ivory Coast who was convicted for his role in Kercher 's murder in 2008 in a fast-track trial that is still under seal . When the high court ruled definitively on his case in 2010 , they wrote explicitly in their reasoning that he was one of three assailants but did not name who they were . Knox and Sollecito both spent four years in prison during their initial trial and first appeal . They applied to Italy 's high court to be put under house arrest but because Knox was a foreigner and deemed a flight risk , they were both denied . Sollecito may now have cause to sue Italy for false imprisonment . Italy pays around $ 12 million every year for locking up people who are later cleared of charges , according to Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi who is introduced measures to reform the judicial system . But , Canestrini says if Sollecito at any time lied to investigators before he was arrested , he may forfeit his right to reimbursement for being held . Sollecito changed his story more than once before finally settling on an alibi with Knox , so a legal battle could focus on whether anything he told investigators led directly to his arrest . Canestrini also says that Knox could potentially sue Italy for one year of false imprisonment , but because she admittedly lied to investigators early on which led to her arrest , she would likely not have much of a case . "  Because she initially admitted to a role in the crime , she would n't likely win . If a suspect lies to investigators before they are arrested , it is difficult to prove they were falsely imprisoned , " Canestrini says . In one of her initial interrogations in 2007 , she told investigators she was in the house when Kercher was killed at which time she accused Patrick Lumumba , her boss at a pub where she worked , of the murder . She later recanted that statement , but Lumumba spent two weeks in prison because of her false claim . In 2013 , Italy 's high court ruled definitively on a slander charge against her for the false accusation and upheld a three-year prison term and ordered her to pay Lumumba $ 40,000 euro . Knox 's lawyer Carlo Dalla Vedova told CNN that Knox does n't feel any revenge or resentment towards Italy . In fact , he said she will go back one day . "  This has been an nightmare for her , so we finally got the right decision , " he said . "  We always thought this was the only decision possible . " Sollecito 's lawyers were equally pleased with the outcome . "  The verdict that we just received does n't prove us partly right , It proves us completely right , " Giulia Bongiorno told reporters outside the court . "  There were two possible verdicts :  One was to  overturn this verdict , but go back to it later . Instead , the overturn is without any referral . Among all the possible and imaginable overturning options , this is the one which says "  be advised , we wo n't ever even make the hypothesis of an implication of Raffaele Sollecito in this case ever . Enough , enough , enough . " Knox , too , made her own statement from her mother 's home in Seattle after hearing the news . She thanked all those who supported her innocence , and said she needed to take time to digest what being free really means . When asked if she had a message to the Kerchers about their daughter , she said , "  She deserved so much in this life . I 'm the lucky one . "	Knox and Sollecito were tried together and convicted of murder , but now cleared Family of victim Meredith Kercher "  expected more from the Italian judicial system " Knox 's lawyer says Knox does n't feel any revenge or resentment towards Italy
London  CNN  -- Kate Middleton 's name is on a "  target evaluation " list prosecutors say was written by a private investigator who is one of the accused in Britain 's phone hacking trial . The Crown Prosecution Service  CPS  released a scanned copy of the handwritten document , which it said was referred to as evidence during the trial at London 's Old Bailey court Tuesday . Former editors at the now-defunct UK tabloid News of the World , Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson , are accused of conspiring between October 2000 and August 2006 "  to intercept communications in the course of their transmission , without lawful authority . " Former employees Stuart Kuttner , Greg Miskiw , Ian Edmondson , Neville Thurlbeck and James Weatherup are accused with them . Specifically , the charge asserts that they listened to "  voice mail messages of well-known people . " The list , which the CPS said came from private investigator Glenn Mulcaire 's notes , is headed "  target evaluation . " The 18 names include Kate Middleton -- now Duchess of Cambridge -- royal aide Jamie Lowther Pinkteron , celebrity public relations representative Max Clifford , and actress Angelina Jolie 's former stunt double , Eunice Huthart . Six of the names on the list are redacted . The CPS said this was due to privacy issues . "  Given the specific nature of this case , we must also consider the potential for repeat victimization of not only those involved in this case , but other possible victims , who may have also been the targets of phone-hacking , " it said . As well as being accused of conspiring to intercept communications , Brooks , Coulson , Kuttner , Miskiw , Thurlbeck and Mulcaire face an additional charge of intercepting the voice mail messages of British schoolgirl Milly Dowler , who went missing and was later found dead in 2002 . Brooks , her husband , Charlie Brooks , and a former personal assistant also face a separate set of charges of conspiring to obstruct the police investigation into phone hacking . They were charged in May 2012 , along with Brooks ' former driver , a security guard and members of security staff from News International -- the then parent company of News of the World -- with attempting to pervert the course of justice . The hacking scandal prompted British Prime Minister David Cameron to set up an independent inquiry , led by Lord Justice Leveson , to make recommendations on journalistic ethics and examine the relationship of the press with the public , police and politicians . The trial continues . Read more : UK media abuzz as trial reveals Coulson-Brooks affair	UK prosecutors on the phone hacking trial release a "  target evaluation " list They say it was written by accused private investigator Glenn Mulcaire The list includes Kate Middleton and other well-known figures
CNN  -- You know things in Chicago are bad when 70 murders in the first quarter can be seen as a good thing . But context is everything : Last year at this time there had been more than 120 murders , so I guess we should thank God for small favors . It seems inconceivable that the city President Barack Obama calls home is also the city where his family may be least safe . Just this Monday a 15-year-old boy was found shot dead in a backyard only four blocks from the president 's house . What 's responsible for the bloodshed ? Gang violence , as usual . Police estimate that of the 532 murders in 2012 -- nearly 1.5 a day -- about 80 percent were gang related . And yet , despite that rather staggering statistic , the national outcry is muted at best -- nothing , to say the least , like the kind we saw last week in Boston . What is it about the word "  gang " that brings out the apathy in us ? Would we view Chicago differently if we called the perpetrators something else ? In Chicago , nurses dodge bullets to provide care I 'm not saying the people of Boston do not deserve our sympathy ; they do . Nor am I suggesting the apprehension of Boston terror suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was not essential . But how do we explain our habit of greeting terrorists with 24-hour news coverage and relentless wrath while overlooking the gangs that terrorize our streets daily -- as if terrorism were only an enemy state and not a concept . The murder numbers may be slightly better in Chicago , but they do not fully communicate the city 's state of siege . In February CNN reported that some children living in gang-ridden parts of the city carry guns because , to them , getting caught and serving time for possession of a gun is better than getting caught without one and dying . Last month , city officials announced the closure of 54 "  under-resourced " schools , which will force some kids to walk across warring gang territory to get to school . For example , in the seven blocks between George Manierre Elementary and Jenner Elementary there are three gangs fighting over territory : Black P Stones , Conservative Vice Lords and Gangster Disciples . Kids and guns : ` These are not isolated tragedies ' If it all sounds scary , it 's only because it is . And if the name attached to all of this violence were al-Qaeda instead of Gangster Disciples ; or if instead of "  gang violence " the bloodshed were called "  terrorism ; " or if instead of calling the people spreading fear and mayhem gangs we were to call them what they really are -- terrorists -- the nation would demand more be done . After all , if children are afraid to walk to school because they might get killed or if residents are afraid to identify perpetrators for fear of retaliation , I think it 's safe to say they are being terrorized . What seems like a linguistic shell game is really an exercise in empathy . The thought of elementary school kids walking across areas of a city controlled by three terrorist groups becomes unacceptable to everyone , not just their parents . Hearing that 25 Chicagoans were shot in one weekend becomes a threat to national security , and not just the mayor 's problem . The story of 15-year-old Hadiya Pendleton , who was caught in the crossfire of a turf war days after performing during the presidential inauguration , was of interest briefly but her story has since faded . She , too , died just a few blocks from the Obama 's home . Jonylah Watkins , a 6-month-old girl , was shot in March while sitting on the lap of her father , Jonathan , the intended target and a gang member . Opinion : Chicago 's violence took my dad , friends Last week , millions watched as an entire city was shut down to look for one guy . Every major news station was covering the pursuit of one guy . We all know the face and relatives of this one guy . And it 's all because he is an alleged terrorist . But more American were murdered in the south and west sides of Chicago than there were U.S. servicemen killed in Afghanistan last year , and yet for some reason we do n't view those neighborhoods as terrorized . Last week , Abdella Ahmad Tounisi was arrested at O'Hare Airport because the FBI believed he was on his way to Syria to join a terrorist organization . Tounisi reportedly thought he was in contact with a recruiter for a jihadist militant group , but it was actually an FBI agent . I would love to see the FBI 's anti-terrorism resources used in that matter to stop would-be gang members from flooding the streets of the country 's third-largest city . Maybe Cornelius German , the boy found dead down the street from Obama 's house , would still be alive . Maybe Pendleton , who was playing in a park with her friends , would still be alive . Maybe Watkins , who was sitting on her father 's lap , would have had a chance to live . Their deaths would n't be considered "  Chicago 's problem " if authorities suspected terrorists were involved . But it 's "  gang-related , " so ... The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : First quarter of 2013 saw 70 murders in Chicago He asks why are n't gangs treated like terrorists ? They do damage like terrorists in Boston He says children are unsafe , in terror because they must cross gang territory for school Granderson : Where is the urgency to fight such violence ?
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is the broadband television network of VICE . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- In this installment of the Vice Guide to Film , VBS co-founder Shane Smith travels to Russia to meet the pioneers of one of the most peculiar experimental film movements in history : Parallel Cinema . The genre marries Soviet avant-garde agitprop filmmaking  black and white , silent , odd angles , extreme closeups , rapid fire editing of good Soviets at work  with something called "  Necro-realism , " a movement spearheaded by filmmaker Yvegny Yufit and consisting of very weird gay male zombie flicks that feature fat bald men having sex and eating each other 's brains . It was meant to be a comment on the impending fall of the Soviet system and the decadence of the apparatchiks in charge . It grew to become much more . While Russia is known for its experimental works of the 1920s -- auteurs like Dziga Vertov and Sergei Eisenstein spring to mind -- this freedom of expression ended when Stalin took power . For 60 years , Russian film was dominated by the drab , state-approved imagery of Socialist realism . This genre was defined by stark scenes of the proletariat soldiering and toiling diligently over the land . Making movies outside this milieu meant that the film-lovers , artists , actors and rock musicians who collaborated to create it were risking life and limb at the hands of the KGB . But when the Soviet Union collapsed , the threat of its primary intelligence agency diminished and Russian filmmakers began to unleash six decades of pent-up creative energy . The films that emerged were an insane mish-mash of booze , violence , surrealism and insanity . Parallel Cinema was born . Watch the rest of Russian Parallel Cinema at VBS.TV For this episode , Shane journeys to Moscow and St. Petersburg to meet several of the surviving founders of Parallel Cinema and Necro-realism , many of whom are today extremely successful commercial producers and directors . In fact , a few of them now run some of the country 's key networks and continue to make films . Shane manages to uncover this fascinating underground art community and finds that to this day the Parallel Cinema movement thrives . The devoted still have weekly Parallel screenings and events , and even put out a monthly film publication . Still , as he immerses himself in this unique film tradition , it becomes clear that , given Russian 's present volatility , it may not exist much longer .	VBS journalist meets pioneers of "  most peculiar " experimental film movement Genre born of freedom that came with collapse of Soviet Union Unique film tradition may not exist much longer given Russia 's present volatility
EW.com  -- There 's no denying the power of the romantic comedy , even if "  Valentine 's Day , " the movie , is as manufactured as the holiday itself . The all-star film grossed an estimated $ 52.4 million over three days and is likely to top $ 60 million by the time the Presidents Day holiday weekend is over . Its high-grossing debut -- the best ever for Presidents Day -- coupled with solid numbers from the other two new wide releases put 2010 's holiday frame into the record books with an estimated total gross of $ 193 million . "  Percy Jackson & The Olympians , " based on the popular kids ' book series by author Rick Riordan , earned an estimated $ 31.1 million for the three days while the R-rated horror remake "  Wolfman , " starring Benicio del Toro , grossed an estimated $ 30.6 million for a per-theater average of $ 9,497 . "  Avatar , " in its ninth weekend of release , grossed another $ 22 million , falling only 4 percent from its previous weekend and putting its total cume close to $ 660 million . Last weekend 's winner , "  Dear John , " dropped into fifth place for the frame . Losing 50 percent of its value , primarily off of "  Valentine 's Day " competition , the film earned $ 15.3 million . Its total stands at $ 53 million . These strong numbers from female-driven films have Hollywood noticing that women are strong drivers of box office . Expect a rash of female-starring films to be green lit in the near future as the industry realizes  yet again  that women love going to the movies . What a revelation ! See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Valentine 's Day " grossed an estimated $ 52.4 million over three days The film is likely to top $ 60 million by the time the Presidents Day holiday weekend is over In its 9th weekend of release , Avatar grossed another $ 22 million
CNN  -- Gay men who 've abstained from sex for one year would be able to donate blood in 2015 , ending a lifetime ban for the gay community , under a proposed FDA policy change unveiled Tuesday . The current lifetime ban by U.S. Food and Drug Administration states dates back to 1983 and forbids men who have had sex with men from becoming blood donors because the group is "  at increased risk for HIV , hepatitis B and certain other infections that can be transmitted by transfusion , " the FDA has ruled . But the FDA is now seeking a change in that policy and would allow such blood donations based on an independent expert advisory panel 's recommendation , the agency said . The proposed change would align the one-year deferral period "  with that of other men and women at increased risk for HIV infection , " the FDA said . The agency will be gathering public comments on the proposed change . "  We encourage all stakeholders to take this opportunity to provide any information the agency should consider , and look forward to receiving and reviewing these comments , " FDA Commissioner Margaret A. Hamburg said in a statement . The National Heart Lung and Blood Institute and the FDA would monitor a national blood surveillance system to see any effects of the proposed policy change and to ensure the continued safety of the blood supply , Hamburg said . "  A history of male-to-male sex is associated with an increased risk for exposure to and transmission of certain infectious diseases , including HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , " the FDA said . Men who have had sex with other men represent approximately 2 % of the U.S. population , yet are the population most severely affected by HIV , according to the FDA . In 2010 , male-to-male sex accounted for at least 61 % of all new HIV infections in the United States , and "  an estimated 77 % of diagnosed HIV infections among males were attributed to male-to-male sexual contact , " the FDA said .	Gay men who abstain from sex for one year may be able to give blood in 2015 The plan is now receiving public comments The proposal is recommended by an independent expert advisory panel The one-year deferral period would align with that of other men , women at HIV risk
