NEW YORK -- There 's no shortage of diners in New York City , but one of its most beloved will soon be taking up residence in Alabama . The Cheyenne Diner , which opened in 1940 in New York City , shut its doors in April 2008 . The Cheyenne Diner , which first opened in 1940 , was split in two Monday night to begin its move on a pair of flatbed trucks some 860 miles to its new home near Birmingham . The dining experience at the Cheyenne was typical of many similar New York eateries , where more often than not , you 're guaranteed a hearty meal at a comfortable price . After taking a seat in a roomy booth or even at the counter , you check out the flimsy paper placemat with innocuous historical information or a simplified map of the Greek Isles . A busboy places a glass of ice water on your table . Then it 's time to break out the reading glasses and flex those muscles to heft the always lengthy menu . While it may take you several minutes to sift through it , take comfort in knowing that you may actually burn some calories by lifting this bible of comfort food . Unlike the sometimes stuffy pretense of a formal restaurant , the diner experience is generally simple , while the food offerings are diverse -- from apple pie to baked ziti and everything in between . While never known as a bastion for fine dining , the Cheyenne saw brighter days before it unceremoniously closed on a chilly Sunday in April 2008 . Originally known as the Market Diner until its moniker was changed in 1986 , the pre-assembled restaurant stood as a rare classic definition of free-standing diners . Its streamlined , railcar-inspired design boasts a reverse-channel illuminated neon sign . Horizontal and vertical stainless steel strips border the colorful enamel panels and wrap-around windows on its facade . Celebrities from Jerry Lewis to David Letterman entered through its curved entryway lined with glass blocks . But , like a beloved baseball team whose owner has tossed in the towel , the Cheyenne is moving to a new town for a new life in a new home . The owner of the diner , George Papas , wanted to change the flavor of the block and replace the eatery with a multilevel condo building . Enter preservationist Michael Perlman , a 26-year-old patron saint of sorts for unwanted diners . Perlman found out that the Cheyenne was facing demolition and began to look for a guardian angel to save it . He connected with Alabama businessman Joel Owens , head of the investment group NAIC , who saw the Cheyenne for sale on a Web site devoted to the preservation of New York City structures and fell in love with its "  gorgeous structure . " "  I like it better each time I see it , " Owens said . "  The barrel roof . The exterior facades are second to none . I think it 's the most beautiful diner in the world . " Owens and his business associate , Patti Miller , have a grand vision for the diner and eventually want to incorporate it as part of an entertainment and historic area outside of Birmingham . Once it 's restored , which could take up to a year , the Cheyenne will become the first free-standing diner in Alabama , Owens said . A longtime collector of antique cars and Coca-Cola memorabilia , Owens is a firm believer in the lessons that can be learned from the past . "  If you think about what 's wrong with today , in order to fix the problems of today , you 've got to look back ... -LSB- to -RSB- when it was better , " Owens said . "  I think -LSB- the diner -RSB- is symbolic of the glory days . Technology and more money does n't necessarily mean progress . We long for simpler times , " he explained . "  These types of buildings can be an instrument for our youth to learn from the past . Teenagers need a clean environment for entertainment , a ` hang out . ' " The departure of the Cheyenne Diner brings back some bitter memories for aficionados of historic New York . The Moondance Diner encountered a similar fate in 2007 , after it was put up for sale by developers who purchased the land it was sitting on and planned to build a hotel . That summer , a couple from Wyoming found the Moondance 's sale notice on the American Diner Museum Web site . Perlman acted as a conduit there also , helping to broker the sale of the 1920s diner located in the SoHo section of Manhattan , which the couple planned to move to their home state . When news of the sale and move came out , the Pierces began to have some doubts . "  We 're quiet people , " said Cheryl Pierce , of La Barge , Wyoming . " -LSB- But -RSB- the media response has been a blessing as people have shown a keen interest . " Pierce and her husband paid $ 7,500 for the Moondance and ultimately invested $ 40,000 to move it more than 2,100 miles to La Barge , where it became a popular site in the town of 600 residents with few other restaurants . The barrel-roofed diner reopened on January 12 this year , complete with its original floor and window frames . Customers can sit at the old-fashioned soda fountain or on the outdoor patio in the summer . The menu contains the traditional diner fare -- burgers , fries and milk shakes -- but also caters to the local palate , with chicken fried steaks , ribeye steaks and prime rib . "  Business has been exceptional . We 've been able to hold our own , " said Pierce . "  We get a lot of people who take a detour to visit us . " She noted that it 's a lot of work , and a huge commitment , but said she and her husband "  have been blessed . " "  There 's never going to be another Moondance Diner , " she said . In response to critics who complain that historic pieces of New York City are being sold off , Pierce said that in the cases of old diners , "  to keep it alive , somewhere else is the best option , -LSB- rather -RSB- than seeing it demolished . We 've run into New Yorkers who are appreciative that we brought it back to life . " Owens is hoping that will be the case with the Cheyenne , which was loved as a no-frills refuge for comfort food on Manhattan 's desolate west side . But now it 's served up its last order in New York . And that last order was to go .	The Cheyenne Diner , opened in 1940 , moves to its new home by Birmingham Preservationist hooked up with Alabama businessman to save diner Businessman : Cheyenne will be the first free-standing diner in Alabama Celebrities from Jerry Lewis to David Letterman were seen in New York diner
Arieo Gonzalez had been waiting for an Xbox One since 1 p.m. Thursday . Brian Miller , in his own way , had been waiting since June . Both walked away from a Best Buy in Timonium , Maryland , early Friday with one of the newly released , next-generation gaming consoles from Microsoft . The box hit shelves a week after rival Sony 's PlayStation 4 , marking the official start of the latest battle in gaming 's console wars . Console smackdown ! PlayStation 4 vs. Xbox One Miller , 40 , who pre-ordered the Xbox One in June , said he loves everything Microsoft does . The Sparks , Maryland , resident prepared by playing his Xbox 360 "  into the ground " with his 8-year-old daughter , Laci . "  We play co-op all the time whenever there is a chance , " he said . "  I 'm picking up ` Ryse ' for myself . I 'm getting ` Just Dance ' for her . I ca n't wait to try out the new entertainment set up for it . " Arieo waited outside the store with his dad , Jose . The 13-year-old missed out on pre-ordering but did n't want to lose his chance for an Xbox One after making good grades in school and earning the right to get the console . "  I 've only played Xbox 360 and did n't have the Kinect , " Arieo said . "  This will be my first time , and I 'm really looking forward to using it . Xbox One On ! " The Xbox One , which sells for $ 499 , continues Microsoft 's move toward making the console not just a gaming device but a central entertainment hub , too . With the Kinect voice and motion controller , users can call out favorite television shows or movies , split the TV screen between two different applications , or even record and share their gameplay with friends . Marc Whitten , corporate vice president of Xbox Live , said it 's only the beginning of how Microsoft thinks people will use their consoles as home entertainment centers . "  One of the things that has been just so amazing for the Xbox One is the passion of the fans about play and Xbox Live , " Whitten told CNN in a pre-midnight interview . "  Everything we do is really about how we build new experiences for them . It 's awesome . " Whitten said Kinect , originally promoted as a tool for hands-free gaming , is increasingly becoming a focal point for the entire Xbox system . Jason Gelatka of Towson , Maryland , said the device is the biggest draw for him . "  It is more than just gaming . It is the multimedia experience , " he said . "  I 'm looking forward to just calling out my movie or pulling up Netflix with my voice . It is a giant universal remote control . " Gelatka also pre-ordered his console this summer . He and his friends treated the midnight launch like opening night of a sports season or Hollywood blockbuster . "  We 've been talking with each other , texting each other since we ordered . It really made the wait harder , " Gelatka said . "  Today was the longest day ever . " Crowds rivaling those for last week 's PlayStation 4 rollout lined up for the Xbox launch in 13 countries . In New York 's Times Square , a concert featuring hip-hop artist Macklemore was part of the launch event . Early controversies , including concerns about the ability to resell and share games on the system , did n't appear to have hurt the turnout . But Miller said he was a bit bummed about the lack of a selection of games for launch , and Gelatka agreed . "  The Day One lineup of games is not fantastic , " Gelatka said . "  I 'm confident though . They have n't reached their peak and better games are out there waiting to be made . Xbox has always listened to what I wanted . That 's why I 'm getting the Xbox One . "	Big crowds greet Xbox One 's midnight launch Microsoft 's new console aims to be central entertainment hub Launch comes a week after rival Sony 's PlayStation 4 release
CNN  -- Revered forecaster Punxsutawney Phil may have predicted six more weeks of winter , but the fashion world is looking ahead to another season : fall . Despite more impending snow and ice potentially impacting attendees ' footwear flair , New York Fashion Week will take place February 6-13 . See all of CNN Living 's New York Fashion Week coverage Fall 2014 will be all about Americana and wild , wild West inspiration with fringe scarves , frayed edges , equestrian-inspired boots and blanket coats leading the charge , says Sheila Aimette of fashion forecaster WGSN , the official trend sponsor of the biannual Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week . The season 's street sense will be inspired by the audacious avenues of Nashville and Austin , Texas , says Aimette .  Chanel 's MÃ © tiers d'Art collection for 2013/2014 even took place at Fair Park in Dallas  . On a similar wavelength , Aimette expects a rise in heritage fabrics like plaid , houndstooth and gingham , but re-colored in bright hues . This gives way to the bigger androgynous trend of decorated menswear-inspired shoes , oversized sweaters and tailored sportswear . Meanwhile , the spring crop top trend is traveling south : we 'll see more cropped pants come fall . "  Crop tops are moving towards more boxy tops , " says Aimette , citing higher waisted pants paired with short but not midriff-baring blouses . "  The seasons are becoming less about weather-related clothing and more about key items a woman needs for her lifestyle , " said Joyann King , Harper 's BAZAAR Digital Director . King says this includes "  a wardrobe of coats to lust after . " The sportswear trend will continue but not dominate the ensemble ; instead , athletic styling will be used to accent distinctively feminine pieces . Michael Kors paired sneakers with skinny brocade pants in his pre-fall collection . The counterintuitive pairings do n't mean that buyers will abandon their feminine privy toward timeless elegance : Pearls as both jewelry and detailing on dress backs and collars will be the envy of every Hepburn-inspired fashionista . As for the palette , Aimette says there will be an onslaught of teal and berry tones that are anchored by traditional colors of caramel , gunmetal and navy . Check back with CNN Living 's #NYFW coverage throughout the week to see if the forecast is on point . And , follow Sarah LeTrent on Twitter and Instagram for live dispatches from New York Fashion Week .	Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week is February 6-13 in New York City The designer collections will showcase looks for fall 2014 Forecasters predict houndstooth , plaid and gingham prints will be big in fall Western style is making a comeback , with fringe and blanket coats leading the charge
CNN  -- Accusing local media in the Orlando , Florida , area of a "  barrage " of coverage , Casey Anthony 's lead defense attorney asked Monday to have her death-penalty case moved from Orlando to Miami , Florida . Casey Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter Caylee . "  The overwhelming majority of the media 's coverage of this case has been negative for the defendant , " says a defense motion filed in Orange County Circuit Court . Anthony , 23 , is scheduled to go on trial on a first-degree murder charge in the death of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee . "  The effects of the inflammatory and negative aspect of the media coverage in this case is best witnessed in the violent and harassing protests which have dogged the defendant and her family for many months now , " the motion says . Signed by Anthony 's lead lawyer , Jose Baez , the motion says moving the trial far enough away from local media will "  not end the coverage , " which Baez said has produced thousands of articles and TV news reports , but will "  have a chilling effect " on coverage . Peter Odom , a defense attorney appearing Monday on HLN 's Nancy Grace to provide analysis of the case , said , "  All the defense has to show is that there 's been extensive media coverage . That 's a cinch . " "  Secondly , that it will be impossible for them to find a fair jury pool , " he added , referring to the Orlando area . Baez cited a number of reasons in his request to the judge to move the case to south Florida , where he says it has been covered far less and there is a "  large and diverse jury pool . " Local media in the Orlando area , he argued , have affected Anthony 's chances of getting a fair trial not only in Orange County but in much of Central Florida . If the judge rejects his request to move the trial to Miami , Baez said Broward County , about a 45-minute drive north of Miami , is a second choice .	Attorney cites negative TV , media coverage in request for venue change Lawyer asked for trial to be moved from Orlando , Florida , to Miami , Florida Lawyer says media coverage means Casey Anthony wo n't get a fair trial Casey Anthony facing death penalty trial for daughter 's murder
Abby Rodgers walked out to her date 's car and found roses , a teddy bear and a card sitting in the passenger 's seat . Inside the card was the million-dollar question : Will you go to prom with me ? The 17-year-old high school senior was touched . Everyone at her all-girls private school in suburban Philadelphia was hoping for some sort of "  promposal , " the act of inviting someone to prom in an elaborate fashion , often involving props , dancing flash mobs or maybe even police or actor Bryan Cranston . In the moment , Rodgers said yes , "  because it was such a nice gesture and he was so sweet and brave to go through with it . " Later that evening , when she had a chance to process what had happened , she realized she did n't actually want to go with him . "  I realized that prom is more of a couples atmosphere , " she said . "  I did n't want to be there with someone I was not in a close relationship with . " While prom is a great excuse to dress up , party with friends and mark the passage of another school year , the annual rite of passage also carries a lot of pressure -- to look perfect , arrive in style and have the ideal date on your arm . Promposals can add to the pressure , becoming almost as important as prom itself and raising expectations for young men and women , especially when they get posted on social media for all to see . Sure , some promposals can be thoughtful , charming or downright heartwarming . They can teach teens to take healthy risks and nurture their romantic side in the hookup-culture era . But , as with anything , it 's all about intention . "  As promposals have become more elaborate and public , so , too , does the potential for increased humiliation and social pressure , " said Jarrod Chin , director of training and curriculum of Northeastern University Sport in Society , a nationwide youth mentoring program that focuses on violence prevention and healthy relationships . "  As promposal clips go viral , more and more young people think that you need to create these elaborate schemes to ask someone to prom and the reality is that it should be just a fun event for young people to dance and celebrate . " Going all out and all in What used to be a potentially awkward phone call or hallway conversation is becoming an extremely public ceremony with high stakes . For some girls  and , even some boys  , not getting a promposal is their worst nightmare . And yet , being approached with flowers in the hallway can be a letdown , especially if a friend was serenaded in a flash mob . For others , these grandiose public gestures put invitees on the spot , forcing them to accept even if they do n't want to for fear of being perceived as mean or stuck up . Opinion : The damaging message of proms Boys also face pressure to be creative and do whatever it takes to get a yes . That 's the whole point , after all . Sometimes , the effort comes from a genuine desire to make the invitee happy and have fun doing it . Other times , the point really is to force a yes . Massachusetts high school senior Sam Casey has seen it go both ways . Friends in relationships have staged promposals for the fun of it . He 's also seen classmates do them in front of invitees ' families to get a yes where they probably would not have received one otherwise . "  It takes a lot for a guy to put himself out there for a girl , and they want to do everything they can to make sure they 're not humiliated , " he said . "  By doing it in a special way , or publicly showing that he really wants to go with that person , 99 % of the time the girl will say yes . " Either way , it can be a source of stress for both sides , Casey said . "  I think it 's gotten to the point that if you do n't do it , you 'll have a hard time finding a date , " he said . If the answer is no , the emotional fallout can be damaging , Chin said . Programs such as Sport in Society 's Mentors in Violence Prevention work with teens nationwide on how to have mature conversations with potential love interests and how to deal with a breakup or rejection . "  If their identity could potentially be challenged by a ` no ' to prom , we need to provide young men with the skills and ability to handle what could be a really embarrassing and traumatic public refusal , " Chin said . That 's where parents and adults come in , he said , to talk about realistic expectations around prom dating in general . "  As adults , we should n't minimize promposals or teen relationships as puppy love or harmless crushes , " he said . "  Instead , we should view  them  as the first steps in developing intimate relationships , and how they handle them sets the stage for more complicated situations , like long-term dating , breakups , marriage and divorce . " Testing the waters Not all promposals are bad or ill-intentioned . To avoid potential embarrassment or hurt feelings , teens often put out feelers among friends to see if their potential date is interested . In best-case scenarios , the person knows what 's coming ; it 's just a matter of how and when , said University of Pennsylvania freshman Ria Desai . "  I did n't feel any pressure to say yes because I already knew he was going to ask me , " said Desai , who accepted a promposal in 2012 from a close friend during dance class . "  In that way it was fun because I did n't know how he was going to ask me ; it was a surprise . " Promposals get iffy when the other person has no clue as to what 's coming , she said . In those situations , some girls say yes in the moment but then later turn down the guy in private . The alternative of public rejection can be worse for the girl , Desai wrote in a 2012 blog post for SPARK Summit , a girl-fueled activist movement that challenges media portrayals of women . "  Turning him down marks her as a ` huge bitch , ' a label she does n't deserve in any way . Yes , rejecting him will hurt his feelings , but does n't every girl deserve the chance to make the decision that she wants to make ? " she wrote . Further raising the stakes , though , is the "  necessity " of capturing the event as a picture or video so it can be shared on social media , said Ohio State University freshman Melinda Vercollone , whose 2013 promposal came in the form of a "  prom " sign underneath the hood of a friend 's car . Her twin sister got asked when a boy showed up at their home shirtless on a moped with roses in his mouth while his friends filmed the whole thing . "  The filming was important ; it 's sort of a necessity to put something on Facebook or Instagram so everyone will know who asked who and when and how . It 's also critical that everyone watches the video so the next boy does n't accidentally copy a proposal that has already been done , " Vercollone said . "  I remember being so happy that I was asked to prom , but also so disappointed that no one had been there to see it or to take a cute picture of us and post it on Facebook . " The pressure to couple up Rodgers , the suburban Philadelphia teen , has nothing against promposals , especially among friends and couples . They have great potential to be sweet or thoughtful when done the right way . That 's what caught her off guard about her date 's promposal . They knew each other through mutual friends , but she knew in her heart that she did not want to bring someone she was not serious about to prom . She discovered this at her junior prom , when she brought a guy she did n't know well because she did n't want to be the only person without a date . They did n't really hit it off . "  I realized I would rather go alone or with my friends , " she said . This year , Rodgers faced pressure from various corners to bring someone . Even her grandparents offered to attempt to set her up with a busboy from their favorite restaurant . "  It 's almost taboo at my school to go alone . " Inspired by a friend who decided not to bring a date , Rodgers texted her date two weeks after his promposal and told him she changed her mind . He took it well , she said , and he found another date for his prom . Rodgers ended up going to hers without a date last week . She had a great time dancing and posing for pictures with her friends , including others who went alone . "  It was amazing . I have no regrets , " she said . "  To girls who get promposed to and do n't know what to do , I would just say you only have one prom . Think about what 's going to make you happy and remain true to who you are . "	"  Promposals " are becoming almost as important as prom itself Sometimes , they work ; other times , they can be awkward Promposals can create pressure for boys to outdo peers Sometimes , promposals put invitees on spot to say yes
CNN  -- Twelve people were killed and another dozen wounded when a bus fell off South Korea 's longest bridge Saturday while trying to avoid a collision with a truck , local media reported . The bus was headed to Incheon International Airport , west of the capital Seoul , when it crashed through a guard rail and fell about 10 meters  32 feet  from the Incheon Bridge , the Yonhap news agency said . Police told the news agency that the bus may have lost control while trying to avoid a truck . The truck , in turn , had swerved to avoid colliding with a stalled car in the middle of the bridge . The Incheon Bridge , at 21.38 km  13.2 miles  , is the country 's largest .	Bus plunges 32 feet after trying to avoid collision with a truck Incident takes place on country 's longest bridge , Incheon Bridge Bridge is 13.2 miles long
Durham , North Carolina  CNN  -- To define someone as a looter is not simply to describe him , or her , through an act , it is to make a moral judgment . It is to characterize the person as lawless and criminal . It connotes someone who is without self-restraint ; an animal ; wanton and depraved . It is a description that is void of empathy for someone who is consciously or subconsciously viewed as "  the other . " Tragically , it fits into the stereotype that many have about people of African descent , be they African-Americans or Haitian-Americans . The news media have to stop describing starving Haitians who are simply trying to survive the earthquake and aftershocks that took their homes , their loved ones , and all their possessions by this highly derogatory term . It 's a lesson they should have learned covering the devastation wrought by Hurricane Katrina . I remember the news accounts then that described black residents of New Orleans as "  looters , " but used benign words to describe white residents engaged in the same action : taking things . Academics have found repeated instances of this in media content analyses after disasters . One example , widely disseminated on the web post-Katrina , juxtaposed an Associated Press photo that showed a young black man wading through chest-high water "  after looting a grocery store "  said the caption  , with an AFP/Getty photo of a white woman in the same position , although the caption this time described her "  finding " food "  from a local grocery store . " It is time to put this practice to rest . Put yourself in the position of the average Haitian in Port-au-Prince . One minute you were going about your business , the next minute the earth shook and literally your world crumbled all around you . But you were one of the lucky ones , you survived the earthquake . Injured ? Yes . But alive . Your first thought is to cry out for your family , especially your kids . But most of your family is buried under a rubble pile somewhere . You had four children but only one survived the earthquake . You have spent the last few days , along with your fellow survivors , digging through the rubble trying to find them . It is now a week after the earthquake , and you have eaten little or nothing . You are hungry and thirsty , and while you hear rumors of aid coming , you have not seen any evidence of it . You have not heard from the president and indeed you 've heard rumors that his wife is dead . Perhaps he left the country ; you would too , if you could . There is no police presence at all . No governmental authority to provide support . There are no markets . The only money you have are the few gourdes  Haitian dollars  that you have in your pockets . The rest of your money is in the safe place you always kept it -- but it is now buried with your food . The banks are not open . There is no one to borrow from ; they are all in the same boat as you . There are no functioning institutions . You have family in the United States and they are desperately trying to get you some help . They have contacted all of the big aid agencies , but those agencies have issues of their own . Some have lost staff members . They are doing the best they can , but they have no idea that you exist and you have no way of finding them . The roads are impassable , and they ca n't get clearance from whoever is in charge of the airport to land their planes , which bring much needed supplies . They 're afraid to go anywhere without security because they 've heard that the people are becoming restless . Indeed , though you do not know this , the U.S. military is also worried that citizens will get violent and start stealing . The United Nations is waiting for more troops , and the doctors have stopped treating patients because of those same fears : violence , looting . Under normal circumstances you would not think of taking food without paying for it . You are what other Haitians would call "  bien eleve " not "  mal eleve . " By that they mean you were well-raised , with manners and dignity . Haitians put a strong premium on dignity . To take something for which you have not paid does not only offend your sense of legality but also your sense of personhood . It is undignified . But not only are you starving , so is your only surviving child . You would prefer to pay , but whom ? What would you pay with ? You 'd prefer to wait , but for whom ? How long can you afford to wait ? You feel that your desperate state is evidence that you have been abandoned by your family , your country , the international community , and Bondié  God  .  The Creole word for God literally means "  good God . " So you take . You take just enough for a couple of days and a couple of family members . You take and you run to feed those for whom the only measure of fortune is survival in Haiti , post-earthquake . You take and you run . Are you a looter ? Try as we might to prevent it , the answer to that question is inevitably racialized . We can not separate the word looting from its racial implications or the supposed crime of looting from its racial origins . In the throes of the civil rights movement in the United States , many states made looting a crime . Almost all of these states were southern states that had a history of criminalizing behavior that they associated more with African-Americans than with whites . Even so , the criminal law , for all of its shortcomings , is often more sophisticated than we are . It recognizes that context matters . It has been developed with concepts -- such as necessity and justification -- to identify the circumstances under which a person who would normally be held culpable can be held either less culpable or not at all culpable . Taking food is different than taking a television . It is past time for our news media to develop similar sophistication . It is time to stop characterizing black people trying to survive in dire circumstances as looters . Are they takers ? Yes . Are they looters ? Let 's wait for a criminal conviction first . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Guy-Uriel Charles .	Guy-Uriel Charles says calling some Haiti quake victims looters advances a racial stereotype He says even after Katrina criticism , media are quick to buy into this characterization He describes the desperate circumstances that might lead a victim to take food Charles : Reasons for taking matter , especially in a disaster
CNN  -- The United States ' decision to close its embassy in Yemen came after intelligence suggested that four al Qaeda operatives may be planning an attack on the compound , a senior administration official said Monday . The United States had information that a group of eight terrorists had been planning an attack , the official said . Three were killed by Yemeni forces in recent days and another was captured wearing a suicide vest , but the other four were believed to be at large , the official said . The United States and Britain closed their embassies Sunday . Britain 's Foreign Office also cited security concerns . Several other nations also made changes at their embassies Monday , including Japan , France , Spain and Germany . Each country cited the need for increased security measures . France closed its embassy to the public . A French Foreign Ministry spokesman told CNN that embassy employees will continue their work , but without any visits from the public . The spokesman said the ministry was not acting on a specific threat . Japan halted service at the consulate section of its embassy in Sanaa . The Japanese Foreign Ministry said the decision was based on the threat of terror , though not a specific threat . The embassy continued functioning . Spain restricted public access to its embassy , the Spanish Foreign Ministry said , adding that the embassy continued to function "  normally . " Germany said that while its embassy remained fully operational , security measures were increased . A spokesman for the German Foreign Ministry said fewer visitors were allowed into the embassy compound . The embassy had not received any terror threats , the spokesman said . Yemen ` fertile ground ' for terrorists The wave of concern follows last month 's attempted terrorist attack on a U.S.-bound airliner . Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility . On Saturday , U.S. President Barack Obama linked the Nigerian suspect , 23-year-old Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , to the group , which is a combination of al Qaeda networks in Saudi Arabia and Yemen . John Brennan , assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday , "  What we do is to take every measure possible to ensure the safety of our diplomats and citizens abroad , so the decision was made to close the embassy . " The United States is working closely with the Yemeni government on the proper security precautions , he said . The U.S. Embassy in Yemen has come under attack numerous times in recent years . In September 2008 , 10 people were killed -- among them police and civilians , but no embassy employees -- when insurgents opened fire and set off explosions outside the compound . On December 31 the U.S. Embassy alerted Americans in Yemen to remain on alert for the possibility of terrorist violence . "  I think what we 've seen over the past several years in Yemen is an increasing strengthening of al Qaeda forces in Yemen , " Brennan told CNN . "  There are several hundred al Qaeda members there . " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown told the BBC , "  We 've got to also get back to the source of this , which is Yemen , Somalia , Pakistan , and we 've got to recognize that we 've got a group of young people who have been radicalized as a result of teaching by extremist clerics , and we 've got to recognize that we 're fighting a battle for hearts and minds here as much as everything else . " He vowed Britain will work with American authorities to support the Yemeni government in its counterterrorism efforts . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula said the attempted attack on the airliner was in retaliation for airstrikes against it on December 17 and 24 . One of those attacks targeted four al Qaeda operatives believed to have been planning an imminent attack against either the United States or Saudi Arabian embassies in Yemen , or both , a senior U.S. military official told CNN Sunday . Three of the targets were killed in the attack and a fourth was wounded , the official said . On Saturday , Gen. David Petraeus , head of the U.S. Central Command , met with Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh in Yemen , a senior U.S. government official told CNN . During his meeting with Petraeus , Saleh expressed his appreciation for U.S. help in combating extremists , offered more support for U.S. counterterrorism strikes and said he would continue providing assistance for the U.S. investigation into the attempted bombing . The two men discussed the latest intelligence on al Qaeda in Yemen , the official said , adding that the group in the U.S.-Yemeni meeting was kept very small on both sides . In remarks Saturday , Obama pledged that everyone involved in the attack would be held accountable , and highlighted his administration 's attempts to crack down on extremist enclaves in Yemen . He reiterated his long-standing promise to "  disrupt , dismantle and defeat " al Qaeda . Obama said that AbdulMutallab had recently traveled to Yemen and that "  its appears that he joined an affiliate of al Qaeda . " Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula apparently trained AbdulMutallab , equipped him with explosives and directed him to attack the plane , the president said in his weekly radio address . Obama has been criticized by some political opponents for not responding more aggressively to the bombing attempt . From the first day , the Obama administration has been focused on Yemen , Brennan said Sunday . "  We are very concerned about al Qaeda 's continued growth there , but they 're not just focused on Yemen , " he said of al Qaeda . "  They are , in fact , looking toward the West . " That 's why , he said , "  we have to get to this problem in Yemen now . " CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	United States ' decision to close its embassy came after intelligence warned of al Qaeda attack Britain 's Foreign Office also cited security concerns after closing its embassy in Sanaa France , Japan , Spain also halted service at the consulate section of their embassies Attempted bombing of U.S.-bound plane reportedly linked to al Qaeda unit based in Yemen
Washington  CNN  -- As Democrats in Congress celebrate a historic number of women elected to their ranks , the White House 's top ranks reflect a very different picture -- one that is largely male . CNN has learned President Barack Obama is expected to nominate White House chief of staff Jack Lew as treasury secretary . The likely contenders to replace Lew -- including Ron Klain , who once served as Vice President Joe Biden 's chief of staff , and Denis McDonough , a deputy national security adviser -- are all men . Then there 's the president 's recent choice for defense secretary : former Sen. Chuck Hagel . The preferred choice to replace Hillary Clinton as secretary of state is another man : Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry . The trend troubles those who study the role of women in government . "  What you 're hearing is that as new openings come up , there are missed opportunities to bring women in at that level , " said Debbie Walsh , director of Rutgers University 's Center for American Women and Politics , which tracks women in elective office . "  It is concerning at a time when you have a gender gap that put  Obama  over the top , and that gap was a diverse gender gap , " Walsh said . Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , was believed to be the front-runner for Clinton 's job but withdrew her name from consideration . She took heavy criticism from Republicans over her public statements about the deadly attack on the American diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya , in September . Obama 's Cabinet : Who 's in , who 's out ? Others candidates , such as Michele Flournoy , who served as undersecretary of defense , and Lael Brainard , an undersecretary at the Treasury Department , were bypassed in favor of Hagel and Lew , respectively . Moreover , there are more men than women among names being considered for other Cabinet positions in Obama 's second term . The White House stresses a commitment to diversity and points to a number of women named to big jobs led by Clinton , Labor Secretary Hilda Solis , Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano and Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius . Solis on Wednesday resigned from her position and is expected to leave the department around Obama 's inauguration later this month . But the administration is looking for a woman to fill the commerce secretary position , two sources familiar with the nomination told CNN . Rebecca Blank is acting commerce secretary but is not expected to be the permanent choice . How women ruled the 2012 election and where the GOP went wrong The administration also says that more than half of the White House staff is made up of women , many in key senior leadership roles . Contenders for Lew 's job , the most powerful staff position in the administration , are both men . Obama 's two Supreme Court appointments so far have been women , and White House spokesman Jay Carney said the president speaks with a number of diverse candidates for various positions and selects who he thinks is the right person for the job . "  It 's not uniform , it 's a broad sentiment and he believes the country is served by a process that does seek out the diverse talent in this country for different positions , " Carney said this week . Labor Secretary Hilda Solis resigns Obama has a stronger record so far in this area than his immediate predecessor , Bush . Roughly 36 % of Obama 's Cabinet are women compared to 19 % for Bush in his first term , according to the Women and Politics center at Rutgers . While Obama 's record on diversity is also better than the much-discussed 20 % female representation in the Senate , he would have to appoint more women to match Bill Clinton 's record . Women represented 41 % of his Cabinet in his second term . But diversity is more than numbers . It is also about ensuring that female candidates are being considered for a variety of positions , said Jennifer Lawless , director of Women & Politics Institute at American University . "  Nobody believes there 's any overt discrimination , " Lawless said pointing at women who occupy top posts in the Obama administration . "  Defense and Treasury : Those are male-dominated issues and frontiers , and those are the areas where woman still have to shore up their credentials and prove themselves more , " Lawless said . "  We 've reached a point in time where the Cabinets have become increasingly diverse . The next challenge is to make sure we 're not pigeonholing women into those positions , " she said .	Obama 's second term Cabinet picks include Jack Lew , Chuck Hagel and John Kerry Some worry the trend will derail the president 's previous track record of diversity Defense and treasury Cabinet spots still a glass ceiling for women
CNN  -- An 18-year-old Missouri resident received a life sentence Wednesday for the thrill killing of her 9-year-old neighbor , authorities said . Alyssa Bustamante received a life sentence for the October 2009 death of Elizabeth K. Olten , according to the Cole County Circuit Court clerk 's office in Jefferson City . She also got 30 years for armed criminal action . Bustamante , who has the possibility of parole , allegedly told police she killed Olten because she wanted to know what it felt like to kill someone . "  These sentences are appropriate and fit what happened to Elizabeth at the hands of a truly evil individual who strangled and stabbed an innocent child simply for the thrill of it , " Cole County prosecuting attorney Mark Richardson said in a statement . Bustamante , wearing a bright green inmate 's uniform , apologized to the Olten family in court , according to CNN Columbia affiliate KOMU . "  I know that words can never be enough , and they can never adequately describe how horrible I feel for all of this , " Bustamante said . "  I 'm so sorry . If I could give my life to get her back , I would . " The judge ordered Bustamante , who entered a guilty plea in January , to serve her sentences consecutively . Bustamante was 15 at the time of the crime . "  Hundreds of law enforcement officers and regular citizens of Cole County searched for Elizabeth for two days and nights in the cold and pouring rain in October of 2009 , " according to Richardson . "  The discovery of Elizabeth 's mutilated body in a shallow grave is something that this entire community has been grieving for more than two years . " Defense attorneys told reporters that the sentence was "  harsh " and that their client was not fully competent and suffers from depression , KOMU reported . Bob Watson , media coordinator for Cole County Circuit Court , said a life sentence in Missouri equates to a maximum of 30 years on the charge of second-degree murder . Bustamante could serve a maximum of 60 years because of the consecutive sentence .	Defendant was 15 when she killed younger girl Alyssa Bustamante pleaded guilty to 2nd-degree murder last month She said she wanted to know what it was like to kill someone
CNN  -- Politics will mix with partying this Pride season as gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender people and their allies around the world celebrate President Barack Obama 's support for same-sex marriage and protest North Carolina 's passage of a constitutional amendment banning same-sex unions . When planning a Pride vacation , pick a destination where the scale of the celebration is one that you can handle , recommends Ed Salvato , gay travel expert and editor in chief of Man About World , a soon-to-launch gay travel magazine for the iPad . Instead of the biggies such as San Francisco or New York City , which might be overwhelming , consider choosing "  a nice , manageable Pride in an interesting location . " Book early , as hotels fill quickly , and be sure to ask about Pride packages , says Salvato . "  Often hotels will throw in something so your party starts as soon as you get into your room . " All are welcome to join in on the fun . For more tips on enjoying the best Pride fests worldwide , check out our guide : Boston : June 1 - 10 What Salvato loves about Boston Pride is the diversity of people from all walks of life who come out for the celebration . This time of year , he says , "  shows Boston in its greatest light . " One highlight of Boston Pride is dancing in the streets . On Saturday , June 9 , a Women 's Block Party begins at 1 Boylston Place just after the parade . On Sunday afternoon , block partiers can pick between shaking their groove thing at the Back Bay Edition on St. James Avenue in Boston , or the JP Edition on Perkins Street in Jamaica Plain , which features a Dogs & Drag Fashion Show , family-friendly activities and five female DJs . Other options include themed Pride @ Night parties that take place all weekend long , including a Youth Dance , which kicks off at 7 p.m. on Saturday . But Boston Pride is more than just one big party . This year , cultural events include a human rights and education discussion as well as a free exhibit at the Boston Center for Adult Education called "  Pride : 40 Years of Protest & Celebration , " which chronicles the early history of LGBT advocacy in New England . Early arrivals to the city can call Old Boston Tours to book the "  Old Boston Original Secret Tour " and learn more about the extraordinary lives of the men and women who made Boston great . The $ 30 tour is 90 minutes , and reservations are required . Visitors will not want to miss the new American wing at Boston 's Museum of Fine Arts , which includes a stunning Tiffany favrile glass window , "  Parakeets and Gold Fish Bowl . " Tel Aviv , Israel : June 3 - 8 During the city 's annual Pride celebration , Tel Aviv lives up to its reputation as the gay capital of the Middle East .  Even the crosswalks are painted in rainbow stripes .  All week long , clubs and bars are packed , and special events are planned , including two concerts by Grammy - and BRIT Award-nominee Rufus Wainwright . On Friday , June 8 , revelers hit the streets for the parade that has become one of Tel Aviv 's biggest events of the year . Kicking off in Gan Meir garden , a small park in the heart of the city 's gay community , the parade ends with a massive beach party on the Mediterranean Sea . From 2 p.m. until evening , Gordon Beach is mobbed with people moving to the sounds of the city 's hottest DJs . For more beach fun , visit Hilton Beach , a popular spot among gay men . Then , for a change of scenery , check out the Azrieli Observatory for a chance to view "  the white city " from the highest point possible . Or plan an afternoon at Beit Ha'ir , a museum of Tel Aviv history housed in Town Hall . Amsterdam , Netherlands : July 28 - August 5 What better year to visit Amsterdam than this one ? This year marks the 25th anniversary of the world 's first gay monument , the Homomonument , located on the Westermarkt in the center of the city . Visitors can pay their respects , then stop by Pink Point , an information kiosk/shop providing an array of gay guides and souvenirs . Just around the corner is another opportunity to contemplate the meaning of freedom : the Anne Frank House , where the world-famous diary was penned while Frank hid in a secret annex . Next , top off the afternoon with a cold one  or three  at some of Amsterdam 's microbreweries . Check the city 's official website for a list of places to enjoy "  rich tripels and fruity white beers " as well as "  dark brown bocks and thirst-quenching pilsners . " By nightfall , the gay districts on Reguliersdwarsstraat and Amstel will be hopping with street and club-circuit parties that rage all weekend long . The highlight of Amsterdam Pride is the famous Canal Parade on Saturday , August 4 . Unlike in most parades , Amsterdam 's floats actually float . This year , organizers expect half a million spectators will watch 75 decorated boats sail from 2 to 6 p.m. through the Prinsengracht Canal and Amstel River . Find a full listing of the more than 300 parties and cultural events on the official calendar . Asheville , North Carolina : October 6 Known for its progressive politics and vibrant arts and culture scene , Asheville has been dubbed one of the "  gayest cities in America " and one of the "  top five surprisingly gay small towns " by The Advocate . The city 's annual Blue Ridge Pride festival typically draws between 8,000 and 12,000 people from throughout the Southeast to Pack Square for a full day of music , workshops and family activities , as well as a showcase of gay-friendly businesses , service organizations and community groups . Pride festival chairperson Holly Parr says she 's proud of how quickly Blue Ridge Pride , organized by an all-volunteer nonprofit , has grown since it was founded in 2009 . "  We 're excited about what we are able to do for our greater Western North Carolina LGBTQ community , " she says . The grassroots , hometown feel of Blue Ridge Pride makes this a special destination to consider . This is especially poignant given the recent amendment passed in North Carolina that defines marriage as the union of one man and one woman , says Salvato . "  It 's a good time to show our support and solidarity in a state that 's had a setback , " he explains . And with its sophisticated spas , shops , restaurants and more than 30 art galleries , as well as golf clubs and other outdoor activities in the Blue Ridge and Great Smoky mountains , Asheville offers plenty to do both before and after Pride . Atlanta : October 13 - 14 Some call Atlanta the "  GayTL , " and the city offers something for everyone in the LGBT community . The largest pride event in the Southeast includes not only the main festival , but a Dyke March , a Trans March , and from August 29 to September 3 , Black Gay Pride , sponsored by In the Life Atlanta . With a distinctive Southern flavor , the Atlanta Pride Festival in Piedmont Park entices people from all across the region . Some attendees from nearby towns revel in their once-a-year opportunity to step out of the closet . Pride festivities kick off well before the official weekend , with pre-Pride events such as an AIDS vigil , an exhibit of 25 years of international AIDS posters , a commitment ceremony and a men 's designer event . And once the main weekend rolls around , visitors can take their pick from children 's entertainers , a car and motorcycle show , a literary showcase , human rights exhibits , a community health expo , and a marketplace featuring more than 200 vendor booths . At 1 p.m. on Sunday , October 14 , the parade kicks off down the streets of Midtown , drawing tens of thousands of spectators . And if all those options are n't enough , step out of the Pride fray to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. . Center for Nonviolent Social Change to learn about King 's life , legacy and teachings . Or visit Zoo Atlanta , in Grant Park , home to endangered animals such as rhinos , orangutans , gorillas and elephants .	Boston visitors can take to the streets for various dance parties Tel Aviv is known as the gay capital of the Middle East Amsterdam celebrates the 25th anniversary of the world 's first gay monument Asheville Pride organizers hope visitors will come support a state "  that 's had a setback "
This Old House  -- Unless you 're a perfect caretaker of your lawn  and , really , who is ?  , prepare for another round in the turf wars this summer . You 'll have to deal with a full frontal assault from the dandelions , of course . And an attack from the crabgrass . But you 'll face more stealthy opponents , too : root-chomping grubs and microscopic mildew that turn the grass from green to gray or brown . "  If a lawn is neglected , or cared for in a hit-or-miss way , it gets weak , " says This Old House landscape contractor Roger Cook . "  And that 's when weeds , insects , or fungal diseases become a major problem . " Little wonder that last year almost 50 million homeowners bought products to fight these invaders . But as in most battles , the best defense is a strong offense : doing everything right to cultivate healthy turf . That means giving it up to an inch and a half of water per week ; aerating and dethatching annually so water and nutrients can get down to the roots ; mowing with a sharp blade to the right height  ask your local garden center what 's best where you live  ; and fertilizing in spring and fall . So promise yourself -- and your turf -- you 'll do that this year . In the meantime , here 's how to conquer the most common turf problems you 're likely to confront this summer . Fungal disease Symptoms : Circular patches of yellow-to-brown grass ; or blades with tiny red threads . Culprits : Powdery mildew , brown patch , dollar spot , and fusarium patch ; or red thread . These fungal diseases can take hold of stressed turf . Solutions : Though lawns will generally recover from small areas of infection , if a fungus is progressively marching across your yard , look for a fungicide with the active ingredient thiophanate-methyl and follow the directions . For an organic fix , search out a corn-gluten mix that will cure brown patch and weaken most other fungi . Then nurse your lawn back to health by practicing good lawn-care habits : Avoid excessive shade  prune back trees and large shrubs , if necessary  and too many applications of fertilizer , herbicides , or pesticides . Carefully monitor your turf 's moisture intake and never water in the evening . Weeds Symptoms : Fast-growing and unruly greenery that quickly overtakes surrounding grass . This Old House : What type of grass is right for your yard Culprits : Crabgrass or broadleaf weeds such as dandelion , purslane , henbit , and chickweed that commonly pop up where soil is compacted and grass has n't completely taken root . To check for compacted soil , stick a screwdriver into the ground ; it should slide in easily . Solutions : The first step is to eradicate any foreign invaders . The best approach is to pull them out by hand using a weeder or a hoe . This will also loosen the soil in affected areas . Or use a liquid herbicide in a hand sprayer to spot-treat an infestation . If weeds are too plentiful to be pulled , check your garden center for a "  weed-and-feed " blend of granular fertilizer and herbicide that will kill weeds without harming turf types commonly grown in your area , or look for an organic fertilizer with corn gluten . Be sure to follow the directions on the box exactly , as some formulas must be applied during a dry spell or need a 24-hour breather with no foot traffic . From here on out , mow up to twice a week during the beginning of summer when grass grows swiftly , and raise the mower blade an inch during hot or dry periods . Water well as the summer heats up , and your turf should naturally overtake the weeds . In the fall , open up compacted soil poke holes with a pitchfork over a small yard , or rent a power aerator for large yards and overseed the lawn . You may want to follow up with a pre-emergent herbicide next spring . Insects Symptoms : Brown turf that becomes loose enough to lift like a mat . Culprits : White grubs , a catch-all name for root-chomping beetle larvae , including june bugs , Japanese beetles , and masked chafers . To be sure that 's what you 've got , cut a square foot of infected turf and roll it back , looking for pale , half-inch - to inch-long C-shaped bugs . If you find more than six , treat the turf . This Old House : Meet the good bugs Solutions : Grubs are the biggest threat to lawns , and pesticides formulated with imidacloprid are proven effective . For an organic fix , spread powdered milky spore or lay down beneficial nematodes-microscopic worms that will feed on the grubs if they 're present . With nematodes , timing the application with their life cycle is critical , so be sure to follow the directions on the box exactly . Both milky spore and nematodes can be ordered from some garden centers or online  gardensalive.com  . Symptoms : Irregular-shaped patches of brownish-yellow grass . Culprits : Chinch bugs , gray-black , quarter-inch-long insects that suck moisture from grass and are most likely to attack St. Augustine and zoysia grasses in the South and Kentucky bluegrass in the North . To spot them , bury an empty coffee can , with both ends removed , at the edge of the affected area and fill it with water . The bugs will seek out the moisture , then float to the top . If you see more than 10 after 20 minutes , you should address the problem . Solutions : Chinch bugs live on the surface , among thatch , so dethatching will reduce their numbers . To eradicate them completely , look for an appropriate insecticide with a pyrethroid ingredient . Longer-term , overseed with chinch-bug-resistant grasses . Symptoms : Patches of thin lawn with blades chewed off at the base . Culprits : Sod webworms and tropical sod webworms , hairless cream-to-gray spotted caterpillars that grow into small , buff-colored moths at maturity . The tropical species that thrive in warm southern climates cause the most harm . To check for webworms , mix two tablespoons of mild detergent with two gallons of water ; pour it over the infested turf . Any larvae will float to the top . Solutions : You can try flooding your lawn to drown them . Or choose an appropriate insecticide ; in an organic product , look for the ingredients azadirachtin or spinosad . With extreme cases of tropical webworm infestation you may need to replace the turf with a resistant grass mix . TIP : If dogs regularly make a pit stop of your lawn , keep a hose or water bucket nearby . Dog urine is high in nitrogen , which can "  burn " turf , creating a good-sized yellow patch . The best fix is immediate action : Flush the area ASAP with water to dilute it . Once badly burned , grass wo n't come back on its own-you 'll have to rake out the dead stuff and reseed . This Old House : What to do when your yard is bowser 's bathroom E-mail to a friend Get 2 Free Trial Issues COPYRIGHT © 2008 THIS OLD HOUSE VENTURES , INC. .	A good corn-gluten mix cures brown patches and weakens most fungi Brown patches are often indicative of bug problems Dog urine is high is nitrogen , so flush affected areas with water
CNN  -- Chopping breadcrumbs by flashlight . Cooking turkeys on the grill . Watching Netflix on phones . Many New Englanders were without power -- but this was nothing new for the state . Tens of thousands spent Thanksgiving just as others did in New England when it was first observed in the 17th century : without electricity . In New Hampshire , more than 133,000 customers were still without power overnight into Friday . "  They 're saying it will be a multiday event , " said Fallon Reed , the assistant operations chief for the New Hampshire Division of Homeland Security & Emergency Management . In Maine , there were as many as 110,000 customers without electricity on Thanksgiving morning , but milder Turkey Day temperatures allowed for workers to cut that number down by more than two thirds by night 's end : Central Maine Power Co. reported that less than 32,000 customers had no power , while Emera , the state 's second-largest utility company , reported that less than 1,000 customers without electricity after a Wednesday nor'easter dumped more than a foot of snow across a dozen Maine cities , WMTW reported . "  Heavy , wet snow brought down power lines and tree limbs interrupting service to thousands of people throughout Maine , " Emera posted on its website . "  Crews will remain in the field through the overnight hours and into Friday until all customers are fully restored . " Despite the setback , the heartiest of New Englanders would n't let the lack of electricity prevent them from enjoying the heartiest of meals . Lots of Mainers took to Twitter either to poke fun at or moan about the weather . Most showed remarkable resilience and seemed reluctant to let the weather ruin their turkey day . "  Power is out at parents house in Maine , so my mom is chopping breadcrumbs with a flashlight , " Brooklyn copy editor Kelly Gordon tweeted . She later told CNN that the meal turned out perfectly . "  My mom would never let no lights  or  no heat keep her from Thanksgiving prep work , " she said . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin and Teri Genova contributed to this report .	New Hampshire hardest hit by outages : more than 133,000 still without power Friday More than 100,000 in Maine had now power for Thanksgiving One Mainer tweeted , "  My mom is chopping breadcrumbs with a flashlight "
CNN  -- Cabinet reshuffling is common practice as a president begins a second term , and getting those new nominations confirmed quickly is a priority after the inauguration . President Barack Obama has new candidates for three top positions pending before the Senate . They include the top jobs at the Pentagon , the State Department and the Treasury . Here 's a look at confirmation hearings for Cabinet and judicial posts , by the numbers : 500 + - Number of Cabinet members confirmed by the Senate . 124 - Supreme Court justices confirmed by the Senate . 51 - Minimum number of votes needed to confirm a nominee , a simple majority . 163 - Executive branch appointments no longer requiring confirmation under the Presidential Appointment Efficiency and Streamlining Act . Kerry defends fellow Cabinet nominee Hagel 9 - Cabinet nominations rejected by the Senate . 4 - Cabinet nominations by President John Tyler that were rejected , the most . 3 - Rejected nominations to the Treasury Department . 12 - Cabinet nominations where the person 's name was withdrawn . 3 - Cabinet nominations by President Bill Clinton that were withdrawn , the most . 2 - Choices for U.S. attorney general by President Bill Clinton whose names were withdrawn from consideration because of immigration issues relating to a household employee or nanny . Obama to tap Mary Jo White as SEC chairman 1 - Rejected Treasury Secretary nominees who later became United States chief justice : Roger B. Taney , who served from 1836 until his death in 1864 . He was nominated by President Andrew Jackson for both positions . 171 - Appointments made by President George W. Bush while the Senate was in recess . Ninety-nine of these were to permanent positions . Obama 's Cabinet : Who 's in , who 's out ? 80 - Percentage of federal judicial nominations by President Barack Obama that have been confirmed . 7 - Number of circuit court judicial nominations that have been sent to the Senate so far in this Congress .	124 - Supreme Court Justices confirmed by the Senate 3 - Rejected nominations to the Treasury Department 171 - Appointments made by President George W. Bush while the Senate was in recess 12 - Cabinet nominations in which the person 's name was withdrawn
CNN  -- Rick Warren , founder and pastor of Saddleback Church in Lake Forest , California , is one of America 's most influential authors and religious leaders . In August , he moderated a discussion on key issues between presidential candidates Barack Obama and John McCain . Rick Warren says no matter what problem you have , there 's a purpose behind it . His latest book is "  The Purpose of Christmas . " He was interviewed by Kiran Chetry on "  American Morning " on Friday . Here is an edited version of the exchange : Chetry : We always say we do n't want Christmas to be commercialized . It seems that at the end of the year , we end up in the same position , worried about buying presents , worried about spending money , worried about holiday cards , and how do you get back to the real meaning ? Rick Warren : A lot of people are really hurting because of the economy and because of the fears about what 's going to happen , and really those same problems are the problems that Mary and Joseph went through . Housing , no room at the inn , travel , economic unrest , things like that . So I wrote this book really to focus us on what is the true meaning of Christmas . It 's a book of hope , and the big idea behind it is that no matter what problem you 're going through , there 's a purpose behind it . God has a purpose , and that purpose can help you make it through even the stressful times when we decide to write a note to everybody , buy a gift for everybody , redecorate our house , have five or six meals and go to eight or nine parties . Rick Warren : Shop more or pray more ? " Chetry : Exactly , because that 's usually what ends up happening , and sometimes the spirit of giving and fellowship is lost in that . You also write in the book , remember that God loves you , but for somebody who is facing foreclosure -- let 's say you lost a loved one or your job or dealing with an illness -- it can sound pat in a way . What do you say to people who say , pastor , I do n't feel that God loves me or I would n't be going through this Warren : Actually , sometimes what we think is a problem is actually a protection . For instance , last month my daughter-in-law , who is 25 years old , went through a brain tumor . She had her first child premature , about six weeks early , and when she had that baby early , it was breech . The cord was wrapped around its neck and it stopped breathing and they actually had to do an emergency C-section and resuscitate the child and save the baby 's life and save her life . We looked at that and we thought , boy , that 's a pretty tough problem , but we now know that she had a three-inch brain tumor at the base of her brainstem , and if she had pushed , it would have killed her . And so actually , seven weeks later , when she should have been delivering the baby , we discovered the brain tumor , and she would have been trying to have brain surgery , three surgeries , one was 20 hours long , at the same time as having a baby . So what we thought was a problem was actually a protection saving her life . And sometimes , we look at a tapestry , and from the top down , you can see the picture . From the bottom up , it 's all of these different colors of threads . It makes no sense . It 's all jumbled . When God looks down , he sees what he 's doing . When we look up , we just see the jumble . Chetry : And she 's OK ? Warren : She 's OK . Chetry : Thank goodness . I want to turn to politics now and ask you about the summit you hosted for both of the candidates . Great provocative questions and interesting answers we were n't hearing on the campaign trail . Now that the campaign is over , what is your reaction to the outcome and to President-elect Barack Obama ? Warren : Well , there 's no doubt about it , we need to be praying for our president . I do n't think any president has come into a crisis so quickly as President-elect Obama has , and no president has come in with probably as high expectations as President-elect Obama . So we need to pray for him . We need to support him where we can , and we need -- we want the best for America . Chetry : Religion factored heavily into some of the back-and-forth in the campaign season . Many people believed -LSB- incorrectly -RSB- that Barack Obama was n't really Christian , that he was Muslim , and , of course , the Jeremiah Wright thing . Religion ended up , unfortunately , being a divisive issue at times as opposed to one that was a uniting issue . How do you change that ? Warren : Part of it is we have to end the caricaturization of the candidates . I know all of the candidates on both sides , and none of them were exactly as they were portrayed . We tend to overportray them whether it 's Sarah Palin or Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama or John McCain . They 're not anything like the caricaturization that we often hear . We tend to push to extremes . They are a lot more practical and pragmatic , I think , than we want to give them credit for , and every president , when he becomes president , has to let go of some ideology and become more of a pragmatist because there 's so many issues that you do n't probably understand until you actually hold the office .	Pastor Rick Warren : Problems we face similar to those of Mary and Joseph He says we need to look for the purpose of Christmas and of our problems Warren : We need to pray for new president and support him where we can
CNN  -- The sister of a missing 2-year-old Massachusetts girl saw "  a mean guy " kidnap the toddler from the beach , her father says , though police insist they have no evidence of any "  mysterious man " or an abduction . Caleigh Harrison was last seen by her mother and 4-year-old sister at Rockport 's Long Beach , on the North Shore of Massachusetts , around noon April 19 . Since then , authorities have conducted water , ground and air search for the toddler , to no avail . The missing girl 's father , Anthony Harrison , told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Thursday night that he believes Caleigh was kidnapped . He bases his belief on what his 4-year-old daughter has told him , as well as drawings by the older sister . Harrison said his older daughter was with Caleigh when she went missing while their mother went to retrieve a ball . "  At first it was the mean guy , " Harrison said of the 4-year-old 's description of Caleigh 's alleged abductor . "  And then she got into detail about black shorts , he was smoking a cigarette , he had facial hair . " Harrison first publicly mentioned such a man a day earlier , calling the girl 's description "  a little bit scattered " and among a "  couple of different stories " he 'd heard from her . The children 's mother , Allison Hammond , also appearing on HLN , said the older sister "  simply shuts down and says I just do n't want to talk about it , " when she presses her for details . "  She has not acted the same since that day , " Hammond said of her 4-year-old daughter . "  If you ask her questions about the pictures she 's drawn , she becomes expressionless , she just changes . " Massachusetts State Police spokesman David Procopio said by e-mail Thursday that authorities "  have found no evidence to support the abduction theory . " "  That does not mean that we can say with 100 % certainty that foul play did not occur , only that we have found no evidence of it -- including no evidence of a mysterious man on the beach , " Procopio said . That day , Hammond said she 'd taken her daughter and her parents ' dog to the beach , about 40 miles northeast of Boston , where they played in the water and went for a walk . At one point , Hammond said she threw a tennis ball for the dog "  terribly " and it went over a wall near some cottages . She then "  got the kids situated ... playing in the sand and by the rocks , " as she walked over to some stairs to get the ball , Hammond said . "  I could see them the whole way when I was walking over to the stairway ... and they were fine , " she said of her daughters . "  And one of the times I looked back , Caleigh was just gone . " Hammond said she went down to find her 4-year-old daughter with her "  arms outstretched and she said , ` Caleigh 's gone . ' She did n't say anything more than that . " Afterward , the mother said she began looking intently for the toddler , who "  was wearing bright pink that day . " She found no sign of her . Nor did authorities looking through "  ocean and tidal areas for several days with divers , sonar , dogs , boots on the ground and helicopters , " said Procopio . The state police spokesman added that investigators also spoke to a female surfer , two women walking on a sidewalk above the beach , a man playing basketball and others . "  None of them saw anyone or anything suspicious in the vicinity of the family , " Procopio said . "  Likewise , no one saw her actually fall into the water . " A "  forensic interviewer who specializes in speaking to children  involved in  traumatic incidents " talked with Caleigh 's sister , the police spokesman said , though he would n't offer details . Harrison said that he did n't have an explanation why it took two weeks for him to discuss what his daughter told him about the alleged abductor . Regardless , he said he 's convinced her story is true . "  I would n't put my daughter under this kind of scrutiny  if I did n't believe it  , " Harrison said . "  This came from the heart . And I believe her . " HLN 's Kat McCullough contributed to this report .	Caleigh Harrison , 2 , was last seen April 19 on a Massachusetts beach No signs of her were found during extensive water , ground and air searches Her sister saw "  a mean guy " kidnap the toddler , her father says Police have no evidence of an abduction or a "  mysterious man , " a spokesman says
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- Former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner told the Democratic National Convention that the most important race facing the country is the "  race for the future ... and it wo n't be won with a president who is stuck in the past . " "  This election ... is about the future vs. the past , " former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner said Tuesday . "  We need a president who understands the world today , the future we seek and the change we need . We need Barack Obama as the next president of the United States . " Warner was delivering the keynote speech at the convention , the slot that Obama himself filled four years ago . He accused President Bush of a failure of leadership at a critical moment in the nation 's history . "  Folks always ask me , what 's my biggest criticism of President Bush ? I 'm sure you all have your own . Here 's mine : It 's not just the policy differences . It 's the fact that this president never tapped into our greatest resources : the character and resolve of the American people . He never really asked us to step up . " John McCain , he said , offered only "  a plan that would explode the deficit and leave that to our kids . No real strategy to invest in our infrastructure . And he would continue spending $ 10 billion a month in Iraq . I do n't know about you , but that 's just not right . That 's four more years that we just ca n't afford . " Watch Warner say McCain is "  more of the same " " But much of his speech was devoted to the kind of bipartisan rhetoric Obama has espoused on the campaign trail . "  I know we 're at the Democratic Convention , but if an idea works , it really does n't matter whether it 's got a 'D ' or an ` R ' next to it . Because this election is n't about liberal vs. conservative . It 's not about left vs. right . It 's about the future vs. the past . "  That 's why we must elect Barack Obama as our next president , " Warner said . "  Because the race for the future will be won when old partisanship gives way to new ideas . When we put solutions over stalemates and when hope replaces fear . "	Mark Warner says America needs leader who understands "  the future we seek " Bush never asked Americans to step up , Warner says Much of Warner 's address focused on bipartisan rhetoric
CNN  -- Father Theodore Heck , believed to be the oldest Benedictine monk in the world , died Wednesday at the age of 108 , his abbey in Indiana announced . Born in Iowa in 1901 , Heck was less than a month shy of celebrating his 80th anniversary as a priest . Father Theodore Heck remained active in daily life at Saint Meinrad until recently . Heck was a monk at Saint Meinrad Archabbey in southern Indiana for 86 years , Archabbot Justin DuVall said . His main calling was as a teacher , DuVall said , adding that Heck had taught "  thousands " of students in his career . "  Up until recently , his memory was excellent ; He knew where those priests were and what they were doing , " DuVall said . And Heck continued learning throughout his own life , said the archabbot , who knew Heck for 40 years . "  Every year , he would take up a subject and read about it , " DuVall said . "  When he was 99 , he decided he should learn Spanish , and when he was 100 , he took up the computer . " The monk remained active in the life of the abbey until recently , DuVall said . "  Even up to a year or so ago , Father Theodore participated in all the public prayer with us four times a day . He sang in the choir . When he was still active teaching , he would have spent much his day in the classroom . " Heck sought out opportunities to teach and to minister , his longtime colleague said . "  For many years in the summers , he went to Iowa to teach at an extension of the Catholic University , in the '40s and '50s , so when he was not here , he was still teaching , " DuVall said . "  When he was 70 , he became a pastor at a nearby parish . He would drive on the weekends to lead services and hear confessions , " DuVall recalled . "  He did that until he was 87 . " Heck "  revolutionized " the way monks were educated at his seminary , DuVall said . "  Back in the 1930s , he went away as a graduate student and did his graduate work . He established the pattern where our monks began to get doctorates , not only from Catholic universities , but Purdue and Indiana University , " DuVall explained . Heck came from long-lived stock : His siblings lived into their 90s , according to DuVall . "  He once told me he was astonished to have lived this long , " the abbot said . "  But he saw everything in his life as a gift from God , and he accepted it . " The Office of the Dead will be prayed for Heck on Friday evening , Saint Meinrad announced . He will be buried in the Archabbey Cemetery on Saturday morning after a funeral Mass. . Saint Meinrad , which dates to 1854 , operates a graduate school of theology and has more than a score of its monks in parish work , chaplaincies and diocesan assignments . The Benedictine community at Saint Meinrad consists of about 100 men who dedicate their lives to prayer and work , according to the archabbey 's Web site .	Father Theodore Heck was just shy of 80th anniversary as a priest Monk continued learning , teaching all through his life , archabbot says He "  revolutionized " education at Saint Meinrad Archabbey
CNN  -- The U.S. should stop arresting responsible marijuana users , Rep. Barney Frank said Wednesday , announcing a proposal to end federal penalties for Americans carrying fewer than 100 grams , almost a quarter-pound , of the substance . Rep. Barney Frank 's bill would radically curb federal penalties for personal marijuana use . Current laws targeting marijuana users place undue burdens on law enforcement resources , punish ill Americans whose doctors have prescribed the substance and unfairly affect African-Americans , said Frank , flanked by legislators and representatives from advocacy groups . "  The vast amount of human activity ought to be none of the government 's business , " Frank said on Capitol Hill . "  I do n't think it is the government 's business to tell you how to spend your leisure time . " The Massachusetts Democrat and his supporters emphasized that only the use -- and not the abuse -- of marijuana would be decriminalized if the resolution resulted in legislation . Watch Frank lay out the proposal " The Drug Enforcement Administration says people charged with simple possession are rarely incarcerated . The agency and the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy have long opposed marijuana legalization , for medical purposes or otherwise . Marijuana is a Schedule I controlled substance , meaning it has a high potential for abuse and no accepted medical use , according to the drug control office . "  Smoked marijuana has not withstood the rigors of science -- it is not medicine and it is not safe , " the DEA states on its Web site . "  Legalization of marijuana , no matter how it begins , will come at the expense of our children and public safety . It will create dependency and treatment issues , and open the door to use of other drugs , impaired health , delinquent behavior , and drugged drivers . " Allen St. Pierre , spokesman for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws , likened Frank 's proposal -- co-sponsored by Rep. Ron Paul , R-Texas -- to current laws dealing with alcohol consumption . Alcohol use is permitted , and the government focuses its law enforcement efforts on those who abuse alcohol or drive under its influence , he said . "  We do not arrest and jail responsible alcohol drinkers , " he said . St. Pierre said there are tens of millions of marijuana smokers in the United States , including himself , and hundreds of thousands are arrested each year for medical or personal use . iReport.com : Is it time to legalize pot ? There have been 20 million marijuana-related arrests since 1965 , he said , and 11 million since 1990 , and "  every 38 seconds , a marijuana smoker is arrested . " Rob Kampia , director of the Marijuana Policy Project , said marijuana arrests outnumber arrests for "  all violent crimes combined , " meaning police are spending inordinate amounts of time chasing nonviolent criminals . "  Ending arrests is the key to marijuana policy reform , " he said . Reps. William Lacy Clay , D-Missouri , and Barbara Lee , D-California , said that in addition to targeting nonviolent offenders , U.S. marijuana laws unfairly target African-Americans . Clay said he did not condone drug use but opposes using tax dollars to pursue what he feels is an arcane holdover from "  a phony war on drugs that is filling up our prisons , especially with people of color . " Too many drug enforcement resources are being dedicated to incarcerating nonviolent drugs users , and not enough is being done to stop the trafficking of narcotics into the United States , he said . Being arrested is not the American marijuana smoker 's only concern , said Bill Piper of the Drug Policy Alliance Network . Those found guilty of marijuana use can lose their jobs , financial aid for college , their food stamp and welfare benefits , or their low-cost housing . The U.S. stance on marijuana , Piper said , "  is one of the most destructive criminal justice policies in America today . " Calling the U.S. policy "  inhumane " and "  immoral , " Lee said she has many constituents who are harassed or arrested for using or cultivating marijuana for medical purposes . California allows medical marijuana use , but the federal government does not , she explained . House Resolution 5843 , titled the Personal Use of Marijuana by Responsible Adults Act of 2008 , would express support for "  a very small number of individuals " suffering from chronic pain or illness to smoke marijuana with impunity . According to NORML , marijuana can be used to treat a range of illnesses , including glaucoma , asthma , multiple sclerosis , HIV/AIDS and seizures . Frank , who is chairman of the Financial Services Committee , said that about a dozen states have approved some degree of medical marijuana use and that the federal government should stop devoting resources to arresting people who are complying with their states ' laws . In a shot at Republicans , Frank said it was strange that those who support limited government want to criminalize marijuana . Asked whether the resolution 's passage would change his personal behavior , Frank quipped , "  I do obey every law I vote for " but quickly said he did not use marijuana , nor does he encourage it . "  I smoke cigars . I do n't think other people should do that . If young people ask me , I would advise them not to do it , " he said . If HR 5843 were passed , the House would support marijuana smokers possessing up to 100 grams -- about 3 1/2 ounces -- of cannabis without being arrested . It would also give its blessing to the "  nonprofit transfer " of up to an ounce of marijuana . The resolution would not address laws forbidding growing , importing or exporting marijuana , or selling it for profit . The resolution also would not speak to state laws regarding marijuana use .	DEA , White House say marijuana dangerous , has no accepted medical use Decriminalization advocates say marijuana laws should mirror alcohol laws NORML spokesman says marijuana user arrested in U.S. "  every 38 seconds " HR 5843 would not affect laws on growing , importing , exporting marijuana
CNN  -- They are global sporting superstars , and they 've got a story to tell . From former Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson to ex-England captain David Beckham it seems everyone is releasing autobiographies in a blaze of promotion and headline grabbing excerpts -- and all in time for Christmas . But whether the intention is to set the record straight , settle a few old scores or simply tell it like it is , the majority tend to live and die by their ghost writer . Trying to capture the authenticity of the subject 's voice and cram the book full of interesting anecdotes can be a daunting task . But with the help of one respected author of several big football autobiographies , Ian Ridley , whose book on former England captain Tony Adams sold a million copies , here are 10 key components to a successful sporting tome . Story telling Perhaps the most obvious commandment for any sporting book is that the subject matter has to be interesting . While a big name can usually be guaranteed to bring with them a loyal following who will buy whatever they release , the more casual observer needs a little more persuasion . Ridley 's most famous subject was former England soccer captain Tony Adams , who famously battled alcohol addiction throughout the most successful parts of his career . Another focused on former footballer Steve Claridge 's issues with betting while his most recent , on former English Premier League referee Mark Halsey dealt with his recovery from cancer . "  The subject of the book has to be honest about these things , " Ridley told CNN . "  As a writer you have to press ever detail out of them and make sure you draw out the material . " Capture the voice Any book must bring the character to life in their own words -- it is no good having David Beckham hypothesizing over the French renaissance period . But get the ex-England captain talking about the influence of Alex Ferguson on his career or any of his famous ` hairdryer ' moments and people will be gripped . "  You have to capture their voice , " Ridley explains . "  Ghostwriting is much more of a skill than is recognized . " One good example is the recent autobiography of Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic , entitled ' I am Zlatan ' , that manages to captures his supreme confidence . For instance , the Paris Saint-Germain forward , who continually refers to himself in the third person , notes : "  An injured Zlatan is a properly serious thing for any team . " Mining the seam The odd five minute chat here or there is n't going to cut it -- an author needs to live and breathe his subject for months if not years . That dictum is especially crucial if your sporting figure is n't particularly effusive at the outset -- as the relationship between the two grows so does the material . "  With the Adams book  the process  took about 18 months , " Ridley said . "  Do n't forget this was in the days before the Internet , which meant research was a lot more time consuming . Initially we did three months of interviews -- about 40 hours of tape . " Lessen outside influences Obviously , the publisher is king in the process but Ridley says it is important to keep their influence -- and pressure -- to a minimum . "  I have never been under pressure from a publisher and I have never extended a deadline , " he said . "  As a journalist you are used to meeting deadlines and of course you do n't get paid until you deliver the manuscript . "  I have never been told how to structure a book , though in the editing process they might come back and say we need more of this and we would have a discussion about that . " Any publicity is good publicity That old adage rings true even more than ever in the instant digital world of today . Despite huge chunks of Ferguson 's books being reproduced -- much to the chagrin of his ghostwriter Paul Hayward -- it helped get the juicier bits of the text out in front of the public . "  You get worried they are ignoring the depth of the book , " Ridley says . "  Such is the difficulty of selling books . But any publicity is good publicity . "  There is n't the bravery or the courage anymore in publishing especially with anything that is n't mainstream . " Drown out the detractors Any autobiography worth its weight is bound to offend someone or other -- the more the better in terms of publicity -- but it is important the author sticks to his guns . Ridley 's book on Adams contained a plethora of sensational snippets from the footballer " s life , not all of them savory and saccharine . When the proofs were sent to David Dein -- then former vice-president of Adams ' club Arsenal -- he was deeply unhappy says Ridley and was worried it painted the club in a bad light . But after pointing out the consequences to Dein of attempting to gag Adams , Ridley saw the ex-Arsenal vice-president 's attitude completely change upon the book 's publication . "  When the book was released Dein came over to me with a smile on his face and said it was flying off the shelves in the club shop . He was delighted . " Get it serialized Any self respecting autobiography must be trailed in a leading national newspaper to ensure maximum coverage ahead of its release . Not only does this help to prick the nation 's consciousness it can provide some valuable income in a world where the digital market is shredding the publishing industry slowly and steadily . Serialization deals sometimes outweigh the advance for a book thanks to a lot of big names releasing books than turned out to be big duds . "  The publishing industry is in a mess in terms of the digital revolution , especially selling books in hard cover and paperback , " Ridley said . "  Publishers have been burnt by ordinary sports books that were so dull , but that huge sums had been paid for . Now advances are very poor and you get what you can for serialization rights . " Press the flesh Despite smashing UK sales records by selling 115,547 in its first week of release and making # 1.4 million  $ 2.24 m  , Ferguson is still hitting the road for a series of speaking events to promote his autobiography . All but one of the six dates dotted around the UK have sold out and cost # 40 a ticket , which includes a signed copy of the book that is currently retailing at # 25  $ 40  . Not only does this help with sales but it also helps to keep Ferguson and his book in the public eye , with many newspapers -- both regional and national -- covering the events . Embrace the digital revolution These days social media plays a huge role in the promotion of sports books with Twitter and Facebook campaigns an integral part of any launch . As part of Beckham 's media blitz the public were invited to a ` global book signing ' via the former Los Angeles Galaxy star 's Facebook page , whch has 30.5 million ` likes . ' . Fans from across the globe were able to get a personalized digital autograph on e-books from Beckham , during a session that included a question and answer section . "  I always like innovative and original ideas , " said Beckham . "  What has been created is ambitious but it should be a fantastic event . "  I love the interaction with my fans , but not only will I be able to do this in London , I will be able to sign for them in locations across the world . " Be determined An extension of ` drowning out the detractors ' includes a commitment to getting the book out on the streets in the first place . When Ridley and Halsey lost a publishing deal they determined to print it themselves -- in Lithuania . There followed three months of under-the-radar work that felt like the plot of a spy novel , " Ridley said . "  For guns , read books . I was introduced to a middle man who ran the merchandise to printers in Lithuania . " But the hard work has been worth it with Halsey 's book garnering bags of column inches in the media and plenty of publicity . Ian Ridley is the author of Mark Halsey 's autobiography Added Time : Surviving Cancer , Death Threats and the Premier League .	Several high-profile figures have recently released sporting autobiographies Alex Ferguson , David Beckham and Zlatan Ibrahimovic all have books out But what are the 10 key commandments for a successfully ghostwritten tome ? Author Ian Ridley explains the vital ingredients necessary to produce a best seller
CNN  -- Phillip Garrido was registered as a sex offender , regularly visited by parole officers and fitted with an ankle bracelet to track his movements -- but nothing prevented him from being around children , according to a victims ' advocacy group . Phillip Garrido , a registered sex offender , was arraigned in California on Friday . Garrido is charged with kidnapping Jaycee Lee Dugard in 1991 , when she was 11 , and raping her over the course of years . Police say Dugard lived in a huddle of tents and outbuildings hidden behind Garrido 's home , and gave birth to two daughters , now 11 and 15 , fathered by Garrido . Garrido and his wife Nancy were arrested last week . Both have pleaded not guilty . "  Here we have a guy who is essentially under every kind of supervision we allow . Law enforcement had every tool available to them , and -LSB- the tools -RSB- failed , " said Robert Coombs , spokesman for the California Coalition Against Sexual Assault . Gordon Hinkle , spokesman for the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , said a parole officer visited Garrido at his home , sometimes unannounced , twice a month . Garrido was also required to go to the agent 's office once or twice a month , Hinkle said . Garrido wore a GPS anklet , and his movements were tracked passively , Hinkle said , meaning parole officers checked his location after the fact , as opposed to active monitoring , which involves watching parolees ' comings and goings in real time . Despite the tight supervision , Garrido "  was technically allowed to be around minors , " Coombs said , because his parole stemmed from the November 1976 rape of Katie Callaway Hall , who was 25 at the time of the assault . He was sentenced in 1977 to 50 years at the federal penitentiary in Leavenworth , Kansas , for kidnapping , because he abducted Hall in California and transported her across the state line to Reno , Nevada , where he raped her in a warehouse , according to court documents . A Nevada court separately sentenced him to five years to life for the rape conviction , the Reno Gazette-Journal reported . While in prison in 1978 , Garrido sent a handwritten letter to Judge Bruce R. Thompson , saying he was recovering from seven years of LSD use and progressing well . "  I am so ashamed of my past . But my future is now in controle -LSB- sic -RSB- , " he wrote . Court documents show Garrido requested that his 50-year sentence be reduced to 25 , making him eligible for parole in eight years , "  where he could be released to the state of Nevada as an educated person and being a rehabilitated person . " According to a 1978 court transcript , attorney Willard Van Hazel Jr. told a judge , "  Without the influence of any of this drug involvement , I think Mr. Garrido would pause before carrying out sexual fantasies . " After more than a decade at Leavenworth , Garrido received a federal parole but was sent to Carson City , Nevada , in January 1988 to serve his rape sentence . However , according to the Reno Gazette-Journal , he was automatically eligible for state parole because of the time served in federal prison . The Nevada Offender Tracking Information System indicates he appeared four times before the parole board , which granted his request in August 1988 , about 11 years after he was incarcerated . He moved to Antioch , California . Three years later , 11-year-old Dugard was abducted from her home in South Lake Tahoe , California , about 100 miles northeast . "  He served about 20 percent of his sentence , and it does n't take a mathematician to figure out if he served only one-third of his sentence , Jaycee Dugard does n't end up in the predicament that she 's in , " said Andy Kahan , a crime victims ' advocate in Houston , Texas . Citing revised federal sentencing guidelines , Kahan and Illinois defense attorney Stephen Komie concur that this is not something that could happen today . "  If he got 50 years , say , he would have 600 months . He would only get 50 months off . He would do 550 months , " Komie said . "  So this would not be repeated in the federal system again . " Added Kahan , "  You 're going to have to do at least a minimum of half of your term without any good time credits before you can even see the light of day or say hello to a parole board member . " In 1993 , five years after his release from a Nevada prison , Garrido was jailed on a parole violation , but it 's unclear what that offense was . Tom Hutchinson , spokesman for the U.S. Parole Commission , said documents have been requested and should be available later this week . Garrido was released later that year . California took over his parole supervision in 1999 , Hinkle said , but regular visits did nothing to unearth Dugard 's abduction or Garrido 's backyard secrets . Another visit by law enforcement was the direct result of a 2006 call a neighbor made to 911 , reporting that women and children were living in tents behind Garrido 's house . Contra Costa County Sheriff Warren E. Rupf said he did n't think the deputy who responded knew at the time that Garrido was a sex offender and the deputy spoke to Garrido in the home 's front yard . "  We should have been more inquisitive , more curious and turned over a rock or two , " the sheriff said . "  We missed an opportunity to bring earlier closure to this situation . " Hinkle acknowledged that neighbors called police again with a similar complaint in 2008 . To his knowledge , Hinkle said , the deputy did n't contact Garrido 's parole officer in either instance . Even if the deputy had made contact , there is no guarantee the parole officer would have found the compound . It was that well-hidden , Hinkle said . "  If you were to walk in the backyard , you would see a fence that ran from one end to the other , " Hinkle said , describing how the fence created the illusion of a "  false backyard . " "  It would not be immediately apparent that -LSB- the tents and outbuildings were -RSB- back there , " he said . Kahan partially blames the economics of the criminal justice system -- not just in California , but nationwide -- and said Garrido likely became less of a priority as the time since his crimes passed . Despite the heinous nature of Garrido 's 1976 crime , it paled in comparison to allegedly holding a young girl hostage and raping her for 18 years , Coombs said . "  Nothing in this guy 's case history indicated he was capable of such evil , if you will , " he said . "  It was so far out of the picture , they did n't even look for it . " Rather than there not being enough money to fund the proper supervision of parolees , it 's more a matter of priorities , Coombs said , citing the GPS device Garrido wore on his ankle . Although CALCASA has no official tally , it estimates California has spent roughly $ 500 million on GPS devices for 6,600 of the state 's sex offenders . Garrido was fitted with a device after 2006 when voters OK 'd a law requiring felony sex offenders to wear tracking devices for life . "  We know where this guy is , so we think we 're safe , " he said , "  but the place where we knew he was was the place where he was offending . GPS just tells you where they are . It does n't tell you what they 're doing . " Each dollar spent on GPS equipment "  is one dollar you 're not spending on real , traditional parole techniques , like talking to collateral contacts and neighbors , " he said . Coombs also criticized the lack of communication across jurisdictions . Had Garrido 's parole officer received a call from police and spoken to the neighbor who made the 911 call in 2006 , authorities might have found Dugard three years earlier , Coombs said . Hinkle said the officer who flushed out Garrido 's alleged crimes had only been supervising him since December . When the officer learned from campus police that Garrido had 11 - and 15-year-old girls in tow while proselytizing at the University of California-Berkeley , he called Garrido in for a meeting . Garrido arrived with his wife , Dugard and the two girls . Hinkle would not provide details of the conversation -- it could affect the investigation and prosecution , he said -- but he did say Garrido and his wife were not forthcoming about Dugard 's and the girls ' identities . It was the parole officer 's diligence that ultimately yielded the Garridos ' arrest and Dugard and her daughters ' freedom . Said Hinkle , "  They were coming in being elusive and deceptive about their identities , and the agent would not let go . " CNN 's Mallory Simon , Irving Last and Kiran Chetry contributed to this report .	NEW : Parole officer may have seen "  false backyard , " suspected nothing , official says NEW : Spokesman : Deputy did n't call parole officer after 911 calls about Garrido Garrido was released from prison early after saying he had drug use under control Garrido likely became lower priority as time since his crimes passed , expert says
Washington  CNN  -- Additional information received recently by a United Nations watchdog group raises new concerns about the intent of Iran 's nuclear program . "  Based on the agency 's analysis of additional information which has come to its attention since August 2008 , including new information recently received , there are further concerns which the agency also needs to clarify with Iran , " the confidential report by the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  stated in a section about a potential military dimension to the program . The report , obtained Friday , does not elaborate on the new information . However , it does discuss possible nuclear activities tied to Iran 's military "  including activities related to the development of a nuclear payload for a missile . " The IAEA assessment appears to be in sync with a new U.S. intelligence community report . According to a U.S. official , the National Intelligence Estimate concludes that Iran has resumed research on building a warhead . The official , who is familiar with the report but is not authorized to speak for attribution about the sensitive document , said there is no indication Iran is manufacturing any components , but "  research on weaponization is moving forward . " The new National Intelligence Estimate updates a controversial assessment in 2007 , which indicated Iran had stopped work on its weaponization program in 2003 . Many western intelligence services disagreed with the U.S. conclusion at the time . At a recent U.S. Senate hearing , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper appeared to allude to the latest assessment , telling senators that Iran "  continues to advance its uranium enrichment capabilities along with what appears to be the scientific , technical and industrial capacity to produce nuclear weapons if its leaders choose to do so . " Iran claims its uranium enrichment program is intended for civilian energy purposes , however the United States and others maintain Iran is seeking to produce fissile material for nuclear weapons . The new IAEA report indicates that Iran is continuing to enrich uranium despite a U.N. prohibition . Former nuclear weapons inspector David Albright said he would have expected the enrichment rate to be higher based on earlier performance . He said the Iranians might be having ongoing problems with centrifuges , some of which could be after-effects of the STUXNET computer worm that reportedly infected the system last year . Iran continues to use the less sophisticated IR-1 centrifuge machines . But according to the report , Iran has notified the IAEA of its intentions to install two new 164 centrifuge cascades comprised of IR-2 and IR-4 centrifuges . Albright , the president of the Institute for Science and International Security , says the more advanced machines should significantly increase the production of enriched uranium at a lower failure rate . The IAEA chastised Iran for its continued stonewalling of the agency . "  Iran is not providing the necessary cooperation to enable the agency to provide credible assurance about the absence of undeclared nuclear material and activities in Iran , and therefore to conclude that all nuclear materials in Iran is in peaceful activities , " the report said . Albright noted a tonal shift in the latest assessment . "  The IAEA seems to be running out of patience with Iran , " said Albright , adding , "  this could lead to more sanctions " against Iran by the international community .	New report indicates concern about a possible military dimension to the program A 2007 intelligence assessment said Iran had stopped weaponization research in 2003 A U.S. official says that research is now "  moving forward "
Paris , France  CNN  -- The French foreign ministry Thursday said a photograph of seven hostages in Niger -- including five French nationals -- has been authenticated and is an "  encouraging sign " showing the hostages are alive . "  On September 30th a television network broadcast a photograph of the seven people who were kidnapped in Arlit -LSB- Niger -RSB- on September 16th , including five French nationals , " the foreign ministry statement said . "  Even if we do not know what date it was taken , it is an encouraging sign as it shows all the hostages alive . All state services are mobilized and are doing everything they can to free them . " The photograph was also posted on an al Qaeda-linked website , along with audio of what appeared to be the hostages responding to rapid questions from an unknown man . Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  , the terror movement 's affiliate in North Africa , claimed responsibility for the abductions of the six men and one woman , who are all linked with the French nuclear reactor builder Areva . The group included an Areva employee and his wife , along with five subcontractors who worked for the French construction firm Vinci . A spokesman for French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's office said Sunday that France was "  ready to discuss " the hostages ' release . On the recording , four men and one woman are heard giving information , including name , age , nationality , hometown , job title and marital status . All the hostages said they are French and gave the names of French cities as their hometowns . One man and the woman , who said they are married , gave their ages as 59 and 62 . Three others said they are 25 , 30 and 33 . The photograph showed seven people sitting on the ground . Six were men , and the seventh person 's face was intentionally blurred . Behind them stood people with covered faces , carrying large guns . Officials for Areva and Vinci say they have beefed up security measures for their employees in the area and are working closely with both Nigerien and French authorities to secure the release of the hostages . French military planes have been flying reconnaissance missions from the airport in Niamey , Niger 's capital , trying to locate the hostages or their abductors . Areva has been mining uranium for the past four decades in Niger , one of the poorest countries in the world . French director Michel Germaneau was abducted in Niger and executed in July in nearby Mauritania . A video showed Germaneau 's photo along with images of the French flag and al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb 's black-and-white flag .	A photograph showing seven hostages is an ` encouraging sign , ' France says Five of the hostages in Niger are French nationals The group 's September 16 kidnapping was claimed by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb
CNN  -- Coming off two days of demonstrations , Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry warned Saturday that it would crack down on protesters who continue to take their grievances to the streets . Saudi security forces will be "  authorized to take all measures against anyone who tries to break the law and cause disorder , " the ministry said , according to the country 's state-run news agency . The government cited how some were trying "  to get around the systems " and "  achieve illegitimate goals . " The Interior Ministry spokesman said that kingdom law prevents all kinds of demonstrations , protests , strikes and even a call for them because they 're against Sharia law and Saudi values and traditions . In response , Ibrahim al-Mugaiteeb , president of the Human Rights First Society , told CNN that the Interior Ministry is "  not at all sensitive " to the massive unrest sweeping the Arab world . "  I 'm hoping that the Ministry of the Interior and the government of Saudi Arabia will not choose to take the security solution road because that was already tested in other Arab countries and , by God , it did not work , " said al-Mugaiteeb , who 's in Saudi Arabia . On Saturday , the Saudi government downplayed Friday 's protests in the Eastern Province , saying the people were n't calling for a regime change . "  The protests that took place in the Eastern Province were small and were not political in nature , " a Saudi government official told CNN . "  The protesters were n't calling for regime change , they were asking for more jobs and calling for release of prisoners they feel were imprisoned unjustly . " The official , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media , said Friday 's protest was not worrisome . "  We do n't feel they will spread throughout the kingdom or become bigger in nature , " he said . Demonstrators who protested in Eastern Province were demanding the release of Shiite prisoners they feel are being held without cause . An outspoken Shiite prayer leader who demonstrators say was arrested more than a week ago was a focal point of the "  day of rage " protest , said Ibrahim al-Mugaiteeb , president of the Human Rights First Society . Sheikh Tawfeeq Al-Amer was arrested Sunday after he gave a sermon two days earlier , on February 25 , stating that Saudi Arabia should become a constitutional monarchy , human rights activists said . Friday 's protest comes on the heels of two similar demonstrations held in the province Thursday , al-Mugaiteeb said , when about 200 protesters in the city of Qatif and 100 protesters in the city of Awamiyya called for the release of Shiite prisoners . Al-Mugaiteeb said authorities arrested 22 people who participated in Thursday 's protest in Qatif . "  We deplore this action by the Saudi security forces , " he said . Another protest took place in Riyadh after Friday prayer , according to two Saudi activists . The sources asked not to be identified because of concerns for their safety . According to the activists , as many as 40 anti-government demonstrators gathered outside Al-Rajhi Mosque for a short protest . At least one man involved in organizing the protest was arrested by Saudi police , the activists said . The activists said the protesters attracted a crowd of worshipers leaving the mosque . Some of the protesters carried signs showing a map of Saudi Arabia that did not contain the words "  Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , " a clear affront to the Saudi royal family . The government official told CNN that he was not aware of any protests or arrests in Riyadh . When asked about the various rights groups in the kingdom who have been calling for the creation of a constitutional monarchy over the course of the past 2 weeks , the government official on Saturday stated , "  Yes , there are groups here asking for more rights , calling for constitutional reforms , and that is their right to do so . King Abdullah has always encouraged a national dialogue and continues to do so . " The official insisted that the king "  is doing all he can to improve things for Saudis . " "  But in Saudi Arabia -- it 's not like other countries -- we do n't have or allow protests here . If people have a grievance , they can go and address it with the governors of their provinces or they can go to the Royal Court and address grievances directly there , " the official said . Saudi Arabia has cracked down on protests in the past . Shiites are a minority in Saudi Arabia . They live primarily in the Eastern Province , where many major oil companies operate . The protests come as sectarian violence between Shiites and Sunnis flares in neighboring Bahrain . Analysts believe protests in Bahrain could spill over into Saudi Arabia 's oil fields , located mostly in Shiite provinces . After three months abroad for medical treatment , Saudi King Abdullah returned home late last month to a Middle East shaken by unrest , and announced a series of sweeping measures aimed at relieving economic hardship and meeting with Bahrain 's beleaguered monarch . The Saudi government released three Shiite political prisoners ahead of the king 's return .	NEW : Security forces can take "  all measures " against lawbreakers NEW : Demonstrations are illegal under Saudi and Sharia law The focus of Friday 's protest is a Shiite prayer leader arrested last week
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Terrorism , a slow economy and rising gas prices are issues that can keep American voters awake at night . Undecided voters gathered at Emory University , where Dr. Drew Westen studies how brains react to messages . Political strategists know that the most successful candidates are masters at capitalizing on fears such as these , and that can make a huge difference at the polls . In 1964 , Lyndon Johnson was running for president against conservative Barry Goldwater when his campaign unleashed the "  daisy ad . " It showed a little girl counting as she plucked a daisy , charmingly mixing up her numbers . Then a baritone voice takes over , counting down to an overwhelming nuclear explosion . It 's followed with a warning that the stakes are too high not to vote for Johnson . The ad , which ran only once , was so chilling and effective , analysts say , it helped Johnson win the presidency by one of the widest margins in U.S. history . CNN recently gathered eight undecided voters to see how they would respond to attack ads and how the ads might affect their choices . They met at Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia , where psychologist Drew Westen studies how brains react to candidates ' messages . Westen , who wrote "  The Political Brain , " said fear-based attack ads are effective because they tap into a voter 's subconscious . "  Those kinds of gut-level reactions tell us things like , ' I do n't feel like this person is telling us the truth , ' " Westen said . "  Unless someone is a really good con man , those reactions are extremely helpful . The conscious brain processes only a tiny percent of information . " Westen and his business partner , Joel Weinberger , have created software , through their company ThinkScan , that looks into a voter 's subconscious . The software does this by measuring people 's reaction time to certain words after they watch attack ads . The undecided voters in CNN 's group watched the ads and were then asked to identify the color of words such as "  weak , " "  inexperienced " and "  terrorist . " If they hesitated , even for one-thousandth of a second , before they clicked on the color that corresponded with the word , Weinberger said , it meant the word had an impact . "  If the word is on their mind , if the word was activated , it will slow them down , " Weinberger said . Westen predicted that the undecided voters would say they did n't like the ads and that the ads had no impact on them . He was right . The group watched Hillary Clinton 's "  3 a.m. " campaign ad , which was intended to make voters question Barack Obama 's experience . Viewers said that the ad was fear-mongering and that it did not make them think Clinton was a stronger leader than Obama . But the data , Westen said , showed that their brains reacted differently . Voters had the greatest hesitation with words like "  weak " and "  lightweight " during the color test . Westen said this meant the ad made them question Obama 's readiness . "  The purpose , too , is to make him seem scary , dangerous . ` You need to be afraid of this guy as president , ' " Westen said . "  That message unconsciously got through . " The undecided voters also watched an ad attacking John McCain for saying the U.S. could be in Iraq for the next 100 years . After watching the ad , the group gave it a thumbs-down . But researchers said the data showed that it left them feeling McCain has poor judgment and is too close to President Bush . The results were identical when the same test was given to a much larger group of 100 voters . This happens because the ads trigger a response in the part of the brain called the amygdala , which experiences emotions such as fear . When it is aroused , it overrides logic , according to Westen . Despite the ability of attack ads to affect voters ' subconscious thinking , Westen cautions that fear-based ads are risky because they can backfire . What advice does Westen have for presidential hopefuls ? "  They should make voters feel inspired by them and worried about their opponent at the same time , " Westen said . "  It works . "	Fear-based attack ads are sometimes used by candidates to influence voters CNN gathered eight undecided voters to measure the impact of attack ads Psychologist Drew Westen says fear-based ads appeal to voters ' subconscious
CNN  -- Italian Simone Bertazzo climbs into the cockpit of his Ferrari . He straps on his helmet and slides his hands into his gloves . In his mind he prepares to go fast -- very fast . Over the next two minutes he will navigate a hair-raising track , grappling for control of his "  Prancing Horse " at speeds in excess of 90 mph as his body strains and contorts . But Bertazzo is not behind the wheel of a Formula One car and perhaps even more disconcertingly there 's no safety belt to restrain him should things go awry . Instead he is at the front end of a bobsled and the driver for the Italian team heading to the 2014 Winter Games . The bobsled Bertazzo and compatriots will pilot is the latest product of collaboration between the Italian Olympic Committee  CONI  and the country 's legendary automotive manufacturer , who are providing design input to hopefully deliver medal success in Sochi in next year 's Winter Olympics . "  The idea was to share the knowledge between our institute and Ferrari to try to improve all the sports where technology plays a big part in the results , " CONI deputy general secretary Carlo Mornati told CNN . "  The first option was to start with something that was very similar to the cars , to F1 and I think , in the world of sport , the bobsled was the first option . " Ferrari is synonymous with high performance , from its sleek , stylish road cars to the F1 machines which have made it the most the most successful constructor in the sport 's history . CONI 's partnership with Ferrari dates back to 2006 , with a Maranello-designed sled taking to the track at the 2010 Winter Games in Vancouver , Canada . Two years later at the Youth Olympics in Innsbruck , Austria , Ferrari 's two-man sled was piloted to gold by Patrick Baumgartner and Alessandro Grande . Now Bertazzo will bid to replicate his younger countrymen 's success by guiding his sled to the top of the podium in February . "  Ferrari has listened to our advice to the letter , studying every little detail and CONI has played a crucial role in coordination , " Bertazzo said in a statement released by the CONI earlier this month . F1 and bobsled are sports where thousandths of a second can be the difference between success and failure , small margins within which Ferrari 's team of engineers are used to operating . "  We have selected from our F1 team and our road cars department some engineers who have achieved some brilliant results in F1 and were looking for new opportunities within the company , " explained Ferrari engineer Ferdinando Cannizzo . "  After that we set up a brand new team , defined a new area and put this team to work on this new program . "  Clearly a new team is a new challenge , but it seems that results are coming , so we succeed . " CONI is not the only Olympic committee looking to motorsport for a competitive edge . The British team will be riding a sled developed in conjunction with McLaren , while the Americans will be piloting a BMW-crafted sled at the newly-built Sanki sliding center . But Ferrari 's involvement with CONI does n't end with bobsled . Other winter disciplines such as skiing have benefited from wind tunnel testing and Ferrari 's knowledge of aerodynamics , as well as Summer Games sports such as archery , rowing , canoeing and kayaking . Ferrari 's work in all of those events involves helping an object move through the air , water or snow with minimal drag , which is where aerodynamics engineer Luciano Mariella comes in . "  At the moment our aerodynamic approach is based on wind tunnel tests and numerical simulation based on commutation of fluid dynamics , " explained Mariella . "  This is the most important approach because every tool has its strengths and weaknesses and the integrated approach is telling us how to achieve the best possible results . " If Mariella and his team get in right , then there should be nothing but clear air between the Italian team and Olympic gold in Sochi .	Italy will ride a Ferrari-designed bobsled at the 2012 Winter Games Italian Olympic Committee has been partnered with Ferrari since 2006 A Ferrari bobsled won gold for Italy at the 2010 World Youth Games
CNN  -- For five years , Michael Emerson was the villain who stole just about every scene on "  Lost . "  And he has the Emmy to prove it . He was such an important part of that landmark series that it only seemed to make sense that he ended up on the side of good , keeping watch on the island when it was all over . Now Emerson is on the island of Manhattan , filming "  Person of Interest , " one of the top dramas on television . On the CBS sci-fi procedural , Emerson plays Finch , a mysterious genius whose creation , the Machine , can predict crimes before they happen . This time , his character 's motives are more pure . Emerson spoke to CNN about settling into this new role , an accidental visit to the set of "  Gossip Girl " and his old friend from "  Lost , " Terry O'Quinn . CNN : Now that you have a year under your belt , is Finch still a mystery to you ? Emerson : He 's still a bit mysterious to me . I play it every day and I hope I play it well . I do n't have a very elaborate mental biography for him , I must say . I think he must evidently be a lot like me , because whatever my instincts are about the scenes tend to be the things that get used . CNN : Would you describe him as a good guy at this point ? Emerson : I do n't think his altruism is in doubt . If anything he has misgivings about the purity of his suicide mission for justice . CNN : With so many productions going on in New York , I heard you had a run in with one of them . Emerson : One day we were shooting downtown in the financial district . We just finished a scene and the company was breaking up to go to lunch . I do n't know if I stood and gabbed with somebody on the curb . Next thing , I looked up and could n't find anybody from our company , and I guess I zoned out when they drove me there in the van because I could n't remember which direction I came from . I started walking and I got to another camp and it looked like ours . But it was another show . -LSB- Laughs -RSB- I 'm sure they would have fed me . I think it was -LSB- "  Gossip Girl " -RSB- . What if it were more surreal or absurd , where characters from "  Person of Interest " walked into "  Big Bang Theory " or something like that ? That 's a fun idea that has been completely unexplored . CNN : Do you run into your old friend from "  Lost , " Terry O'Quinn , who is shooting  the now-canceled-but-still-in-production  "  666 Park Avenue ? " Emerson : It 's fun to have an old pal from the other island here on this island . He lives less than 20 blocks away from me . We get together every week or 10 days . It is a bit -LSB- like old times -RSB- . It 's just the setting is more urban and we 're much better dressed . We both have really nice clothes in the shows we 're doing now . CNN : What did you two have in common on "  Lost ? " Emerson : To start with , we had age . We were both the oldest guys on that show . We had many more things in common : small town Midwestern backgrounds , and we both moved to big cities to pursue the unlikely dream of being an actor . We both ended up accidentally on a big series . We had some of the same work habits . We had so many things in common . We had a bunch of the best scenes on the series . It was good , intense , dark work and yet we had good laughs doing it . CNN : So you were a villain and now you 're a hero . Emerson : I 'll stick with that . Villains generally are more fun , but they 're hard to maintain . I guess anything is hard to maintain in TV land . I 'm happy that my character on "  Person of Interest " has enough ambiguity that it 's still compelling in that villain way , except he 's not . He does operate on the wrong side of the law so at least we have that . CNN : Do you ever talk about projects you can do with your wife , Carrie Preston  "  True Blood "  ? Emerson : We sometimes talk about plays we 'd like to do together . That shows how our minds work . I shot a few scenes with her on "  Person of Interest , " which was a great pleasure . We 'd never done TV work together . CNN : What about a guest spot on "  True Blood " ? Emerson : I 'd be happy to do it , but I do n't think it 's ever going to happen . I ca n't go on there and play anything sinister because I 've kind of done that . I guess I could play an innocent . I 've said I 'd be happy to play a humble human who gets torn apart by supernatural beings . The characters I like on that show are the most ancient ones . I like Godric . I like thinking about how he looks like he 's 19 but he 's 2000 years old . CNN : And what was it like voicing the Joker in the "  Dark Knight Returns " DVD movie ? Emerson : If I knew how significant it was to play that role in that franchise , I think I would have been terrified when I took it . I must have been busy or distracted , because I went in there carefree . I had not seen these recent big screen "  Batmans . " That 's probably a blessing . Later when I saw Heath Ledger , I thought "  Oh , God . If I 'd have seen this , I might not have done it . " As it was , my only role model was Cesar Romero , and I thought , surely I can do as well as Cesar Romero . CNN : Did you get to laugh ? Emerson : I did . It was a chance not to be repressed or contained . All the shows I do , it 's all about keeping a lid on it or staying small . When you play the Joker , the sky 's the limit . You can turn that thing up to 11 . I know it 's a franchise where people have very high expectations and loyalties to whomever has played before , so I hope they 'll accept me .	Following ` Lost , ' Michael Emerson has settled into hit series ` Person of Interest ' He spends lots of time with former co-star Terry O'Quinn on a new island , New York Emerson voices the Joker in an upcoming animated film Emerson 's wife , Carrie Preston of ` True Blood , ' guest stars this week
CNN  -- The winners of the 2012 Webby Awards were announced on Tuesday , Established in 1996 , the Webby Awards are arguably the Internet 's best-known honors . After starting small , the Webbys now hand out more than 100 awards each year . Many of each year 's honorees tend to be celebrities , big companies or well-known online entities . Among this year 's big winners are Pinterest  best social media app  , photo-sharing app Instagram  breakout of the year  , and the comedian Louis C.K. , honored by the Webbys for creating "  a new precedent for distribution " by releasing his comedy special through his own website . A raft of advertising and corporate website awards have also been added over the years . But the Internet being the Internet , there will always be lesser-known , innovative and downright quirky winners as well . Here 's a look at five Webby Award winners we think are worth a closer look . Draw A Stickman  Best Use of Animation or Motion Graphics Are you frustrated that your masterpieces on "  Draw Something " ca n't come to life ? Or maybe you 're just nostalgic for "  Simon in the Land of Chalk Drawings , " the '70s animated feature in which the things Simon draws come true ? Worry no more . "  Draw a Stickman " is here to help . Available both as a website and a mobile app , the premise is simple . Draw a stick figure , or a more fleshed-out character if you have the drawing chops . Then click "  play " on one of two episodes currently available and watch your drawing get animated through an adventure that will require you to help him , or her , along by drawing new items such as a key needed to unlock a box . When you 're done , you can share the results via social media , browse a gallery of other users ' drawings or even buy a T-shirt with your drawing on it . Counterspill  Activism website Winner of judges ' and People 's Choice Webbys , Counterspill is a nonprofit site devoted to reporting information about natural disasters involving oil , coal and other energy companies . The site 's scope is impressive . Not only does it track such recent events as the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and the accident at the Fukushima nuclear plant , but it also documents historical events dating all the way back to the 1940s . The site unabashedly has a political slant . It aims to counteract what it calls spin by energy companies and governments in the wake of disasters .  The companies and government agencies involved in disasters are deemed "  culprits . " Among the site 's partners is Chris Paine , director of the acclaimed documentaries "  Who Killed the Electric Car ? " and "  Revenge of the Electric Car . " Clouds 365 Project  Personal Blog For artist Kelly DeLay , it started in 2009 as a personal challenge : Shoot a still image or video of clouds for 365 consecutive days as a way to ensure he did something creative every day . "  I wanted this practice of observation to be tied into the fabric of my life -- the habit of looking up and noticing the patterns and beauty of the clouds that envelop us every single day , " he wrote . Three years and more than 1,000 images later , he 's still going . His site has become not just a beautiful gallery  it 's astounding how each day 's formation looks different from the last  but a reminder to us all to tap into the creative spirit when we can . The Human Body  Mobile apps , Education & Reference Whether you 're a medical student or just a curious amateur anatomist , this iPad-only app gives as detailed a look at the inner workings of our bodies as you can imagine on a mobile device . It features over 270 high-resolution images that let users zoom in and out as well as a "  3D rotatable human body with selectable layers . " If that 's not interactive enough , it also promises "  functions you can feel " -- letting you grab your iPad to feel lungs breathe , a heart beat and even the movement of nerve impulses . The Creators Project  Music Vice , in a partnership with Intel , launched The Creators Project as a way to support artists in music , visual arts , dance and other disciplines who use technology as part of their work . Now entering its third year , The Creators Project publishes a daily blog and hosts an online community of millions who come to either take part or see the art that 's created through the project . It sponsors a content-creation studio and has partnered with public events like the Coachella music festival to highlight the work of its artists . Artists can apply to be part of the studio , or any user can nominate an artist they think is deserving .	The 2012 Webby Awards winners were announced Tuesday Some celebrities won , but many were lesser-known honorees Activism , animation , education , blog and music winners are profiled
CNN  -- The family of long-missing former FBI agent Robert Levinson has renewed its request for a meeting with the bureau 's new director following reports Levinson had been working for the CIA when he vanished , the family 's lawyer said Monday . Levinson disappeared on a trip to Iran in 2007 , and U.S. officials say they have no idea where he is now . The Associated Press and The Washington Post reported last week that he had been working as a contractor for the CIA , but the White House said Levinson "  was not a U.S. government employee " when he disappeared . Family attorney David McGee said Levinson 's relatives were supposed to meet with FBI Director James Comey about the case long before it became publicly known that Levinson was working for the CIA . The FBI has delayed previously scheduled meetings since Comey took over as director in September , McGee says . A U.S. law enforcement official said the FBI is working to set up that meeting with Comey , who has been traveling extensively , and the bureau hopes to arrange that meeting soon . Missing American Robert Levinson not ` abandoned ' in Iran , John Kerry says Levinson , now 65 , had gone to Iran on a mission to investigate corruption involving the laundering of oil profits by Iranian officials , including former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , according to a source . Iran has consistently denied having any knowledge of Levinson 's whereabouts , and there has been no sign of him since a 2010 video . At the time of his disappearance , the State Department said he was on a private business trip investigating cigarette smuggling and said he was not working for the government . His family had also said he was n't working for the government . Levinson was on the CIA books as an "  analyst , " to write academic papers , with money laundering a particular area of expertise , McGee said . But in reality , Levinson was an operative traveling overseas , recruiting , and interviewing sources . McGee said records he found show "  without a shadow of a doubt " that Levinson was a CIA contract employee on a rogue assignment in Iran for the agency when he disappeared . After Levinson disappeared , McGee said he called people at the CIA to tell them they had a man missing . Nothing happened , McGee said . When the Levinson family first went to the Senate Intelligence Committee for help , staffers contacted the CIA and at that point , the CIA told them "  they have no connection with him at all , " McGee said . White House : Levinson not a government employee when he made Iran trip The family then found documentation and returned to the Intelligence Committee , giving staffers what they call "  smoking gun " evidence . The documents included Levinson 's contract and expense reports that detailed his previous assignments , including a detailed 2006 report of his work on a separate mission regarding Iran 's nuclear program . That mission did not take him to Iran . The family also had e-mails regarding his pending 2007 trip to Iran involving his instructions with Dawud Salahuddin , an American fugitive who lives in Iran . Salahuddin has said he met with Levinson in a hotel on Kish Island on March 8 , 2007 . The meeting was an effort to put Levinson in touch with Iranian authorities to help the American investigate cigarette smuggling as a contractor for a tobacco company . In classified Intelligence Committee meetings that followed , Florida Sen. Bill Nelson gave then-CIA Director Michael Hayden a "  grilling , " McGee said . Confronted with the evidence , the CIA then demurred , said it would get back in touch and later admitted the relationship with Levinson , he said . In the meantime , the CIA paid the family $ 120,000 for Levinson 's trip and eventually settled for $ 2.5 million to avoid a lawsuit , according to McGee . Ultimately , seven CIA staffers were disciplined and three were fired , McGee said -- including Levinson 's chief handler . Reports : American who went missing in Iran worked for CIA CNN Justice Reporter Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Former FBI agent Robert Levinson has been missing since 2007 He had been a contract employee for the CIA , reports disclosed last week His family wants a meeting with FBI Director James Comey after those reports Family lawyer says Levinson was working for the CIA when he disappeared
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Two attacks on Christian families in the city of Kirkuk on Sunday evening left three people dead and two others wounded , police said . Due to persecution , Christians in Iraq have had to rely on Iraqi security forces , as shown here on Easter Sunday . The first occurred in a neighborhood in southern Kirkuk when a Christian woman and her daughter-in-law were murdered in their home late night Sunday . Police told CNN the attackers slit the women 's throats . In a neighborhood close by , gunmen attacked a Christian family in their home , shooting a father and his three sons , police said . One of the sons died instantly and the other son and the father were wounded . Many of Iraq 's estimated 1 million Christians have fled the country after targeted attacks by extremists . In October , more than a thousand Iraqi families fled the northern city of Mosul after they were reportedly frightened by a series of killings and threats by Muslim extremists , who apparently ordered them to convert to Islam or face possible death . At least 14 Christians were killed in Mosul in the first two weeks of October . Kirkuk is 150 miles  240 km  north of Baghdad .	Christian woman and her daughter-in-law 's throats slit in their home late Sunday In nearby neighborhood in Kirkuk , gunmen shoot father and three sons ; one dies Targeted by extremists , many of Iraq 's 1 million Christians have fled country
A U.S. government warning this week to airlines about possible shoe bombs represents a credible threat linked to al Qaeda , officials told CNN . Recent intelligence points to tactics believed to be tied to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and its master bomb-maker Ibrahim al Asiri , a federal law enforcement official said . Counterterrorism officials do n't believe there is an active plot in the works . But the law enforcement source said the United States periodically receives information on attempts by those believed to have been trained by Asiri to try to develop bombs that could defeat screening systems . It 's not a new threat , but one viewed as ongoing because they know the al Qaeda unit based in Yemen is constantly trying to improve its bombs . Another U.S. official said the Homeland Security Department would not have taken steps to warn carriers about flights bound for the United States had it not been credible . "  This is not just some flip comment on the part of a bad guy , " that official said . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said on Thursday in Los Angeles that "  concern about shoe bombs have been out there for years " and the agency updates advisories and modifies procedures "  so that we remain vigilant . " Intelligence collected by the United States and other countries indicates terror groups have been working on new shoe-bomb designs , sources familiar with the matter told CNN on Wednesday . The threat apparently is unrelated to recent warnings about toothpaste and cosmetic tubes potentially being used to hide explosives on flights to Russia . Terrorism experts say airlines continue to be a target of terrorists wishing to make a spectacular impact with an attack . The focus on security since 2001 has shifted from hijackings to bombs , especially those that might be hidden in luggage . Following the 9/11 attacks , passengers aboard an American Airlines flight from Paris to Miami thwarted another passenger 's attempt to detonate explosives hidden in his sneakers . Richard Reid , a British citizen , pleaded guilty and is serving a life sentence . Since , Transportation Security Administration policy requires passengers going through airport security checkpoints to take off their shoes to be X-rayed .	U.S. warned airlines this week about possible shoe bomb threat to U.S.-bound flights Official ties it to bomb-maker for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula The threat is based on the latest intelligence Al Qaeda said to still be interested in targeting airlines
CNN  -- The killing of a young giraffe named Marius at Copenhagen Zoo sparked international outrage this weekend . On Sunday , he was shot with a bolt gun then publicly dissected before being fed to the lions . In its defense , the zoo has argued that Marius ' death was necessary to protect the genetic diversity of his species . It was claimed that to allow Marius to take up space that could be used to house another animal with more desirable genetic make-up may hinder conservation breeding programs . Contraception which required sedation is dangerous and giraffes might die during the procedure . As such , Marius ' birth could not have been safely prevented . Marius could not be rehomed because sending him somewhere other than a zoo which was a member of the European Association for Zoos and Aquaria  EAZA  could result in him being sold into a circus , which would be against EAZA rules . In effect , the zoo 's hands were tied , it was implied . None of these arguments appear to stand up to scrutiny . As the head of the European endangered species program for giraffes stated in press , Marius was not from a rare sub-species . Given that zoos claim that animals are kept in order to support the conservation of threatened species , it is therefore unclear why any member of Marius ' subspecies should be held captive at all . Zoo staff get death threats It was further confirmed that a contraceptive for giraffes has been developed in the last few years which allows females to be safely injected at a distance thus suggesting that Marius ' birth was not inevitable . The director of EAZA supported the stance that Marius had to die and encouraged people to consider the "  bigger picture . " But EAZA itself is less than consistent in its approach to inbreeding and , indeed , in its concern for the ultimate fate of animals in its member zoos . EAZA and similar zoo bodies discourage member zoos from deliberately breeding white lions ; a practice which is recognized as involving inbreeding in order to perpetuate the unusual white coloring of the animals involved . Due to the serious welfare implications and the lack of conservation value of inbred animals , breeding of white lions is theoretically not allowed in EAZA zoos . In practice , both West Midland Safari Park and Paradise Wildlife Park in the UK breed white lions . Both are EAZA members and yet , despite vociferously supporting the killing of Marius to prevent the same problem , a blind eye has been turned by EAZA to the persistent inbreeding of other species in its zoos . White lions are , perhaps tellingly , a great crowd pleaser . In 2012 West Midland Safari Park were revealed to have sent four white lions to a circus trainer , who sent them on to a Japanese circus . That the safari park remains an EAZA member means that the rules on sending animals to non-EAZA collections are not consistently applied . Despite this , no exception was made for Marius . In fact , rather than Marius being a tragic exception , the killing of animals considered to be surplus to requirements by zoos is something which is common in the industry . A 2003 study suggested that there are around 7,500 animals deemed "  surplus " in European zoos at any one time . Whilst it can not be undone , Marius ' death has served an important purpose in shining a spotlight on a practice which is normally kept well-hidden from public view . As long as there are zoos , there will be unwanted animals . And as long as there are unwanted animals , more like Marius will be killed . It has long been recognised that conservation success is achieved not in city centre zoos or safari parks , but in natural habitats . We would urge anyone with a passion for conservation to support effective in situ efforts which are truly making a positive impact on species conservation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Liz Tyson .	Copenhagen zoo 's defense of killing a giraffe does not stand up to scrutiny , writes Liz Tyson A blind eye has been turned to the inbreeding of other species , she says Tyson : Killing animals considered a surplus by zoos is common As long as there are zoos , there will be unwanted animals , she writes
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The crown of the Statue of Liberty will reopen to tourists on July 4 . The Statue of Liberty welcomes visitors , immigrants , and returning Americans . The crown was closed after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , for safety and security reasons . The National Park Service closed the attraction amid worries that it would be difficult for visitors to evacuate quickly in the event of an emergency . Visitors must climb a narrow 168-step double-helix spiral staircase to get to the crown . Since the closing , tourists have been able to visit other parts of the statue . iReport.com : Show us your best Statue of Liberty shots The federal government planned to give "  America a special gift " by re-opening the crown , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said in May . "  We are once again inviting the public to celebrate our great nation and the hope and opportunity it symbolizes by climbing to Lady Liberty 's crown for a unique view of New York Harbor , where the forebears of millions of American families first saw the world , " he said in a statement . Access to the crown will be limited to 10 people at a time , guided by a National Park Service ranger . "  We can not eliminate all the risk of climbing to the crown , but we are taking steps to make it safer , " Salazar said . The measures include raising the handrails on the spiral staircase and stationing rangers throughout the Statue to help visitors . The Statue of Liberty will be open for the next two years , then closed again for "  work on a long-term solution that will improve safety and security permanently , " according to the U.S. Department of the Interior . A gift from France to the United States , the Statue of Liberty was dedicated in 1886 , designated as a National Monument in 1924 and restored for its centennial on July 4 , 1986 . It stands just across New York Harbor from where the Twin Towers stood .	The Statue of Liberty 's crown will reopen to the public on July 4 The crown has been closed since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks iReporters shared photos of the statue , which CNN combined in a mosaic iReport.com : See , share your photos of Lady Liberty
CNN  -- Iranian authorities on Tuesday released one of three people detained along with Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian last week , a source close to the family of the released detainee told CNN on Wednesday . The released detainee is the husband of an Iranian-American photojournalist who remains in custody with Rezaian and his wife , according to the source . Authorities have yet to identify the photojournalist , and Iranian officials have yet to explain why the journalists were detained . According to The Washington Post , Rezaian , 38 , holds American and Iranian citizenship . He has been the paper 's Tehran correspondent since 2012 . His wife , Yeganeh Salehi , is an Iranian citizen who has applied for U.S. permanent residency . She is a correspondent for the UAE-based newspaper the National , The Post said . Gholam-Hossein Esmaili , the director general of the Tehran Province Justice Department , has been quoted by Iran 's official IRNA news agency as saying that a "  Washington Post journalist has been detained for some questions and after technical investigations , the judiciary will provide details on the issue . " He did not specify on what grounds the correspondent , whom he did not name , was being held . Iranian security forces are vigilant about all kinds of enemy activities , Esmaili added , according to IRNA . Rights activists and fellow journalists have condemned the arrests of the journalists and demanded their release . According to research by the Committee to Protect Journalists , there are 35 journalists in prison in Iran . Rezaian 's mother made a videotaped plea for the release of her son and daughter-in-law Tuesday . She warned that his health would be compromised without medication for high blood pressure . "  I do not know where my son and daughter-in-law are , " Rezaian 's mother said in a video clip posted on the Washington Post 's website . "  As a mother , I am extremely worried about their well-being . " Rezaian 's mother noted that her son 's love for Iran "  is so infectious that he has made a career out of sharing its beauty with others . " "  Since he was a little boy , my son loved Iran . Jason moved to Iran to live and work full-time , " she said . " "  I love my son and daughter , and I am proud of their commitment to journalism . I know their standards for truth and excellence in journalism guide them both professionally and personally . I humbly ask those who continue to detain my son and daughter to please release them and allow our family to be reunited and my fears for their safety to subside . " In a statement Thursday , Washington Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said , "  we are deeply troubled by this news and are concerned for the welfare of Jason , Yeganeh and two others said to have been detained with them . " He described Rezaian as "  an experienced , knowledgeable reporter who deserves protection and whose work merits respect . " Four journalists detained in Iran , three of them Americans	Reporter 's mother delivers video statement on Washington Post website The detentions have spurred outrage among other journalists , rights activists Jason Rezaian has been the paper 's Tehran correspondent since 2012
Mashable  -- Streaming music service Songza launched apps for Android and iOS on Tuesday that are designed to make it easy for music fans to find and share digital playlists for practically any occasion . Think of Songza as curated , hand-picked Internet radio . Like Pandora , Songza is not a stream-on-demand service  meaning , you ca n't request to play a certain track or album  . Unlike Pandora , Songza does n't impose any limitations on how much music you can listen to and it does n't serve any audio advertisements . Additionally , Songza does n't focus on creating artist based radio stations -- although you can do that -- instead , it focuses on connecting users with curated or peer-created mix tapes . These playlists are organized around activities  like "  Cocktail Party " or "  Coding "  , genres  " '70s NYC Punk " or "  Math Rock "  , Moods and even Culture . For instance , there is a whole playlist category dedicated to Cover Songs , featuring playlists like "  More Popular Than the Original " and "  Covering Cash . " The playlists are designed to capture a certain mood , event or activity . Using the free Songza mobile app for iPhone -LSB- iTunes link -RSB- and Android -LSB- Android Market link -RSB- , users can search and browse through Songza 's expertly curated playlists , save their favorites to their phone and share what they are listening to with friends on Facebook and Twitter . The Songza team 's previous venture , Amie Street , was acquired by Amazon.com last fall . Songza just closed a financing round led by the same investors that were previously involved in Amie Street . The company clearly has big plans for enhancing its social offerings by allowing users to share their playlists or favorites via social networks . As it stands , Songza sees itself as a "  music concierge " and a better , smarter way of handling social music discovery . After using the iPhone app over the last 24 hours , we agree . Without a doubt , Songza has the smartest , most well thought out collection of playlists of any of the subscription music services . What we really appreciate is that it is clear that a lot of vetting has gone into creating the officially sanctioned lists . If your friends are on Songza , you can also use the app to follow the playlists they share or like and vice versa . The one downside to Songza and its mobile app is that right now , users can only create playlists at the Songza.com website . Moreover , Songza 's licensing restrictions prevent users from listening to the playlists they create themselves . Your friends can listen to your custom mix of ultimate Fall in New York City tunes , but you , the creator ca n't . Songza 's co-founder and CEO Elias Roman told us that the company is looking at either partnering with existing on-demand subscription services such as Spotify or working out its own on-demand licensing agreement so that users can listen to their own selections . If Songza can nail that last loop and provide users who are willing to pay with on-demand access to their own playlists , we could easily see Songza taking off in a huge way . Still , even with the self-playlist limitations , Songza for iPhone and Android is one of the most promising mobile music apps we 've seen all year . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Think of Songza as curated , hand-picked Internet radio Songza does n't impose any limitations on how much music you can listen to App focuses on connecting users with curated or peer-created mix tapes
CNN  -- From superstorms to floods , to historic heat waves and droughts , not a week goes by without a major disruption somewhere in our communities . Between 2011 and 2013 , 48 states and two-thirds of American counties endured crises severe enough to be declared major disasters . Of course , these events are n't preventable , but there are often steps we can take to change how we prepare and respond . Indeed , with the right preparation , not every extreme weather disruption has to become a disaster . Hurricane Sandy underscores what can be done . The deadly 2012 storm was devastating for communities along the Eastern Seaboard . But the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the Rockefeller Foundation asked the question : What if we focused on planning and preparing as much as we do on disaster reaction and response ? So we partnered to create Rebuild by Design , a competition that brings together engineering and design experts with public , philanthropic and community organizations to try to find ways of rebuilding that make communities like those affected in New York and New Jersey more environmentally and economically resilient . And now the competition is hitting the national stage , with the HUD-led $ 1 billion National Disaster Resilience Competition , which is aimed at encouraging local businesses , community development organizations , nonprofits , and local and state governments to rethink how cities plan in the face of a growing number of natural disasters . In November , we convened a summit of leaders from 67 competing states , cities , counties and parishes . Now , government officials and civic leaders as well as engineers , architects and urban planners will participate in boot camp-like resilience academies to understand best practices before they submit their proposals . The first one , designed for the challenges facing the Southeast in particular , is being held this week in Atlanta , followed by other dedicated regional academies across the country in the new year . This billion-dollar investment turns the traditional idea of disaster relief on its head . For years , communities have received federal recovery funds after the fact -- when they were knocked on their heels by a disaster . Unsurprisingly , this is also a particularly expensive way of doing business . This new approach , in contrast , will ultimately save communities millions in long-term costs . The Federal Emergency Management Agency suggests that every dollar we invest in resilience before a disaster saves $ 4 after the fact . So , in a way , this was an idea that we could n't afford not to do . We call the philosophy behind this competition the "  resilience dividend , " and it pays off by improving our everyday lives in the good times , too . Take Tulsa , Oklahoma , which over the last century has often experienced flooding . Since the city began planting parks in floodplains and changing the way it designs its buildings , Tulsa 's residents have been paying some of the lowest insurance rates in the country and worrying less about losing their homes and property . The quality of their lives and their sense of economic security has grown . Or consider Boulder , Colorado . After a bout of historic rainstorms there , a public-private partnership designed storm drains that double as bicycle trails , floodgates doubling as transportation routes , and recreation areas that protect water quality . And New Orleans , which was devastated by flooding from Hurricane Katrina 10 years ago next year , reimagined its economic base in rebuilding itself , encouraging innovation and entrepreneurship and creative and sustainable development . A decade after large areas were submerged , New Orleans is recognized as a hotbed for startups and one of America 's most resilient cities . Rebuild by Design is succeeding not only because of the creativity of the projects , but also due to the collaboration of multidisciplinary teams of engineers , architects , planners and , importantly , local communities -- all of which partnered in unprecedented ways . Of crucial value , the teams spent considerable time on the ground in these communities , building critical trust and listening to citizens about their needs . For example , one of the winning groups in the competition proposed a 10-mile flood barrier to protect Lower Manhattan -- called the "  Big U " -- that would not only be functional and effective , but also aesthetically appealing . Drawing on local input , the design incorporated green space , bike paths , art and community markets that create economic opportunity in underdeveloped areas , all while protecting against future flooding . Building resilience is a process with no ideology : Natural disasters in our country are destroying Republican and Democratic communities alike . But the National Disaster Resilience Competition is providing common-sense solutions that create common ground on which to work together . The time to embrace resilience is now .	JuliÃ ¡ n Castro and Judith Rodin : Disasters hurt Republican , Democratic communities alike Each dollar invested in resilience before a disaster saves $ 4 after the fact , they note HUD and Rockefeller Foundation partner to create Rebuild by Design The competition looks for ways to rebuild that make communities more resilient
CNN  -- Thirty to 40 ships -- including several passenger ships -- were stuck Thursday in ice off the coast of Sweden , said a spokesman for the Maritime Search and Rescue Center in Gothenburg , Sweden . The area of the Baltic Sea worst hit by the ice were the waters bounded by mainland Sweden , the Stockholm archipelago and the Finnish island of Aland , said Tommy Gardebring , press officer with the Swedish Maritime Administration . The center identified one of the passenger ships as the Amorella , with 753 passengers and 190 crew members . Several passenger vessels from Viking Line were stuck , he said . One of them had been freed . "  It has been a lot colder than normal in the southern parts of the Baltic sea , but in the north all is normal with normal levels of ice , " Gardebring said . "  However , in the worst-affected areas , the ice breakers that normally operate have n't been able to cope with the ice , which is why we are sending additional ice breakers . " The extra help was expected to arrive around midnight  6 p.m. ET  , he said . "  There was never any danger for the safety of the vessels , but we have increased our preparedness , just in case , since the ice puts a lot of pressure on the sides of the ships , " Gardebring said . He predicted that most of the ships would be freed by Friday . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this story from London , England	Up to 40 ships trapped in iced Baltic Sea off Sweden Rescue center sending extra icebreakers to help free the ships Spokesman expects most of the ships will be freed by Friday
CNN  -- You are told -- twice -- that your son has died , once by a state trooper and then again by a local police officer . What do you do ? Express thanks , and perhaps frustration , that it 's not true . An Alaska family rode this emotional roller coaster earlier this week . And on Friday , Justin Priest -- the man whose parents believed had died -- said his family is "  very private , " but hopes some good comes from getting the story out so no one else has to endure a similar nightmare ride . "  We wanted to put a little pressure on the police department to make sure this sort of thing does n't happen again , " Priest said . "  And I think we achieved our goal . " It is true that Justin D. Priest was pronounced dead at the scene late Wednesday after the car he was driving slammed into a tree in Juneau , police announced in a news release . Two other passengers in his vehicle were injured , including one "  with apparent life-threatening injuries . " When something horrible like this happens , law enforcement officers have the unenviable job of notifying next of kin . So , Juneau police reached out to the Alaska State Troopers , trying to get information on a Justin Priest from his parents in Palmer to determine if their son was in Juneau at the time of the accident . "  Instead , ... the communication got mixed up , " Juneau Police Chief Bryce Johnson said . "  We somehow communicated it wrong , and they thought that we wanted to tell the family that their son had died in the crash . " That 's what troopers did , going to the Priest home in Palmer before dawn to relay the horrific news . Then , Priest 's father called Juneau police to verify it was his son who died in the accident . A Juneau officer said it was . But a different Justin Priest had died , one who was 33 , as police noted in their press release , and from Juneau . The Justin Priest whose parents were contacted is 29 , according to the Alaska Dispatch News , and from south Anchorage , about 570 miles away by air or boat and 850 miles by car from Juneau . The parents of the 29-year-old thought their son was dead when they went to his house early Thursday morning . They knocked on the door . And guess who answered , according to the Dispatch News ? Their son Justin , alive and well . "  Justin ? " his father asked , the news website reported . "  It 's Justin ! Praise Jesus , we thought you were dead . " The mixup got back to Juneau later Thursday . Police there issued an updated press release , apologizing "  for our error " and "  for any anguish our mistake has caused . " Johnson , Juneau 's police chief , talked directly to the living Justin Priest 's father by phone . "  He told me what they went through , and I was left speechless , " said a choked up Johnson . "  From my perspective , after hearing all that they did , I was talking to a great man . I was left with an immense amount of respect for him . " After this incident , Johnson said Juneau police would review its dispatch recordings , talk to officers about following procedures , and possibly change protocols if it makes sense . What the police chief is not doing is shirking blame for what happened . "  It was our case , our responsibility , " Johnson said . " ... The family deserves for us to acknowledge that it was our mistake , and we are sorry . "	A young man is killed in a car crash late Wednesday in Juneau , Alaska State troopers , then Juneau police tell Justin Priest 's parents he 's dead News site : The parents go to their son 's house , and he opens the door Juneau police chief : "  It was our mistake , and we are sorry "
CNN  -- Floyd Mayweather will cement his position as the most bankable boxer in the world in Saturday night 's non-title welterweight fight against fellow American Shane Mosley in Las Vegas . The 33-year-old , whose nicknames include "  Money , " has already generated $ 292 million in revenue in six pay-per-view fights for broadcaster HBO , from 5.5 million buys . He is expected to take home $ 58.5 million for himself if the battle with veteran Mosley achieves two million subscribers . Mayweather is already fourth on the broadcaster 's all-time list behind Oscar De La Hoya  $ 610.6 million on 12.6 million buys from 18 events  , Mike Tyson  $ 545 million on 12.4 million buys , 12 bouts  and Evander Holyfield  $ 543 million on 12.6 million buys , 14 fights  . De La Hoya and Tyson have both retired , while the 47-year-old Holyfield last month kept alive his unlikely dream of winning the world heavyweight title for a record fifth time by claiming the little-regarded WBF crown in front of just 3,000 people in Vegas . Mayweather 's 2007 victory over De La Hoya earned a record $ 120 million for a single pay-per-view event from 2.15 million buys , and HBO told CNN that his fight with the 38-year-old Mosley is set to qualify as a true "  megafight . " "  In boxing , megafights are those that reach one million buys , " HBO Pay-Per-View senior vice-president Mark Taffet said . "  By every indicator -- ticket sales , closed circuit television sales , views of video on the Internet , and the number of viewers of HBO 's 24/7 series -- Mayweather-Mosley is on track to becoming a true PPV megafight . "  Whether on television , radio , newspapers , magazines , Internet , Facebook , MySpace , iTunes , Youtube , HBO , or at retail stores across the country , fans everywhere are surrounded by this great event . The Mayweather-Mosley buzz is everywhere . " Mayweather is undefeated in 40 fights , and has won six world titles at five different weights . However , he has lost his No. 1 ranking as the highly-regarded Ring Magazine 's world 's top pound-for-pound boxer to rival Manny Pacquiao . The two were due to clash earlier this year but the Filipino pulled out due to Mayweather 's demands for Olympic-style blood-testing . "  Floyd Mayweather is a bonafide PPV superstar , " Taffet said . "  He is one of most prolific performers in PPV history . "  But it takes two to make a true megafight and , like Floyd Mayweather , Shane Mosley is a future Hall-of-Famer and one of the most recognizable boxing stars of this era . Shane is a critical ingredient in the megafight status of Mayweather-Mosley . "  While Shane and Floyd definitely have very passionate fan bases in their hometowns -LSB- Lynwood , California and Grand Rapids , Michigan respectively -RSB- , both Mayweather and Mosley are national figures with broad and diverse fan bases throughout the entire U.S. "  As the ` Who R U Picking ? ' polls indicate , fans everywhere are talking about this matchup and it is virtually a 50-50 split as to who the fans think will win . " While many pundits expect Mayweather and Pacquiao to agree to fight by the end of this year , the American has taunted the Filipino by saying he is not enough of a box office draw . Pacquiao 's fights with De La Hoya and Juan Marquez brought in significantly fewer buys than Mayweather 's clashes with the duo . "  He needs to learn how to do numbers like I 'm doing , " Mayweather , who shunned the chance of winning the WBA belt against Mosley as he did not want to pay the sanctioning fees , told Boxingscene.com . "  He needs to step his game up . I 'm not worried about this -LSB- Mosley fight -RSB- . I know I 'm going to do crazy numbers . I should walk away with about $ 40 million . With or without Pacquiao I 'm going to be able to go out and make $ 20 million or $ 30 million a night . "	Floyd Mayweather is fourth in all-time list of revenue earners in pay-per-view fights Saturday 's non-title fight with Shane Mosley will push him past $ 300 million mark Mayweather 's 2007 win over Oscar De La Hoya most lucrative event in boxing history The 33-year-old opted out of title fight as he did not want to pay WBA sanctioning fee
CNN  -- Heightening its warnings as anticipated anti-government protests approach , Iran 's government says it will arrest protesters and hold them until April if they disrupt state-sanctioned marches to commemorate the overthrow of the Shah of Iran . Iran is this week celebrating the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution , culminating on February 11 -- a day that marked the end of the country 's Western-backed monarchy and the start of an Islamic republic . A coalition of Iranian reformist groups is urging opponents of the regime to stage non-violent protests on Thursday , on the official anniversary of the Shah 's ouster . The so-called Green Movement has been protesting for social justice , freedom and democracy in demonstrations throughout the country since the disputed June president election . Those arrested for causing "  instability , " disrupting public order and carrying "  extremist signs " linked to the Green Movement will be jailed until at least April 9 , the end of the Persian holiday , of Norooz , according to government-run Fars news agency . The holiday marks the start of spring . "  Given the security plans that the police have taken into consideration for tomorrow 's glorious marches ; these ceremonies will be held in complete security and calm , " Fars quoted an unidentified , informed source as saying Wednesday . "  But if some try to misuse the vast participation and presence of the people ; the police will deal with them firmly and resolutely . " Anti-government demonstrations began after the disputed June 12 presidential vote , which re-elected hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad over main opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi . Police arrested 4,000 people in the post-election crackdown . At least seven people were killed and hundreds were arrested , witnesses said , as they took to the streets of December 27 during the Shiite Muslim holy period of Ashura . The Iranian government has denied that its security forces killed anyone and has blamed reformists for the violence . On Tuesday , an Iranian court sentenced one person to death and eight others to prison for their parts in anti-government demonstrations in December , the semi-official Fars news agency reported . The nine defendants were tried last week over their roles in protests during Ashura , Fars said , quoting the Tehran judiciary 's public relations office . There are now 10 people sentenced to death and awaiting appeal in connection with the protests . Two men have been executed for participating in anti-government demonstrations , but a lawyer for one of them told CNN her client was already in jail when the protests broke out .	Protesters to be arrested and held until April if they disrupt state-sanctioned marches Iran is this week celebrating the 31st anniversary of the Islamic Revolution Marches are to commemorate the overthrow of the Shah of Iran Reformist groups are urging opponents of the regime to stage non-violent protests
CNN  -- In a video uploaded to YouTube on Saturday purportedly by the terrorist group ISIS , various scenes of jihadist propaganda flash across the screen : militants reading verses from the Quran and examining a map of northern Syria , clips of violent clashes and explosions . But this video had something else in it that previous videos released by ISIS have not : Surveillance footage apparently shot by a drone . The almost 14-minute video shows aerial views of Syrian Army Military Base 93 near Raqqa province in northern Syria . ISIS militants attacked the base on August 7 , deploying suicide bombers driving truck bombs to soften up resistance in scenes that are also shown in the videotape that was released Saturday . The caption over the surveillance footage of the Syrian military base reads : "  From the drone of the army of the Islamic State . " That ISIS appears now to be using a relatively sophisticated surveillance drone to plan its military operations underlines an important development : Technology that was once the monopoly of states is now being used by terrorist groups . In April , for example , the Israeli military said it had shot down a drone off the coast of Haifa and that it was operated by Hezbollah , the militant Shiite group operating out of Lebanon . Hezbollah denied responsibility for the drone , but had claimed earlier that it had operated another drone that had flown 35 miles into Israel in October . Hamas , too , has drone capabilities . On July 14 , Israel shot down a Hamas-operated drone that was flying in Israeli airspace above Ashdod , a city in southern Israel , marking what is believed to be the first time the militant group had sent an unmanned aircraft into Israeli territory . Hamas then posted a video online that showed another drone , this one with four small rockets under its wings , flying over what analysts believe could also be Israeli airspace . According to Hamas , its military wing , the al-Qassam Brigades , has engineered three different types of drones : ones for surveillance purposes ; ones that can be armed ; and ones that can operate as self-guided missiles -- a sort of "  suicide drone . " Israel subsequently bombed what it claimed was a Hamas-run drone facility in Gaza . Libyan opposition fighters targeting Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi started using drones for surveillance during the summer of 2011 when they bought a Scout drone from a Canadian company . The Libyan opposition needed a way to survey its routes before sending rebels into areas where Gadhafi 's soldiers were stationed . The four-rotor helicopter that dangles a stabilized camera seemed like the perfect option . The drone cost between $ 100,000 and $ 200,000 , according to an article by Laura Rozen for Yahoo News . Armed drones have been deployed in combat by only three countries : the United States , the United Kingdom and Israel . However , according to a count by the New America Foundation , some 80 countries have some kind of drone capability , whether armed or unarmed . Russia , China and Iran are among the nations that possess armed drones but have n't used them in combat That terrorist and militant organizations have acquired and used drones during combat operations for surveillance purposes shows how rapidly this technology is proliferating . This is why it is crucial to have some kind of international agreement that governs the use of armed drones by both states and "  nonstate actors . " One could imagine the creation of some kind of Geneva Convention that specifies as a matter of international law when the use of armed drones could be sanctioned outside of conventional war zones to kill terrorists . Such a convention would also help to prevent the sale or transfer of sophisticated drone technology to nonstate actors such as ISIS .	Peter Bergen , Cynthia Schneider : Video seems to show that ISIS has surveillance drone They say this highlights new reality : Terrorist groups have technology once used by states They say Hezbollah says it has used them ; Hamas says it has armed and unarmed drones Writers : Some 80 nations now have drones . We need ` Geneva Convention ' to govern their use
CNN  -- They call it "  The List . " On it : the names , ages and addresses of 21 people accused by police of buying sex from a 29-year-old fitness instructor . And it 's the talk of Kennebunk , the historic , picture-perfect Maine town that had been -- until recently , at least -- best known for its bygone shipbuilding industry and a money-making tourist trade . Police say the instructor , Alexis Wright , used her Zumba fitness studio and the office of her business partner , Mark Strong , to run a prostitution ring . They say she videotaped intimate encounters with some of the dozens of customers she allegedly entertained . On Monday , police released a partial list of those accused of hiring Wright after a judge rejected a request to shield their names from public view . The attorney for two men named on the list argued that identifying them would destroy their lives , families and careers . Police are releasing the names and addresses in batches , and more names are expected soon . Strong 's lawyer , Dan Lilley , says the list of Wright 's alleged johns runs 150 names long . Among them , according to Lilley : lawyers , accountants and a local TV personality . While much of the world is getting its first salacious tastes of the whole affair , Kennebunk residents have been dealing with it since at least July , when police arrested Strong and made the case public for the first time . The tawdry details have riveted residents of the small community of 10,000 , a tree-shaded , picket-fenced tourist destination of stately sea captain 's homes and 200-year-old inns just a short drive from the Bush family oceanside compound in nearby Kennebunkport . Everyone wants to know who 's on that list . "  You ca n't go anywhere without people bringing it up , " said Kristen Schulze Muszynski , managing editor of the 6,000-circulation Journal-Tribune . And it 's starting to wear on at least some of residents . "  I 'm tired of it , honestly , " resident Tina Palanka told CNN affiliate WGME . "  I 'm really tired of it . There 's got to be more to Kennebunk than this . This is not a good legacy . " It 's certainly not typical for a place where the most recent crime roundup issued by police leads off with charges against a 51-year-old man for letting his dog roam free . "  Boy , it really hit us hard , " resident Paul Bergeron told WGME . The sex allegedly occurred at a store-front Zumba exercise studio , run by Wright . Zumba is , according to the brand 's official website , "  an exhilarating , effective , easy-to-follow , Latin-inspired , calorie-burning dance fitness-party that 's moving millions of people toward joy and health . " According to Kennebunk police , someone tipped off authorities more than a year ago that something more than Latin-inspired dance was going on at the studio , located on a leafy stretch of York Street , next door to one pizza parlor and across the street from another . Maine 's State Police and the state 's Drug Enforcement Administration soon started looking into the case . And in February , five months after the investigation began , police raided Wright 's fitness studio and Strong 's office . What police found has n't been officially released -- the search warrant records have been sealed . But the Press Herald newspaper of Portland reported that the findings included videotapes of Wright having sex with numerous men , a ledger containing prices for various sex acts and detailed customer records . A grand jury indicted Wright on 106 counts related to the alleged prostitution business , including invasion of privacy charges for allegedly filming some of her sessions , according to court documents . The grand jury indicted Strong , who is also a private investigator , on 59 counts . Both have pleaded not guilty . Neither Wright -- whose studio is now closed , according to its website -- nor her attorney , Sarah Churchill , returned calls from CNN . The York County district attorney 's office declined to comment Tuesday . Police are also issuing summonses for the men on Wright 's list , accusing them of engaging in prostitution , a misdemeanor charge . Two men on the list argued the names should n't be made public because doing so would cause "  irreparable harm " to their reputations , their families and their businesses , according to court documents . They deserved to be shielded under state victims ' rights laws and the state constitution , their attorney argued . On Monday , Superior Court Justice Thomas D. Warren disagreed , ruling that the names of people accused of crimes have to be available to the public . "  The principle that court proceedings are public is essential to public confidence . If persons charged with crimes could withhold their identities , the public would not be able to monitor proceedings to observe whether justice has been done and to observe whether certain defendants may have received favored treatment , " Warren wrote in his decision . Warren ruled that some of them men , those who had been filmed during sex acts , could also be victims of a crime -- invasion of privacy -- and deserved to have their addresses shielded from the public , but Tuesday he revised his decision after a "  conference call with counsel for the interested parties in the civil action , " according to a Kennebunk police news release . One man told CNN affiliate WCSH TV that his name appears on the original list . But he said it 's not him . "  When I first saw my name on the computer I laughed , " said the man , who CNN has chosen not to name . "  And then as I got up I 'm thinking , ` All my years in law enforcement , all my years , activities with children , coaching baseball , the young men that I know who are now dads today and responsible citizens , this is very misleading and I do n't think it 's fair . ' And then I became upset , to say the least I was very upset . " The release also has upset some of Muszynski 's readers . The Journal-Tribune editor says she 's getting letters wondering why the names of the men are coming out before trial . She said she is n't getting any letters from readers upset that Wright 's name has been plastered in media accounts of the case , bringing up what some say is a long-held double standard in prostitution cases -- the accused prostitute gets all the attention , while her customers slip away out of public view . As it happens , that tide appears to be turning , said Michael Shively , a Cambridge , Massachusetts , criminal justice researcher with Abt Associates who has been tracking anti-prostitution programs since 2005 . Nationwide , Shively said , 525 cities and counties have at least once tried some form of what 's known as "  shaming " -- publicizing the names of men who buy sex or focusing on them instead of the sellers . No one has formally studied the effectiveness of such efforts , he said . "  But evidence that is available points in the direction of it being a pretty effective thing to do , " he said . "  But it 's not definitive . " Read Shively 's national prostitution study for the U.S. Justice Department  PDF And while Kennebunk does n't appear to be intentionally shaming Wright 's alleged customers -- the city releases a weekly list of people accused of crimes -- all the attention is putting a spotlight on the men , nevertheless . "  Had the city hired a public relations firm , they could n't have written a better script for generating as much attention as possible , " Shively said , referring to the incremental release of the names of those charged as prostitution customers . CNN 's Adam Reiss and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	Police add ages and addresses to list of 21 alleged johns "  You ca n't go anywhere " without hearing about "  The List , " says local editor Court denies request to shield clients ' identities from the public Authorities : Clients paid fitness instructor for sex at her studio in Kennebunk , Maine
White supremacist serial killer Joseph Paul Franklin was executed Wednesday morning after the U.S. Supreme Court rejected his final requests for a stay , the Missouri Department of Public Safety said . The execution , which had been scheduled for shortly after midnight Wednesday , was delayed for hours because of court appeals . Franklin was administered a lethal injection at 6:07 a.m. CT  7:07 a.m. ET  . He died ten minutes later . Franklin refused his final meal and gave no final statement . He was on death row for the 1977 murder of Gerald Gordon outside a synagogue in St. Louis . He was blamed for 22 killings between 1977 and 1980 in a bid to start a race war . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon denied clemency for Franklin on Monday , saying he had committed "  merciless acts of violence , fueled by hate . " In addition to the killings , Franklin admitted to the attempted assassinations of Hustler magazine publisher Larry Flynt in 1978 and civil rights leader Vernon Jordan in 1980 . Flynt , who was paralyzed by Franklin 's bullet , has called for clemency for Franklin , saying "  the government has no business at all being in the business of killing people . " Battle over drugs used One of Franklin 's final legal maneuvers focused on the drug used for the lethal injection , pentobarbital . His attorneys argued that the injection would violate the Constitution 's ban on cruel and unusual punishment . On Tuesday , U.S. District Judge Nanette Laughrey granted a stay of execution , finding Franklin 's lawyers showed the use of pentobarbital carried "  a high risk of contamination and prolonged , unnecessary pain beyond that which is required to achieve death . " An intimate discussion with a serial killer "  Given the irreversible nature of the death penalty and plaintiffs ' medical evidence and allegations , a stay is necessary to ensure that the defendants ' last act against Franklin is not permanent , irremediable cruel and unusual punishment in violation of the Eighth Amendment , " Laughrey wrote . Another federal judge granted a second stay Tuesday , based on a separate defense petition contesting Franklin 's competency . "  The Court concludes that a stay of execution is required to permit a meaningful review , " U.S. District Judge Carol Jackson wrote . The state appealed both stays to the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , which decided early Wednesday that Franklin 's lawyers had not provided enough evidence to warrant a stay . The U.S. Supreme Court denied Franklin 's requests to step in and halt the execution . Missouri had planned to use propofol , the surgical anesthetic made infamous by the death of pop star Michael Jackson . But Nixon reversed that decision after being warned that the European Union -- whose members forbid capital punishment -- might halt shipments of the drug , leading to shortages for medical purposes . Missouri and other states that conduct executions have had to scramble for new drugs after European-based manufacturers banned American prisons from using their drugs in executions . In October , the state announced it would use pentobarbital , which would be provided by an unnamed compounding pharmacy . Franklin 's lawyers argued that would raise the risk of contamination and a painful death .	Joseph Paul Franklin is executed after the Supreme Court declines to step in Two judges granted stays Tuesday He shot Hustler magazine publisher Larry Flynt He was executed for a 1977 killing outside a St. Louis synagogue
CNN  -- Syrian military airstrikes killed more than 20 people in a province bordering Turkey , an opposition group said Saturday . Warplanes carried out the attacks in the mountainous Latakia province in the overnight hours , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported on its Facebook page . The group estimates Syria 's civil war , now in its third year , has killed more than 106,000 people and created more than 1.8 million refugees . Syria was high on the agenda in a meeting Friday between U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and their Russian counterparts , Sergey Lavrov and Sergey Shoygu . But no concrete commitments emerged from the talks at the State Department . Pentagon spokesman George Little said the leaders had "  exchanged views on Syria and the importance of supporting a political process to end the violence . " "  Our goal is the same . We need to start a political process , " Lavrov said before the four met . He urged the holding of a second conference on Syria in Geneva , saying the priority must be to "  fight terrorists and force them away from Syria . " The Syrian government also refers to the rebel fighters as terrorists . Rebel fighters The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Wednesday that at least 62 Syrian rebel fighters had been killed in an ambush in the Damascus countryside . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said that Al-Nusra Front "  terrorists " had been ambushed and killed in the same region and that non-Syrian fighters were among the dead . The Al-Nusra Front , or Jabhat al-Nusra , a militant Sunni Islamist movement , is one of the rebel groups taking up arms against President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . A day earlier , the Observatory reported that Syrian rebels and an al Qaeda-affiliated group had captured a government air base near the key city of Aleppo . Fighters from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and various rebel battalions destroyed several tanks and killed a number of regime soldiers as they fought for control of the Menagh air base , the Observatory said . At least 10 rebel fighters , including foreigners , also died , the group said . The Islamic State of Iraq is the rebranded name for al Qaeda in Iraq . The group changed its name after its founder , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , was killed by a U.S. missile strike in 2006 . The Menagh air base is north of Aleppo , Syria 's largest city and financial hub . For many months , rebels have tried to wrest control of the city in their attempt to end four decades of rule by al-Assad 's family . CNN 's Khushbu Shah contributed to this report	Attacks are reported in Syria 's Latakia province , bordering Turkey United States , Russia reiterate the importance of a political process to end violence The death toll in the civil war is more than 106,000 , a human rights group says The conflict has created an estimated 1 million refugees
CNN  -- For many families , the school year just started , but for Karen Suffern , it 's not too early to start planning for Christmas . The financially struggling single mother of fraternal twins recently asked her 8-year-olds to write down a list of things they would like from Santa . Suffern , who works part time as an administrative assistant for a home health care company , wanted to start budgeting for the holidays . She knew her twins , who just began third grade , were at the age where they would start asking for electronics and other expensive gifts . Her son , Ryan 's , letter to Santa started off normally : "  Dear Santa ... I wanted a  remote control  car and helicopter , but I do n't want that anymor . Kid at school are still picking on Amber and its not fair , " he wrote . "  I prayed that they will stop but god is bisy and needs your help . " Suffern felt tears fill her eyes as she read her son 's letter asking Santa to help stop the bullying his overweight sister was experiencing at school . Reading the letter was tough for Suffern . "  I try to build up my daughter 's self-esteem and tell her she is beautiful , but people say hurtful things to me , because I also have a weight problem , and that hurts me , " she said . "  I ca n't imagine what she goes through . " She had a vague idea that Amber was teased on the bus , but she did n't know the extent of the bullying . Amber , who has attention-deficit  hyperactivity  disorder and other mental and mood disorders , never mentioned the teasing . Bully-proofing your kids Suffern explains that Amber is an emotional eater and weighs 140 pounds , nearly twice the size of her brother , Ryan . The twins returned to school three weeks ago at Rocky Mount Preparatory in North Carolina . It 's the first time Ryan and Amber have been in the same classes . Ryan would come up to Suffern to tell her in private about classmates bullying Amber -- how the kids in gym class would laugh at her when she could not do the bear crawl on the floor , tease her about her weight in class or tell her that she was adopted because she is multiracial . "  Every day when she goes to school , she says , ` Mommy , can I just stay at home ? ' and she just does n't want to go . ' And now every time I send her to school , I feel like I am not protecting her and I am letting her down , " Suffern said . After reading her son 's letter over the weekend , Suffern shared it online with friends , including Tony Posnanski 's Facebook page , where he features stories of inspiration , weight loss and life advice . Posnanski says he was moved by Ryan 's letter because it reminded him of his childhood . "  When I was a kid , I was bullied for a bit " because of his weight , he explained . Posnanski posted the story to CNN iReport , where it quickly garnered thousands of page views . "  I wanted to do something to get  the story  out , " Posnanki said , adding that bullying is a serious issue that deserves attention . A study released Monday in the journal Pediatrics says there is an association between being bullied and psychosomatic problems , meaning children who are bullied run the risk of higher mental problems that can cause them physical distress . Study authors Gianluca Gini and Tiziana Pozzoli write , "  Given that school bullying is a widespread phenomenon in many countries around the world , the present results indicate that bullying should be considered a significant international public health problem . " Others studies report that as many as one in four children is bullied . There have been several incidents of teens bullied to the point of committing suicide , most recently 12-year-old Rebecca Sedwick , who jumped off a building because of cyberbullying . Suffern says Ryan 's letter to Santa sheds new light on her daughter 's situation , and she plans on speaking to Amber 's teachers and the parents of the bullies at school . "  If my kids do n't call names and pick on others , I would expect other parents to teach their kids to be respectful , too , " she said . "  There have been times my kids would point at others and say , ` why is her hair so strange ' and things like that , and I would say , ` You know , people are different , and that is just the way they are . ' " She says it 's important to realize that bullying comes in all sorts of forms . "  I understand that sometimes schools try to do as much as they can , but bullying does n't have to physical ; name-calling and putting someone down are considered bullying to me . " And Suffern says she is glad to have a selfless son like Ryan -- plus Santa -- watching out for Amber , too . Father , son lose 260 pounds after weight loss surgery Update : Rocky Mount Prep Charter School posted a statement on its website Monday . It reads in part : "  We are hyper-vigilant at Rocky Mount Prep to prevent , intervene and protect our scholars from instances such as this . Our teachers and staff have received training to recognize and address these types of behaviors , and we are proud of the way they respond . We are saddened that this has taken place within our school family , and we can assure all of our parents , scholars and community that we will continue to do everything possible to provide them with a positive and safe learning environment . "	8-year-old Ryan wrote a letter to Santa after seeing his sister being bullied at school Ryan 's sister Amber is bullied by her peers on the bus and during class because of her weight Mother shared story with blogger Tony Posnanski , who posted it on CNN iReport Ryan 's letter to Santa gained thousands of views
CNN  The fate of two Japanese men whom ISIS kidnapped and threatened to execute was unknown Friday as the 72-hour deadline that the militant group set apparently came and went . On Tuesday , ISIS released a video threatening to kill the two men -- Kenji Goto and Haruna Yukawa -- unless Japan paid the group $ 200 million within 72 hours . Based on the time frame , the Japanese government estimated that the ultimatum expired at 2:50 p.m. Friday , Tokyo time  12:50 a.m. ET Friday  , and scrambled to secure the men 's release . Hours before the estimated deadline , an ISIS spokesman told Japanese broadcaster NHK that the group would release a statement "  soon " about the hostages . That statement did n't come . When asked whether ISIS has been in negotiations with the Japanese government , the spokesman told NHK he would n't comment . ISIS claims the ransom amount is the same as the financial aid pledged by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to countries affected by the militant group . Japanese officials have repeatedly stressed that their military , which is constitutionally forbidden from taking action other than for self-defense , is n't involved in the international airstrikes against ISIS positions in Syria and Iraq . The Abe pledge is for humanitarian purposes , like helping refugees , not military purposes , Japan says . But ISIS appears unswayed . In his communication with NHK , the ISIS spokesman said the group is aware of what Japan says -- and then he went on to call the Japanese infidels for fighting with the group . Tokyo faces a dire predicament . It says it 's doing its best to communicate with ISIS . It wants to secure the hostages ' safe release , but it wo n't yield to threats . Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said he was aware of reports that ISIS would soon make a statement . "  We are receiving many different pieces of information , but as a government , we can not really comment as to whether that information is authentic , " he said . Caught in the middle are the two men , Goto and Yukawa . As the apparent deadline approached , Goto 's mother begged for her son 's life . "  To all members of ISIS , Kenji is not the enemy of ISIS . Please release him , " said the mother , Junko Ishido . "  There is so little time left before the deadline . " "  I have been just crying for the last three days , filled with sadness . Words fail to describe how I feel . Kenji always has been a kind person ever since he was little . He was always saying , ' I want to save the lives of children in war zones . ' " Leading Japanese news organizations have reported , citing unidentified government sources , that Goto 's wife got an email in December from someone demanding $ 8 million to $ 16 million for her husband 's return . The government is trying to confirm if that email came from ISIS , the reports said . If so , it could indicate the militant group is willing to accept a smaller ransom than the $ 200 million it had publicly demanded . But the question is what , if anything , Japan is willing to give . ISIS has a ruthless track record . It has released videos touting the killing of five Western hostages since August . Abe has called ISIS ' ultimatum over the two Japanese men 's lives "  unacceptable " and said the international community should n't give in to terrorists . But he and other government officials have n't explicitly ruled out paying a ransom . Should nations just pay ISIS ransom ? Some details have emerged about what spurred the two Japanese citizens to travel thousands of miles to the bloody Syrian conflict . While they had different professions , the two men knew and talked to each other , said Yukawa 's friend Nobuo Kimoto . Goto , an experienced freelance journalist , made a video in October near the Turkish-Syrian border before he embarked on a perilous journey into ISIS-controlled territory . "  It is my responsibility if something happens , " he explained . Goto , 47 , said he was determined to cover what was happening in the region . "  Syrian people suffering three years and a half . It 's enough , " he said . "  So I would like to get the story of what ISIS wants to do . " Alaaeddin Al Zaim , who had worked with Goto in Syria previously , says he warned him not to enter the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa . "  I tell him it 's not safe for you , " Al Zaim told CNN . But Goto chose to go anyway , saying , "  I am not American , I am not British . I 'm Japanese . I can go , " Al Zaim recalled . The aims and activities in Syria of Yukawa , a 42-year-old unemployed widower , are murkier . He originally headed to the war-ravaged country early last year with the aim of gaining combat and survival experience to bolster his plans to set up a private security company , said his friend Kimoto . There , Yukawa met Goto , who gave him insights on how to survive there , Kimoto said . He also introduced him to rebel fighters , who are distinct from ISIS even though both are fighting against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's forces . Some of the rebels talked about their need for ambulances to shuttle the wounded . That plea spurred Yukawa to start raising money for this cause after returning to Japan , according to Kimoto . "  I felt a chill when he said , after returning home ,  that  he felt in Syria he was really living a life , " Kimoto said . "  He seems to have felt satisfaction being there and living together with the locals . " Yukawa went back to Syria in July , a trip that Kimoto said he did n't know about at the time . Kimoto said he had advised his friend to focus on building up his private security company . Yukawa was reportedly captured in August . Opinion : Why countries should think about paying ransoms CNN 's Will Ripley contributed to this report from Tokyo ; Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong .	A Japanese broadcaster says it has been in contact with group The ultimatum is estimated to have expired at 2:50 p.m. Friday , Tokyo time
CNN  -- The first images are emerging of an adult Jaycee Dugard , the woman who was kidnapped when she was 11 and allegedly held captive for 18 years by a couple in an elaborate compound hidden in the backyard . Jaycee Dugard , shown here in 1991 , breaks her silence in the new issue of People magazine . Dugard is featured on the cover of the new issue of People magazine , smiling brightly in the photo , her face framed by long brown hair . "  I 'm so happy to be back with my family , " Dugard told the magazine . She lives in seclusion with her mother Terry Probyn and her two daughters , who police say were fathered by her captor Phillip Garrido . "  They live a surprisingly normal life , considering the circumstances , " said Terry Probyn 's stepmother , Joan Curry , according to the magazine . Read the story on People.com Dugard spends her time riding horses and cooking and is considering collaborating on a book , People reported . Watch a senior editor with People magazine explain why the photos are appearing now " Garrido and his wife are accused of abducting Dugard in 1991 from a bus stop near her home in South Lake Tahoe , California , and keeping her in the compound behind their home in Antioch , California . They were arrested in August and have been charged with a combined 29 felony counts in connection with the kidnapping and rape of Dugard . Both Garridos pleaded not guilty to the charges . Last month , an attorney for Dugard 's family said it has been a difficult transition for her and her two daughters , who are now 11 and 15 , given her captivity spanned more than half her life and was the only world she knew for so long . "  But there is no question that she knows that terrible and wrong things were done to her and that those people must be held accountable , " McGregor Scott said . Dugard will testify against the Garridos , he said . Scott acknowledged Dugard would have to relive the "  trauma " in court by sharing the "  very , very sordid tale . "	Jaycee Dugard is featured on the cover of the new issue of People magazine "  I 'm so happy to be back with my family , " Dugard tells the magazine Couple is accused of abducting Dugard in 1991 and keeping her captive for 18 years Police say her two daughters were fathered by her captor Phillip Garrido
CNN  -- Third seed Roger Federer returned to winning ways after a 10-month title drought with a convincing straight sets victory over Japan 's Kei Nishikori in the Swiss Indoors championship in Basel . Former world number one Federer delighted his home fans by powering to a 6-1 6-3 success , his fifth in the last six Basel events . The triumph also ended a relatively barren 2011 for Federer , whose only other ATP Tour title this season came in January 's Qatar Open in Doha . Nishikori , who had stunned world number one Novak Djokovic in the semifinals , had no answer to 30-year-old Federer , who was reaching his first final since losing to Rafael Nadal in the French Open at Roland Garros in June . Federer , who was securing his 68th career title , told reporters : "  It 's great to win at home once again . It was a perfect match for me and now I have big hopes for Paris and London this month . " Federer continued : "  I 've known , ever since I hit with him as a teenager , that Kei could have a good future . He has had some injuries but he 's playing well now . It was a good match and I 'm very happy for the win . " Nishikori added : "  I tried to fight , but Roger would not let me into the match . I 'm very glad to have played the final , it has always been one of my goals to play Roger . " Meanwhile , Spain 's Marcel Granollers defeated Argentina 's Juan Monaco 6-2 4-6 7-6  7/3  to win the Valencia Open on Sunday . It was the 25-year-old 's third career title and second this year following his victory over compatriot Fernando Verdasco in the Gstaad final in July .	Third seed Roger Federer defeats Kei Nishikori to win the Swiss Indoors title in Basel Federer cruises to a 6-1 6-3 victory for a fifth triumph in his ` home ' tournament The success ends a 10-month drought for Federer since winning event in Doha
CNN  -- Burglars broke into a Southern California home that appears to be that of pop music star Miley Cyrus , police said Saturday . The burglary was reported around 4:30 p.m.  7:30 p.m. ET  Friday at a residence in Studio City , according to Los Angeles police Officer Rosario Herrera . The homeowner told investigators that some personal items were taken . Authorities found no evidence of a forced entry , nor were any suspects seen at the property , Herrera said . Police declined to name the homeowner . But they did provide an address of a residence that is known to journalists as belonging to Cyrus . The singer 's representatives did not return CNN 's call for comment on the incident . It threatened to put a damper on a big weekend for Cyrus , who celebrated her 21st birthday on Saturday .	Burglars break in to a home in Studio City , California , police say The home is apparently that of singer Miley Cyrus Police say no suspects were seen , there 's no sign of forced entry
CNN  -- The Formula One title race took another twist on Sunday as Lewis Hamilton reignited his hopes with victory at the Italian Grand Prix , while Fernando Alonso extended his lead as rivals Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber flopped at Monza . Hamilton , whose future at McLaren has still yet to be decided , moved up to second in the standings with his first victory at the prestigious venue and third this season . "  It 's a fantastic win in front of the best crowd . I 'm happy for the team . It 's been the best day , " the 2008 world champion told reporters after giving McLaren a third successive victory . However , the English driver is still 37 points adrift of Alonso , who went into Ferrari 's home race with a 24-point advantage over Vettel after being caught in a spectacular crash at Spa last weekend . Latest F1 standings The Spaniard , seeking his third world title and first since he was at Renault in 2006 , had to settle for third place after an impressive drive by Sergio Perez , whose Sauber team use Ferrari engines . "  That was a great race for me for my team . It 's unbelievable to get a podium in Monza . It 's really special , " the Mexican said . Two-time world champion Vettel and Webber , who had been second and third overall , finished out of the points at the tail of the field as both drivers suffered problems . Their Red Bull team , seeking a third successive constructors ' title , now have a 29-point lead over McLaren with seven races remaining . "  Towards the end of the race , I had no rear tires left and I was pushing reasonably hard , " Webber said . "  I was worried about damaging the car . We do 330 km/h round here , I could n't see the track , so we decided to retire . " It was the first time both Red Bull drivers had failed to win points since the race in South Korea in 2010 . "  I found out I had a problem roughly 300 meters before I stopped the car . It was an alternator problem , similar to the one we had yesterday morning , " Vettel said . "  It had been a good race for us given the lack of pace . There are not so many long straights at the next couple of circuits , so we can challenge there . " McLaren drivers dominate Italian qualifying Hamilton started from pole position and finished the race with a comfortable 4.3-second margin over Perez , who began with hard tires while everyone else opted for medium Pirellis . Hamilton 's teammate Jenson Button , who won the last race in Belgium , had been in second place but a fuel pick-up problem on the 33rd lap meant he failed to finish -- a result that has almost extinguished his hopes of adding to his 2009 world title . Perez climbed from eighth to second by the 29th lap , while Alonso also worked his way up the grid from 10th following technical problems in Saturday 's qualifying . He was helped by Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa , who qualified third and gave up second place to Alonso on the 40th lap -- though Perez came through to secure his second runner-up finish this season and third podium position . Alonso survived a tussle with Vettel which earned the German a drive-through penalty , while Massa held on for fourth to equal his best result this season . "  It was a difficult race starting 10th , but we knew we had the quickest car , so to recover the way we did was good , " Alonso said . Former world champion Kimi Raikkonen took fifth to be third in the overall standings , a point behind Hamilton and one ahead of Vettel . Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher was sixth ahead of Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg , while Paul di Resta was eighth for Force India and Kamui Kobayashi ninth in the second Sauber . Bruno Senna , nephew of the late great Ayrton , claimed the final point ahead of Williams teammate Pastor Maldonado .	Lewis Hamilton wins Italian Grand Prix to move into second in F1 drivers ' standings Fernando Alonso extends lead to 37 points after finishing third at Ferrari 's home race Title rivals Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber finish out of the points at Monza Sauber 's Sergio Perez places second for his third podium finish this season
CNN  -- Gov. Bill Richardson of New Mexico will not pardon legendary Wild West outlaw Billy the Kid in the death of a law enforcement officer more than a century ago , he said Friday . Richardson made the announcement on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " the same day he leaves office . The issue facing Richardson was whether one of his predecessors , Gov. Lew Wallace , promised about 130 years ago to pardon Billy the Kid -- known more formally as William H. Bonney -- for killing Sheriff William Brady of Lincoln County , New Mexico . Wallace has long been said to have promised a pardon if Bonney testified before a grand jury that was investigating another killing . Wallace did not follow through on that promise , many say , and the reasons are debated . Richardson said he believes that Wallace did promise to pardon Bonney . Yet there is "  historical ambiguity " about why Wallace did not follow through , Richardson said , and he did not want to second-guess the former governor 's decision . "  It was a very close call , " Richardson said . "  The romanticism appealed to me to issue a pardon , but the facts and the evidence did not support it . " The governor acknowledged a positive side effect of his consideration of a pardon . "  It 's good for tourism , " he said . "  It 's gotten great publicity for the state . " Billy the Kid was born Henry McCarty but was also known as Bonney and Henry Antrim . He died at the hands of Sheriff Pat Garrett 129 years ago . He was 21 at the time of his death . Wallace 's great-grandson , William Wallace of Westport , Connecticut , has said there is no proof of an offered pardon . "  Where is the hard , concrete evidence ? " he asked CNN Friday , adding discussion of exactly what happened is full of "  gray areas . " While crediting Richardson for "  the correct rational track " in his decision , Wallace said "  why the governor commenced this nonsense four months ago remains a mystery . " A pardon would have defamed his ancestor , Wallace said . "  Lew Wallace  was a heroic figure in the history of the United States in the 19th century . " Some members of the Garrett family opposed a pardon . Besides arguing that Billy the Kid was an incorrigible killer , they wanted to make sure the sheriff was absolved of any wrongdoing related to the killing . Jarvis Patrick Garrett , the grandson of the sheriff , cheered the governor 's decision Friday . "  Yay ! No pardon ! Looks like it will be a great New Year ! " he said . Richardson had said he would not do anything that cast a cloud on Garrett . Some residents , including Governor-elect Susana Martinez , said there are more pressing issues facing the state . Richardson , a Billy the Kid buff , examined a promise by Wallace , the territorial governor , about 130 years ago to issue the outlaw a pardon . "  A promise is a promise and should be enforced , " said Albuquerque defense attorney Randi McGinn , who filed the petition for the pardon and volunteered to handle the case for free . Following Richardson 's decision , McGinn said in an e-mail , "  We won the battle  acknowledgement of Lew Wallace 's broken promise  , but lost the war  the pardon  . The historic debate will continue and perhaps a future New Mexico governor will grant justice for the Kid . " Garrett killed Billy the Kid on July 14 , 1881 , in Fort Sumner , weeks after the outlaw escaped from a jail . The sheriff , legend has it , was hiding in the dark and shot the Kid when he entered a room . Garrett was gunned down in 1908 at age 57 . Richardson had stressed that he would decide only the matter of Wallace 's promise of a pardon . Wallace -- who had also been a Union general in the Civil War and wrote the novel "  Ben-Hur " -- had promised to grant Bonney amnesty for the fatal shooting of Brady and other "  misdeeds " if he agreed to testify before a grand jury investigating another murder . Bonney cooperated , but the pardon did n't happen . According to Mark Lee Gardner and other historians , Bonney at one point wrote to Wallace , asking him to honor the deal . Garrett 's family argues Bonney decided to flee house arrest , making the pardon moot . He eventually was convicted in Brady 's death and was sentenced to death , the petition states . But he escaped from jail on April 28 , 1881 , killing two deputies . "  Still , regardless of Billy 's crimes , the motives of Richardson or the hollowness of posthumous justice , it all comes back to Wallace 's promise . A deal is a deal , and 129 years does n't change that . Billy is owed a pardon , " Gardner wrote earlier this year in the Los Angeles Times .	NEW : Descendant of 19th century governor pleased with decision Richardson did n't want to second-guess his predecessor He said "  the facts and the evidence " did not support a pardon Richardson will not pardon the legendary outlaw Billy the Kid
CNN  -- The young stars of "  The Hunger Games " may remember the blockbuster movie as the one that propelled their careers to the next level . But the biggest breakout star of the "  The Hunger Games " may well turn out to be the state of North Carolina . With $ 152.5 million opening weekend at the box office , the movie based on the New York Times bestseller by Suzanne Collins had the third best opening weekend of all time  and the best ever opening for a non-sequel  , according to Hollywood.com . And its frenzied fans are already showing up at movie locations around the state to see where scenes were shot . "  People are obsessed with ` The Hunger Games , ' " says Marnee Revri , a Raleigh-based travel agent affiliated with Frosch Entertainment , who booked travel for the movie 's cast and crew and blogged about it . "  I think there will be a bigger interest in people coming to visit , the same as the ` Twilight ' movies . Kids are going to want to  see  where it was filmed . " Find Katniss Everdeen 's hidden pond Many scenes were filmed in the woods of DuPont State Forest , a 10,400-acre wilderness where waterfalls , lakes and fishing streams made ideal settings for the movie 's outdoor scenes . Fans are likely to follow forest trails in search of character Katniss Everdeen 's pond , the bottom of Triple Falls waterfall and the remnants of the fireball sequence . A hike to Hooker Falls , Triple Falls and High Falls is part of the Carolina Mountain Land Conservancy 's eight-hike challenge . Rated "  easy , " the 2.6-mile waterfall hike has an elevation gain of 160 feet .  Triple Falls also stars in Michael Mann 's movie "  The Last of the Mohicans . " It 's true that the abandoned Henry River Mill Village , about 70 miles from Asheville in the small town of Hildebran , was home to the film 's "  District 12 " Mellark family bakery and the Everdeens ' shanty . But it 's private property -- so just look as you 're driving by -- and respect any "  No Trespassing " signs . Party where the stars hung out Parents of tweens and teens on this movie tour , take note . The movie 's stars spent their after-work hours in Asheville , a town you 'll enjoy independent of your child 's movie obsession . With its funky architecture , independent spirit and thriving restaurant and brewing scene , artsy Asheville did n't need a movie to confirm its tourist appeal . Actors reportedly dined at the Laughing Seed CafÃ © , Lexington Avenue Brewery , Wasabi and the Southern Kitchen and Bar . They also stopped by Malaprop 's Bookstore/Caf Ã © , the local independent bookseller . Cast member Woody Harrelson enjoyed the 46-foot rock-climbing wall at the U.S. National Whitewater Center in Charlotte , which served as the capitol in the film .  The center will host the U.S. Olympic Trials for canoe slalom April 12-14 .  Harrelson also enjoyed playing chess with locals at AmÃ © lie 's French bakery in Charlotte . Not a "  Hunger Games " fan ? You could still be inspired to learn some post-apocalyptic survival skills . If you 're in decent physical shape , learn to survive in the wilderness by taking courses at Nantahala Outdoor Center . Summer programs at the John C. Campbell Folk School in Brasstown include courses on cooking over an open fire , cooking with wild edibles , beekeeping and woodworking . If you prefer the work of Patrick Swayze , Kevin Costner or Daniel Day Lewis , you 're in luck . "  Dirty Dancing , " "  Bull Durham " and "  The Last of the Mohicans " were all shot in North Carolina . While your younger family members obsess on "  The Hunger Games , " you can celebrate the 25th anniversary of "  Dirty Dancing " this year with the 3rd annual Dirty Dancing Festival at Lake Lure  August 17-19  . Fans of the "  Ironman " series can expect the third installment of the movie , which is in pre-production in Wilmington , to draw attention to that location . And with North Carolina 's tax incentives for productions filmed in the state , expect more movie and television shows to bring their projects there . Make me a schedule Do n't want to plan your entire trip yourself ? The North Carolina Division of Tourism has made it easy for movie fans to make their "  Hunger Games " plans . The office has a four-day itinerary and a list of 12 places to experience the movie .	Movie fans are already visiting North Carolina to see where "  The Hunger Games " was filmed The Triple Falls waterfall , part of an easy hike in the DuPont State Forest , is integral to the movie The film 's stars enjoyed Asheville 's restaurants and culture after shooting
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Bruce Lee , the movie icon credited with bringing martial arts to the mainstream , has long been one of Hong Kong 's proudest exports -- and come Saturday , Hong Kongers will have a chance to own a piece of history , when 13 pieces of Lee memorabilia go to auction . The star of classics such as Fists of Fury and Enter the Dragon , Lee was raised in Hong Kong before moving to the United States in 1959 to teach kung fu . Among the items to be auctioned by Phila China and U.S.-based Kelleher Auctions is a fur-lined , Chinese-style costume jacket , which was custom-made for Lee 's follow-up film to Enter the Dragon . The coat was worn by the star in 1973 , just before he died from a reaction to medication . Other lots include signed student membership cards to Lee 's kung fu schools , and a martial-arts book inscribed by the actor . Anna Lee , spokeswoman for Phila China auction house , anticipates the auction will go very well . "  It is the first time since 1993 -- when Lee 's family auctioned 200 items in Los Angeles -- that lots of Lee items have gone on sale at once . " About 150 people are expected to attend the auction in person , with phone bidders dialing in from around the world . Bidding is expected to focus on one particular item -- a three-page letter handwritten by Lee in 1966 . Written to Taky Kimura -- fellow kung fu instructor , friend and best man at Lee 's 1964 wedding -- the note reveals Lee 's hopes for the future : "  I 'm looking forward for the T.V. series of ` Green Hornet ' to come out so that Gung Fu will catch on , " he wrote in one excerpt . The letter is estimated to sell for between U.S. $ 25,664 and U.S. $ 38,496 . Phila China expects the 13 lots , which all came from the same American collector , to collectively fetch up to U.S. $ 113,000 . W. Wong Yiu-keung , chairman of the Bruce Lee Fan Club , says this is a momentous occasion for Bruce Lee fans . "  Those lots are meaningful and memorable that let us know more about Bruce Lee , " he explained . "  Bruce Lee movies had a great impact on both Westerners and non-Westerners -- those movies strides across different countries , races and languages . " After plans to turn Lee 's old home in Hong Kong into a museum fell through this year , this auction is one way for Hong Kongers to finally show Lee some love .	Bruce Lee memorabilia goes to auction August 6 in Hong Kong 13 items are sale , including costume jacket , membership cards , and letter written by Lee The entire collection is expected to fetch U.S. $ 113,000
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Unemployment in Spain has reached 20 percent , meaning 4.6 million people are out of work , the Spanish government announced Friday . The figure , from the first quarter , is up from 19 percent and 4.3 million people in the previous quarter . It represents the second-highest unemployment rate in the European Union , after Latvia , according to figures Friday from Eurostat , the EU 's statistics service . Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero told Parliament on Wednesday he believes the jobless rate has peaked and will now start to decline . The first quarter of the year is traditionally poor for Spain because of a drop in labor-intensive activity like construction , agriculture and tourism . This week , Standard & Poor 's downgraded Spain 's long-term credit rating and said the outlook is negative . "  We now believe that the Spanish economy 's shift away from credit-fuelled economic growth is likely to result in a more protracted period of sluggish activity than we previously assumed , " Standard & Poor 's credit analyst Marko Mrsnik said . Gross domestic product growth in Spain is expected to average 0.7 percent annually through 2016 , compared with previous expectations of 1 percent annually , he said . Spain 's economic problems are closely tied to the housing bust there , according to The Economist magazine . Many of the newly unemployed worked in construction , it said . The recession revealed how dependent public finances were on housing-related tax revenues , it said . Another problem in Spain is that wages are set centrally and most jobs are protected , making it hard to shift skilled workers from one industry to another , the magazine said . Average unemployment for the 27-member European Union stayed stable in March at 9.6 percent , Eurostat said Friday . That percentage represents 23 million people , it said . The lowest national unemployment rates were in the Netherlands and Austria , which had 4.1 and 4.9 percent respectively , Eurostat said . -- CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report .	Government says 4.6 million people are out of work in Spain Figure is up from 19 percent and 4.3 million people in the previous quarter Spain 's unemployment rate is second highest in Europe after Latvia
CNN  -- The beauty of having your own radio or TV show or column is that you have a wonderful opportunity to address many of the significant issues of the day by using the enormous platform that has been bestowed upon you . That 's why when I read , and then heard , the stunning , childish , and venomous discussion Dr. Laura Schlesinger had with one of her callers Tuesday , it was clear to me that the firebrand radio talk show host blew a perfect shot . She could have used the exchange around race to help a lot of people . Dr. Laura is getting ripped , rightfully so , for her repeated use of the N-word during the discussion with a black female caller . Instead of paying attention and listening to the woman 's genuine concerns about the racist comments made by the friends and family members of her white husband , Dr. Laura made her out to be the villain . It was clear that Dr. Laura had a beef of her own when it comes to black folks being too sensitive about matters of race , and that 's why she tried to use the example of black comedians using the N-word to buttress her position that the woman should really pipe down and not be so sensitive about such issues . She could have easily pivoted from the caller 's question to explore this issue , but she did n't , choosing to dig herself deeper and deeper into the racial abyss . First , Dr. Laura needs to step back and realize that yes , black comedians use the N-word onstage , and it is something that I have protested and called for all African-Americans to stop using . But let 's be honest , comedians of all ethnic groups do all kinds of crazy stuff on stage , dissing African-Americans , Hispanics , Asians , Native Americans , whites , men , women , gays , Jews , the mentally challenged , you name it . So when the B-word , C-word , or F-word is used onstage , are we to say that is perfectly acceptable language offstage ? Dr. Laura also would fail at political analysis in her assertion that a lot of black folks voted for President Obama because he 's half-black . Should someone remind her that Obama got 95 percent of the black vote . Pretty pale Democrats like Al Gore and Bill Clinton got between 90 percent and 92 percent of the black vote . Dr. Laura , that 's largely a Democratic thing ; it 's not necessarily a black thing . As I listened to the caller , and as Dr. Laura continued haranguing her , it was clear that the woman who has made millions dispensing advice on the radio for years needs to have someone sit her down and explain how she not only screwed up by tossing out the N-word repeatedly , she also squandered a chance to be a part of what many considered to be essential : a national discussion on race . The caller was disturbed about those in the inner circle of her husband driving their racial stereotypes and as making racial comments in front of her . When I keep hearing folks talk about the need for a national conversation about race , it 's not all about Obama leading it . If we are to conquer our racial demons , it 's necessary for the caller 's white husband to be as willing to look his friends and family members in the eye and say , "  your comments are insulting to my wife and I want you to stop . Now ! " The real problem many of us have when confronting race matters is that we are too unwilling to challenge those closest to us . No child wants to enter into a verbal battle with his or her mother or father who may hold racist views , or willingly accept racial stereotypes . But none of us can be silent when that happens . It was the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. who said , "  In the end , we will remember not the words of our enemies , but the silence of our friends . " Do you recall the restaurant scene in the movie , "  The Blind Side , " where the "  friends " of Sandra Bullock were making offhanded racial comments ? When she had enough of their mess , she checked them and made clear she would be dining with others . She refused to allow their racial hang-ups to stain her . Bullock 's character could have easily kept the friendship intact by saying nothing and moving on . But she chose a different path . Dr. Laura had the same opportunity . She could have heard the woman out and dispensed some genuine advice that could have helped the caller and her listening audience . Instead , she grabbed that chip on her should that revealed to us that she is clearly annoyed when some blacks complain about racism . She compounded that by telling the woman she should have never married outside of her race if she could n't stand racial humor . Folks , that 's not how to do it . Dr. Laura has apologized , but that has n't stopped people like Marc Morial , CEO of the National Urban League , from calling on The Talk Network to drop her syndicated show . If we truly want folks to "  get over it "  which is what Dr. Laura essentially told this black woman to do when it came to racism  , it is going to take us reforming the bigots , and not admonishing the offended . I fundamentally believe we can get people to see their racial bigotry or insensitive views and offer them a pathway towards healing , but that can only happen when we 're willing to challenge one another -- friend or foe -- and look into the mirror and confront our own deeply embedded views on race . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Laura Schlesinger repeatedly using the N-word in a radio show conversation She could have pivoted from the caller 's question to explore racial issues , Roland Martin writes Martin : Many of us , when confronted with racism , wo n't challenge those closest to us Bigots need reforming , not the offended , Martin writes
CNN  -- Christine O'Donnell 's upset win over Rep. Mike Castle in the Delaware Republican Senate primary is also another major victory for the Tea Party Express and for Sarah Palin . "  I also want to thank the Tea Party Express , " said O'Donnell in her victory speech Tuesday night . The Tea Party Express , a leading Tea Party organization , endorsed O'Donnell on July 21 and spent more than $ 250,000 to help the once long shot candidate defeat Castle , a brand name in Delaware thanks to two terms as governor and the past 18 years as the statewide congressman . O'Donnell 's victory comes two weeks after Sen. Lisa Murkowski conceded to Joe Miller in Alaska 's GOP Senate primary . The Tea Party Express pumped in about $ 600,000 to help the once unknown Miller edge out Murkowski , part of a political dynasty in Alaska . Tea Party Express is one of the most recognized national Tea Party organizations , thanks to its three high-profile bus caravans and rallies . The group , based in Sacramento , California , has also become a major player in Republican Party politics , spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on ads for Republican Senate candidate Scott Brown in Massachusetts , who in January upset Democrat Martha Coakley in a special election to fill the late Sen. Ted Kennedy 's seat . More recently , the organization helped the little-known Sharron Angle win the Republican primary in Nevada , endorsing her and spending about a half-million dollars on ads . Angle now faces off in the general election against Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , the top Democrat in the chamber . Tea Party Express , along with other Tea Party groups and other conservative organizations , also targeted incumbent Republican Sen. Bob Bennett in Utah for his vote on the Troubled Assets Relief Program and helped defeat his bid for a fourth term . Tea Party Express then backed underdog Mike Lee 's successful primary campaign in Utah and Lee now is heavily favored to win the general election in November and join the Senate next year . The group also endorsed Rand Paul in Kentucky . The son of former GOP presidential hopeful and Texas Rep. Ron Paul topped Kentucky Secretary of State Trey Grayson , the establishment Republican candidate , in the state 's Senate primary . They also endorsed Marco Rubio in Florida . The former Florida House speaker , once a long shot to win the Republican Senate nomination , is now the party 's nominee . The onetime front-runner , Gov. Charlie Crist , dropped his bid for the GOP nomination and is running for the Senate as an independent candidate . Among its rare statewide defeats : The Tea Party Express backed state lawmaker Chuck DeVore in California 's Senate primary . He lost to Carly Fiorina . It also supported Rep. Todd Tiahrt in Kansas . Fellow Republican Rep. Jerry Moran beat Tiahrt in the primary . So what 's the secret to the Tea Party Express ' success ? "  They have cut right to the chase . They have a very uncomplicated message that resonates with voters who think Washington 's problems are quite simple and quite obvious : We 're spending too much money , government is too big and we ca n't trust career politicians to fix these problems . And voters are indicating they would much rather try something or someone new instead of sticking with the status quo or the safe pick , " said Republican strategist Kevin Madden . But not all the news for the Tea Party Express has been positive . Earlier this summer , the National Tea Party Federation , which seeks to represent the Tea Party political movement around the country , expelled the Tea Party Express because of an inflammatory blog post that one of its leaders , Mark Williams , wrote responding to criticism of the Tea Party movement from the NAACP . The story made national headlines and Williams later stepped down as spokesman for Tea Party Express . O'Donnell 's victory is also a big win for Palin . "  Thank you Gov. Palin for your endorsement , " said O'Donnell . "  She got behind us war-weary folks and gave us a boost of encouragement when we needed it . " On September 9 , the former Alaska governor and the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee endorsed O'Donnell . One day before the primary , a recording of Palin urging Delaware Republicans to vote for O'Donnell was blasted to voters by robo-calls across the state . Many statewide candidates that Palin has endorsed have done well in this year 's Republican primaries . Alaska 's Miller was one of three Palin-backed statewide candidates running in the August 24 primaries who went on to victory . She also endorsed Arizona Sen. John McCain , the former presidential candidate who rocketed Palin to stardom in 2008 when he selected her as his running mate . Though members of the Tea Party movement lined up against the longtime Arizona senator , Palin stayed loyal to McCain and appeared at a campaign event with him in March . Addressing long-standing concern among conservatives McCain is too centrist , Palin said the Arizona senator is driven by "  common-sense conservative principles " and touted his steadfast opposition to the Obama administration . McCain beat former Rep. J.D. Hayworth by more than 30 points . In the race for Florida attorney general , Palin backed Pam Bondi , a Tampa prosecutor who faced the better-known Lt. Gov. Jeff Kottkamp for the job . Palin 's endorsement of Bondi came about a week before the vote and even surprised Bondi , who had no notice Palin would take to her Facebook page to back the campaign . Bondi came out on top in a three-candidate field . In August , several Palin-endorsed candidates suffered losses in statewide Republican primaries . She backed Tea Party activist and former NFL player Clint Didier , who was easily defeated by Dino Rossi for the Senate nomination in Washington . Wyoming State Auditor Rita Meyer , who had Palin 's backing , narrowly lost her bid for the GOP gubernatorial nomination . Palin campaigned in person with former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel , who lost a runoff to former Rep. Nathan Deal for the state 's Republican nomination for governor . Palin also endorsed Tea Party Express-backed Tiahrt , who was defeated in the battle for the Senate nomination in Kansas . Earlier in the primary season , Palin successfully backed statewide candidates such as Nikki Haley in South Carolina , Terry Branstad in Iowa and Susana Martinez in New Mexico , who all won gubernatorial nominations , and Fiorina in California and Paul in Kentucky , who captured Senate nominations . CNN 's Alex Mooney , Peter Hamby and Allison Harding contributed to this report .	GOP Senate candidate Christine O'Donnell gives Palin , Tea Party Express a win Tea Party Express pours cash into campaigns of its favored candidates Palin surprises some of her favorites with Facebook endorsements
A Saudi diplomat and his Yemeni aide were killed Wednesday in the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , according to a senior official at the Saudi Embassy there . The diplomat , named as Khaled al-Onizi , and his assistant were shot dead in an attack on their vehicle near the Saudi official 's residence in Bait Zabatan district , a suburb of the capital near Hadda district . Saudi Arabia is not yet accusing anyone over the attack , "  but this was planned and a group of gunmen were involved in the killing of the Saudi official , " according to the senior Saudi official , who asked not to be named as he is not authorized to speak to the media . Saudi diplomat kidnapped in Yemen The diplomat was an official in the Saudi military section of the Sanaa embassy , he said . At least five gunmen in a 4x4 truck chased the victims ' vehicle for about five minutes , the Saudi official said . More than 20 shots were fired in the victims ' direction . The Saudi official 's vehicle flipped as the driver tried to escape , he said . The attack is the latest in a series of violent incidents to shake Yemen . Saudi diplomat shot dead in Bangladesh In October , a security official with the U.S. Embassy in Yemen was shot dead in his car on his way to work in Sanaa . Yemeni security officials said that killing , which was carried out by men on a motorcycle , bore the hallmarks of al Qaeda . Yemen 's security forces have been battling al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which has been blamed for numerous attacks in the country . Al Qaeda gained strength last year after taking control of several towns in south Yemen . The militant group benefited from political unrest sparked by the Arab Spring uprisings that led to longtime Yemeni ruler Ali Abdullah Saleh stepping down from power in exchange for immunity from prosecution .	A Saudi diplomat has been shot dead in Sanaa , a senior Saudi official says The diplomat and his Yemeni aide came under attack from several gunmen , he says More than 20 shots were fired at their vehicle as they fled , the official says Saudi Arabia is not yet accusing anyone over the attack
CNN  Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight . "  With his Iran deal , Barack Obama is for the 300 million souls of the United States what Andreas Lubitz was for the 150 souls on the German Wings flight - a deranged pilot flying his entire nation into the rocks , " the Minnesota Republican and former representative wrote in a Facebook comment posted March 31 . "  After the fact , among the smoldering remains of American cities , the shocked survivors will ask , why did he do it ? " Andreas Lubitz , the co-pilot of Germanwings Flight 9525 , is accused by authorities of deliberately crashing the plane in the French Alps . He died in the crash along with 149 other crew and passengers . The motive of the March 24 crash is under investigation , though investigators are looking in to whether Lubitz feared a medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot 's license . Many comments posted on her Facebook page blasted the former representative . Melissa Coca wrote , "  Comparing this tragedy to anything is moronic and despicable . " Michael J Pristash wrote , "  Your allusion is so inappropriate and divisive , not to mention disrespectful on so many levels . Shame on you . " Some also accused her of taking desperate measures to stay in the public eye . Lynda Anderson wrote , "  Posting outrageous things in a pathetic attempt to stay relevant ? " Negotiations are coming down to the wire between Iran , the United States and other nations on restricting Tehran 's nuclear program to prevent the ability to develop an atomic bomb . One deadline passed Tuesday , but there is a June 30 deadline for a comprehensive deal -- with all technical and diplomatic impasses fully worked out . Bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the President 's dealing with Iran , personally telling him to "  bomb Iran " during the 2014 White House Christmas Party . "  I turned to the president and I said , something to the effect of , ` Mr. President , you need to bomb the Iranian nuclear facilities , because if you do n't , Iran will have a nuclear weapon on your watch and the course of world history will change , ' " she told the Washington Free Beacon . The congresswoman , who sought the GOP presidential nomination in 2012 , said Obama had a "  condescending smile on his face and laughed at me . " She said he told her : "  Well Michele , it 's just not that easy . "	Former GOP representative compares President Obama to Andreas Lubitz Bachmann said with possible Iran deal , Obama will fly "  entire nation into the rocks " Reaction on social media ? She was blasted by Facebook commenters
CNN  -- It was the kind of phone call military families dread receiving from Iraq and Afghanistan -- not from Texas . Peggy McCarty 's daughter called Thursday afternoon to say she had been wounded by a gunshot in her left shoulder . Keara Bono , 21 , assured her mother that she was OK , but McCarty 's heart skipped . She knew she had much to fear when Bono , an Army specialist , arrived at Fort Hood to prepare for an early December deployment to Iraq . But McCarty never thought she would have to worry about her child getting wounded on American soil . "  I thought I was more worried about her going over to Iraq than here , just doing training in Texas . She just got there yesterday , " McCarty told CNN affiliate KSHB-TV in Kansas City , Missouri . Bono was one of 30 people hurt when a soldier opened fire on a military processing center at Fort Hood , the place where soldiers report before they head to war . They get medical and dental checkups there . They settle finances and even make out their wills . Thursday , the center turned into a killing field , and 13 lives were abruptly cut short . America watched in horror the news of the shootings , the deadliest ever on a military base . Some of the victims , such as Bono , were preparing to head to Iraq or Afghanistan . They were felled instead in the place they called home . When the shouts of "  Shots fired ! Shots fired ! " started , one soldier pushed and shoved people to get out the back of the readiness center . And run . The soldier , who did not want to be identified , heard more screaming . Soldiers were dragging bodies away from the shooter . They snatched tablecloths off tables , cut up their own sage-green digital combat uniforms , even their tan undershirts , and turned them into tourniquets and pressure bandages . Everyone tried to render CPR and medical aid . Some were medical personnel . Others were simply friends helping friends . They were soldiers , after all , and trained as combat lifesavers , though they could not have imagined having to use their skills at home . But soldiers never abandon wounded comrades on the battlefield . Most of the injured were awake and alert , witnesses recalled . They just were n't talking . About a mile away at Darnall Army Medical Center , Army medic Spc. Eric Blohm waited for mass casualties . If the emergency rooms filled up , Darnall would put victims in rooms where usually babies are brought into the world . It felt too much like Blohm 's tour of Iraq . "  I 'm pretty shocked and bewildered , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  Going to war and experiencing combat overseas and then ... to have your sense of security shattered , that 's just kind of unreal . " Watch Blohm describe the scene The shooting suspect , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , was a psychiatrist who had an office at Darnall . Now , the hospital was taking in the doctor 's alleged victims . Sirens , installed after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , sound routinely at Fort Hood during emergency drills . Pam Stephenson , the wife of a Judge Advocate General officer , was used to the blaring noise . Early afternoon , she was about to make a quick trip to the grocery with Megan , her 5-year-old who stayed at home sick on Thursday . But then she heard the whirring of choppers overhead and warnings on the loudspeakers : "  Take cover . Stay away from windows . Lock your doors . " Her husband called and told her not to leave the house . She turned on the television and learned the grim news . The gunman , she discovered , was a soldier . "  When you hear it 's soldiers gone crazy -- you do n't know what kind of ammunition or guns they have , " she said . She wanted to fetch Patrick , 2 , stuck at day care , but the sprawling post was under lockdown . No one knew then if there were killers on the loose . The streets were deserted . A mass of cars , waiting to get out , piled up at the gates . Loved ones waited on the other side , desperate for news of their soldiers . Stephenson checked Facebook and read a message from a military friend serving overseas . Deployed soldiers from Fort Hood were in a panic not knowing whether their families were safe . She checked on the soldier 's wife and worried about Patrick . Finally , at 7:15 , she was able to see her baby . Many miles away in Punta Gorda , Florida , Roxanne Johnson was chitchatting with her son , Justin , on the phone . He was a young track vehicle mechanic who was heading to Afghanistan come January . Mother and son joked and laughed , like they always did . And then she heard a strange noise : "  Dosh , dosh , dosh . " What was that ? she wondered . "  At first I thought he was just kidding around and turning up the video game , and then I said , well , maybe it 's a training exercise , " Johnson told CNN affiliate WINK News in Fort Myers , Florida . She pressed the phone to her ear and listened . She heard the screams and the crying . Wow , she thought . It sounds so real . Her son 's voice was gone . She refused to hang up until she could hear Justin again . She heard people shuffling about and muffled voices . Where was Justin ? Had he been hurt ? What was going on ? "  Justin , call home ! " she said aloud . Hours passed before Johnson learned the fate of her son . He was one of the shooting victims . But Justin Johnson was one of the lucky ones . He underwent surgery and was recovering Thursday night . Roxanne Johnson breathed a sigh of relief and was able finally to disconnect her phone .	Parents worry about dangers overseas , not in Texas Soldiers use battlefield medical training on home soil Mother worries about son in day care as post is locked down Watch a CNN investigation on the shootings at Saturday 8 p.m. ET on CNN TV
CNN  -- Thais Mills was looking forward to taking her 7-year-old niece to see "  The Dark Knight Rises " Friday evening at 8:15 . But in the wake of the shooting at an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater , the 31-year-old from New Orleans said she would surrender the movie tickets she bought for about $ 20 in advance . "  I just feel like now the movie theater is , it 's not a place of peace , " Mills said . "  Think about how vulnerable you are . You 're in a dark room sitting next to people you do n't know . Until something is concocted that can ensure my safety , I just feel more comfortable at the house . " But not all moviegoers will steer clear of the theater . Despite the many users on social networking sites who echoed Mills ' grief and fear , more than 2,000 people were checked in to "  The Dark Knight Rises " on GetGlue as of 11:30 a.m. Friday . CNN asked readers what they thought on Facebook . "  I still went and saw it , " said a Facebook user named Christopher Vento . "  Tragedy happens every day . We must not let fear govern our lives . " Another poster , Jeanne Ballinger Sedgwick , said she did not plan on seeing the Batman film , but was hesitant to attend a different midnight showing . "  I do n't think I 'll feel safe sitting in a theater to see any popular movie for quite some time . I do n't think that would ever happen here , but neither did those poor people sitting there in the dark theater last night in Aurora . " Twitter user @sophiacrowley wrote : "  I refuse to live in fear , this wo n't deter me from going to the movies anymore than 9/11 stopped me from flying . " Other users expressed similar sentiments , tweeting , "  It 's sad what happened but it 's not going to stop me from going about my daily life or even going to the movies . " For former film critic Steven Senski , avoiding the theater is n't the answer . However , the 49-year-old Muskego , Wisconsin , resident who managed a movie theater in 2003 , said he 's "  very much disinclined to attend a midnight showing . " Shooting casts pall over ` Dark Knight Rises ' blockbuster weekend "  Midnight showings are , and have always had a unique certain air about them , " Senski said . "  You do bring in patrons fresh from the bar , patrons who are sleep deprived , and in cases like ` The Dark Knight Rises , ' you bring in people who may be dressed , costumed . It is a very joyous atmosphere , but it feels out of the theater 's control . " Both Senski and Mills agree that one reason so many people enjoy going to the movies is because it offers an escape from reality . "  A movie theater should be one of the safest places you can be , " Senski said . "  When we go to the theater , when the lights come down , there 's that feeling of ... whatever your problems , whatever your concerns , you 're going to set them aside for two hours and hopefully be entertained . " Though Warner Bros. , the studio behind the movie , canceled its Paris premiere , it said it was "  deeply saddened " by the incident but would not cancel any screenings . Infants too young for late-night movies ? The Department of Homeland Security reissued a checklist to theater operators , covering security and emergency procedures . It also reminded them to ensure their staffs are properly trained . The National Association of Theatre Owners , which represents more than 30,000 movie screens , said it was "  working closely with local law enforcement agencies and reviewing security procedures . " "  On behalf of all the members and staff of the National Association of Theatre Owners , our hearts and prayers go out to the victims of this despicable act and their families , " a statement says . "  We are grateful for the quick and effective response by police and emergency personnel . Guest safety is , and will continue to be a priority for theater owners . " Some police departments and theaters around the country tightened security on Friday . William J. Bratton , chairman of Kroll Advisory Solutions , which provides risk consulting , said he did not expect decreased attendance at theaters showing "  The Dark Knight Rises . " "  This type of shooting could occur at a ball park , a concert , it could occur anywhere , " said Bratton . "  This appears to be , fortunately , an isolated incident . " Police departments ca n't afford to patrol theaters over the long term , he said . "  In America today , there is no need to significantly increase security in our public spaces , " said Bratton , former Los Angeles police chief . "  You respond to threats , but with millions of public spaces , we do n't live in a police state . " He said he expects some lessons will be learned from Friday 's horrific incident . He cited notification systems that grew out of the Columbine and Virginia Tech attacks . "  Some of the larger  theater  chains might go for some enhanced security theaters . Some of the smaller ones wo n't be able , " he said . Mills , a Katrina survivor , said , "  There has to be a sense of togetherness to get us through , " and it will take time before she feels comfortable going to the movie theater again . Theater shooting unfolds in real time over social media Her niece , who watched the tragedy unfold on TV , "  is more than shaken up , " Mills said , noting the pair typically see one movie together every week . "  It 's the most affordable form of outdoor entertainment , " she added . Still , her niece 's safety and peace of mind come first . "  I 'm going to have to keep a close eye on her and see where her comfort levels are , but for now we 'll just be enjoying some old DVDs . " In light of the recent shooting , what are your thoughts on gun control and public safety ? Let us know on CNN iReport	NEW : Risk consultant says shootings wo n't affect attendance Some moviegoers will surrender pre-bought movie tickets More than 2,000 people were checked in to "  Rises " on GetGlue as of 11:30 a.m. on Friday National Association of Theatre Owners : Working with police , reviewing security procedures
CNN  -- President Barack Obama will find that much has changed in Mexico when he arrives on May 2 . Our neighbor to the South -- and second-largest export market -- has moved far ahead with reforms . As Congress crafts comprehensive immigration legislation , Democrats and Republicans must keep in mind that Mexico is changing rapidly , and policies crafted to reflect yesterday 's Mexico will not help the U.S. make the most of the potential of today 's and tomorrow 's Mexico . Mexico 's future is bright , and tapping into this growth and economic prosperity is vital to U.S. competitiveness . But the U.S. needs immigration reform to build on its huge bilateral trade with Mexico -- more than $ 1 billion in goods and services each day , or $ 45 million an hour . Mexico 's President Enrique PeÃ ± a Nieto has achieved in less than five months in office what eluded previous administrations for six years . In the second half of 2013 , he hopes to add energy to the improvements in education and telecommunications that are sailing through under the umbrella of the Pact for Mexico political agreement . Demographic and economic transformations in Mexico mean that the U.S. can expect the number of Mexicans coming into the U.S. to slow to a trickle . Mexicans make up about 58 % of the 11 million in the U.S. without authorization . The Pew Hispanic Center reports zero net migration from 2005 to 2010 , with about 1.4 million Mexicans both entering and leaving the United States . Pew demographers even raise the possibility that the return flow may be exceeding the number of Mexicans coming north . The reasons for the drop in Mexican migration are a combination of changes in the "  push " and "  pull " factors that determine migratory patterns . The decline in the "  pull " factor is all too well-known -- it 's no longer so desirable to migrate to the U.S. for jobs . But Mexico 's rise also means that going north is a less attractive option for getting ahead in life . Its economy grew at more than double the rate of the U.S. last year , with a projected 3.5 % growth in 2013 . Between 2005 and 2008 , as noted in Americas Society and Council of the Americas "  Get the Facts " series , the number of new Mexican businesses created each year increased by 27 % , which is 2.5 times the G20 average . Over the same period , the number of students in Mexico graduating from advanced university level programs increased by 11 % . If the February education reform , aimed at improving standards to boost the overall quality of education , is successful , more young Mexicans will have the training to compete in the 21st century workforce . In the past decade , the Mexican middle class grew by 17 % , and in just two generations , the fertility rate dropped nearly 70 % -- signaling the end of the youth bulge that contributed to the "  push " to the United States . Mexico is a hub of business activity . Despite the insecurity in certain parts of the country , Mexican entrepreneurs and foreign companies are setting up shop . Guadalajara is fast-becoming Mexico 's Silicon Valley with tech entrepreneurs from across Mexico flocking to the capital of Jalisco state . At the same time , as wages rise in China , firms are relocating their manufacturing options to Mexico , where wages remain competitive and where products have easier access to the U.S. and Canadian markets through the North American Free Trade Agreement . Comprehensive immigration reform will open a gateway to one of Latin America 's fastest-growing economies . By providing a pathway to citizenship for the undocumented immigrants of Mexican origin , reform will make it easier for laborers to cross borders , which will harness the competitiveness of both countries . It would also show that the U.S. is a true economic partner with Mexico and the rest of the Americas . Legal status would open the door for these immigrants and their children to further increase their contributions to the U.S. economy and to start small businesses that would capitalize on their cross-border networks . This is a highly likely scenario as immigrants are more likely to start a business than those born in the U.S. , and Mexicans represent the greatest number of foreign-born small-business owners . At the same time , greater emphasis on a demand-driven visa system would create new ways for workers to enter the U.S. who will be increasingly needed as baby boomers retire . Also critical for increasing cross-border trade is improving efficiency at the border . Any new border security plan should improve infrastructure and technology to reduce the congestion that delays trade . Improved trade means more U.S. jobs , with 6 million , or 1 in 24 jobs , across 22 states attributed to bilateral commerce . Undocumented immigration will keep declining as more Mexicans find new opportunities at home . That means the big question for Congress to consider should be how to ensure that our immigration system helps North American competitiveness and prosperity , and how the U.S. can attract the workers -- including Mexicans -- it will need .	Jason Marczak : Obama will see a Mexico on the rise economically when he visits Marczak : Immigration law needs to address the Mexico of today and tomorrow Immigration reform will open up one of Latin America 's fastest-growing economies , he says Also critical for increasing cross-border trade is improving efficiency at the border , he says
CNN  -- When I heard the news that Sally Ride , the first American woman in space , died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer I was shocked and saddened . She was a woman clearly ahead of her time , blazing trails for all of those behind her , showing other women that it was possible to be smart , to care about science and to be an astronaut . After her death , it was revealed that she was gay , but it did n't totally surprise me . Being a lesbian myself , I admit I was proud to learn that such an accomplished American pioneer and role model was on "  our team . " Some are saying that she let the gay and lesbian community down , that she should have been more visible and should have publicly declared her sexual orientation . She could have made a contribution to gay rights . She could have inspired many young people struggling with their sexuality . But it is n't that easy . Especially for women like Sally and me , who grew up in the '50s and '60s . I retired from the Navy in June 2002 as a captain after nearly 30 years of living under "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and its predecessor . Once I retired , I knew that I needed to add my voice to the fight against DADT , to be a visible example of a gay service member . However , outing myself beyond my close circle of friends was n't easy . I was proud of my accomplishments but a big part of me wanted to keep my personal life private . In America : Sally Ride as role model In my early career , most of my challenges , like those of Sally Ride I suspect , were trying to succeed in what was pretty much a man 's world . No , Sally was n't in the military -- but being a part of NASA had many similarities . I can see why she wanted to focus on succeeding as a woman , which was difficult enough , and did n't want to complicate things by bringing up her sexual orientation . More science news from CNN Light Years She carried the burden of being the first American woman to go into space and all that it meant , and back then , she faced some pretty laughable questions . One was whether the flight would affect her reproductive organs . Former astronaut Rick Hauck , who was co-pilot on the 1983 Challenger mission with Sally , recalls another : A reporter asked : "  Do you think you will cry during the flight ? " and she answered : "  Why does n't Rick get asked that question ? " There is still a long way to go . For example , Sally 's partner of 27 years , Tam Shaughnessy , will not receive her federal survivor 's benefits because it is prohibited by the Defense of Marriage Act . Still , a lot has changed rather quickly for the better . DADT has been repealed , and gays and lesbians are serving openly and successfully in the military . Marriage equality is beginning to take hold in several states , and campaigns such as the "  It Gets Better " project are trying to send a message that it really is OK to be LGBT . Opinion : A friend remembers Sally Ride Could Sally Ride have come out publicly before her death ? Yes . But we should respect her choice to keep her personal life relatively private . Perhaps , if she had been fortunate to have lived a little longer , she might have decided that giving up some of her privacy was worth it to let people see her as an American hero who "  happened to be a lesbian . " I know thousands of LGBT kids might have been encouraged to learn Sally Ride was gay -- but we need to remember that those of us who grew up in the '50s and '60s , when many of us did n't even know what gay meant , are still on a journey of self-acceptance . I still marvel at so many young gay and lesbian kids when I see how accepting they are of themselves and how their straight peers accept them as "  normal . " Although I am retired and DADT is gone , I still hesitate to share I am a lesbian and am still surprised when people are totally fine with it . Opinion : Thank you , Sally Ride Let 's remember Sally Ride as a courageous pioneer and American hero . Let 's not let the fact that she did n't publicly come out to the world detract in any way from her remarkable accomplishments . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joan Darrah .	Sally Ride kept her sexual preference a secret during her lifetime Some say Sally should have come out , Joan Darrah says , but it was n't easy in her generation Darrah : When Sally and she grew up , being a woman in a man 's world was hard enough Darrah : Ride should be remembered for her remarkable life , not for her orientation
CNN  -- Andy Murray 's birthday celebrations were brought to an abrupt halt after his plans to compete at the French Open were thrown into jeopardy on Wednesday . A long-term back injury looks set to sideline the world No. 2 , who was forced to retire from his second-round match at the Rome Masters on the day he turned 26 . And with the Paris showpiece event set to begin on May 26 , Murray faces a race against time to prove his fitness . "  I 'd be very surprised if I was playing in Paris , " the British star , who lost in the quarterfinals in Madrid last week , told reporters following his match against Spain 's Marcel Granollers . "  I felt pain today , the same as in Madrid . I took a few days off after Madrid . I hit yesterday and played some points . But I was still sore today . " The pain in the lower left of his back has caused Murray discomfort since late 2011 and is the same injury which required a painkilling injection at last year 's French Open . "  We will have to wait and see on Paris , " he said . "  I 'll try to make a decision after the next five days or so . I need some days off for it to hopefully settle down . " Murray 's retirement came as something of a surprise after he had fought back from losing the opening set 6-3 and being down 4-1 in the second to level the match following a tiebreak . But after undergoing on-court treatment with the trainer early in the second set , Murray decided to call time on his Rome challenge . It is the first time since 2007 that Murray has retired during a contest -- that was at the Hamburg Open where he suffered a wrist injury which ruled him out of the French Open and Wimbledon . Murray , who has never won a clay-court title despite training on the surface as a young teen in Spain , reached the quarterfinals at Roland Garros last year . But the U.S. Open and Olympic champion now looks unlikely to challenge for the title in the French capital . "  The back  has not been perfect for a long period , I want it to start feeling good again , " the Scot said . "  Everyone goes into matches with niggles , but this is very frustrating . "  Some shots hurt more on clay because the movement is so exaggerated . There is not a lot of power on the ball so you have to generate power and pace yourself . "  I do n't want to go into details , but I 've got a disc problem , it changes week to week . It 's been an issue for a while , but I want to make sure it goes away . "  I do n't want to be playing with it long term , it 's not enjoyable at all . " Elsewhere , French eighth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga suffered a shock defeat by Jerzy Janowicz , going down 6-4 7-6 . The 24th-ranked Pole ripped his shirt off in delight after his best result this year , earning a clash with French ninth seed Richard Gasquet . In the women 's section , defending champion Maria Sharapova eased to a 6-2 6-2 win over Spain 's Garbine Muguruza . Former French Open winner Li Na overcame Chinese compatriot Zheng Jie 6-3 6-1 as she bounced back from her first-round defeat in Madrid , while there were also victories for Samantha Stosur , Maria Kirilenko and home favorite Roberta Vinci .	Andy Murray faces a race against time to be fit for French Open World No. 2 forced to retire with back injury at Rome Masters Murray says injury is the same as that has haunted him since late 2011 Tournament at Roland Garros gets underway on May 26
CNN  -- It 's meant to be racist , and it 's meant to be discriminatory . And the controversial "  Increase Diversity Bake Sale " hosted by the Berkeley College Republicans is still on , the club 's president said , despite "  grossly misguided comments " and threats aimed at supporters of the University of California , Berkeley , student group . During the sale , scheduled for Tuesday , baked goods will be sold to white men for $ 2 , Asian men for $ 1.50 , Latino men for $ 1 , black men for 75 cents and Native American men for 25 cents . All women will get 25 cents off those prices . The bake sale is meant to draw attention to pending legislation that would allow California universities to consider race , gender , ethnicity and national origin during the admissions process . "  We agree that the event is inherently racist , but that is the point , " BCR President Shawn Lewis wrote in response to upheaval over the bake sale . "  It is no more racist than giving an individual an advantage in college admissions based solely on their race  or  gender . " Similar events have been held at other colleges across the country , generally organized by college Republican groups . In some cases -- such as at Berkeley -- the plan sparked controversy and protests . Other times , university officials stepped in . At Bucknell University in Pennsylvania , officials shut down one of the bake sales on campus . Officials at The College of William and Mary in Virginia cut off a cookie sale , saying they were "  shocked and appalled . " The University of California , Irvine , shut down a bake sale on campus , saying it was discriminatory . A bake sale at Southern Methodist University in Texas was shut down after 45 minutes because of what officials called an "  unsafe environment , " according to local reports . Lewis said the bake sale at Berkeley was unanimously agreed upon by the club , whose leadership includes Asian and Hispanic students and whose membership represents a "  wide variety of ethnic backgrounds . " "  More than half of the voices were female , " he added . Berkeley 's student government , the Associated Students of the University of California , held an emergency Senate meeting late Sunday to discuss the issue and passed a resolution that , in part , "  condemns the use of discrimination whether it is in satire or in seriousness by any student group . " "  I completely support the idea of BCR -- or any students on campus --  having  political discussion , " ASUC President Vishalli Loomba said . "  I think student members of BCR have a full right to express their feelings , but I do n't necessarily think this tactic is constructive . I strongly encourage them to engage in this dialogue in a more constructive manner , such as a forum or a town hall meeting . ' But the bake sale is intended to be a direct , "  physical counterpoint " to an ASUC-sponsored phone bank -- also scheduled for Tuesday -- during which students will be encouraged to call Gov. Jerry Brown 's office to support the legislation , Lewis said . The ASUC has endorsed the legislation , SB 185 . Lewis said supporters of the bake sale have received threats , including people who said they will "  stop by the table only to knock it over " or "  buy a cupcake just to throw it at  us  . " "  Some of the threats online have gotten more specific , but we 're hoping that 's just emotion , " he said . While the initial feedback to the planned sale was largely in heated opposition , responses have "  plateaued " and include the support of self-described Democrats , Lewis said . Loomba , the student government president , said she is concerned about students potentially feeling ostracized due to the bake sale . "  I have heard that from numerous students who have said this makes students feel unwelcome on campus , " she said . "  For that reason alone , we should think about what events we have on campus . " Loomba described the situation as a "  campus climate issue . " "  UC Berkeley stands for a place where everyone -- regardless of race , ethnicity , gender , sexual orientation -- should feel inclusive , " she said . "  I think they should be able to express their opinion , but keep that value in mind . " As for where the bake sale proceeds will go , Lewis said the College Republicans are considering several charities . But "  because of all this controversy , we do n't want to advertise the organization , " he said . "  We do n't want to cause them problems . "	NEW : Other colleges across the country have held similar events The sale is meant to protest a bill that would allow the consideration of race and gender in admissions Berkeley 's student government is hosting a call-in to encourage support for the bill Campus Republicans ' president : "  We agree that the event is inherently racist , but that is the point "
Nouakchott , Mauritania  CNN  -- A man convicted in the 2009 murder of American teacher Christopher Leggett has been sentenced to death , the Mauritanian Information Agency announced . The criminal court in the capital , Nouakchott , made the ruling late Tuesday against Mohamed Abdallahi Ould Mohamed Salem Ould Ahmednah , the agency said . Two others convicted in the killing -- Didi Ould Bezeid and Mohamed Mahmoud Ould Khouna -- were sentenced to 12 - and 5-year prison terms , respectively , as well as 5 million ouguiya  $ 17,600  and 3 million ouguiya  $ 10,560  in fines . Leggett was shot June 23 , 2009 , in a kidnapping attempt in a poor neighborhood in the capital . Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  claimed responsibility for the murder , describing the act as "  holy jihad . " The man sentenced to death in the case was arrested a month after the shooting , police said , wearing an explosive belt and carrying a handgun . According to his hometown newspaper in Tennessee , The Cleveland Daily Banner , Leggett , 39 , had been living in Mauritania for six years , doing humanitarian work and teaching at a computer science school . In a statement to The Cleveland Daily Banner Wednesday , Leggett 's father expressed the family 's "  deep appreciation to everyone for the many expressions of love and caring that we have received since the murder of our son , husband , father and brother , Christopher Leggett 90 weeks ago . " "  We have in the past expressed on several occasions our appreciation to the government of Mauritania for their efforts in apprehending those involved in the murder of Christopher , and our confidence that they would administer appropriate justice , " the family statement said .	One man convicted in the murder receives a death sentence Leggett did humanitarian work and taught computer science Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  AQIM  claimed responsibility for the killing
CNN  -- Formula One has yet to win over the United States , but former world champion Jenson Button hopes this weekend 's race in Texas will be the start of something big . The new , purpose-built Circuit of the Americas in Austin will host the first U.S. Grand Prix since 2007 on Sunday -- the penultimate race of the season , and crucial in the drivers ' title fight between Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso . "  Racing in Austin is one of the most exciting grands prix , " Button told CNN . "  It 's a purpose-built circuit for Formula One ... it 's very important for us to make this work in the States . "  Five years ago we raced , it was n't the best race but it was on a circuit which was n't built for Formula One cars , but for IndyCar and NASCAR . "  This was built for Formula One . We 're hoping it works . Looking at the layout of the circuit and driving it in the simulator , it 's pretty cool . There are lots of corners , heavy breaking , long straights for overtaking . So I 've got a feeling it 's going to be a good weekend . " While F1 has spread around the world to new markets , it has struggled to touch the heartland of U.S. motorsport 's fanbase , which favors open-wheel racing -- generally seen as more accessible for fans and competitors alike . "  Racing here , racing in Austin , a very young , vibrant city , we 're hopefully going to get a lot of the youngsters interested in the sport , " Button said . "  Not just as spectators , but actually wanting to be involved in the sport in the future . " Button 's future in F1 is tied with McLaren for next season , but he will have a new teammate following Lewis Hamilton 's decision to join rivals Mercedes . When Button joined McLaren in 2010 as a newly-crowned world champion , it was hoped he could form an all-British dream partnership with his compatriot . But after three seasons as teammates neither driver has managed to win the title , and a Twitter row erupted in the aftermath of 2008 champion Hamilton 's announcement he will move to the German outfit in 2013 . Hamilton will end a career-long association with McLaren after the season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix next weekend , but Button insists the pair still enjoy an amicable professional relationship . "  We have a very good working relationship , " Button said . "  We 're competitive , as we should be -- you want to beat everyone and that includes your teammate . "  He 's extremely fast , he 's an extremely talented driver so it makes my life difficult . But I like that , I like that challenge . When we 're working together , we share every bit of information , as we should . " Hamilton , who sits fifth in the drivers ' standings 12 points and one place above Button , accused his colleague of "  unfollowing " him -- unsubscribing to his tweets -- on Twitter after October 's Japanese Grand Prix . "  Just noticed @jensonbutton unfollowed , thats a shame . After 3 years as teammates , I thought we respected one another but clearly he does n't , " Hamilton said via his official Twitter account , which has over one million followers . However , Hamilton , who made his F1 debut with McLaren in 2007 , later apologized for the outburst , tweeting : "  My bad , just found out Jenson never followed me . Do n't blame him ! Need to be on Twitter more ! " Button 's new teammate will be young Mexican Sergio Perez , who has made his name in an impressive second season at Sauber . "  He 's obviously an exciting talent , " added Button . "  He 's willing to learn , he seems intelligent , those are the three ingredients you need as a racing driver . "  He 's only 22 , which is quite scary . He 's 10 years younger than me which makes me feel very old ! I 'm looking forward to the partnership . It 's a fresh start and it 's exciting . " Button has won two races this season , in Australia and Belgium , and finished on the podium another three times . However , last season 's runner-up has been frustrated by his inability to challenge both Red Bull 's current leader and two-time defending champion Vettel , and Ferrari 's Alonso -- who , like the German , is seeking a third world title . "  It 's been a tough year , " Button said . "  You 've got to love the wins . The two wins for me were pretty special , but I 've also had some pretty bad races . "  I sorted those issues out , but I 'd lost so much ground by then it 's difficult to fight for the championship . The last few races have been fun , I 've really enjoyed it . "  There 's been a massive amount of competition between the top four or five teams so the sport 's in a great place . It is the best the sport has been for many years , so it 's the best time to come back to America and see if it works . "  The racing is great , we 've got a lot of top drivers , a lot of top teams , great partners and sponsors involved -- it should work . "	Jenson Button is looking forward to the first F1 grand prix in the United States since 2007 Former world champion tells CNN the race is important for F1 's future development Button says he has good relationship with departing teammate Lewis Hamilton Hamilton criticized his fellow Englishman on Twitter earlier this year
CNN  -- For months , the rebels fighting to oust Syrian President Bashar al-Assad were considered by the global community to be unorganized . But that appears to be changing , after the leaders of various fighting units agreed to move forward in lockstep with a uniform military plan . And now France and the United Kingdom are giving help to those rebels and their unified opposition organization . Though the United States has not made any kind of statement , France 's and the United Kingdom 's declarations of support could mark major progress toward international intervention and , perhaps in turn , an end to the fighting that has killed more than 37,000 people since March 2011 . The Assad family has controlled Syria for four decades . Rebels blame the country 's current leader and his forces for killing scores of innocent people , including entire families . Al-Assad blames the violence on "  terrorists . " On Tuesday , for example , government-controlled SANA news agency reported that "  terrorists " shelled a publishing outlet in Damascus . British Foreign Secretary William Hague told members of parliament Tuesday that the National Coalition of the Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces was the "  sole legitimate representative " of the Syrian people , calling it a "  credible " alternative to al-Assad . Hague said he 'd still like to work through diplomatic channels to end the bloodshed in Syria , but that the United Kingdom will remain open to other options . Hague said the Syrian opposition would be asked to appoint a political representative to the United Kingdom , and Britain will also help the rebel coalition with political and humanitarian challenges . French President FranÃ § ois Hollande announced last week that it would support the new coalition and would even consider arming the opposition to hasten the end of the war . Hollande met with the newly elected leader of the coalition , Ahmed Moaz al-Khatib , in Paris Saturday . Al-Khatib is a former cleric of the historic Umayyad Mosque in Damascus and is a respected figure in Syria . At a meeting in Brussels Monday , European Commission High Representative Catherine Ashton said the body "  welcomed the agreement to create the new opposition coalition . " Ashton said she met with al-Khatib in Cairo , Egypt , last week . "  We called for a long time for the opposition to unite , " Ashton said . "  We consider the coalition legitimate representatives of the aspirations of the Syrian people . " But she conveyed cautious optimism . "  It 's important that the coalition works for full inclusiveness , human rights and democracy , engaging with all opposition groups and with civil society , " Ashton explained . Winter is approaching and the need to help people who are displaced or do not have heat in their bombarded neighborhoods is a serious concern , she said . So far Tuesday , at least 122 people , including two children and two women , were killed across the country , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . And just as the West backed the coalition , Iran urged the opposition to talk rather than continue to fight . Iran 's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei blasted certain foreign countries for equipping "  terrorists " in Syria and said the only way to settle the crisis is to prevent the shipment of arms to the rebels , the Iranian government-controlled FARS news agency reported . Khamenei said that the "  arrogant powers want to weaken and annihilate Syria as main ring in the chain of resistance through arming terrorists in the country , " FARS reported . "  But they will fail in their attempt . " His remarks came after Iran hosted a meeting between the Syrian government and opposition forces in Tehran Sunday with representatives of different opposition and political groups . Addressing the participants , Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi described the discussion as "  an important step " toward peace in Syria , and said Iran strongly supports any move which can lead to the restoration of peace and stability in the Muslim country . Salehi said the meeting was intended to also revive Syria 's anti-Israeli position in the region .	Britain 's foreign secretary voices support for anti-Assad coalition France also supports rebels who recently unified Iran 's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei blasts certain foreign countries for equipping terrorists
CNN  -- The next time you 're sweating and complaining that this summer is just too hot , consider this fun fact in weather world history : Exactly 100 years ago this week , Death Valley National Park set the hottest temperature ever recorded in the world -- 134 degrees Fahrenheit . At least 140 people showed up to celebrate the anniversary and listen to weather experts discuss the record at Furnace Creek Visitor Center and Museum in the expanse of eastern California desert . "  I was really happy looking out in that auditorium as we spoke . There were a lot of weather tourists who are very interested in this , " said Randy Cerveny , professor of geographical sciences at Arizona State University . He 's with the World Meteorological Organization that made the determination that 134 was the world record . Temperatures in Death Valley normally reach or exceed 100 degrees Fahrenheit from mid-May until early October , according to the National Weather Service . Yet tourists still visit the area during this time , and there 's even one of the hardest foot races in the world staged there every summer called the Badwater Ultramarathon . When CNN spoke with Cerveny Wednesday night around 10:40 p.m. ET , the National Weather Service said that the temps would hover between 94 and 97 at Furnace Creek . While Death Valley 's July 10 , 1913 , recorded temperature now is considered the hottest ever , on September 13 , 1922 , a temperature reading of 136 degrees was recorded in El Azizia , Libya . Though the Libya recording had been certified by the World Meteorological Organization as the hottest air temperature ever recorded , evidence about Libya 's record later suggested that it was invalid . Cerveny said that a member of the WMO had managed to obtain handwritten records that indicated there might have been a wrong recording taken . An investigating committee including experts from Libya , Italy , Spain , Egypt , France , Morocco , Argentina , the United States and the United Kingdom looked into the matter between 2010 and 2011 and decided that El Azizia 's recording was flawed for possibly several reasons , including problematic instrumentation and probably an inexperienced observer , according to Cerveny and the World Meteorological Organization . On September 12 , 2012 , the WMO officially recertified the 134 reading at Death Valley as the all-time highest air temperature taken on the planet . Though 134 degrees may seem incomprehensible , the U.S. southwest has been grappling in recent days with scorching temperatures . Nevada , California and Arizona were choked by extreme heat through the July Fourth holiday . The Southwest heat wave made June the hottest month on record for Las Vegas , Death Valley , and Needles , California , the National Weather Service said . Could Death Valley break its own record , CNN asked Cerveny . "  Oh , yes , we 've been seeing so many records broken lately , " he said , "  and if that one is broken ... I would n't be surprised at all . " CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	On July 10 , 1913 , Death Valley recorded the hottest known temperature -- 134 degrees It was thought for years that Libya held the record , but experts decided that recording was flawed At least 140 people gathered Wednesday in Death Valley to celebrate the record-setting day
Washington  CNN  -- Comedian Bill Cosby received an honorary rank from the Navy Thursday , and he had a Washington audience laughing with stories from his four years in the service . Cosby has been entertaining millions of people since the 1960s . Cosby , whose success as a stand-up comic and actor has influenced many over the past four decades , is perhaps best known for his role as Dr. Heathcliff Huxtable on the 1980s sitcom "  The Cosby Show . " But he did n't always enjoy such success , and he said the U.S. Navy gave him what he needed , when he needed it most . "  I was n't a bad boy , I was just sort of left to wander around , " Cosby , who as a young man served as a hospital corpsman , told a Navy-packed auditorium . The iconic comic was in town to be recognized as an honorary chief petty officer in the U.S. Navy . "  I want to welcome you to the ranks of the people that run the Navy , people that make the ships sail on time , the aircraft fly , the hospitals work , " said Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus , who received the same honor last year . "  Bill Cosby has earned this . " Cosby joined the Navy in 1956 and after graduating from boot camp , went on to become a Navy hospital corpsman . He told the crowd joining the Navy seemed like the best place for him "  to die . " "  I do n't want to join the Army because I 'll die in a foxhole in dirt ... I do n't want to be in the Marine Corp because you die before you get out of there , " Cosby told the laughing crowd filled with Navy personnel . The biggest laugh came when Cosby explained why he joined the Navy . "  I want to be in the Navy , because no matter how you die , you 're in the middle of the ocean and it will wash out your underpants and that will make my mother very happy . " Just before Cosby thrilled the crowd with his famous story-telling delivery , he was presented with a Navy uniform , which he put on , and set of Navy anchor pins that were pinned on by Mabus and the most senior enlisted member of the branch , Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy Rick West . Cosby , who was honorably discharged from the Navy in 1960 , said the one of the greatest moments in his life was graduating from Navy boot camp . The comedian , known for his clean acts that do not include profanity , struggled at boot camp , saying the vulgar language and yelling were n't for him . It got so bad , he said , that he even wrote his mother a letter asking if she could get him out of camp . Cosby said he was called to the commander 's office and told that his mother had written back . "  My mother asked the company commander to please continue to do these things , " Cosby said , sporting his new Navy uniform . The 73-year-old star recalled that finishing Navy boot camp was the first time his mother saw him graduate from anything . Cosby did n't graduate from high school but later received a high school equivalency . After the Navy , Cosby went on to attend Temple University and he earned a master 's degree and a doctorate in education at the University of Massachusetts . Cosby served on the USS Fort Mandan , a Navy support ship that was based at facilities including the Naval Hospital in Bethesda , Maryland , where he helped in rehabilitation of wounded Korean War veterans . Cosby said he earned $ 42 every two weeks in the Navy but the lessons he learned were priceless . "  I was eating for free and , as they say ,  having  a place to lay your head was wonderful , lights out , lights on , " Cosby said , telling his laughing audience that he learned discipline in the Navy , among other things . "  Urinate in one urinal and continue to do so in that same one -- discipline , " he joked . He then took a swipe at those who have never served . "  I have to tell you I have a problem with civilians ... I still know a deck is better buffed by someone in the service , and cheaper . " The Navy crowd laughed again .	Comedian Bill Cosby gets an honorary rank in the Navy Cosby joined the Navy in 1956 , without a high school diploma Cosby credits his service in the Navy with giving him what he needed He says finishing boot camp was the first time his mother saw him graduate from anything
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to tackle another election-year blockbuster and will decide whether the University of Texas ' race-conscious admission policies violate the rights of white applicants . If health care reform , illegal immigration crackdowns , voting rights and TV indecency were not enough , the court is poised to add to its high-profile docket , wading into the divisive issue of state-mandated racial diversity and affirmative action . Oral arguments would be held this fall , ensuring the court -- however it decides the appeal -- will be a major campaign issue . A ruling , however , will not likely be issued until early 2013 . Abigail Noel Fisher individually sued the flagship state university after her college application was rejected in 2008 when she was a high school senior in Sugar Land , Texas . The school defends its policy of considering race as one of many factors -- such as test scores , community service , leadership and work experience -- designed to create a diverse campus . The high court has had an evolving record on the discretion of state officials to decide who attends their institutions . The justices in 2003 said state universities can narrowly tailor their admissions policies to consider an applicant 's race . That landmark case from the University of Michigan is the subject of current but separate appeals over a state ballot measure designed to eliminate any racial criteria . A divided federal appeals court in July concluded the voter-approved ban on "  preferential treatment " at public colleges and universities was unconstitutional , and "  alters Michigan 's political structure by impermissibly burdening racial minorities . " The Texas case is complicated over the issue of "  standing " and whether Fisher should even be allowed to bring her lawsuit . She graduates this spring from Louisiana State University , where she went after being rejected by the University of Texas -- and Texas officials had argued she would then have no live controversy or claim necessary for the high court to intervene . They said her only "  harm " would be trying to recoup nonrefundable application fees . In accepting the case , the high court made no mention of whether the standing issue would affect its ultimate ruling . The court also announced Justice Elena Kagan will not participate in the case since she apparently had been briefed on the issue as the Obama administration 's solicitor general before joining the high court . That leaves the possibility of a 4-4 ruling , meaning Fisher would not prevail and leaving undecided the larger constitutional questions presented . Fisher 's attorneys made the strategic decision to sue as an individual instead of bringing a class-action discrimination claim , which would have made it easier in some respects . Groups opposed to the state 's policies applauded the court 's decision to get involved . "  Using race in admissions decisions , to achieve diversity , amounts to stereotyping people by their race , " said Joshua Thompson of the conservative Pacific Legal Foundation , which filed a legal brief in support of Fisher . "  Racial diversity in a student body does not guarantee a diversity of experience and perspectives . It is unrealistic and wrong to try to pigeonhole people by their race . " In a statement issued after the high court agreed to hear the case , the University of Texas defended its admissions process , saying "  it is vital for the university to weigh a multitude of factors when making admissions decisions about the balance of students who will make up each entering class . " "  We must have the flexibility to consider each applicant 's unique experiences and background so we can provide the best environment in which to educate and train the students who will be our nation 's future leaders , " the statement said . At the time , the state of Texas provided automatic admission to its flagship university for in-state students finishing in the top 10 % of their high schools . Fisher just missed that opportunity , so had to compete in the larger pool of students seeking admission to the highly competitive school . The state has since narrowed that admissions window to the top 8 % . The Michigan case was divisive in 2003 , with Justice Sandra Day O'Connor the swing vote . "  In order to cultivate a set of leaders with legitimacy in the eyes of the citizenry , it is necessary that the path to leadership be visibly open to talented and qualified individuals of every race and ethnicity , " O'Connor said . "  The  Michigan  Law School 's educational judgment that such diversity is essential to its educational mission is one to which we defer . " But Justice Clarence Thomas was among four conservative justices who found the policies unconstitutional . "  The Law School , of its own choosing , and for its own purposes , maintains an exclusionary admissions system that it knows produces racially disproportionate results . Racial discrimination is not a permissible solution to the self-inflicted wounds of this elitist admissions policy . " Despite that high court ruling , some states , including California , do not allow race considerations in college admissions . The issue now before an arguably more conservative high court is whether the Texas policies should be re-evaluated , as states have had nearly a decade to put such diversity considerations into place . It also gives greater intensity to the Supreme Court overall in an election year . The justices next month will take on a challenge to the health care reform law championed by President Barack Obama , perhaps the biggest issue the court has tackled since the dispute over the 2000 presidential election . In April , Arizona 's controversial illegal immigration law will be argued . Legal analysts say the justices will publicly avoid the politics of these hot-button issues , and focus on the law , but many said they wonder what long-term effect these cases will have on the judiciary 's reputation . "  We 're in a little bit of a political death spiral for the Supreme Court , as ideologues in politics , on the left and right , attack justices with whom they disagree , maybe decreasing the public 's confidence in the Supreme Court , " said Thomas Goldstein , a Washington lawyer and publisher of SCOTUSblog.com . "  And as they take up health care , affirmative action , abortion -- cases  that  inevitably are going to be coming , immigration -- all of those issues -- there are going to be more excuses to attack the justices , which is unfair and sad , but we do n't yet see a way out . "	University of Texas defends its admissions policy Arguments before Supreme Court will be held in the fall The case will be one of several controversial matters the court is hearing The University of Texas says race is one of several factors considered for admission
Jinan , China  CNN  -- The trial of disgraced Chinese Communist Party high-flyer Bo Xilai concluded Monday with a dramatic final flourish as he accused the former police chief who brought about his downfall of having a crush on his wife . Bo 's politically sensitive corruption trial has brought forth a plethora of rich , eye-opening details about the apparently lavish and emotionally fraught life of his family and inner circle , giving Chinese people insights into how some of the ruling elite live . But at the same time , doubts have arisen about the completeness of the account of court proceedings provided by Chinese authorities . Still , over the past five days , the court has heard allegations of adultery , a punch to the head , squabbles over a villa on the French Riviera and attempts to cover up the murder of a British businessman . Was Bo 's trial truly transparent ? As the trial wrapped up Monday , the prosecution called for Bo to be strictly punished over the charges of bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power . The court in the eastern city of Jinan said the verdict would be announced at a later date . Bo , a charismatic and divisive leader when he was in power , has kept up a steady attack on the case against him throughout the hearings . In comments Monday published by the court , Bo complained that "  not even the worst TV script writers could come up with such plots " as some of the bribery accusations . But he then proceeded to describe a storyline worthy of a soap opera , suggesting a romantic link between two figures who played central roles in the drama that ended his political career . The people in question are Wang Lijun , Bo 's former police chief in the southwestern metropolis of Chongqing , whose failed attempt to defect to the United States in February 2012 precipitated the crisis that shook the Communist Party to its foundations ; and Gu Kailai , Bo 's wife , who is now in prison after a court convicted her last year of murdering Neil Heywood , a British businessman and associate of the Bo family . Prosecutors accuse Bo of threatening and improperly firing Wang after learning of Gu 's suspected involvement in Heywood 's murder . Five things not to have missed A punch or a slap ? Wang , who is now serving a 15-year prison sentence for multiple offenses , said in testimony over the weekend that upon learning of the suspicions , Bo punched him in the head , bloodying his mouth and causing a "  discharge " from his ear . Wang told prosecutors that Bo 's physical violence against him , as well as the disappearance of his aides and investigators , led to his decision to seek refuge in the U.S. diplomatic mission in Chengdu . Bo denies punching Wang , claiming it was just a slap . And over the weekend , he questioned Wang 's reliability , saying "  this man has extremely bad character and lies on the spot . " In his statement Monday , Bo offered a new explanation for Wang 's attempted defection . "  The true reason of Wang Lijun 's flight was because he had a crush on Gu Kailai and he could n't get over it , " Bo said , alleging that Wang had confessed his feelings to Gu and "  slapped himself eight times . " In written and video testimony shown in court last week , Gu linked Bo to some of the crimes the prosecution alleges . Bo responded by suggesting that as she 'd already been convicted , she lacked credibility and was seeking a more lenient sentence . The allegation of Wang 's feelings for Gu added a fresh layer of intrigue to the case , which has drawn widespread interest on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like microblog service . The court 's official Weibo account , which provided updates on developments inside the courtroom , now has more than half a million followers . How and why Chinese politician veered off script Doubts about the court 's reporting But with journalists from the international news media denied access to the courtroom , the comprehensiveness of the court 's version of events is in question . The official microblog reported only selected parts of what transpired during the trial , two individuals with detailed knowledge of the court proceedings told CNN . The microblog leaves out some parts that may put Bo in a good light , they said . Some of Bo 's courtroom comments expunged from the official account include his detailing of threats made against him and his family by investigators , the sources told CNN . During his incarceration , according to those sources , Bo said investigators warned him of the possibility of his wife 's execution and his son 's arrest , and told him about the cases of other prominent officials -- one of whom confessed and was spared and another who did not cooperate and was executed . Bo spoke for almost half an hour on Monday , much longer than what the court transcripts show , according to the sources . They said after Bo delivered his closing remarks , five family members in court stood up , clapping and saying : "  Well said , Xilai ! We will always be with you . " Despite the restrictions on the flow of information , Chinese state-run media have highlighted the microblog disclosures as a new level of transparency . "  They see this as an opportunity to present China as a country where rule of law is developing and where the judicial system is becoming more mature , " said political commentator and columnist Frank Ching . "  But at the same time , they want to have some control . " Timeline : Bo Xilai scandal ' A good legal mind ' Based on the information that the court has divulged , Bo has come across as a combative defendant , denying allegations against him and attacking the credibility of prosecution witnesses . "  I think he has performed very well in court , " Ching said . "  He seems to have a good legal mind and has been able to argue his own case very well . " But despite his assertive performance , many observers still expect him to be convicted in a legal system where the Communist Party controls police , prosecution and courts . Bo appeared to acknowledge his likely fate during his final statement Monday . "  There are times when I felt weak , because I know I 'm doomed and there 's no escape for me , " he said . "  Ending up in prison , I have mixed feelings toward the rest of my life . " Trial by social media The rise of a princeling Bo is a princeling , a term that refers to the children of revolutionary veterans who boast of political connections and influence . His late father , Bo Yibo , was a revolutionary contemporary of Chairman Mao Zedong and the late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping . Over the past three decades , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policy-making body of the Communist Party . With the help of Wang , he was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing . Bo 's populist policies drew admirers and detractors , but he ultimately ran afoul of party power brokers . Long underwear from the 1960s His high profile and connections among the nation 's ruling elite have made his case an extremely delicate matter for Chinese authorities . The court hearings have included plentiful details about the jet-set lifestyle led by Bo 's wife and youngest son , which prosecutors allege was funded by rich businessmen to secure influence from Bo . The favors mentioned include a villa in the South of France , and trips to destinations around the globe for the son , Bo Guagua , who is now living in the United States . Bo Xilai has denied he knew details about where the money was coming from . And on Monday , he sought to play up his Spartan credentials . "  I have no interest in clothing , " he said . "  My thermal long underpants were bought by my mother in the 1960s . " Nonetheless , the portrait that has emerged of Bo , his family and their former position near the top of the Chinese system has proved revealing . "  Since the founding of the Communist Party and the People 's Republic , this has been the only time that connections among the party , government , judiciary , politicians ' private lives , as well as power and interests , are explained in such a clear , public and entertaining way , " the dissident Chinese artist Ai Weiwei wrote on his Twitter account . CNN 's Steven Jiang reported from Jinan , Jaime Florcruz reported from from Beijing , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's David McKenzie in Jinan contributed to this report .	The trial concludes after five days of hearings in the eastern city of Jinan Bo accuses his former police chief of having a crush on his wife Two sources say the court has n't disclosed the full proceedings Some key parts that may put Bo in a good light have been left out , they say
CNN  -- An employee at a New Jersey chocolate processing plant died Wednesday after falling into a vat of hot chocolate , according to a spokesman for the Camden County Prosecutor 's office . Vincent Smith II , 29 , was dumping raw chocolate into the vat for melting when he fell in from a nine-foot high platform . He suffered a fatal blow to the head from the vat 's agitator , a paddle-like mechanism used for stirring the chocolate . According to the Camden County prosecutor 's office , three other people were on the platform at the time . One was able to shut the machinery off quickly , but it was too late to save Smith . The facility , owned by Cocoa Services Inc. , is managed and operated by by Lyons and Sons . The rectangular vat , which was 8 feet deep , 14 feet long and 6 feet wide , was churning a batch of chocolate for Hershey 's when the accident occurred , the prosecutor 's office said . CNN 's Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	Worker was dumping chocolate into the vat when he fell from a 9-foot high platform The vat was churning a batch of chocolate when the accident occurred Vincent Smith II suffered a fatal blow to the head from the vat 's agitator
Singapore  CNN  -- As part of a "  rebalancing " with Asia , the United States will enhance military-to-military cooperation with China while also boosting the capabilities of its allies in the region , U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Saturday . Panetta detailed the new defense strategy to a gathering of Asia 's military leaders , saying the majority of U.S. warships would move to Asia . "  By 2020 the Navy will reposture its forces from today 's roughly 50-50 split from the Pacific and Atlantic to a 60-40 split in those oceans , " Panetta said . "  We will also invest -- invest in cyber , invest in space , invest in unmanned systems , invest in special forces operations , " he said . "  We will invest in the newest technologies . And we will invest in new technology to mobilize quickly , if necessary , " Panetta said . Along with enhanced military cooperation , Panetta emphasized diplomacy and a "  rules-based order " that includes "  open and free commerce , and open access by all to their shared domains of sea and air " -- a current point of friction in the South China Sea between China and regional nations . Panetta called for disputes to be resolved without coercion or the use of force . North Korea proclaims itself a nuclear state in new constitution The defense secretary was kicking off his eight-day trip to Asia , geared toward explaining the U.S. strategy . The so-called U.S. 'til t ' to Asia includes beefing up the strength of its regional allies such as the Philippines and Vietnam . "  We will play an essential role in promoting strong partnerships that strengthen the capabilities of the Pacific nations to defend and secure themselves , " Panetta said . Asked if helping the militaries of regional allies would raise the potential for conflict , Panetta said , "  I do n't think we should take the attitude that just because we improve their capabilities that we are asking for more trouble . " Panetta said the United States should "  do everything we can " to help those countries defend themselves , but at the same time , the U.S. would "  encourage them ... to abide by an international set of rules and standards and order . " Why the Chinese are flocking to U.S. colleges The increased regional involvement by the United States has raised concerns about tensions with China and suggestions it represents a threat to China . "  I reject that view entirely , " Panetta said , calling the U.S. shift "  fully compatible with the development and growth of China . Indeed , increased U.S. involvement in this region will benefit China . " Panetta said the United States will work to improve communication with China with an aim to "  build trust " between the two nations . Looming over the discussions in Singapore is the conflict between China and various regional nations -- such as the Philippines , Vietnam , Brunei , Malaysia and Taiwan -- over the South China Sea . Chen Guangcheng discusses his next moves The South China Sea , nicknamed "  the second Persian Gulf " because of its potential for massive oil and gas reserves , is also a key passageway for the world 's oil and is home to enormously valuable fisheries . A crisis in the area has the potential for major economic damage to the United States as well . As one of the busiest sea lanes in the world , disputes in the South China Sea could have a major impact on shipping by forcing costly rerouting . According to estimates by the Center for Strategic and International Studies , $ 5.3 trillion of trade passes each year through the South China Sea ; U.S. trade accounts for $ 1.2 trillion . Former Japanese leader : ' I felt fear ' during nuclear crisis There have been several disputes recently , with concern that such incidents could spark military action . Speaking to the gathering by the International Institute of Strategic Studies  Asia  , which included defense ministers and top military officials from 27 countries , Panetta said the U.S. supports the Association of Southeast Asian Nations '  ASEAN 's  development of a binding code of conduct for the South China Sea area . On the other side of the U.S.-Asia strategy is an emphasis on building the U.S.-China relationship . "  The key here is to try to strengthen mil-to-mil so that we can have greater transparencies ... and to take steps to confront mutual challenges , " Panetta said . He said the United States was "  clear eyed " about its relationship with China . "  We 're not naive about the relationship , and neither is China . ... But we also both understand that there really is no other alternative but for both of us to engage . " "  We have also agreed on the need to address responsible behavior in cyberspace and in outer space , " Panetta added . Panetta said he plans to visit China sometime this summer . The U.S. decision to play a larger role in Asia comes against the backdrop of rising military spending in that region while the U.S. trims its own military in the face of massive deficits . Defense spending in Asia has been projected to surpass Europe 's this year . "  There is no doubt that it will continue to increase in the future , " Panetta said . To offset U.S. budget realities , the United States will "  sharpen the technological edge of our forces , " Panetta said . He said the U.S. military "  will be smaller , and it will be leaner , but it will be agile and flexible and quickly deployable and will employ cutting edge technology in the future . " Panetta detailed how the United States will spend its money with "  investments " in rapid deployment technology and in capabilities that will help the U.S. deal with the realities of long distances in the Pacific such as "  new aerial refueling tankers , a new bomber , an advanced maritime patrol and anti-submarine warfare aircraft . " Under required budget cuts by Congress , the Department of Defense must reduce the planned budget by nearly half a trillion dollars over the next decade . Despite financial constraints , Panetta said , there is a "  detailed blueprint " for meeting regional goals and its fiscal responsibilities . "  Make no mistake -- in a steady , deliberate and sustainable way , the United States military is rebalancing and is bringing an enhanced capability ... to this vital region , " he said . Also present at the conference , U.S. Republican Sen. John McCain said U.S. budget cuts will affect the outlined Asia strategy . "  At some point , and I think we are at that point , we will not be able to carry out the commitments , " McCain told reporters . He said money for additional ships could be found by spending less on the redeployment of U.S. marines out of Okinawa , Japan , and by getting the "  cost , waste and mismanagement " of weapons systems in the Pentagon under control .	Panetta : By 2020 , about 60 % of the U.S. Navy 's warships will be in the Pacific Ocean The so-called U.S. 'til t ' to Asia includes beefing up the capabilities of regional allies South China Sea is a point of friction among Asian countries ; a crisis there could affect the U.S. Panetta is on an eight-day trip to Asia , geared toward explaining the U.S. strategy
Australia  CNN  -- Major royal tours like the one the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge embarked on this month act as milestones in a royal career . The images that come out of them will be used in perpetuity to illustrate an ongoing history of monarchy . In New Zealand and Australia there have been dozens pictures that made great magazine spreads but I have chosen three that I think say something more . The royal ` crawl-about ' On the face of things , this was just a play date at Government House in Wellington , New Zealand , but it had been organized for a future king and was the starting gun for a lifetime of official engagements for Prince George . I chose a picture from the end of the event because it 's also an intimate portrait of a close-knit family unit with hands-on parents who people can relate to . Every parent has had one of these moments and it 's what makes parenthood worth it . Uluru sunset The Duchess has never been to Australia before and what stronger message could there be to say she has arrived ? It 's a rite of passage for tourists to have a picture taken at Uluru at sunset . But this image is also loaded with family history . Prince Charles and Diana posed in the same spot on their first foreign tour as a family . The interesting thing here is that Kate and William 's picture did n't work . The shoot was rushed and the couple looked awkward . You can even see the shadows of photographers at their feet . This picture places Kate in a country where she will be Queen but it also speaks to the media pressure the couple are under and trying to juggle . Future head of state Prince William knows he has n't been the headline act of this tour , with the spotlight firmly fixed on his wife and son . But look closely and there 's been an interesting shift in his public appearances . There were the usual fun moments , typified by sporting challenges with his wife and intimate moments with his son , but there 's also a creeping formality to his engagements . This was most obvious for me when he sat down with the Australian Prime Minister , Tony Abbott , in Sydney . It was a kingly side that I ca n't remember seeing in him before -- Prince William is a future head of state . During this tour we got to know a new generation of royalty  George  but we also saw an existing one  William and Kate  mature . They are doing it in their own way by focusing on events that reflect their personal interests  conservation , the military , sport , young people and hospices  and they 've done so to rapturous praise in the Australian media and amongst the political leadership . If they have n't killed off the republican debate , they 've at least put it on the back burner . They 've also added a chapter to their official biography .	The royal tour images will be used to illustrate an ongoing history of monarchy , writes CNN 's Max Foster The shoot at Uluru was rushed and the couple looked awkward , he says Prince William showed for the first time a kingly side , reports Foster The tour brought rapturous praise from the Australian media and political leadership , he says
CNN  -- Declaring that "  Equality is the prime rib of America , " pop star Lady Gaga urged Maine 's two U.S. senators to help break a Republican filibuster on legislation that includes a repeal of the military 's ban on openly homosexual service members . "  My name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta . I am an American citizen , " the singer told a Portland , Maine , rally organized by the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network . She urged Sens. Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe , both Republicans , to support the repeal of the Pentagon 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " rule and share "  the greatest cut of meat that my country has to offer " with gays and lesbians in the military . "  Should n't everyone deserve the right to wear the same meat dress that I do ? " asked the singer , who caught flak for showing up at MTV 's Video Music Awards in a dress made of raw meat . "  Repeal ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' or go home . " The 24-year-old singer also drew cheers by proposing a new law , titled , "  If you do n't like it , go home , " which would remove homophobic straight soldiers from the military instead of gay soldiers . "  If you are not honorable enough to fight without prejudice , go home , " she shouted . Opponents of the 1993 ban have urged Snowe and Collins , both of whom oppose the policy , to join Democrats and help shut down a Republican-led filibuster of a defense authorization bill that would repeal the restriction . Democrats are unlikely to muster the 60-vote supermajority needed to get the bill to the Senate floor without their support . But in statements issued Monday , both senators indicated they would vote with GOP leaders and block the measure . A key procedural vote is set for Tuesday afternoon . In addition to speaking at Monday 's rally , Gaga has used her online presence to rally her fans -- nicknamed "  Little Monsters " -- in support of repeal . "  All hands on deck Lil Monsters : Key Senate vote this Tues. on #DADT repeal . We need 60 senators . Call your senator now , " she tweeted on Thursday . She goes into more detail on her website , offering talking points for fans who make the call and urging them to voice their opposition to a filibuster or any amendments that would keep the ban in effect .	"  Equality is the prime rib of America , " Lady Gaga tells Maine rally Singer opposes U.S. military 's ban on homosexuals serving openly Maine 's senators appear ready to join GOP filibuster
New York  CNN  -- A 19th-century artwork by French artist Edgar Degas will be returned to France nearly four decades after it was stolen , officials said Thursday . The painting , "  Blanchisseuses souffrant des dent "  "  Laundry Women with Toothache , "  was taken in 1973 from the Malraux Museum in Le Havre , in Normandy , France , according to a statement from the US District Attorney in Eastern New York . It had been on loan from the French government , which considers the painting a national treasure . The piece did not resurface until October this year when it appeared in a catalog from the auction house Sotheby 's , it said . U.S. customs officials , working with authorities from INTERPOL , said the painting was consigned to French art collector Ronald Grelsamer . Grelsamer said his father gave him the painting as a gift , but was unaware that it was stolen , the statement said . Sotheby 's said they had nothing indicating that the painting was stolen , saying it did not appear in any of its lost art databases , said company spokeswoman Diana Phillips . The auction house had a longstanding relationship with Grelsamer without incident , she added . "  Sotheby 's is happy to have been able to be involved in this discovery , and we are pleased that this painting will be returned to the government of France , " Phillips said . The U.S. District Attorney office says that Greslamer intends to seek compensation for the painting . "  The return of this masterpiece to the French government reflects our commitment to ensure the return of stolen artwork and cultural patrimony , " it said in a written statement . The 6.25-inch-by-8 .5 - inch piece -- painted between 1870 and 1872 -- has an estimated value of $ 350,000 to $ 450,000 , the statement said , quoting the company catalogue . The painting reflects a break from the academic focus of Degas ' early years when he dedicated himself to the "  search for the essence of modern life , " said Sotheby 's spokeswoman Lauren Gioai . "  The 1870s gave rise to some of Degas most celebrated works , " she said .	19th-century painting will be returned to France almost four decades after it was stolen "  Blanchisseuses souffrant des dent " was taken in 1973 from the Malraux Museum The painting did not resurface until October when it surfaced on Sotheby 's catalo
Miami  CNN  Despite the glitz and glamour Miami is known for , the odds for some children growing up there are bleak . Almost one of every three Miami-Dade County residents living in poverty is under 18 , according to the Department of Regulatory and Economic Resources . Many schools face high dropout rates , after-school programs are being eliminated and students are failing . Those at-risk children are ones that Chad Bernstein is trying to help through his nonprofit , Guitars Over Guns . "  Music is the most important tool we have in reaching these kids , " said Bernstein , 30 , a professional musician . His program operates in two of Miami 's poorest communities , North Miami and Allapattah . It pairs middle-school students with professional musicians , providing free instrument instruction and mentorship . Since 2008 , Bernstein 's organization has worked with more than 225 students in Miami-Dade County . He says his group has seen more than a 90 % increase in academic performance and school attendance of students in the program . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for CNN Heroes 2015 Bernstein has been hooked on playing gigs since he was 16 . He 's gone on to play and record with such musical greats as Shakira , Pharrell , Jennifer Hudson and Pitbull . See more CNN Heroes I sat down with Bernstein to learn more about the motivation behind his work . Below is an edited version of our conversation . Marissa Calhoun : You 're a pretty cool guy -- some might be surprised to hear that you were once bullied . What did you experience and how did you overcome it ? Chad Bernstein : When I was a kid , I had ears that stuck out the side of my head and really big green glasses . And I was tall and lanky and definitely looked a little different than other kids . I think part of the thing that really stuck with me was this feeling of wanting to belong to something , because I just did n't feel like I fit in with the other kids . When I started playing music it really gave me a sense of identity , something that I belonged to , something that I was good at , something that people would watch me do and say , "  Oh wow , that 's really cool or he 's really good at that . " I think in that way music really gave me an anchor in my social experience . Calhoun : What can students expect when they join your program ? Bernstein : As a new GOGO student you 'll get to try out all the instruments . You 'll choose an instrument to learn . You 'll be paired with a mentor . And then you 'll go throughout that year learning how to play the instrument and music fundamentals and songwriting . And by the end of the year , you 'll be performing on stage , recording in a studio and will have a very close relationship with that mentor . Our mentors are amazing musicians that are active in the community playing and performing . And some of these mentors are actually from the neighborhoods and the schools that these kids are at currently . We 're not policemen . We 're not teachers . We 're not parents . We 're in a unique position to really talk to these kids about the issues that matter most to them . Calhoun : Why do you focus on middle schoolers ? Bernstein : It 's the time of their life to reach them not only musically , but also as young individuals that are starting to form opinions about who they are and what their world is going to look like . As professional musicians , most of us know what kind of power music has in terms of dealing with the things that are going on in your life . And the reasons that we target the neighborhoods that we have the program in are because these kids are facing the most challenges with being successful in and out of school . A lot of times , these kids only see to the end of their block and back . We like to bring them to studios and also to other places in Miami because we want them to experience something outside of their own neighborhood . We also provide them with opportunities to get tutoring and have social services , making sure that they 're really successful in and outside of school . Calhoun : I 've heard you play -- you 're pretty mean on the trombone . How has that passion translated into your work with these kids ? Bernstein : I 've built my life on how important the feeling I get from playing music is . And I thought that that was the end-all , be-all feeling , that being on stage and performing was the thing for me . Then I saw a kid have that experience through our program , and it changed everything . There 's an amazing sense of pride when I see a kid experience that feeling on stage , where they 've connected with an audience or they get a round of applause because they 've worked really hard and have a great performance . It 's an incredible feeling . I was really fortunate to have the opportunities that I did to learn music . And part of me feels very responsible to provide those opportunities for other people , because there were people along the way in my path and my musical journey that helped me . My hopes for the children that we work with are that their vision of the world and their vision of themselves is changed in some way , that they hold themselves to more than other people might , and that they realize there 's a whole world out there that they could very much be a part of that is n't necessarily the one right outside their doorstep . I know music has changed my life in a really dramatic way . And I think it 's going to change the lives of these students in a really dramatic way . Want to get involved ? Check out the Guitars Over Guns website at www.guitarsoverguns.org and see how to help .	CNN Hero Chad Bernstein started music program that helps at-risk middle school students Nonprofit group Guitars Over Guns pairs Miami-area kids with professional musician mentors Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2015 CNN Heroes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When they set sail from harbor most yachtsmen leave only their worries behind . But when Hilary Lister goes out to sea , she sheds an entire way of life . Hilary Lister says she feels "  a thousand times " more free when she sails . The 36-year-old Briton is a quadriplegic who can only move her head , eyes and mouth and needs to rely on carers for almost every need . In spite of these restrictions she became the first disabled woman to sail solo around Britain Monday scoring a victory against the rare degenerative illness she has suffered from since age 11 . The inventive technology behind her voyage is called "  sip and puff " -- a system of three pneumatic straws positioned near Lister 's mouth that allow her to control the boat through a series of semaphore-like commands she can give by either blowing or sucking through the straws . Developed by a Canadian engineer , the system let Lister alter course and trim the sails of her 20ft long keel boat to complete the record-breaking trip over two summers . Lister 's passion for sailing is all-consuming and , considering what it has given her , unsurprising . "  When you leave the quayside , you leave behind the stresses of everyday life , " she told CNN . "  Any sailor will tell you that . "  If you multiply that sense of freedom a thousand times , that 's how I feel . I leave behind my wheelchair , a team of carers and suddenly it 's just me . " An Oxford University graduate and talented sportswoman in her youth , by 2003 Hilary 's illness had laid her so low she was a virtual recluse , never leaving the home she shared with her husband Clifford , and by her own admission deeply depressed . A friend suggested she go to Westbere Sailing . The center specializes in helping disabled people on to the water , but Hilary almost never made the 20-minute trip from her home near Canterbury in southern England . "  I was ill and running a temperature and I was about to cancel it , but something stopped me from backing out , " she said . She credits the decision to go to the center with saving her life . " -LSB- The staff -RSB- treated me like an intelligent , capable person and not like an object to be pitied , " she said . Her illness is called reflex sympathetic dystrophy . It makes it difficult for her to breathe -- the media interviews she has done since her latest achievement have exhausted her , she said . It also puts her in near-constant agony , a situation that is only manageable with the use of powerful drugs . Despite these hardships , or perhaps because of them , Hilary has no fear when she is out at sea . Her aim is to help other disabled people feel empowered in the same way and to that end she has set up her own charity , Hilary 's Dream Trust . The charity exists to provide assistance to disabled and disadvantaged adults who dream of sailing . "  It is difficult to do all the press , my diaphragm is in a bad way and I get tired easily with the interviews . But I want people to know my story because it 's important they realize disabled people can accomplish anything , given the right tools . " Her own accomplishment she began last summer with the help of a support boat and a specially adapted motor home that she returned to after each day 's sailing to recuperate . Last August she was forced to abandon the attempt due to bad weather and strong winds . She took up the gauntlet again in May and was rewarded with some transcendent moments . "  When I was in the Irish Sea I saw something that looked like a blow hole on my starboard side , " she said . "  I was n't sure what I 'd seen then suddenly out of the water this huge whale emerged like an Exocet missile . Next thing a pod of them -- we think they were humpbacks -- were all around my boat . "  I remember thinking , ' I wonder if this is safe ' but I was enjoying the moment so much . It was so exhilarating . "	Hilary Lister has become the first disabled woman to sail around Britain She navigated with a special technology using only her mouth and a straw Hilary suffers from a rare degenerative disease that has made her paraplegic She wants to help other disabled sailors through her charity Hilary 's Dream Trust
Washington  CNN  -- With time running out for Congress to prevent a doubling of interest rates on federal student loans , the White House and Republican leaders exchanged accusations Thursday on who was to blame for the lack of an agreement . President Barack Obama chided Republicans for holding up a deal with unreasonable demands , and he urged college students to continue raising their voices on the issue . However , spokesmen for Republican leaders in the House and Senate denied an assertion by press secretary Jay Carney that the White House has been working with them to try to reach a deal . Asked about GOP complaints that the White House has not reached out to Republicans on the issue in recent days , Carney said that "  we are actively working with members of Congress to get this done , " adding , "  in both parties . " Spokesmen for House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , disputed Carney 's account . On the Senate floor , McConnell accused Obama and Democrats of playing political games on the issue . "  It is the Democrat-led Senate that has failed to act and the president who has failed to contribute to a solution , and the reason is obvious , " McConnell said . "  It was reported yesterday that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is launching a website with a student loan countdown clock aimed at raising money off this issue . The implication is that Republicans are the ones dragging their feet . " The only reason the issue remains unresolved "  is that the president wants to keep it alive , " McConnell said , adding that "  he thinks it benefits him politically for college students to believe we 're the problem . " Despite such political back-and-forth , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said that "  a series of meetings over the last 48 hours " with Republicans had raised hopes for a deal . "  At this stage , it appears that they are compromising , just as we are , and hope we can get something done , " Reid said . Leaders of both parties insist that they want to keep the federally backed rate at 3.4 % for another year , but they sharply disagree over how to pay the $ 6 billion cost . Democrats want to eliminate certain tax benefits for small-business owners , while Republicans want to cut a preventive-care fund created in 2010 as part of Obama 's health care reform law . The Republican-majority House has passed its version of the measure , which Obama has threatened to veto . The Senate continues to negotiate an alternative version . If Congress fails to act by July 1 , the rate jumps to 6.8 % , with an average cost to students of $ 1,000 in increased loan debt , according to the White House . In his remarks at the White House to students campaigning for an extension of the current rate , Obama blamed Republicans for preventing a deal . "  Last month , Democrats in the Senate put forward a plan that would have kept these rates in place without adding a dime to the deficit . Unfortunately , Senate Republicans got together and blocked it , " Obama said . "  Over in the House , the Republicans said they 'd keep these rates down only if we agreed to cut things like preventative health care for women , which obviously would n't fix the problem but would create a new problem , " the president continued . He also poked fun at an unidentified congressman , presumably Republican , who Obama said had warned that the student loan rate issue was about giving students "  free college education . " That complaint "  does n't make much sense , because the definition of a loan is , it 's not free ; you have to pay it back , " Obama said . While Obama has repeatedly raised the issue in campaign appearances , certain GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney has also said Congress should act to keep the rate at 3.4 % . In 2007 , lawmakers temporarily cut the rate for undergraduates taking out federal Stafford loans up to the 2011 school year . The lower rates were phased in , so students have been able to access the lowest 3.4 % rate on subsidized federal loans for only one school year . The 2007 law allows interest rates to revert back to 6.8 % for the 2012-13 school year , which starts in July . CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Alan Silverleib and Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. McConnell says it is Democrats stalling progress to score political points The president urges Congress to prevent interest rates on student loans from doubling Senate Majority Leader Reid says recent talks provide hope for a resolution Without action , the current 3.4 % interest rate will rise to 6.8 % at the end of June
CNN  -- A single braid down the back , a light hunting jacket , a pair of sturdy leather shoes and a small golden pin ; not exactly a culmination of things you would call fashionable . But these are the key accessories to one of the hottest new characters to hit the big screen : Katniss Everdeen . Katniss , the arrow-slinging , tribute-hunting teenager from the upcoming movie "  The Hunger Games , " based on Suzanne Collins ' bestselling book , has made a huge style splash on the Web . Dozens of "  how-to-dress like Katniss " web pages , blog posts and articles are being bookmarked and pinned up by girls of all ages . But when did hunting gear and cotton dresses become so fashionable ? For the same reason the little black dress from Audrey Hepburn 's "  Breakfast at Tiffany 's " is still a staple today : It 's not just the look that audiences are responding to , but what that character represents , explains Teen Vogue 's News Fashion Editor , Jane Keltner de Valle . In the case of Katniss , "  Hunger Games " costume designer Judianna Makovsky kept in mind that the character 's style had to tell the story of a distinctively strong young woman who does n't yet know her own strength . After all , Makovsky says , Katniss is a character who 's "  just trying to survive . " So when she created those costumes , she looked to the past for inspiration , creating items for Katniss ' home of District Twelve by incorporating themes from the Great Depression . As a result , "  Katniss has practical clothes -- it has to make sense where she got them , " Makovsky says . "  District 12 is American work wear , and that is what she would wear while she hunted . " Katniss is n't the only recent movie character to rev up the fashion scene . "  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo 's " Lisbeth Salander enthralled viewers with her distinctive punk style , and even "  Twilight 's " Bella Swan gained fashion popularity with her simple wedding dress seen in "  Breaking Dawn " and Northern Pacific coast fashion . "  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo 's " dark urban look was recreated for consumers by Swedish retailer H&M , which released a limited edition Lisbeth Salander-inspired line , featuring key leather pieces , torn and worn shirts and hoodies , all tied together with an industrial color scheme . One Los Angeles store sold out of the line in 10 minutes after the line went on sale , according to "  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo 's " costume designer , Trish Summerville , who worked in conjunction with H&M to create the line . Teen Vogue 's Keltner de Valle also notes how that theme resonated on the runway during the fall fashion season in 2011 . "  For so long , designers were collaborating with mass retailers , -LSB- but -RSB- a new trend could be costume designers collaborating with mass retailers to create -LSB- a -RSB- character-inspired wardrobe . It almost seems like a no-brainer . " And yet , while Summerville created a character-inspired line with Lisbeth Salander , Makovsky said that 's currently not her intention . "  I did n't want the fashion to take over , -LSB- because -RSB- that is not what the movie is about , " she said . "  The movie is about a girl 's journey . That is what a costume designer does , we tell the character 's story . " Whether the clothing ends up being crafted specifically for fans or not , it 's always that story told through a character 's costume that the consumers cling to . To dress like Katniss , in some regard , is to adopt her trademark characteristics , and the popularity of her clothing points to a characterization that 's hit home . "  There was a time when being powerful and being pretty were mutually exclusive , and these strong female archetypes are becoming really popular and girls are really responding to that , " says Keltner de Valle . InStyle.com entertainment editor Bronwyn Barnes agrees , positing out that the look and feel of characters like Katniss and Lisbeth are so appealing to audiences because these characters are in charge of their own destinies . "  I think these characters struck the right time in pop culture , " Barnes said . "  People are looking for the modern day heroine . " And to dress like one , too .	Katniss Everdeen of "  Hunger Games " has made a huge style splash on the web An InStyle editor says that the popularity of Katniss ' style stems from its adaptability The movie costume designer says one of the key aspects to Katniss ' look is the practicality
It 's the biggest man-made epidemic in the United States . That 's how a doctor in Washington state described it to me as we sat outside the state Capitol in Olympia . He was talking about accidental death from prescription drug overdoses . The doctor , Gary Franklin , medical director for Washington state 's Department of Labor and Industries , recounted terrifying case after case and told me it was the saddest thing he had ever seen . I remember him telling me about a teenager dying because he had taken too much narcotic medication after a dental procedure . The most common scenario , he said , involves a man in his 40s or 50s who visits a doctor with a backache and walks out with a pain pill prescription . About three years later , typically , the man dies in his sleep from taking too many pills , or mixing them with alcohol . They do n't intend to die , but more than 20,000 times a year -- every 19 minutes , on average -- that is exactly what happens . Accidental overdoses are now a leading cause of accidental deaths in the United States , surpassing car crashes . As a neurosurgeon working in a busy level 1 trauma hospital , I had an idea that the problem was growing -- but the numbers still boggle the mind . Distribution of morphine , the main ingredient in popular painkillers , increased 600 % from 1997-2007 , according to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . In the United States , we now prescribe enough pain pills to give every man , woman and child one every four hours , around the clock , for three weeks . Gupta : The truth about prescription medication addiction We often pay close attention if a celebrity dies of an overdose , but truth is , it 's our friends , neighbors and yes , our own family members who are dying . In fact , the person who really brought the issue to my attention was former President Bill Clinton . He called me a few months ago , and I could immediately tell he was broken up about something . I had worked for him in the White House in the late '90s , talked to him countless times since then , and I had never heard him like this . Two of his friends had both lost sons , he told me . The cause : accidental overdose . I will never forget how he put it . "  Look , no one thinks having a few beers and an Oxycontin is a good idea , but you also do n't expect to die . " I knew at that moment we needed to do our part in the media to shine a bright light on this issue and find solutions that work . As a starting point , 80 % of the world 's pain pills are consumed right here in the United States , according to 2011 congressional testimony from the American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians . No doubt , many are for perfectly legitimate reasons and are not misused or abused . Yet culturally , we have become increasingly intolerant of even minor amounts of pain and increasingly comfortable with taking heavy-duty medications . We know , however , that after just a few months of taking the pills , something starts to change in the body . The effectiveness wears off , and patients typically report getting only about 30 % pain relief , compared with when they started . Even more concerning , a subgroup of these patients develop a condition known as hyperalgesia , an increased sensitivity to pain . Gupta : More is not always better in medicine As you might guess , all of this creates a situation where the person starts to take more and more pills . And even though they are no longer providing much pain relief , they can still diminish the body 's drive to breathe . If you are awake you may not notice it , but if you fall asleep with too many of these pills in your system , you never wake up . Add alcohol , and the problem is exponentially worse . People who take pain or sleeping pills and drink a couple glasses of wine are playing Russian roulette . I am not at all sorry for coming off dramatic or scary as I write this . I only wish I had been this dramatic years ago . Truth is , it is easier for a doctor to write a prescription than to explore other effective options to combat pain . And it is easier for patients to take those prescription pills than to search for alternatives themselves . Both those things must absolutely change . In my upcoming documentary , I will explain how we arrived in this deadly situation , but more importantly , explore solutions to address it . I crisscrossed the country finding what worked and what did n't . I spoke to doctors , patients and families who lost a loved one -- even one man I met who shares my last name . As I said , it hits close to home . Clinton has dedicated a significant part of his post-presidency domestic efforts to this cause , and it will not come as a surprise that he has identified areas where we can all make a difference . You will hear his thoughts on this issue for the first time in the documentary . Throughout my career , I have traveled the world and seen problems so intransigent that I thought solutions would never come . With accidental deaths due to prescription drugs , however , we have an opportunity to fix the problem and end this large man-made epidemic . Gupta : Saving Emma in the storm	A person dies every 19 minutes , on average , from an accidental prescription drug overdose Congressional testimony reveals 80 % of world 's pain pills are consumed in the United States Alcohol and pain or sleeping pills can be a deadly combination
Euphoria reigned in many parts of Barcelona and the surrounding region of Catalonia on Monday , a day after 1.6 million people there cast symbolic votes to secede from Spain . But the sentiment for Catalan independence was not shared in Madrid , where there was skepticism , as Spain 's Justice Minister called the straw vote a "  farce " without any democratic validity . Even after more than 2 million Catalans voted on Sunday , defying two decisions by Spain 's highest court that it was illegal to cast a ballot on independence , the two entrenched sides -- the Catalan government in Spain 's second largest city of Barcelona and the Spanish government in the capital , Madrid -- seemed no closer to solving the thorny issue . Catalan secessionists have staged massive street demonstrations in recent years , and they picked up more steam in September around Scotland 's referendum on independence . Although Scots voted to remain in the United Kingdom , many Catalans insisted Madrid should let them vote , too , as London had done for Scotland . But the Spanish government insists that the constitution does not permit just one of Spain 's 17 regions , such as Catalonia , to unilaterally secede . None of that mattered on Sunday to many in Catalonia , in northeast Spain , where the regional government , backed by 40,000 volunteers instead of regular election officials , staged the symbolic vote . The result was heavily in favor of independence , but analysts said many who opposed secession simply did n't bother to vote , since it was non-binding . Turnout was about 32 % , far lower than the nearly 70 % who voted in regional , binding , parliamentary elections two years ago . Catalonia represents about 20 % of Spain 's economy and already has broad home-rule powers , including its own parliament , police force and control over education and health . The region also has a long list of grievances with Madrid , including over taxation . The Catalan president , Artur Mas , on Sunday called on Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to negotiate a "  definitive " referendum . But Rajoy said earlier in the weekend that he could only talk within the bounds of the Spanish constitution and law . With the two leaders seemingly at loggerheads , some analysts predicted the real talks would be about more home rule for Catalonia , . Others said the crisis could mean early regional elections in Catalonia , where polls indicate that a party even more devoted to secession than the one currently in power would win .	Over 2 million Catalans voted on Sunday , defying decisions by Spain 's highest court The result heavily favors independence , but Madrid says symbolic vote was a "  farce " Catalan secessionists have staged massive street demonstrations in recent years The Spanish government says the constitution does n't allow one region to unilaterally secede
A documentary on the 1996 explosion that brought down TWA Flight 800 offers "  solid proof that there was an external detonation , " its co-producer said Wednesday . "  Of course , everyone knows about the eyewitness statements , but we also have corroborating information from the radar data , and the radar data shows a  n  asymmetric explosion coming out of that plane -- something that did n't happen in the official theory , " Tom Stalcup told CNN 's New Day . All 230 people aboard TWA 800 died when the plane , headed for Paris , exploded and crashed into the Atlantic Ocean shortly after takeoff from John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York . Scores of witnesses observed a streak of light and a fireball , giving early rise to suspicions that terrorists had struck the plane with a rocket . Investigators concluded the streak was likely burning fuel streaming from the plane 's wing tank . The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that the explosion was caused by an electrical short circuit , most likely originating in a fuel gauge line , which found its way into the center wing fuel tank , where it detonated fuel vapors and caused the B-747 to fall in pieces into the waters off Long Island . But some people have come forward , "  all saying the same thing : that there was an external force -- not from the center wing tank , there 's no evidence of that -- but there is evidence of an external explosion that brought down that plane , " Stalcup said . He cited "  corroborating information from the radar data " and complained that "  not one single eyewitness was allowed to testify -- that 's unheard of . " "  The family members need to know what happened to their loved ones , " he said . Asked why such information might have been suppressed , Stalcup said , "  That 's a question that should be answered when this investigation gets reopened . " Possibility of a review of new information The NTSB acknowledged receipt Wednesday of the filmmakers ' petition -- signed by former investigators -- requesting that the investigation be reopened . "  As required by NTSB regulation , a petition for reconsideration of Board findings or a probable cause determination must be based on the discovery of new evidence or on a showing that the Board 's findings are erroneous , " said board spokeswoman Kelly Nantel . What really happened "  We assign petition responses to the relevant modal office for drafting . The NTSB 's Office of Aviation Safety will assign staff , to the maximum extent practicable , who did not work on the original investigation to carefully prepare a response . The response will be presented to the full Board for their consideration and vote . " The board 's investigation of TWA 800 lasted four years and "  remains one of the NTSB 's most extensive investigations , " Nantel said . Investigators "  spent an enormous amount of time reviewing , documenting and analyzing facts and data and held a five-day public hearing to gather additional facts before determining the probable cause of the accident , " she said . But she left open the possibility the case will be reopened . "  While the NTSB rarely re-investigates issues that have already been examined , our investigations are never closed , and we can review any new information not previously considered by board , " she said . One TWA 800 family member reacted to the news of the documentary with skepticism . "  Some of the people involved in this group have been involved in Internet conspiracy theories for the last 15 years , " said Joe Lychner , whose wife , Pam , and two daughters , Shannon , 10 , and Katie , 8 , died in the incident . "  So far as I can tell , this is just a rehash of what 's been out on the Internet , " he said . "  If they have no new information and this is just trumped-up stuff that 's been out there forever , yes , it is hurtful , " Lychner said . "  Why go through this again . Conversely , if they do have new information and it 's provable , it 's a game changer . I will watch this thing with a very critical eye , knowing what I know . " John Goglia , a member of the five-person NTSB during the investigation , said he "  took offense " at the filmmakers ' suggestion that board members ignored evidence . "  I would never be part of any coverup -- period , " he told CNN . "  This accident , this report , over 50,000 pages , if you take and just look at certain pieces of it , you can move the cause of this accident any way you want . You can take just the radar ; you can say it was a missile . You have to take all of the pieces and look at them as a whole . "  The sequencing report that told how the airplane fell apart , none of it supports a missile -- none of it . When you look at the physical evidence inside the tank , it 's clear that there was an explosion inside the tank . If the top of the tank goes up and the bottom of the tank goes down , and the forward side goes forward and the back of the tank goes back , that tells you that the blast was inside the tank -- not outside . " He said that no holes were found in the tank that would indicate something had penetrated it . But the documentary asserts that a missile may have exploded adjacent to the plane . Critics challenge government investigation Skeptics have long theorized that TWA Flight 800 was brought down by sinister forces . They include Hank Hughes , who served as a senior accident investigator with the NTSB and helped reconstruct the aircraft . Others include Bob Young , a TWA investigator who participated in the investigation , and Jim Speer , an accident investigator for the Airline Pilots Association . "  These investigators were not allowed to speak to the public or refute any comments made by their superiors and/or NTSB and FBI officials about their work at the time of the official investigation , " a news release announcing the documentary said . "  They waited until after retirement to reveal how the official conclusion by the  NTSB  was falsified and lay out their case . " James Kallstrom , who headed the FBI 's investigation into the explosion , dismissed suggestions that investigators concealed information and were not receptive to clues . "  If they felt that way back then , they could have come to me , " Kallstrom said . "  I was someone desiring to get to the bottom of this , believe me . And I had a reputation for not , you know , for not pussyfooting around . Yet it seems like they 've comfortably waited until they have their pensions before they became whistle-blowers . So I think it 's a bunch of bullcrap . " The documentary , "  TWA Flight 800 , " will premiere July 17 , the 17th anniversary of the crash . Stalcup is co-founder of the Flight 800 Independent Researchers Organization and has been a longtime and passionate critic of the official investigation . Suspicions that criminals or terrorists were behind the TWA 800 explosion are not new . The FBI conducted a parallel investigation , but concluded that the incident was not a crime or terrorist attack . The NTSB said Tuesday that it was aware of the pending release of the documentary , which will air on EPIX TV network , and of the producers ' intent to file a petition to reopen the investigation . The documentarians said they have a "  trifecta of elements " that will "  prove that the officially proposed fuel-air explosion did not cause the crash . " That trifecta includes forensic evidence , firsthand sources and corroborating witnesses , and the new statements from retired investigators . The evidence proves that "  one or more ordnance explosions outside the aircraft caused the crash , " the producers said . But it does not identify or speculate on the source of the ordnance explosions . Read more about transportation with "  On the Move "	TWA family member cites "  Internet conspiracies " Producer : "  One or more ordnance explosions outside the aircraft caused the crash " "  TWA Flight 800 " will premiere July 17 , the anniversary of the crash NTSB investigator insists evidence showed an explosion inside the fuel tank
CNN  -- Dr. George Tiller , whose Kansas women 's clinic frequently took center stage in the U.S. debate over abortion , was shot and killed while serving as an usher at his Wichita church Sunday morning , police said . Dr. George Tiller was one of the few U.S. physicians that performed late-term abortions . Wichita police said a 51-year-old man from the Kansas City , Kansas , area was in custody in connection with the slaying of Tiller , who was one of the few U.S. physicians who still performed late-term abortions . The killing , which came about 16 years after Tiller survived a shooting outside his Wichita clinic , took place shortly after 10 a.m. Sunday at Reformation Lutheran Church . Officers found the 67-year-old dead in the foyer , police said . Witnesses provided a description of the car and a license number of the killer 's getaway vehicle , Wichita police spokesman Gordon Bassham said . Police stopped a blue Ford Taurus matching the description about three hours later in Gardner , about 30 miles southwest of Kansas City , and took the driver into custody . No charges had been filed Sunday evening and no motive for the killing was immediately known , but Wichita police Detective Tom Stoltz told reporters : "  We think we have the right person arrested . " "  We will investigate this suspect to the Nth degree -- his history , his family , his associates -- and we are just in the beginning stages of that , " Stoltz said . See what people are saying about Dr. Tiller 's murder " Tiller 's slaying drew condemnation from supporters , from some of those who tried to shut down his practice and from President Obama , who just two weeks ago urged Americans to seek "  common ground " on the issue of abortion . "  However profound our differences as Americans over difficult issues such as abortion , they can not be resolved by heinous acts of violence , " Obama said in a statement issued by the White House . The shooting prompted U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to direct federal marshals to "  offer protection to other appropriate people and facilities around the nation , " according to a statement from the Department of Justice . Tiller had been practicing medicine for nearly 40 years , said Peter Brownlie , president of the Kansas City-based regional Planned Parenthood office . His patients were "  almost always in circumstances where something had gone horribly wrong with a pregnancy , " and where a woman 's health would be endangered if the pregnancy continued , Brownlie said . He and his staff had been picketed for years , with some activists distributing leaflets around his neighborhood , Brownlie said . His clinic suffered serious damage from a bomb in the mid-1990s , and he was shot through both arms in 1993 by an anti-abortion activist who is currently serving time in federal prison . "  He endured that kind of stuff on a very frequent basis , " Brownlie said . "  As recently as early this month the clinic sustained serious vandalism that put them out of commission for a week or so . " Watch Tiller describe the philosophy of his clinic in 1999 " Tiller had armed security at his clinic and a "  pretty rigorous " security procedure at home , Brownlie said . But he "  made an effort to live his life as normally as possible knowing he could be a target at any time , " he said . In a statement issued through Tiller 's lawyers , his family -- a wife , four children and 10 grandchildren -- said their loss "  is also a loss for the City of Wichita and women across America . " "  George dedicated his life to providing women with high-quality health care despite frequent threats and violence , " his family said in a written statement . "  We ask that he be remembered as a good husband , father and grandfather and a dedicated servant on behalf of the rights of women everywhere . " In March , Tiller was acquitted of 19 counts of performing procedures unlawfully at his clinic . In 2008 , a probe initiated by abortion opponents who petitioned state authorities to convene a grand jury ended without charges . Leading anti-abortion groups condemned Sunday 's shooting , emphasizing they wanted to shut down Tiller 's practice by legal means . Operation Rescue , which has led numerous demonstrations at Tiller 's clinic , called the shooting as a "  cowardly act . " And the National Right to Life Committee , the largest U.S. anti-abortion group , said it "  unequivocally condemns any such acts of violence regardless of motivation . " "  The pro-life movement works to protect the right to life and increase respect for human life , " it said . "  The unlawful use of violence is directly contrary to that goal . " But Operation Rescue founder Randall Terry , who is no longer affiliated with the group , called Tiller "  a mass murderer . " "  We grieve for him that he did not have time to properly prepare his soul to face God , " Terry said in a written statement . "  I am more concerned that the Obama administration will use Tiller 's killing to intimidate pro-lifers into surrendering our most effective rhetoric and actions . Abortion is still murder , and we still must call abortion by its proper name . " The National Organization for Women , which supports abortion rights , called Tiller 's killing an act of "  domestic terrorism . " And NARAL Pro-Choice America said Tiller had worked for years under "  intense harassment tinged with persistent threats of violence . " If Tiller was killed because of his work , he would be the fourth U.S. physician killed over abortion since 1993 . See all abortion-related attacks since 1993 " In 1998 , a sniper killed Dr. Barnett Slepian in his Amherst , New York , home . Anti-abortion activist James Kopp was later arrested in France and is serving life in prison . In 1994 , Dr. John Bayard Britton and one of his volunteer escorts were shot and killed outside an abortion clinic in Pensacola , Florida . Paul Hill , a former minister , was convicted of the killings and executed in 2003 . And in 1993 , another doctor , David Gunn , was shot to death outside another Pensacola clinic . His killer , Michael Griffin , is serving a life sentence . In addition , a nurse at a Birmingham , Alabama , clinic was maimed and an off-duty police officer was killed in a 1998 bombing by Eric Rudolph , who included abortion among his list of anti-government grievances . Rudolph admitted to that attack and three other bombings -- including the 1996 attack on the Olympic games in Atlanta , Georgia -- and is currently serving life in prison . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Suspect in shooting death of Dr. George Tiller in custody , police say Tiller shot Sunday at his church in Wichita , Kansas , according to police Motive unknown ; Tiller was one of few U.S. doctors performing late-term abortions Supporters , President Obama and anti-abortion groups condemn killing
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- "  Have you been to Koreatown yet ? " my friend asked eagerly over the phone . It was my third week as a resident of Los Angeles , and I could no longer claim the pure shock of moving to a city so sprawling , so overwhelming , as the reason I had yet to explore its most interesting neighborhoods . But I had to answer "  no . " In a city as vast as Los Angeles , Koreatown seemed especially impenetrable , a huge warren of restaurants , markets , strip malls and residences . As much as I knew that it held a treasure trove of food , culture and nightlife , I was intimidated to even get started . Now , almost a year later , Koreatown is one of my favorite things about living in Los Angeles . It 's like having an entire other city within a city , a gloriously foreign one at that . There are places in Koreatown where you look around and swear you are in Asia . And yet , it 's also 100 % Los Angeles : a strange , sprawling melting pot full of hidden delights . Here are eight things to know about Koreatown , things that I hope will help make discovering this neighborhood a little less daunting . 15 things to do around Los Angeles It 's big Koreatown is west of downtown and south of Hollywood and is considered part of the Mid-Wilshire district . Its borders are somewhat amorphous and have shifted over time , but the neighborhood 's generally accepted area is around 3 square miles and has one of the densest populations in Los Angeles . In the 1920s and '30s it was very much a swinging spot for Hollywood celebrities , and was the location of the Ambassador Hotel , which hosted the Academy Awards in the '30s and '40s  and was also the site of the Robert F. Kennedy assassination  . Though the Ambassador was torn down in 2005 , you can still see some remnants of that old glamor in other buildings scattered among the newer strip malls and construction . The ever-changing flavor of L.A. 's Koreatown The neighborhood has seen turmoil Heavy Korean settlement in the area cemented the neighborhood as Koreatown in the 1970s , when many South Koreans immigrated to California . In 1992 Koreatown bore the brunt of much of the violence and looting that happened during the L.A. riots , and many Koreans fled to the suburbs after the riots . But renewed development in the early 2000s , plus a new subway line with stations in the neighborhood , led to a revitalization of the area . Most of the residents are Latino This is a tri-lingual neighborhood : Wherever you go , you will hear Korean , Spanish and English , and often times a mashup of all three . This blend of cultures has led to some of L.A. 's most recognized food , such as Roy Choi 's Kogi tacos , the original Korean taco truck . Choi , who is Korean but grew up surrounded by L.A. 's Latino influences , channels a completely authentic experience of America 's melting pot . While L.A. has the nation 's largest Korean population and Koreans make up the largest nationality in the neighborhood  22 % , according to demographic analysis  most of the residents of Koreatown are Latino : 58 % . But you can also find Bangladeshi , Brazilian , Vietnamese , Pakistani and all manner of South American residents , businesses and eateries in the area . Koreatown never sleeps Twenty-four-hour restaurants are just the beginning . Koreatown is home to more nightlife than many other entire cities can claim , from dive bars to high-end cocktail speakeasies , from karaoke clubs to establishments that must be a business of some sort , on the second level of a strip mall with a sign in Korean and people coming and going at 4 a.m. There 's a lot of mystery here , but also a lot on full display . A few spots to get you started : In the dive bar category there 's Hangover bar  3377 Wilshire Blvd.  with all you can drink beer and soju for $ 21.99 . Lock & Key  239 S. Vermont Ave.  is a new speakeasy where you have to try different doorknobs from the foyer to get in . Inside , it 's all Korea meets 1920s Hollywood glam . The tucked-away spot is fronted by Stall 239 , a walk-up restaurant serving international snacks late . Koreatown is said to have the highest concentration of restaurants and nightclubs in Southern California . My Koreatown nightlife of choice ? Karaoke . Most karaoke clubs here have private rooms , so you and your friends can sing your hearts out without having to deal with a bunch of drunk strangers ' off-key wailings . Try Palm Tree L.A.  3240 Wilshire Blvd. , Suite 401  , a swank club with private rooms and songs in Korean , Japanese and English . If strangers ' off-key wailings is what you 're in the mood for , you can hit up Brass Monkey  3440 Wilshire Blvd.  , a more American karaoke dive bar that 's good for sloppy fun . There is a LOT of good food here Koreatown is home to some of the country 's best Korean barbecue  check out Park 's and Genwa for high quality meat as well as fantastic banchan , or small side dishes served with rice  , but there 's so , so much more to explore . Soup , porridge , raw fish salads , stews -- every Korean specialty you can imagine exists in this neighborhood . It 's hard to even begin to list favorites -- every Angeleno has a Koreatown hole in the wall they want to rave to you about . The fun is in getting out there and finding your own personal must-try dish . Korean food is n't all that 's on the menu Koreatown is home to more than just Korean -- for instance , Guelaguetza , one of the city 's best Mexican restaurants , lives in the heart of Koreatown . Expect amazing moles , live music on weekends , a ton of families sharing huge platters of grilled meats , and fun fruity tropical mezcal cocktails . Beer Belly , a newer craft beer bar , finds its home in an odd building behind one of Koreatown 's strip malls and serves killer bar food along with one of the best beer selections in the city . And the rest of the neighborhood 's diverse population means tremendous eateries are tucked throughout . For more on the neighborhood 's food , check out some of Anthony Bourdain 's recent culinary stops in the gallery above and tune in for "  Parts Unknown " on Sunday at 9 p.m. ET . $ 15 spa day ? Yes , please Korean spas are a lovely and affordable way to pamper yourself , and Koreatown has a whole slew of options . Natura Spa offers an all day pass for $ 15 , which gains you access to the saunas , steam rooms , hot tubs and cold pool , with extra options like body scrubs available . Wi Spa is open 24 hours and has a kid 's area as well as a mud spa . Korean spas generally have Korean cafes within , and many of those serve really great food , making them perfect all-day immersions . Stinky , spicy souvenirs abound There are some amazing kimchi purveyors in Koreatown , stores that sell jars of fermented cabbage and other delicious banchan . Seek out artisan producers like the folks at Kaesung Market  1010 S. St. Andrews Place  where owners have been making kimchi for 35 years . Besha Rodell moved to L.A. in May 2012 to become the lead restaurant critic for L.A. Weekly . She has previously lived in  and written about  Atlanta , North Carolina , New York and Melbourne , Australia . You can read her weekly reviews of L.A. restaurants and daily musings on the food world at laweekly.com/restaurants .	L.A. 's Koreatown is home to one of the city 's densest populations Looking around , it feels like Asia , but the area is also 100 % L.A. The neighborhood is home to Asians , Central Americans , South Americans and more Koreans are the largest group , but the neighborhood is majority Latino
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The "  terrible " weekend killings of civilians wo n't knock the United States and its NATO allies off the course they 've charted in Afghanistan , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Monday . An American sergeant is suspected of killing 16 people : nine Afghan children , three women and four men in two villages near his combat outpost on Sunday . Gen. John Allen , the U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan , called the rampage "  the actions of a single soldier , " but it has added new strains to the relationship between the coalition and the Afghan people in the decade-old war . As he set out for a trip to the Middle East , Panetta told reporters the allies "  seem to get tested almost every other day . " But he added , "  It is important that , all of us , United States , Afghanistan , the ISAF forces all stick to the strategy that we 've laid out . " "  War is hell , " he said . "  These kind of events and incidents are going to take place . They 've taken place in any war . They 're terrible events . This is not the first of those events , and they probably wo n't be the last . " Sunday 's killings followed a string of incidents involving U.S. troops that have strained ties between the United States and Afghanistan , and Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned the weekend bloodshed as "  unforgivable . " Afghanistan 's parliament demanded a public trial for the suspect , while the Afghan Taliban condemned U.S. troops as "  sick-minded American savages " and vowed to exact revenge . "  This is a very negative act in relations between the Afghans and the Americans , " said a tribal elder in the district of Panjwai , where the killings took place . "  All Afghans have been hurt by this act and I do n't think people will trust the Americans anymore , " said the official , who asked not to be named out of fears for his safety . But Allen told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " that the decade-old allied campaign in Afghanistan "  remains on track " despite the violence . "  Every single day , Afghan soldiers and Afghan police and ISAF troops are serving shoulder-to-shoulder in some very difficult situations , " he said . "  And our engagement with them , our shoulder-to-shoulder relationship with them , our conduct of operations with them every single day defines the real relationship . This is an isolated act . " The still-unidentified suspect served three tours of duty in Iraq before being deployed to Afghanistan , Allen said . A U.S. military official , who asked not to be named because he was talking about an ongoing investigation , said the suspect is an Army staff sergeant who arrived in Afghanistan in January . "  The evidence at this point , both in terms of observations and reports and interviews , leads us to believe that he acted as an individual at this point , " Allen said . During the suspect 's last deployment , in 2010 , he was riding in a vehicle that rolled over in a wreck , according to a senior Department of Defense official who also spoke on condition of anonymity . The sergeant was diagnosed with a traumatic brain injury after the wreck , but was found fit for duty after treatment , the official said . Allen said the suspect 's medical history would be part of the investigation , which would be handled by American military authorities . "  We will certainly keep the Afghan government informed throughout this investigation , " he said . "  We will keep the Afghan government informed throughout the process of adjudicating the outcome . But this individual will be investigated and the outcome will be in accordance with U.S. law . " White House response to shooting spree The suspect is in his mid-30s , with a wife and children , officials said Monday . The senior defense official said he is an infantry sniper trained to fire fatal shots from up to 800 meters  yards  away , and was assigned to an outpost near the southern Afghan city of Kandahar to support a Special Forces unit , according to a second military official who asked not to be named because of the investigation . After the predawn shootings Sunday , Panetta said the suspect "  basically turned himself in and told individuals what had happened . " But the senior defense official said the suspect has invoked his right to remain silent and has given no indication of his motive . A congressional source not authorized to speak publicly identified his unit as the 3rd Stryker Brigade Combat Team , 2nd Infantry Division , stationed at Joint Base Lewis-McChord near Tacoma , Washington . The source said the soldier was put in pretrial confinement in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar , about 25 kilometers  15 miles  from the outpost where he was stationed , while the senior defense official said the suspect 's family has been moved on to Joint Base Lewis-McChord for their safety . Allen said an Afghan soldier at the outpost spotted the suspect going out around 3 a.m. Sunday and notified American commanders . "  A search party was being put together immediately , " he said . "  There was a head count done amongst the American soldiers , recognized that he was missing , unaccounted for . We put together a search party right away and it was as that search party was forming that we began to have indications of the outcome of his departure . " The killings could intensify the rage that sparked deadly riots directed at international forces last month over the burning of Qurans by U.S. troops . In addition , U.S. commanders were forced to condemn a video of a squad of Marines urinating on bodies in January , and several soldiers -- also from Joint Base Lewis-McChord -- were charged with taking part in a rogue "  kill squad , " with the highest-ranking soldier being sentenced to life in prison in November . Taliban link attack to Quran burning The latest incident brought a new round of high-level statements from Washington . "  This is not who we are , and the United States is committed to seeing that those responsible are held accountable , " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday . On Sunday , President Barack Obama phoned Karzai to offer his condolences , assuring his Afghan counterpart that justice would be done . According to the White House , Obama said the attack "  does not represent the exceptional character of our military and the respect that the United States has for the people of Afghanistan . " But villager Muhammad Wali said many of his neighbors have lost confidence in both the Americans and the Afghan security forces , whom they accuse of failing to protect them , he said . "  The people in these villages are scared , and we do n't know what is going to happen next , " Wali said . "  They saw nothing except the Americans going and killing them in their homes , " he added . Kandahar and the surrounding region is the home of the Taliban , and eight of the 69 coalition troops killed in Afghanistan so far this year died in the province . Officials within the Obama administration said the incident will not derail talks on the role of U.S. troops beyond 2014 , when foreign combat troops are scheduled to withdraw . The United States and its allies invaded Afghanistan in 2001 , after al Qaeda 's attacks on New York and Washington that killed nearly 3,000 people . The invasion quickly toppled the Taliban , an Islamic fundamentalist movement that ruled most of Afghanistan and had allowed al Qaeda to operate from its territory . But the militia soon regrouped and launched an insurgent campaign against the allied forces and a new government led by Karzai . The No. 1 U.S. target in the conflict , al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden , was killed in a commando raid in neighboring Pakistan in May 2011 . American and allied combat troops are scheduled to leave Afghanistan by 2014 , and Karzai has been increasingly critical of the allied force . Tensions ramped up dramatically in February after a group of U.S. soldiers burned copies of the Quran , Islam 's holy book , that had been seized from inmates at the American-run prison at Bagram Air Base because they allegedly contained extremist communications . CNN 's Sara Sidner , John Dear , Jethro Mullen , Barbara Starr , Chris Lawrence , Brianna Keilar , Diana Magnay , Deirdre Walsh and journalist Ruhullah Khapalwak contributed to this report .	NEW : "  War is hell , " Panetta says , but killings wo n't affect strategy The suspect was treated for a 2010 brain injury but was cleared for duty , an official says His medical history will be part of the investigation , NATO commander says "  The people in these villages are scared , " one Afghan tells CNN
Washington  CNN  Until recently , if you sat in church on Sunday mornings , pollsters could predict where you stood on same-sex marriage . What a difference a decade makes . In 2003 , when the Massachusetts Supreme Court became the country 's first to legalize same-sex marriage , less than 30 % of religiously affiliated Americans supported gays ' and lesbians ' right to wed. . By 2014 , that number had climbed to 47 % , according to a survey conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute . That 's more than the 45 % who said they opposed same-sex nuptials . The margin is small but statistically significant , said Robert P. Jones , CEO of PRRI , because of the exceptionally large pool of respondents : 40,000 adult Americans .  Eight percent refused to answer or said they did n't know their stance on same-sex marriage . According to PRRI 's poll , there are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it , a dramatic turn in one of this country 's most divisive debates and a generational shift with the potential to sweep through everything from the wedding industry to the 2016 presidential race . "  There 's been a huge swing in the last decade , " said Jones . "  There are now big , mainstream groups on both sides of the debate . " If the U.S. Supreme Court has been paying attention , it likely saw this trend coming . Each time the high court has considered a case related to same-sex marriage , the pile of amicus briefs from religious groups supporting gay rights has inched a little taller , and the crowds protesting outside their grand marble steps has gradually grown more diverse . On Tuesday , for example , as the Supreme Court hears oral arguments in Obergefell v. Hodges , a case widely expected to produce a landmark ruling on same-sex marriage , an interfaith coalition of clergy led by the dean of Washington 's National Cathedral is planning to march in support of LGBT rights . "  I join with many across the spectrum of American faith communities in my hope that the Court 's ruling will permit same-sex marriage in all 50 states , " the Very Rev. Gary Hall , the cathedral 's dean , said in a statement . "  I trust that their judgment will end discrimination against those who seek God 's blessing on their marriages . " Clergy from Hall 's religious denomination , the Episcopal Church , have also submitted an amicus brief in support of same-sex marriage . The brief is endorsed by nearly 2,000 faith leaders , including rabbis , Methodist ministers , Lutheran bishops , seminary professors and Congregationalist chaplains . Another brief , submitted by the Anti-Defamation League , is signed by Jewish , Hindu and Presbyterian groups . In a reverse of traditional arguments against gay marriage , some members of these groups say their religious rights will be curtailed if states do not allow them to perform same-sex nuptials . Prominent and powerful religious groups are lined up on the other side as well , including the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , National Association of Evangelicals , Southern Baptist Convention , Assemblies of God and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , also known as the Mormon church . Together , leaders of these faiths represent more than 120 million Americans . But as PRRI 's survey shows , there are often differences of opinion between the pulpits and the pews . Despite vocal opposition from the U.S. Catholic Bishops , for example , 60 % of Catholics now favor same-sex marriage . That 's a huge increase from 2003 , when just 35 % backed gay rights , according to survey conducted at the time by the Pew Research Center . Mainline Protestants -- so-called for their prominence in 20th century American life -- also saw a huge shift in the last decade . While 36 % supported same-sex marriage in 2003 , now 62 % do . At a glance , the pro-gay marriage faction is now strikingly diverse , encompassing Buddhists , Catholics , Jews and Hindus . But the pro-traditional marriage crowd is just as motley , bridging black Protestants , Mormons , Muslims and white evangelicals , according to PRRI 's survey . Same-sex marriage rights worldwide Legalized nationwide : Argentina , Belgium , Canada , Denmark , Iceland , Netherlands , Norway , Portugal , Spain , South Africa , Sweden Legalized in certain regions : Brazil , Mexico , United States Civil unions or domestic partnerships : Andorra , Austria , Brazil , Colombia , Czech Republic , Ecuador , Finland , France , Germany , Greenland , Hungary , Ireland , Liechtenstein , Luxembourg , New Zealand , Slovenia , Switzerland , United Kingdom , Uruguay and parts of Australia , Mexico , United States and Venezuela The survey data comes from PRRI 's American Values Atlas , conducted between April and December of last year . PRRI is a nonpartisan , nonprofit research group that focuses on faith and American culture . Separate surveys conducted by PRRI and other groups show much of the newfound religious support for same-sex marriage is coming from younger Americans . Seven in 10 Millennials , for example , support same-sex marriage and say that faith groups alienate young adults by being judgemental on sexual ethics . Half of millennial Republicans say gays and lesbians should be allowed to marry , and 43 % of white evangelical millennials agree . Those numbers could put GOP presidential candidates in a tight spot , said Jones , as they try to expand their base and appeal to younger Americans . "  The real challenge for GOP candidates is how can they plant their feet deftly enough not to offend older conservatives in the primaries but still be able to pivot in the general election to a younger generation , " Jones said . Politicians may pivot on same-sex marriage , but Bible-believing Christians should not -- even if public opinion turns against them , said Denny Burk , a professor at Boyce College , a Southern Baptist school in Louisville , Kentucky . "  For me , the number of people who come to the message is not the main issue . There are periods when the Gospel is popular and periods when it 's not . You ca n't base your evaluation of its truthfulness on its popularity at a given historical moment . " Still , Burk said he does n't doubt that more millennials accept same-sex marriage , and he fully expects the Supreme Court to legalize gay weddings countrywide this June when the justices render a decision in Obergefell v. Hodges . But the fight is far from over , Burk said . "  Just like we 've seen this decades-long culture war with abortion , we 're going to see the same thing with gay marriage . "	There are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it , according to a new poll If the U.S. Supreme Court has been paying attention , it likely saw this trend coming
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The White House did not intend to show any disrespect toward Nancy Reagan when it failed to invite the former first lady -- a vigorous supporter of stem-cell research -- to a bill-signing ceremony on the subject , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday . Nancy Reagan watches President Obama sign the Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission Act Tuesday . "  I think she speaks in real personal terms about the issue , " Gibbs told reporters . "  And I think her candor and her courage have been heartening , and we certainly meant no slight to her whatsoever . " On Monday , Vanity Fair published an interview with Nancy Reagan on its Web site in which she suggested the Obama administration missed an opportunity by not inviting her to witness President Obama signing a measure in March expanding federal support for stem-cell research . The former first lady has long promoted such steps despite objections from many in the GOP . She has argued that expanded stem-cell research could have helped her husband , who suffered from Alzheimer 's disease . "  I would have gone , and you know I do n't like to travel , " she told the magazine . Watch more on Gibbs ' reaction to the controversy " "  Politically , it would have been a good thing for  Obama  to do . Oh well , nobody 's perfect . He called and thanked me for working on it . But he could have gotten more mileage out of it , " she said . Gibbs ' comments also come the same day Mrs. Reagan attended a White House ceremony marking Obama 's signing of legislation authorizing a Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission . The 11-member commission will plan activities marking Ronald Reagan 's 100th birthday on February 6 , 2011 . Watch Obama laud Reagan 's optimism " Mrs. Reagan is slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of President Reagan on Wednesday morning at the Capitol and then share a private White House lunch with first lady Michelle Obama . Obama issued an apology to Mrs. Reagan earlier this year after joking in a news conference that she held seances during her years in the White House -- an apparent reference to reports she consulted with astrologists during her husband 's presidency .	Former first lady Nancy Reagan is a strong supporter of stem-cell research Mrs. Reagan tells magazine : Obama should have invited me to stem-cell bill signing She 's slated to attend the unveiling of a new statue of President Reagan Wednesday She witnesses signing of Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission legislation
The Supreme Court has dismissed an appeal over same-sex marriage on jurisdictional grounds , ruling Wednesday private parties do not have "  standing " to defend California 's voter-approved ballot measure barring gay and lesbian couples from state-sanctioned wedlock . The ruling clears the way for same-sex marriages in California to resume . The 5-4 decision avoids , for now , a sweeping conclusion on whether same-sex marriage is a constitutional "  equal protection " right that would apply to all states . Read the ruling At issue was whether the Constitution 's guarantee of equal protection under the law prevents states from defining marriage to exclude same-sex couples , and whether a state can revoke same-sex marriage through referendum , as California did , once it already has been recognized . But a majority of the Supreme Court opted not to rule on those issues . Instead , it ruled on "  standing " -- whether those who brought the suit to the court were entitled to do so . "  We have never before upheld the standing of a private party to defend a state statute when state officials have chosen not to , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . He was supported by an unusual coalition : fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia and more liberal Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer and Elena Kagan . By dismissing the case , the court leaves in place the lower court decision in California that allows same-sex marriage to be reinstated . The federal appeals court stay on the decision will be lifted . What 's next for gay rights movement ? Within hours of the ruling , California 's Gov. Jerry Brown said , "  I have directed the California Department of Public Health to advise the state 's counties that they must begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples in California as soon as the Ninth Circuit confirms the stay is lifted . " Brown , a Democrat , said he interpreted the high court opinion as making Prop 8 unconstitutional and unenforceable . The state 's Attorney General Kamala Harris agreed and urged the Ninth Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco to issue its mandate "  immediately . " But by law , that can not normally be done so for at least 25 days , to allow for possible new legal challenges . As soon as the court lifts the stay , "  the wedding bells will ring " said Harris on Wednesday . "  This is a huge day for California . " But there is legal uncertainty whether the high court 's ruling could be enforced statewide , or limited to only a few jurisdictions . It was act two in a closely watched pair of high court appeals over state and federal laws and the limits of recognizing the ability of gay and lesbian couples to wed. . The outcome of the rulings gives same-sex couples much to be encouraged about . California voters approved Proposition 8 in 2008 with 52 % of the vote shortly after the state Supreme Court ruled same-sex marriages are legal . The measure put gay and lesbian marriages on hold in the state , but a federal appeals court later rule Proposition 8 was unconstitutional . Two of the original plaintiffs -- Paul Katami and Jeff Zarrillo , a Burbank , California , couple who want to marry but could not because of Proposition 8 -- contended the state was discriminating against them because of their sexuality . "  This is about our freedom and our liberty , " Katami told CNN . "  We are not trying to topple marriage . We are not trying to redefine marriage . What we are trying to say is that equality is the backbone of our country . " Both they and Kristin Perry and Sandy Stier , the other plaintiff couple from Berkeley , were in the courtroom when the rulings came out . They were cheered when emerging from the court building . Their views were echoed by fellow same-sex marriage supporters , who rallied outside the court with the hope that the justices will eventually issue a broad ruling to strike down bans nationwide . In dissent , Justice Anthony Kennedy said the court 's majority ignored the initiative process that led to the passage of Proposition 8 . Key quotes from the ruling "  What the court fails to grasp or accept is the basic premise of the initiative process . And it is this . The essence of democracy is that the right to make law rests in the people and flows to the government , not the other way around . Freedom resides first in the people without need of a grant from government , " he said . "  The California initiative process embodies these principles and has done so for over a century . ... In California and the 26 other states that permit initiatives and popular referendums , the people have exercised their own inherent sovereign right to govern themselves . The court today frustrates that choice . " Kennedy was joined by Justices Clarence Thomas , Samuel Alito and Sonia Sotomayor . Some Prop 8 supporters argued the high court ruling means the voter referendum remains in place and enforceable . "  Proposition 8 being the law of the state of California makes it clear that marriage is only one man and one woman . The four plaintiffs that brought this lawsuit may have a right to get marriage licenses issued to them . But this was not a class-action lawsuit . It does not apply statewide , " said Austin Nimocks , senior counsel at the Alliance Defending Freedom . "  Because there 's no appellate decision holding it unconstitutional under the California Constitution , which is what controls this interpretation , Proposition 8 remains the law of that state . Kevin has a family : A same-sex couple 's remarkable journey The case is Hollingsworth v. Perry  12-144  .	The high court opts not to consider the issues of the appeal Instead , it rules on whether those who brought the suit to the court were entitled to do so State officials had refused to defend Proposition 8 after a California court suspended it Justice Kennedy , in dissent , says the court 's majority undercut the initiative process
CNN  -- For the billionaire who has everything , sometimes a superyacht just is n't enough -- that 's why the world 's wealthiest are buying "  gigayachts . " These boats are the ultimate status symbol -- a sign of eminence , power and a seemingly limitless supply of cash . And when it comes to showing off wealth and status it seems the rule is "  the bigger the better . " "  There 's definitely a ` mine is bigger than yours ' syndrome in this industry and there is a desire to have the best . That 's the great thing about these yachts , " said Jonathan Beckett , CEO of Burgess Yachts , one of the world 's leading yacht brokers . "  When you get up to ` gigayacht ' status , it is all about the best and these people are used to having exceptional possessions around them all the time , " Beckett continued . Although the term "  gigayacht " is not new , it is becoming increasingly prevalent as owners seek bigger and better yachts . "  There is no standard definition of what a gigayacht is , " says Paul Ashton , editor of SuperYacht World . "  A gigayacht I would say is anything that is over 220 feet  67 meters  where the majority of the yacht is customized and bespoke . " Their owners are part of a small but illustrious set that includes Russian oligarchs , Saudi royalty and international business tycoons . China 's super rich eye superyachts The yacht to beat is currently Roman Abramovich 's "  Eclipse . " The largest private yacht in the world at 163 meters long , "  Eclipse " is believed to feature around 24 guest cabins , two swimming pools and a mini-submarine , and was rumored to have cost between $ 540 million and $ 1.1 billion . Although not all gigayachts come with that pricetag , Ashton says the standard measure is around â ‚ ¬ 1 million  $ 1.36 million  per meter of length . "  That works to a certain extent , but you also have to take into consideration which yard it is made in and the bespoke details involved , " he said . While that pricing means gigayachts are strictly for the super rich , you get a lot of bang for your bucks , Beckett explained : "  There is nothing standard when it comes to this area of our market . But if you are purchasing a superyacht you would want a vessel that was transglobal and you 'd want a reasonable speed . "  You 'd probably want at least two helicopter platforms , so you can land your own helicopter and visitors can also land theirs , cinemas , hospitals , spas , large entertainments areas and hairdressing salons . "  These vessels have anything from 80 to 120 people onboard including the crew , so it 's a little town . " P. Diddy sails on $ 850,000-a-week superyacht controlled by iPad But it 's not all about status . The trend towards bigger yachts is due in part to new technological advances in the yachting industry as well as the changing lifestyles of gigayacht owners , says Becket . "  Going back to when I first started in the business , yachting used to be a form of camping almost , " he said . "  Nowadays , people are moving aboard their yachts and using them as a second home . "  Instead of going for one or two weeks , people will move onboard for the whole summer , " he said . The world 's second-largest gigayacht , the "  Dubai , " is a perfect example of this , says Ashton . Owned by Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , the ruler of the Emirate of Dubai and Prime Minister of the U.A.E , the "  Dubai " is a working boat as well as a holiday yacht . "  There is room onboard for all of the crew , but there are also 20-30 cabins for clerical and support staff that you need when you 're running your business from onboard , " said Ashton . But the financial crisis means even gigayacht owners are having to spend smarter , says Beckett . "  We 've got a whole new market landscape . No one 's looking to pay a strong price for a yacht , as they were pre-2008 , " he said . "  Then it did n't matter how much you paid , it was cool to pay top price , now it matters a lot . In today 's market it is cool to be paying a low price . " But , says Beckett , this does n't mean superyacht owners are going to scrimp on luxury . "  Oh no , they want it all , " he said . "  There is no compromise , except on the price . "	Gigayachts are viewed by some as the ultimate status symbol "  There 's a ` mine 's bigger than yours ' syndrome , " says yacht broker Jonathan Beckett Roman Abramovich 's Eclipse is 163 meters long - the biggest yacht in the world People using gigayachts as a second home , says Beckett
LifeWire  -- Shannan and Marty Boyer of Park Hills , Kentucky , faced a sudden financial quandary one evening . Their 5-year-old , Sean , had just lost his first tooth , and the Boyers realized they did n't know the Tooth Fairy 's going rate . Sean Boyer was overjoyed to get $ 5 from the Tooth Fairy : He 'd expected a quarter . "  My husband was like , ` Maybe we should give him a twenty ? ' And I said , ` No ! I used to get a quarter ! ' " says Shannan Boyer , 32 , a publicist . They settled on $ 5 , only to find their son in hysterics the next morning last December . "  He flipped his lid ! He 's like , ' I thought the Tooth Fairy only gave quarters ! I 'm going to be rich ! ' " she says . "  So then we had to backpedal . We said , ` Well , um , she probably does normally give just a quarter , but this was because it was your first tooth . " Call it the Tooth Fairy conundrum . When a child puts a tooth under her pillow , there 's a good chance her parents are in the next room scrounging through their wallets and scratching their heads . And for divorced parents , Mom and Dad run the risk of doubling up or making each other look stingy . Pre-emptive negotiation is key , says New York book editor Joshua Kendall , 32 , father of 6-year-old Sophie . "  When the first tooth came out , my ex-wife was out of town , but I called her husband so we could decide together how much to pay for each tooth , " says Kendall . "  We decided it 'll depend on tooth size . " A quarter does n't cut It At a time when it 's common for middle-class kids to receive pricey video game consoles and MP3 players as gifts , some families worry that a few quarters or even a dollar just wo n't be special enough to match their child 's excitement over that gap in his mouth . They also fear too much money could teach children that , in life , making bank is as easy as losing a tooth . Tiffany Bass Bukow , founder of MsMoney.com , likes the idea of using the experience to introduce the concepts of money and value . Parents , she says , can use the loot from that first visit to show a child how to divide up money for spending , saving and charity . But she cautions against giving too much . "  In general , I think people are overspending on their children , and that 's part of the reason why the generation coming up does n't have a great work ethic . " According to a 2006 survey of 150 mothers conducted by eBeanstalk.com , an online toy store , the Tooth Fairy is giving an average of $ 2.64 , with 60 percent of respondents reporting that they give less than $ 3 per tooth . Stray too far above the average and you 're bound to frustrate some other parents on the block . "  If one kid gets $ 20 and tells the kids at school , then other kids go home and are upset they got less , " says Dr. Rhea Haugseth , a pediatric dentist in Marietta , Georgia . She tries to keep the peace on the playground by dropping hints for parents during routine visits : "  When a kid says they 've gotten $ 20 , I 'll say , ` Wow , you must 've been the only kid to lose a tooth that night , because usually she only brings one dollar . ' " However , those who stray too far below the average -- or , at least , below their child 's expectations -- might find they have some explaining to do . Valuable lessons When his youngest son asked why he got $ 2 when some other kids at his Los Angeles school got $ 20 , branding specialist Rob Frankel decided to make it a business lesson . "  I told him it was actually a franchise , and that we were in a $ 2 territory . My wife did all she could to keep a straight face , " says Frankel , 50 . "  I was like , ` Do you know what a franchise is ? Well , McDonald 's does n't actually own each McDonald 's ... ' " Gerald Kimber White , 39 , a publicist in Norton , Massachusetts , also turned the event into a kind of Finance 101 . Two years ago , his son Henry , then 6 , announced that he wanted the cash the Tooth Fairy would give him for his first tooth , but he was n't ready to part with the pearly gem . "  So I said I 'd buy the tooth for him for $ 1 and would keep in a drawer so he could visit it , " says Kimber White . "  But it turns out that the conventional wisdom among first-graders was that the Tooth Fairy gives $ 2 . So he had to figure out what the value of the tooth was to him . Was it worth an extra dollar if it meant losing access to the tooth ? Or was it better to have a little bit of money and visiting rights ? " In the end , Henry went with the latter option . "  I liked his decision process , " Kimber White says . "  And I like that I 'm getting a better rate than the Tooth Fairy . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Anna Jane Grossman is a freelance writer in New York City .	Parents ' dilemma : Tooth Fairy 's price for a tooth Expert : Good time to teach kids about value of money Dad : His friend got $ 20 , I told my kid we lived in $ 2 franchise territory Child takes half price to gain toothy visiting rights
CNN  -- Justin Timberlake is an Entertainer . That 's JT , with a capital "  E " : Everyman , Everything and Everywhere right now . With the long-awaited release of "  The 20/20 Experience , " his first album in seven years , 32-year-old Timberlake has managed to endear himself to both women and men -- crafting an amalgam of talents that have made him a character not seen in a generation or two in show-business : The well-rounded performer . You wo n't find anyone else like him in music , or Hollywood for that matter . It 's an organic chemistry of likability : equal parts movie star , debonair showman , TV comedian and successful businessman . "  My idols have always been the types of guys who could do anything , " Timberlake told "  The Guardian " in 2011 . "  Gene Kelly , Fred Astaire , Sinatra , Dean Martin ; and when you look up to people like that , you do n't accept that you need to be compartmentalized . " "  I would n't call him Frank Sinatra , " "  Billboard " 's , Phil Gallo told CNN . "  I 'll go Bing Crosby because Bing Crosby was more of the , A , wise investor , B , very specific vocal style that evolves -- but you knew it was Bing , just as you know this is Justin . And the acting in the kind of movies they were -- arty , but they told a good story and they appealed to the audience of the day . " Timberlake 's business ventures are as diverse as professional sports franchises and golf courses , fashion , the Internet , and restaurants . Gallo added , "  Here 's somebody who really understands popular culture -- who knows a good project when it 's presented to him , that -- that captures a certain zeitgeist . " And then there 's the music . It , like the singer , oozes old school . "  I will not be the type of artist that puts out 10 to 15 albums , " Timberlake recently told "  Rolling Stone . " "  That 's just not who I am . They 're really special to me . I write music all the time , but until you really feel that desperate need to shout from the rooftops and express yourself in that way , I just kind of keep it to myself . I enjoy making music so much that if it does n't come out , that 's OK . " Once Timberlake decided that "  The 20/20 Experience " was worth sharing with the world , he and close friend and producer Timbaland agreed , he told "  Rolling Stone , " to make music "  without all the hoopla of , like expectations . Let 's just make something that feels genuine ... and ... for me , it 's the best stuff I 've ever done . " Timberlake from Tennessee Gospel is in his soul ; Elvis is the King . Justin Timberlake is a kid from Memphis , after all . Home was actually north of the big city : Millington , Tennessee . The grandson of a preacher and son of a choir director never passed up a chance to perform . Early videos of young Justin singing in church and in local shows reveal a boy who idolized Presley , and was himself becoming the performer with the something-special swagger . Bob Westbrook , who gave 8-year-old Justin his first real singing lessons , told CNN Timberlake 's X factor comes from "  his mannerism and his charisma , his hair , that whole bit , his natural stage feel . " "  People in the music industry always talk about this thing or that thing , but he definitely always had that thing . Always , " Trace Ayala , his best friend and William Rast business partner , added . The adult Timberlake now jokes about his lack of formal training , but still thinks his sound is from the past , "  Funny enough , I learned how to sing when I was a kid -LSB- by -RSB- imitating singers ... like Al Green and Don Henley . I was an only child and was obviously really bored , so I would entertain my parents by imitating cartoon voices like Scooby Doo , Boo Boo and others . So , you know that about me now , I guess . I 'm killing any cache of cool I 've managed to build up over the years , " he told "  Ask Men . " Ayala believes their hometown informs everything they do . "  Memphis is a very , very , very musical town , everything revolves around music . From the time we were little kids , you 'd go to dinner and the bar next door has a live band playing . So I feel like Memphis breeds that , or at least it brings it out in you , you know ? " 'N Sync to Solo In 1993 , Justin was singing , dancing and acting in the Disney Channel 's "  The Mickey Mouse Club " alongside a group who would later become a who 's - who of teenage idols , including Ryan Gosling , Cristina Aguilera , J.C. Chasez and future girlfriend Britney Spears . In 2000 , 'N Sync 's "  No Strings Attached " was the top-selling album of the year and Justin Timberlake 's picture was hanging inside the locker of teenage girls around the world . 'N Sync founding member Chris Kirkpatrick described to CNN what it was like working with him then : "  It 's almost like he is a perfectionist , but there 's no work involved . You know , it 's really just boom , boom , done . It 's like , ` There it is . ' One take Timberlake . ' " Timberlake 's writing skills were getting him noticed by other big acts , too . Michael Jackson wanted "  Gone , " a JT-penned 'N Sync song from their last album , "  Celebrity , " Timberlake 's manager Johnny Wright told CNN . "  We were at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Michael 's people came and they said , ` Hey , you know , I think Michael wants to record that record . ' I looked at Justin and I was like , You 're not giving that record away , because I knew how important that record was to him and what it meant for him as a writer to finally get songs . " But by 2002 , Justin 's high-profile relationship with Britney Spears was falling apart and 'N Sync went on hiatus . "  Everybody was kind of figuring out , ` What are we gon na do for the next six months ? ' " Wright recalled . "  And then Justin kind of tapped me and said , "  I know what I 'm gon na do . " He says , "  I 've had this music inside of me for quite a while . I 'm gon na take this time and I 'm gon na go make a record . " Then Justin launched the solo career that would define his next decade . His debut album "  Justified , " which spawned hits like "  Rock Your Body , " "  Cry Me a River , " and "  Like I Love You , " soon became hot enough to land him on the biggest stage of all . Super Bowl XXXVIII was broadcast live on February 1 , 2004 , from Houston on CBS . As "  Billboard " 's Gallo remembers it , "  Justin Timberlake is at the Super Bowl performing with Janet Jackson and he reaches over and he pulls away her top and he has now , apparently , committed the crime of the century . " A swift apology put Justin back on track , and his star continued to rise . His sophomore album , the club-friendly "  Future Sex/LoveSounds " gave us hits  and new vernacular  like "  Sexy Back " and "  What Goes Around ... Comes Around " in 2006 . That was the last new music we 'd hear from Timberlake until now , but in the meantime , his career would explode from Grammys to Emmys , music to movies , including the Academy Award-nominated "  The Social Network . " He began investing in business ventures that interested him , became a must-see host of "  Saturday Night Live , " and has shot films with major stars like last year 's "  Trouble with Curve " with Clint Eastwood , and the upcoming Coen Brothers ' "  Inside Llewyn Davis , " and "  Runner , Runner " with Ben Affleck . Then came the last six months . "  Suit & Tie " A fall wedding in Italy to actress and Hollywood crush Jessica Biel landed Timberlake back on magazine covers and back into water cooler conversation . He followed that up with the new album , released March 19 , led by the single "  Suit & Tie , " featuring Jay-Z . "  The 20/20 Experience , " which was completed in just four weeks , according to Wright , is currently on pace to sell 850,000 to 900,000 copies in its first week , likely knocking Mumford & Sons ' "  Babel " out of the top-selling slot of the year . On top of that , it was just announced that Timberlake will follow up the soulful album with an additional 10 tracks later this year . An immensely successful "  SNL " hosting gig preceded a week of instantly viral and hilarious appearances on "  Late Night with Jimmy Fallon . " Not only is Timberlake making what Kirkpatrick refers to as "  grown folks music , " he 's also "  doing a great job at reinventing himself , " the former bandmate said . "  The one thing I always say about Justin is he always had an eye and an ear for what 's next . Not what 's cool , but what 's next . "	Justin Timberlake is being called a modern-day Bing Crosby . The multi-talented star delivers not only in music but also in movies and on TV . "  The 20/20 Experience " is currently on pace to become the top-selling album of the year .
CNN  -- The first time I met Margaret Thatcher , she was already a fan of mine , or so she said . With my co-writer Antony Jay , I had created and written the first seven episodes of "  Yes , Minister , " a BBC TV comedy series about the British government The first four episodes had been written during the last year of Jim Callaghan 's disastrous premiership , which led to industrial paralysis and the so-called "  winter of discontent . " Practically every trade union went on strike about practically anything . The unions were running the country and , it has to be said , making a pretty bad job of it . I had always voted Labour , but the last straw for me was when six baggage handlers at Heathrow were sacked after they were found guilty in a criminal court of stealing from passengers ' luggage . The Transport and General Workers ' Union called a national strike , claiming the thefts were "  baggage handlers ' perks . " It was no surprise to me that Mrs. Thatcher won a big majority , and I was one of the many who voted for her . The BBC , showing its usual courage , had refused to put our series on the air until the election was over , for fear that the winner would claim a lack of impartiality and reduce its funding . We were flattered that a mere comedy series could be thought to have any influence over anybody , but to our surprise , it rapidly became a massive hit when it was broadcast early in Mrs. Thatcher 's rule . We learned that when it was on for half an hour every week , the business of the nation came to a standstill while MPs crowded into the many bars at the House of Commons to watch it . Of course , there could be no other possible reason for finding all the MPs in a bar , so that had to be it . Politicians and editors starting writing columns about "  Yes , Minister . " Tony and I were thrust blinking into the spotlight like a couple of anxious moles , pleased that people liked our show but with mixed feelings about celebrity . Fortunately , the celebrity interest focused on the actors because people , in spite of all the evidence to the contrary , seem to persist in the belief that actors make it all up as they go along . This put a frightful burden on Paul Eddington and Nigel Hawthorne , the stars of the show , to be tremendously witty and erudite every time they went on a chat show . Referring to our show , Mrs. Thatcher was quoted , "  Its closely observed portrayal of what goes on in the corridors of power has given me hours of pure joy . " This was stunning . First of all , it suggested that Mrs. T had a sense of humor , something that no one had hitherto suspected . I was surprised that she had time to watch it , as she was now becoming awfully bossy and I was beginning to feel that she should reciprocate : Her government certainly was n't giving me hours of pure joy . Mrs. Thatcher was changing Britain in many ways , both for better and worse . As France 's Charles de Gaulle said -- not about her but about himself , of course -- "  a great career is bound to involve many mistakes . " "  Yes , Minister " became known as Mrs. Thatcher 's favorite TV show , and this worried me because the program was carefully neutral from a political point of view . I started telling people that Tony Benn , the leader of what was known as "  the loony left , " liked it a lot , too . My queasy feeling , as one politician after another queued up to praise us , vanished as I realized why : Politicians love to watch anything about themselves on TV , and they are only interested in politics . Also , because our program showed how the Civil Service really runs Britain -- our version of checks and balances and the separation of powers -- we had unintentionally given politicians an alibi . The public understood for the first time that if politicians did n't keep their promises , it might be because they were obstructed by the Civil Service . So when I was invited to a big party at 10 Downing Street , I was not surprised . My wife and I walked up the grand staircase and there , at the top , was the Iron Lady herself and a major domo to announce us . I muttered my name to him . "  Mr. and Mrs. Jonathan Lynn , " he bellowed . Mrs. T held out her hand . I was ready for a normal handshake but was quite taken aback by what happened next : "  How do you do ? " she said with that curiously fake Eliza Doolittle diction as she gripped my hand and yanked me straight past her right shoulder . I shot into the Yellow State Room , crashing into a well-known TV personality , one Terry Wogan , knocking the drink out of his hand . As I started to apologize , my wife flew into the room and knocked into both of us . I started apologizing again . "  That 's all right , " said Wogan with a grin , "  That just happened to me , too . " More guests were cannoning into the party like billiard balls . Mrs. T could n't help demonstrating her strength , determination and eagerness to get on with things that were n't important . Subsequently we were invited to dinner there a couple of times . And then came that dreadful sketch . We were to be given an award by the National Viewers and Listeners Association , run by Mary Whitehouse , the UK version of Jerry Falwell . A scarcely believable message arrived at the BBC from Number 10 , saying that Mrs. T would present the award , that she had written a sketch and wished to perform it with our actors Paul and Nigel . It transpired that the scarcely believable message was not , in fact , to be believed : The sketch was written by her press secretary , Bernard Ingham . I learned recently that she rehearsed the sketch with Ingham and her private secretary no fewer than 23 times . Why were they not running the country instead , you might ask ? Answer : She was losing popularity and , though not very amusing herself , she knew the power of humor . She was co-opting the show to make people like her more . Ingham was n't a comedy writer , but as a publicist , he knew his stuff . The sketch was reported everywhere , seen on all the TV news shows and was carried live on radio . And when I was given the award , I thanked Mrs. Whitehouse and added , "  I should like to thank Mrs. Thatcher for finally taking her rightful place in the world of situation comedy . " There was a huge laugh , broadcast nationwide . The only person in the room who did n't laugh was Mrs. T. I was never invited to Number 10 again . But soon after , the actors were given honors , the CBE . Fair enough -- they made it up as they went along . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Lynn .	Margaret Thatcher said Jonathan Lynn 's co-written BBC hit "  Yes , Minister " was her favorite show Jonathan Lynn : MPs crowded into House of Commons bars to watch themselves satirized When she was losing favor , he says , Thatcher "  wrote " a sketch and starred as herself Lynn : Really written by a press secretary , it was a PR move to make people like her more
CNN  Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker will launch a new political organization in the coming weeks and has tapped a national political strategist to serve as his campaign manager should he decide to run for president , multiple GOP sources told CNN . Walker , who was sworn in to a second term in Madison this week , quietly brought on Rick Wiley , a former Republican National Committee political director and veteran of multiple presidential campaigns , about a month ago to build a political operation in advance of the 2016 race , the sources said . Walker 's moves are the latest in a swirl of recent activity from big-name Republicans eyeing a White House bid . Jeb Bush , Mike Huckabee , Rick Santorum have all maneuvered quickly since the New Year to hire staff , court donors and remove potential obstacles to running . Wiley , who declined to comment on the job , has been aggressively reaching out to potential staffers in recent weeks . And Walker himself will attend the RNC 's winter meeting in San Diego next week to meet with committee members , including delegations from the early primary and caucus states that kick off the presidential nominating process . One source close to Walker told CNN that the governor has no timeline for announcing a presidential bid but will be forming "  some kind of entity in the coming weeks to lend itself as a vehicle " -- likely a leadership PAC -- before moving forward with a full-blown campaign . Walker and his aides have said that he will not announce his intentions until after the Wisconsin legislative session concludes this year . A native midwesterner who once worked for the Wisconsin Republican Party , Wiley advised several gubernatorial campaigns , including Walker 's , during the 2014 election cycle . He was RNC political director in 2012 and previously worked on the presidential campaigns of Rudy Giuliani in 2008 and George W. Bush 's re-election in 2004 . Wiley had also been mentioned a possible campaign manager for New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . Wiley works at the same consulting firm , Mercury LLC , as a Christie 's chief political guru Michael DuHaime . "  The governor is definitely committed to putting a great team around him , " the source close to the Walker said . Walker has demonstrated his political toughness with three statewide victories in four years â $ " his 2010 election , a 2012 recall attempt after a bruising fight with Democrats and organized labor , and his 2014 re-election â $ " and has a tightly-knit crew of aides and loyalists in Wisconsin . But some conservatives writers and even members of his own team have said the governor needs to bring on more advisers with national experience if he hopes to win the GOP nomination in 2016 .	Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has tapped a national political strategist to serve as his campaign manager should he decide to run for president Rick Wiley is a former Republican National Committee political director and veteran of multiple presidential campaigns
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- An 11-year-old girl who lost her father made the world cry with her on Tuesday . Paris Katherine Jackson , 11 , said goodbye to her father at the close of the memorial service . "  Ever since I was born , daddy has been the best father you could ever imagine , " said Paris Katherine Jackson , the second of Michael Jackson 's three children , as a massive memorial service for her father neared its end in downtown Los Angeles . "  And I just want to say that I love him so much , " Paris added , before breaking down in tears and burying herself in the arms of her aunt , Janet Jackson . Her aunts , uncles and two brothers who were on stage at the Staples Center arena reached over to console Paris . Thousands of mourners in the audience dabbed their eyes with tissues . It was the first time they had heard from a girl who , along with her two siblings , have often been hidden by veils or blankets when seen with their father . Watch Paris Jackson give a tearful goodbye " "  Everybody just broke down , " said Tracie Laymon , a filmmaker from Los Angeles , who was in the audience . "  Wow , it was really powerful . " It was the same refrain from other fans as they left the star-studded service or watched the broadcast on their television sets or online . At some points during the 90-minute program , global Web traffic was 31 percent above normal , said Akamai Technologies , which monitors Internet traffic . Watch report on Facebook tributes " Aisha Morgan said all the television stations at her workplace in Kingston , Jamaica , were turned to the memorial -- "  from upper management , all the way down . " "  Some persons cried , " said Morgan , who sent in a photo to CNN 's iReport . "  The atmosphere in one department was like a funeral . " Inside the Staples Center , Jackson lay at the foot of the stage in a closed , rose-draped , bronze casket . His brothers , who served as pallbearers , wore single white sequined gloves , a tribute to Jackson 's signature look . Singers and sports celebrities took the stage and shared what Jackson meant to them . Between them , the performers have 40 Grammy awards -- a fitting tribute to a man who alone earned 13 in his lifetime . Jackson died on June 25 of cardiac arrest . The exact cause of death is pending toxicology tests , but speculation continues to swirl about the role of prescription drugs . Brother Marlon Jackson was among some who alluded to the controversies that surround the pop icon in death . The world , he said , could not understand what Jackson endured "  being judged and ridiculed . " "  How much pain can one man take ? " Marlon Jackson asked . "  Maybe now , Michael , they will leave you alone . " Pomp and precaution The morning began with a half-hour gathering for several hundred family and friends inside a chapel at the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn cemetery . Jackson 's casket -- bronze with 14-karat gold plate handles , a velvet-lined interior and a reported price tag upward of $ 20,000 -- was then placed in a hearse for the 10-mile trip to the arena . The motorcade of black limousines and sports utility vehicles to the arena was accompanied by police cruisers and motorcycles , which shut down freeway ramps and caused a miles-long traffic backup . Three thousand police officers , almost one-third of the Los Angeles police force , were on hand to ensure the Jackson events proceeded smoothly , Los Angeles Assistant Police Chief Jim McDonnell said . Watch report from CNN.com 's Nicole Lapin from L.A. " In comparison , about 2,000 officers were deployed for the parade and celebration at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum for the L.A. Lakers ' NBA championship victory last month . The mayor 's office estimated the cost for security for the Staples ceremony to be between $ 2 million and $ 4 million . And the city , which is $ 530 million in debt , set up a Web page asking Jackson fans to donate money to help with expenses . Leading into the event , police repeatedly asked fans without tickets to the service to watch from home . And , putting their worst-case scenarios to rest , fans seem to have complied . McDonnell said ticketless fans outside Staples numbered 5,000 or fewer , much lower than what police had anticipated . Inside the arena , Jackson 's older brothers carried the coffin to the front of the stage , which was designed to resemble a church sanctuary with a stained-glass backdrop . "  Soon and very soon , we are going to see the King , " sang the Andrae Crouch Choir . Tears and testimony Singer Smokey Robinson set the tone for the event when he read a heartfelt letter from Diana Ross . Ross , a long-time friend that Jackson named as alternate guardian to his children in his will , explained in her letter why she was not there : "  I am trying to find closure . I want you to know that even though I am not there at the Staples Center , I am there in my heart . I have decided to pause and be silent . This feels right for me . Michael was a personal love of mine , a treasured part of my world , part of the fabric of my life in a way that I ca n't seem to find words to express . " She then added : "  Michael wanted me to be there for his children , and I will be there if they ever need me . " A bevy of singers took the stage next , none of whom was listed in a scrapbook of Jackson photographs that fans were handed when they walked in . Watch Lionel Richie perform " Among them were Mariah Carey with Jackson 's "  I 'll Be There " ; Lionel Richie with "  Jesus is Love " ; Usher with "  Gone Too Soon " ; John Mayer with an instrumental "  Human Nature " ; and 12-year-old Shaheen Jafargholi with "  Who 's Lovin ' You . " Watch Usher choke up during his performance " Jackson had invited the star from "  Britain 's Got Talent " to his planned series of sold-out London shows , according to show director Kenny Ortega . "  This is a moment that I wished that I did n't live to see come , but as much as I can say that and mean it , I do know that God is good , " singer Stevie Wonder said before launching into an emotional rendition of his 1971 song , "  Never Dreamed You 'd Leave in Summer . " Another wrenching moment came at the end of Jennifer Hudson 's performance of Jackson 's "  Will You Be There . " A recording of Jackson reciting the end lyrics flashed on a giant screen as the music played . Watch Hudson sing in tribute " "  In our darkest hour , in my deepest despair , will you still care ? Will you be there ? " the words said . "  In my trials and my tribulations , through our doubts . " The Rev. Al Sharpton echoed those sentiments -- and got the loudest applause -- when he said he wanted Jackson 's three children to know that there "  was nothing strange about your daddy . " Watch Sharpton 's powerful tribute to Jackson " "  It was strange what he had to deal with , but he dealt with it . " "  Every time he got knocked down , he got back up , " he said . "  Every time you counted him out , he came back in . Michael never stopped , Michael never stopped . " More emotional tributes followed from former Los Angeles Lakers legend Magic Johnson , actress Brooke Shields and brother Jermaine Jackson , among others . Photos : Celebrities remember Jackson " "  I truly believe that Michael made me a better point guard and basketball player as I watched him be so great and be the greatest entertainer ever , " Johnson said . Shields , who was 13 when she became close friends with Jackson , said they bonded "  because we both understood what it was like to be in the spotlight from a very , very young age . " Watch Shields smile through her tears " "  Both of us needed to be adults very early , but when we were together , we were two little kids having fun , " Shields said . Jermaine Jackson struggled to stay composed as he soldiered through "  Smile , " one of his brother 's favorite songs . As he left the stage , the surviving Jackson brothers hugged him . Watch Jermaine Jackson 's emotional performance " "  It was beautiful , heartbreaking but beautiful , " said Maryss Courchinoux , who flew in from Paris , France , for the memorial . As the show ended , stars and family members walked on stage for "  We are the World , " a song Jackson co-wrote with Lionel Richie . Watch a star-studded performance of ` We are the World ' " Jackson 's three children -- ages 7 , 11 , and 12 -- sang along as they swayed by their aunts ' side . Before she left the stage , Paris took the microphone and fought back tears to deliver her short tribute to her father . "  None of us were aware they -LSB- the children -RSB- were even coming , " said Ortega , who directed the service . "  It was a surprise they were there . All of us who know them were delighted they were strong enough to come and feel this love and great outpouring for their dad . ... A little girl could n't love her papa more . " CNN 's Paul Chase , Kara Finnstrom , Lisa Respers France , Ethan Harp , Todd Leopold , Thom Patterson , Denise Quan , Nicole Saidi , Mallory Simon , Aspen Steib , John D. Sutter and Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	Paris Jackson 's touching tribute to father not planned , service coordinator says Michael Jackson 's older brothers carry his coffin into Staples Center Tuesday Rev. Al Sharpton to his children : There "  was nothing strange about your daddy " Singers , speakers include Usher , Brooke Shields , Stevie Wonder , Jennifer Hudson
CNN  -- A tornado touched down Monday afternoon in Rutherford County , Tennessee , authorities there confirm . The tornado was on the ground for about 4 1/2 miles , said Joe Gourley of the Rutherford County Emergency Management Agency . Fewer than a dozen homes suffered minor to moderate damage , trees were toppled and roads were blocked , Gourley said . Minor damage was reported across much of the state after a line of severe thunderstorms swept through . The National Weather Service dispatched a team to survey possible tornado damage in Dickson County near Vanleer , where a homeowner said his barn was destroyed and several large trees were uprooted . There were also reports of at least one mobile home destroyed and others damaged in the area . No injuries were reported . Students were evacuated at Fairview Middle School in Franklin after lightning struck the school , causing a fire on the roof . All students were safe , school officials said on Twitter .	Severe storms sweep across Tennessee ; no injuries reported Mobile home , other structures reported damaged or destroyed Middle school evacuated after lightning causes fire on roof
CNN  -- When the series "  ER " airs its finale on Thursday , the event will not only mark the completion of one of NBC 's most successful shows , but it can also be viewed as the end of an era for the network . NBC 's "  ER , " which ends on April 2 , helped launch the careers of several actors , including George Clooney . "  What 's so symbolic about ` ER ' leaving is that that 10 o'clock Thursday night slot started out what I always called the beginning of the second golden age of television with ` Hill Street Blues ' , " said Robert Thompson , a professor and founding director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . "  In almost a quarter of a century it went from ` Hill Street Blues ' Thursday at 10 to ` L.A. Law ' Thursday at 10 to ` ER ' Thursday at 10 . ` ER ' is kind of occupying sacred space . " Beginning this fall , such prime time real estate , which also previously housed another acclaimed hospital drama , "  St. Elsewhere . " will be occupied by a new talk show helmed by "  The Tonight Show " host Jay Leno . It 's a significant move for NBC in an age where sitcoms and dramas have increasingly given way to the less-expensive-to-produce reality TV shows . "  ER , " which at one point was paying millions of dollars per episode just in actor salaries , definitely fit into the realm of costly productions . Despite the price tag , the show ran for 15 seasons and is the most Emmy-nominated series in television history with 122 nominations , 22 of which resulted in wins . Check out a timeline of the show 's actors " It almost never made it out of a pile of scripts . Created by the late author Michael Crichton and steered by the creative team at Steven Spielberg 's Amblin Entertainment , the concept did n't immediately tickle the fancy of television honchos . "  Every network had passed on it , twice , " the show 's longtime executive producer , John Wells , told The New York Times . "  It had all these characters and medical dialogue , and they found it utterly impossible to follow . " Once it did get the green light , it caught on like a house afire . "  ER " quickly attracted legions of fans and catapulted many members of the ever-changing ensemble cast to superstar status -- most notably George Clooney , who played hunky Dr. Doug Ross . Baltimore Sun television critic David Zurawik , who writes about the industry in the paper 's "  Z on TV " blog , said there may never be another collection of such talent in an ensemble drama on network television . "  There 's just no way in the business model of network television for a producer out in Hollywood to say ` Here 's the concept , and I 've got this star , this star and this star , ' " Zurawik said . "  By the time they got two sentences out , the production studio head they are pitching would say ` Who 's going to be paying for that . ' The economics for that are just not there , and neither is the audience . " Zurawik noted that audiences and actors alike now have gravitated to cable television , where dramatic hits such as "  Mad Men " and "  Rescue Me " are being produced by the likes of AMC and FX . "  Cable is growing whereas network TV is n't , " Zurawik said . "  The better actors , the ones who work in film and theater , really like doing cable because cable has been flexible . It 's not , if you sign on to this series you are going to do 22 episodes a year and you have to sign away five or six years of your life . Nobody wants to do that anymore . " Former Dallas Morning News TV critic Ed Bark , who now runs the site Uncle Barky 's Bytes , said he believes in the coming years most of the Emmy-caliber shows will be on cable . Cable television benefits , he said , from the double revenue stream of both money from advertisers and subscribers , so there is not the ratings pressure network television has . Moreover , high-quality dramas are valuable calling cards , he added . Cable stations have been successful at branding themselves based on some of the shows they are producing . "  A lot of times , it takes one show to get people to look at your network as a place where you can see quality drama , " Bark said . "  For FX , it was ` The Shield . ' For TNT it was ` The Closer . ' For AMC , it was ` Mad Men . ' I think once you get an audience over there , you build on that . " However , at least some of cable 's audience gains come at the expense of network TV 's audience , which has shrunk substantially in the 15 years since "  ER " went on the air . Indeed , the drama 's demise is symbolic of long-term programming trends , said Thompson . The TV and pop culture professor , who has written several books on television , said NBC choosing to cede 10 o'clock to a talk show rather than another great drama speaks volumes , though he would n't count out the genre entirely . "  This is not a good time to buy television drama futures , but I do n't think they are going to die , " Thompson said . "  The TV drama is going to be like the American bison . There used to be herds and herds of them roaming the country . They 're not dead , but there are just not as many . "	"  ER " ends its NBC run on Thursday , April 2 , after 15 seasons Drama to be replaced by new Jay Leno talk show The popular show had continued long tradition of drama in 10 p.m. slot Cable television now drawing audiences for popular dramas
CNN  -- U.S. coach Eddie O'Sullivan said he "  could n't be more proud " of his players after Thursday 's hard-fought 13-6 victory over Russia at the Rugby World Cup in New Zealand . It was the Eagles ' first win of the tournament , after a 22-10 defeat to O'Sullivan 's native Ireland on Sunday , with a superb 18th-minute try from scrumhalf Mike Petri after proving to be the difference between the two sides in wet conditions in New Plymouth . The Russians , making their World Cup debut , took an early 3-0 lead through a penalty from flyhalf Yury Kushnarev , but the U.S. rallied despite several misses from goalkicker Chris Wyles and the Bears were left with just a solitary bonus point to show for their efforts . "  It was a great victory for us , " former Ireland coach O'Sullivan told the World Cup 's official website . "  I thought it was a good match in these conditions . As a coach I could n't have asked for more . I could n't be more proud of these boys . " The Americans also beat Russia by a seven-point margin the last time they met , at the Churchill Cup in June , but U.S. captain Todd Clever said Nikolay Nerush 's side were making impressive progress . "  I was very nervous at the end but they are a tough , tough team , " the 28-year-old said . "  They are improving every time we play them and are getting better and better . " Russia 's team director Kingsley Jones was satisfied his players were able to run the U.S. close , but the 42-year-old former Wales flanker bemoaned the mistakes made by the team . "  Certain errors cost us the game , " Jones said . "  We did n't use our opportunities . Unfortunately , the lineouts did n't function but the team have come a long way to be competing right until the end of the game . " The U.S. now sit third in Pool C , level on points with Ireland in second but having played one game more . O'Sullivan 's team next play two-time world champions and current group leaders Australia on September 23 , but face an uphill task to notch just a fourth victory in the four-yearly tournament 's history . The other two were against Japan in 1987 and 2003 . Russia 's next opponents are Italy , who lost their opener 32-6 to Australia on Tuesday , then the Wallabies and Ireland .	The U.S. beat Russia 13-6 to win their first match of the Rugby World Cup The match in New Plymouth was Russia 's first at a World Cup A converted try from scrumhalf Mike Petri proves the difference between the teams The Americans next face Australia , while Russia take on Italy
CNN Student News  -- January 17 , 2014 On the last day of the school week , we 're reporting on a presidential push concerning college attendance . We also remember the "  miracle on the Hudson , " and we discuss the driving force behind auto shows . And when a twin gives up her spot on the U.S. Olympic team so that her sister can go , we find a great Character Study . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What messages do you think an audience gets from media coverage of a presidential summit ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . Ariel Sharon was a former prime minister and military leader of what country ? 2 . What Major League Baseball player is appealing the longest suspension in his sport 's history for alleged doping ? 3 . What 's the term used to explain presidential appointments that are made when the Senate is not in session ? 4 . What unit of measurement is often used to describe the level of water or air pollution ? 5 . What country recently expelled American journalist David Satter ? 6 . In what country would you find the city of Bangkok , where thousands recently protested their nation 's government ? 7 . Where was a U.S. Consulate attacked by terrorists on September 11 , 2012 ? 8 . What term refers to ISPs  internet service providers  not "  discriminating " against different kinds of Internet content ? 9 . What tech company paid $ 3 billion for Nest , which makes home thermostats and smoke detectors ? 10 . In what New York river did a U.S. Airways passenger jet make a "  miracle " landing five years ago ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
In the run-up to the Israel elections , two pieces of conventional wisdom were making the rounds among analysts , diplomats and experts : First , Benjamin Netanyahu would win big , and second , the victory would propel him on a collision course with Barack Obama , a second term president seeking to do something serious on the peace issue . The first proved to be dead wrong . The second will probably follow suit . "  Bibi " Netanyahu has just been re-elected prime minister , no less for the third time . But do n't get out the popcorn and turn out the lights just yet . The sequel to the Obama-Bibi wars is n't about to begin . Sure , their relationship has been perhaps the most dysfunctional in the history of U.S.-Israeli ties . And there are bound to be plenty of downs in the next several years , particularly if Netanyahu is forced to form a narrow right-wing governing coalition . But the U.S.-Israeli relationship is simply too big and important to fail , particularly now . Netanyahu 's party wins but centrists flex muscle , polls show Indeed , given the real prospects that the new Israeli coalition will include Yair Lapid 's centrist party  whose surprise showing of 19 seats may make him a coalition lynchpin  and maybe another moderate faction if Lapid wo n't sit with other right-wingers in the coalition , the two leaders may have less reason to fight and more reasons to cooperate . Here 's why . Second term illusion The notion that a second-term president freed from the constraints of re-election will now hammer an Israeli prime minister with a big peace initiative just does n't add up . First , there 's no precedent for such a thing in American policy toward the Arab-Israeli negotiations . Bill Clinton 's push at Camp David in July 2000 -- the precedent most often cited -- came not from Clinton , but at then-Prime Minister Ehud Barak 's urging . Second , it 's the presence of opportunity , not the absence of political constraints or the desire to get even and settle scores , that leads a U.S. president to act . A quick look around and any sentient human being would see that a grand deal between Israelis and Palestinians is n't possible now . Lapid 's presence in the coalition may restrain some of the Israeli right 's ambitions to expand settlements , but it is n't enough to support a full-scale push toward a comprehensive peace . Indeed . Lapid 's focus was on economic issues and national service , not on negotiations with the Palestinians . The suspicions between Israelis and Palestinians are too deep , the gaps on the issues too big , and the political houses on each side too divided . More likely , the new Netanyahu government will focus on some kind of interim accord with the Palestinians . And that leads us to the second reason that a big fight is likely not in the offing . Why fight about nothing ? Fighting with an Israeli prime minister  and the Arabs , too  is a part of the job description of serious American mediators . But the fight needs to be productive and worth the effort . Right now , there 's nothing to fight about because there 's no conceivable Israeli-Palestinian agreement in the offing . You fight when you think there 's a way to produce an agreement that would justify the risks of a confrontation , not when you 're certain to fail . For Obama , whose domestic agenda will require an enormous expenditure of political capital at home , neither fighting with Republicans and Democrats over pressure on Israel nor launching an initiative that fails is smart politics . John Kerry needs a friend We are going to have a new secretary of state who will have responsibility -- assuming he can convince the president to let him handle the issue -- for dealing with the Israeli-Palestinian problem . The last thing Kerry wants is a worsening of ties between Obama and Netanyahu that makes it impossible for him to do his job on such a key issue . If Kerry wants to have a chance of succeeding -- even to manage the problem -- he 'll need a relationship with Netanyahu based on some measure of confidence and trust . This is even more important given the absence of such trust between Obama and the prime minister . Bush 41 and then-Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir did n't get along . James Baker managed to hammer out a working relationship with Shamir , tense at times but functional . Without it , there would have been no Madrid peace talks . If Kerry is smart , he 'll keep the door to Netanyahu open and try to see if he ca n't reach some understanding with the prime minister . If he ca n't , there will be plenty of time to fight later . The Iranian Issue The big reason why Bibi and Obama will likely have a stake this time around in more cooperation and less friction is Iran . The fact is neither Obama , the mullahs , nor Netanyahu wants a war over the nuclear issue . But avoiding one will require the closest of cooperation between Jerusalem and Washington . There 's an expectation that 2013 will be the year of decision on the Iranian nuclear issue . Maybe yes , maybe no . But that expectation alone will require intimate coordination to prevent a unilateral Israeli strike , to see whether diplomacy can produce an Iranian-American deal and to determine whether it can be sold to Israel . If not , and no diplomatic fix to the nuclear issue is possible , American-Israeli understandings will be required on a military option . Either way , neither the United States nor Israel can avoid a public falling out over Iran or a major split over how to manage the problem . Simply put , the U.S.-Israeli relationship is too big to fail . That does n't mean there wo n't be real differences over settlements , for example , that wo n't cause friction . But on the two biggest issues of the day , how to manage Iran and the Palestinians , there ca n't be solutions without close Israeli-American cooperation . It 's legacy time . This is Obama 's last term as president and perhaps Netanyahu 's last term as prime minister . Obama does n't want to be the U.S. president on whose watch Iran crossed the nuclear weapons threshold and certainly neither does Bibi want to be the Israeli prime minister held responsible . It would be nice to imagine that the two can sit down and reach a broad strategic understanding -- first we deal with Iran , and if we succeed through diplomacy or even war , then let 's find a way to preserve the two-state option for Israel and the Palestinians . But even if this does n't happen , these two leaders are inexorably bound together . They 're never going to love each other . But I 'm betting they 'll find a way to get by without a major fight neither wants . The fact is the protection of Israeli and American interests and regional stability in a volatile , turbulent Middle East depends on it .	Benjamin Netanyahu is headed for third term as Israel 's prime minister Aaron Miller : Results of election mean he will likely ally with moderate faction He says that dynamic will reinforce need for close cooperation between Obama , Bibi Miller : The two leaders may not like each other , but they need each other now
