CNN  -- "  Where do you live ? " Facebook highlights territorial disputes , such as one between Israel and Syria over Golan Heights . Seems like a simple question , does n't it ? But the answer is not clear-cut for everyone . Take people who live in Srinagar , the capital of Kashmir , which is wedged between India , Pakistan and China . India and Pakistan have gone to war repeatedly over the disputed territory . Technically , it 's "  Indian-administered . " But on Facebook , it 's simply in India . Shujaat Bukhari , a journalist in Srinagar , was slightly uncomfortable about the classification . "  As far as the traditions of the people are concerned , the political issues , it might not match with the people 's mindset , " he said , even while conceding it could be seen as accurate . "  It is administratively part of India , so as far as that is concerned , it is correct , " he said . "  But it does n't gel with the mood of the people . " The Indian government is very sensitive about how international media organizations characterize Kashmir , he said by phone from Srinagar . "  If the Economist  magazine  publishes a map which is related to India or Kashmir , if that map is not acceptable to the Indian government , they put a stamp when  the magazine  reaches India saying these maps should not be treated as as authentic , " he said . Srinagar is just one of many examples of the diplomatic minefields social-networking sites can stray into when seeking basic information about their users . Facebook recently changed its listing for the Golan Heights -- which Israel captured from Syria in 1967 -- so users there could choose to say whether they live in Israel or Syria . It was responding to pressure from a pro-Israel group called HonestReporting -- and from Facebook users who set up a group on the site itself called "  Facebook , Golan Residents Live in Israel , not Syria . " "  It is not for Facebook to decide the national origin of Golan residents , " the group says on its page . Facebook may have pleased pro-Israel users there by giving them the choice to say where they live , but not all Syrians were happy about the change . "  I think Facebook sort of shot itself in the foot to make it optional for the Golan to say this is part of Israel , " said Ammar Abdulhamid , a Syrian scholar based in the United States . "  This is against international law , " he said . And the Golan is only the tip of the iceberg . Jerusalem , which remains hotly disputed between Israel and the Palestinians , is simply in Israel as far as Facebook is concerned . Tibet 's capital Lhasa is in China on Facebook , although many Tibetans and their supporters reject China 's rule of Tibet . The "  Free Tibet " group on Facebook has nearly 188,000 members . Russia and the former Soviet republic of Georgia briefly went to war last summer over the breakaway Georgian territories of Abkhazia and South Ossetia , but the Abkhaz capital Sukhumi is listed as being in Georgia on Facebook . Two pro-independence Abkhaz Facebook groups have about 1,200 members between them . The social-networking site "  deals with the listings for disputed territories on a case-by-case basis , " Facebook representative Debbie Frost told CNN by e-mail . She said the site -- which recently announced it has 300 million users -- consults the International Organization for Standardization , the United Nations and other global organizations . "  We also may consider other factors when trying to determine if dual listings would make sense for a given city or region . For example , Srinagar -- the example you gave -- is in the Indian-administered region , and has been since 1947 , " she said . "  We will continue to look at the listings we provide and may offer more dual listings in  the  future . We will also listen to requests from our users and in the cases of disputed territories we may try to come up with options that enable them to choose one of two countries , " she added . Bukhari , the journalist in disputed Srinagar , suggests that Facebook "  should have a separate section for disputed areas . " That 's a solution that Yahoo appears to have embraced -- up to a point . It offers "  disputed territory " as an option for users creating a new account , but wo n't actually register a new account if users choose that option . It does allow users to say they are from Taiwan -- which China considers a renegade province and is not represented at the United Nations -- and the "  Occupied Palestinian Territories . " But it does not appear to allow users to create an account if they choose "  Occupied Palestinian Territories . " It does not offer Tibet , Kashmir or Abkhazia . Google , for its part , offers Taiwan and "  Palestinian Territories , " as well as Western Sahara , a breakaway region of Morocco that is not recognized internationally . It does not offer Tibet , Kashmir or Abkhazia . Neither Yahoo nor Google responded to repeated CNN requests for comment . But if Facebook 's experience with the Golan Heights is any indication , they may all be getting comments from users soon enough . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo and Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	Facebook 's "  Where do you live " question causes problems for some Those who live in disputed territories are unsure how to answer The social network says it deals with the issue on a "  case-by-case " basis Facebook allows Golan Heights residents to choose "  Syria " or "  Israel " as home
CNN  -- When "  Game of Thrones " returns with season four , Kit Harington 's Jon Snow is going to look a little different . After that nasty bird attack and run-in with wildling Ygritte , the character 's face "  is not OK , " Harington told Access Hollywood . "  It 's far from OK ! I have to have scars this season . ... Then obviously I 've been shot in the back with arrows , so , that hurt . " Even with those injuries , Snow is still as war-ready as ever -- and it sounds like he 'll have to be in season four . "  He 's a bit in the wars , old Jon Snow , " Harington said . "  And it does n't get any easier this season . It 's kind of high-octane , action-packed . " Lena Headey , who turned heads at the Emmys in a lacy , sheer black gown , did n't go into details , but she did say that "  the stakes are higher than they ever have been . ... It 's just getting better and better . " And by "  better , " she could mean "  bloodier . " According to Harington , there will be "  more deaths this season than any other ! ... You 'd think they 'd tone the deaths down , but they do n't . They 've realized that 's a successful option , so they 're just killing more people than they 've ever killed . " Lest fans worry that season four will be nothing but death , Harington confirmed that the HBO series will still have "  plenty of sex . "	Kit Harington talked about the new season at the Emmys The actor says his character , Jon Snow , will have scars from an attack Fans should also expect plenty of death Lena Headey adds that the "  stakes are higher than ever "
CNN  -- Health officials announced Friday a campaign to vaccinate more than 20 million children against polio and other diseases across much of the Middle East . "  The headline is the Middle East is reinfected , " said Dr. Bruce Aylward , the World Health Organization 's assistant director-general for polio , emergencies and country collaboration . The announcement , by WHO and UNICEF , comes a week after an outbreak of polio was confirmed in Syria for the first time since 1999 . Ten children have been left paralyzed , and hundreds of thousands are at risk . Given that the virus paralyzes anywhere from 1 in 200 to 1 in 1,000 of the people it infects , "  that means you 've got probably thousands infected , " Aylward told CNN in a telephone interview . "  So , if you do a campaign to respond , it would have to cover basically all of Syria . " Most of the victims are younger than 2 years of age , born since violence erupted in March 2011 , wracking the country and shredding its once-robust public health infrastructure . "  We will expect to see more cases , certainly in Syria if not in surrounding countries , " Sonia Bari , a spokeswoman for polio eradication for WHO , said in a telephone interview . Syria 's immunization rates have dropped from more than 90 % before the conflict began in March 2011 to 68 % now , the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , or OCHA , said Friday in a prepared statement . Already , more than 650,000 children in Syria have been vaccinated , including 116,000 in the northeast province of Deir Ezzor , where the outbreak was confirmed , the OCHA statement said . The campaign also will target Egypt , Iraq , Jordan , Lebanon , Turkey , and the West Bank and Gaza . Over the past year , the virus has been discovered in sewage samples from Egypt , Israel , the West Bank and Gaza , a region that has not seen polio cases for nearly a decade , it said . Transmission of the virus occurs through close person-to-person contact and consumption of food or drink contaminated with feces . "  Preliminary evidence indicates that the poliovirus is of Pakistani origin and is similar to the strain detected in Egypt , Israel , the West Bank and Gaza Strip , " the OCHA statement said . Pakistan is one of three countries -- the others are Nigeria and Afghanistan -- where polio remains endemic . But Aylward said health officials have a good chance of halting its spread in Syria , where 1.6 million children are to be vaccinated against not only polio , but against measles , mumps and rubella . "  They have a great history of vaccination in Syria ; the immunity gap is in a relatively small part of the population , " he said . In addition , the region is entering its cool season , when transmission would typically slow , he said . Aylward said he met last week with Syria 's minister of health and was impressed by the response . "  Everybody 's playing ball , " he said . But it 's a dangerous game . "  The virus is unforgiving -- both what it does to kids and what it does to epidemiologists trying to stop it , " he said . Over the past few days , more than 18,000 children at Zaatari refugee camp in Jordan have been vaccinated , with a national goal of reaching 3.5 million people . Vaccinations have also begun in western Iraq , with more planned for the Kurdistan Region in the north in coming days . And the campaign is slated to begin this week across Lebanon , and in Turkey and Egypt by the middle of this month . Though there is no cure for polio , it can be prevented through vaccination , which is credited with slashing cases around the world by more than 99 % since 1988 .	NEW : "  The Middle East is reinfected , " says WHO polio expert Ten children have been paralyzed , and hundreds of thousands are deemed at risk "  We will expect to see more cases , " says a WHO spokeswoman Vaccination rates in Syria have plummeted after the start of the civil war
Washington  CNN  -- Officials are hopeful that the chamber containing the Lincoln statue at the Lincoln Memorial , which was vandalized overnight , can be reopened sometime Friday , National Park Service spokeswoman Carol Johnson told reporters . The memorial 's portico -- the columned area outside the chamber -- should be reopen before that , in the late morning , she said . Workers are cleaning the paint that had been splashed onto part of the marble statue , she said . Watch : Obama surprises visitors at the Lincoln Memorial Vandals splashed green paint on the base of the statue overnight , prompting officials to temporarily close the marble fixture on Washington 's National Mall , authorities said . Police were alerted just before 1:30 a.m. and found paint splattered on the leg and base of the 19-foot-tall statue of Abraham Lincoln , U.S. Park Police Capt. Steven Booker told CNN on Friday . There were no discernible letters or markings . The memorial will be closed until it is cleaned up , Booker said . The memorial , one of the more iconic features of Washington , honors the 16th U.S. president . The marble statue of a seated Lincoln resides in nearly 100-foot-high columned marble building facing the U.S. Capitol and the Washington Monument . More than 6 million people visited the Lincoln Memorial in 2012 , the National Park Service says . Dedicated in 1922 , it has been the site of a number of protests and gatherings , including the 1963 March on Washington , during which Martin Luther King Jr. gave his famous "  I Have a Dream " speech from the steps of the memorial . See also : Controversial MLK Memorial inscription to be removed CNN 's Diane Ruggiero and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Paint is splattered on a leg and base of the 19-foot Abraham Lincoln statue , police say The Lincoln Memorial is closed until the paint can be cleaned up No timeframe of the closure is given
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi vowed Tuesday that "  we will not surrender , " even as NATO airstrikes bombarded his compound in Tripoli . "  I am now speaking as planes and bombs fall around me , " Gadhafi said in a live audio broadcast on state television . "  But my soul is in God 's hand . We will not think about death or life . We will think about the call of duty . " At least three explosions rocked Tripoli late Tuesday night ; it was not immediately clear what they hit . Earlier in the day , NATO targeted a military base and Gadhafi 's compound , state television reported . A spokesman for the Libyan government said that at least 31 people were killed , including a number of civilians , and dozens more were wounded after 60 missiles struck the capital city . The compound was under "  intensive continuous bombardment , " according to state TV , which reported buildings and infrastructure were destroyed . "  We will not surrender , we will not give up , " Gadhafi said . "  We have one option -- our country . We will remain in it 'til the end . Dead , alive , victorious , it does n't matter . " The blasts Tuesday , and others Monday that Libyan officials said hit state television buildings , elicited heated responses from the government spokesman . "  We believe NATO understands that its military campaign is failing miserably , " said spokesman Musa Ibrahim . "  No one has the right to shape Libya 's future except for Libyans . " Ibrahim said Tuesday 's morning blasts hit the popular guard compound and revolution compound , which are military barracks near Gadhafi 's Bab al-Aziziya compound . The spokesman said the attack on the television network killed two people and wounded 16 . NATO disputed the account . "  We did not target or hit the Libyan broadcast facilities . What we did target was the military intelligence headquarters in downtown Tripoli , " the alliance said . "  The story coming from Libyan officials that we targeted and hit the state broadcaster 's building is bogus . " The back and forth between Libyan officials and NATO continues a public relations war between the two sides . Libyan officials have continually charged that NATO airstrikes have damaged civilian facilities and killed hundreds of civilians . NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said recently that his forces have made "  significant progress " in its U.N. Security Council mandate to protect Libyan civilians . This week , the Libyan government said it had evidence that alliance airstrikes were harming civilians . Officials took journalists to Tajura , a city east of Tripoli , to show them a small crater that held what appeared to be the remains of a rocket . The reporters were also taken to nearby homes that the government said had been damaged by airstrikes . NATO said it had been active in the area hitting military sites but could not say whether the attacks had caused the damage in the residential area . Reporters were also taken to a nearby hospital to see Nasib , a comatose baby who was a victim of the airstrikes , the government said . A woman , who the government said was Nasib 's mother , cried over the child 's listless body . Journalists were not allowed to talk to the woman or to the doctors . But one doctor quietly slipped a note to one of the journalists that said the girl was injured in a car accident , not a bomb attack . British Foreign Secretary William Hague , speaking Tuesday to British lawmakers , said the European Union has added six additional ports controlled by pro-Gadhafi forces to its sanctions list in an effort to starve Gadhafi 's troops of military supplies . He said the United Kingdom intends to push for additional sanctions against Gadhafi 's regime . "  Any political settlement in Libya requires an end to violence and Gadhafi 's departure , " Hague said . CNN 's Raja Razek , Dan Rivers and Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 31 killed in Libya , including civilians , Libyan government spokesman says Gadhafi speaks as his compound is bombarded by NATO airstrikes "  Dead , alive , victorious , it does n't matter , " he says in vowing to stay until the end At least 35 loud explosions are heard around midday in Tripoli
CNN  -- David Haye is to defend his world heavyweight title in an all-British clash with former Olympic gold medallist Audley Harrison . The two former friends and sparring partners will go head-to-head on November 13 in Manchester , England , and announced the bout at an ill-tempered press conference . Haye won the World Boxing Association 's heavyweight crown when he defeated Russian Nikolay Valuev in November last year . He then successfully defended his title against American veteran John Ruiz in April . Harrison shot to prominence when he won a gold medal in the super heavyweight division at the Sydney Games of 2000 but has struggled to fulfill his potential since . The 38-year-old won the European Boxing Union 's heavyweight title when he beat fellow Brit Michael Sprott in April . Haye recently failed to negotiate a fight with either Vitali Klitschko , the World Boxing Council heavyweight champion , or his brother Wladimir , the holder of the World Boxing Organization and the International Boxing Federation heavyweight belts . Haye told the press conference : "  I do n't believe Audley deserves a shot but fortunately , or unfortunately for him , there 's enough people who want to see him finally destroyed . "  I get more emails to fight Audley Harrison than anyone else in the world . People want me to close the curtain on the joke that is the Audley Harrison show . "  Audley has known me for years , he knows how devastating I am in the ring . He knows it first hand from sparring sessions . I 'm no joke . "  I 'm the most devastating fighter on the planet . This is the time your career gets well and truly finished . " The bout is the most high-profile all-British heavyweight clash for 17 years , since Lennox Lewis stopped former champion Frank Bruno to defend his WBC crown in Cardiff . Harrison , who will get his first chance at a world title since turning professional after his Olympic success , told the press conference : "  He -LSB- Haye -RSB- is a guy I groomed . I have tasted his punches and power and he never hurt me in a training session . "  This is my destiny - on 13 November Audley Harrison will be champion of the world and of that there is no doubt . If David Haye thinks I 've taken this fight strictly for a payday , he is in for a rude awakening . "	WBA heavyweight champion David Haye is to fight ex-Olympic gold medallist Audley Harrison All-British clash is to take place on November 13 in Manchester The pair used to be friends before a public war of words erupted last year Haye says fans have been begging him to finish Harrison 's career once and for all
CNN  Sigma Alpha Epsilon is under fire for a video showing party-bound fraternity members singing a racist chant . SAE 's national chapter suspended the students , but University of Oklahoma President David Boren took it a step further , saying the university 's affiliation with the fraternity is permanently done . The news is shocking , but it 's not the first time SAE has faced controversy . SAE was founded March 9 , 1856 , at the University of Alabama , five years before the American Civil War , according to the fraternity website . When the war began , the group had fewer than 400 members , of which "  369 went to war for the Confederate States and seven for the Union Army , " the website says . The fraternity now boasts more than 200,000 living alumni , along with about 15,000 undergraduates populating 219 chapters and 20 "  colonies " seeking full membership at universities . SAE has had to work hard to change recently after a string of member deaths , many blamed on the hazing of new recruits , SAE national President Bradley Cohen wrote in a message on the fraternity 's website . The fraternity 's website lists more than 130 chapters cited or suspended for "  health and safety incidents " since 2010 . At least 30 of the incidents involved hazing , and dozens more involved alcohol . However , the list is missing numerous incidents from recent months . Among them , according to various media outlets : Yale University banned the SAEs from campus activities last month after members allegedly tried to interfere with a sexual misconduct investigation connected to an initiation rite . Stanford University in December suspended SAE housing privileges after finding sorority members attending a fraternity function were subjected to graphic sexual content . And Johns Hopkins University in November suspended the fraternity for underage drinking . "  The media has labeled us as the ` nation 's deadliest fraternity , ' " Cohen said . In 2011 , for example , a student died while being coerced into excessive alcohol consumption , according to a lawsuit . SAE 's previous insurer dumped the fraternity . "  As a result , we are paying Lloyd 's of London the highest insurance rates in the Greek-letter world , " Cohen said . Universities have turned down SAE 's attempts to open new chapters , and the fraternity had to close 12 in 18 months over hazing incidents .	Sigma Alpha Epsilon is being tossed out by the University of Oklahoma It 's also run afoul of officials at Yale , Stanford and Johns Hopkins in recent months
CNN  -- The death toll from massive floods in Pakistan rose to 1,497 on Friday as U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon said the crisis is a "  slow-motion tsunami " that is expected to grow . The number of homeless as a result of flooding has doubled to 4 million . Ban urged the international community to give more aid during a special fundraising meeting Thursday night . "  Make no mistake , " he said . "  This is a global disaster , a global challenge . It is one of the greatest tests of global solidarity in our times . " The U.N. secretary-general , who traveled to Pakistan last weekend to visit sites devastated by the disaster , said almost 20 million people need shelter , food and emergency care . "  That is more than the entire population hit by the Indian Ocean tsunami , the Kashmir earthquake , Cyclone Nargis , and the earthquake in Haiti -- combined , " he said . Are you there ? Share your photos and videos The United Nations has already appealed for $ 460 million over the next three months , Ban said , and although donors delivered more than a half , the available resources are not sufficient to meet the needs on the ground . The European Commission has pledged 40 million euros  $ 51 million  since July 31 for the flood victims . It said it will mobilize an additional 30 million euros  about $ 38 million  . "  This disaster is like few the world has ever seen . It requires a response to match , " Ban said . "  Pakistan needs a flood of support . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who also attended the General Assembly meeting , announced an additional $ 60 million in U.S. aid . The funds bring to $ 150 million the amount pledged to Pakistan by the United States . "  I want the people of Pakistan to know : The United States will be with you through this crisis , " she said . "  We will be with you as the rivers rise and fall . We will be with you as you replant your fields and repair your roads . And we will be with you as you meet the long-term challenge to build a stronger nation and a better future for your families . " Clinton urged other nations to help the nation meet its funding goals . Analysts have blamed "  donor fatigue " for the delay in aid . Pakistan has been on a seemingly constant round of donor needs -- to revive its feeble economy , to fight the Taliban and to recover from the 2005 Kashmir earthquake and the 2009 refugee crisis .	U.N. chief calls Pakistan floods "  a global disaster " The number of homeless doubles to 4 million Almost 20 million people need shelter , food and emergency care
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Democrats proposed a $ 110 billion measure Thursday to put off mandatory across-the-board spending cuts set to take effect March 1 . The package made public by Senate Democratic leaders calls for replacing the so-called sequester cuts with a combination of increased tax revenue from millionaires , ending agriculture subsidies and reducing defense spending after the war in Afghanistan ends . Republican leaders in Congress have demanded that Democrats come up with a plan for avoiding the imminent cuts , technically known as sequestration . However , the GOP opposes any increase in tax rates or other steps to bring in more tax revenue , saying the nation needs to reduce the cost of government . Kerry : Cuts would hit foreign aid , diplomatic security "  I would respectfully disagree that the American people are going to suddenly demand more tax hikes , " an aide to Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said . A White House statement said that opposing what it called the balanced plan by Senate Democrats would amount to prioritizing "  tax loopholes that benefit the very few at the expense of middle - and working-class Americans . " The issue extends a long-running political dispute over government spending and federal deficits that dominated President Barack Obama 's first term , as well as his successful re-election campaign last year . Republicans were forced to concede on their steadfast opposition to increased taxes by agreeing in January to higher rates on top income earners as part of a deal to avoid some of the harshest impacts of what was known as the fiscal cliff , which included the sequester cuts and automatic tax hikes . Napolitano : Spending cuts will hurt homeland security That agreement put off action on the sequester cuts , which were mandated by a 2011 agreement to raise the federal debt ceiling . The purpose of the deep cuts to all discretionary programs and the military was to motivate Congress to reach a comprehensive deficit reduction agreement that would replace it . However , such a deal has proved impossible , leading to the imminent application of $ 85 billion in spending cuts for 2013 and almost $ 1 trillion over 10 years . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and other officials warn that the cuts will have a dire impact on government operations and military readiness . The Pentagon would absorb about half of the reductions . While the White House and congressional leaders from both parties oppose sequestration , the approach for averting it has become the latest congressional showdown involving ideological differences over the size and role of government . House Speaker John Boehner noted on Thursday that the House passed bills last year to prevent the cuts from affecting the military , but Senate Democrats never acted . "  Those days are over , " Boehner declared , but he also signaled a willingness to negotiate with the Senate over any legislation it sends over . "  It 's time for the Senate to do their work . We can ... if they 're willing to pass a bill , we 'll find some way to work with them to address this problem . " Panetta : World is watching U.S. on budget The plan unveiled Thursday by Senate Democrats would just replace the cuts through the end of this year , leaving time for possible negotiations on a broader deficit-reduction package that would eliminate sequestration entirely . The Democrats proposed $ 54 billion in revenue by implementing the "  Buffett rule , " a principle by billionaire financier Warren Buffett that he should n't pay a lower tax rate than his secretary . Under it , anyone with adjusted income of more than $ 1 million after charitable deductions would pay a minimum 30 % tax rate . Other revenue measures in the package include ending tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas and closing tax loopholes for the oil industry . In addition , the package would cut military funding starting in 2015 , following the planned end of U.S. combat operations next year in Afghanistan . It would also end agriculture subsidies for a total saving of $ 55 billion . "  Billions in direct payment subsidies are paid out even in good times and for crops farmers are n't even growing , " explained Sen. Debbie Stabenow , D-Michigan , who chairs the Senate Committee on Agriculture , Nutrition and Forestry . Panetta said Wednesday that Congress needs to put aside party and ideological divisions that he called "  the greatest concern I have for our national security . " He expressed concern over how the world will view the United States if it fails to avert sequestration . "  What  other countries  worry about is what I worry about , which is whether or not we can govern and whether or not we can face the tough decisions that have to be made and resolve those , " Panetta said . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : The White House urges Republicans to favor the middle class over tax loopholes The plan raises taxes on millionaires , ends farm subsidies and cuts defense spending An aide to Sen. Mitch McConnell says Americans oppose higher taxes Spending cuts to take effect March 1 absent congressional action to avert them
CNN  -- If the Tour de France founder Henri Desgrange could have magically transported himself forward to the100th edition and discovered that the hot favorite was Kenyan-born Briton Chris Froome , with not a French contender in sight , then he might have abandoned the idea altogether . Desgrange and his editorial colleagues on the newspaper L'Auto came up with the idea of a cycle race around France to boost its flagging circulation and a non-French winner was the last thing they would have wanted . Maurice Garin duly obliged in the 1903 edition , but more importantly the "  Grand Boucle " had successfully captured the French public 's imagination and with the exception of two world wars has been raced every year since . Despite a raft of doping scandals -- this year 's Tour is the first since Lance Armstrong confessed to cheating and was stripped of his seven titles -- and the tragic deaths of leading riders such as Tommy Simpson and Fabio Casartelli -- its popularity as the greatest free sporting spectacle in the world has endured . For a race conceived by a journalist , it has undoubtedly provided rich material to fill countless column inches , not to mention ample opportunities for their photographic colleagues to capture the drama of the moment and France 's stunning scenery . Mapping Le Tour , published in conjunction with the centenary race , chronicles the history of the race in images and route maps of each year , plus a stage-by-stage preview of the 2013 edition . It reveals that the Tour has visited every region of France apart from Corsica -- so fittingly , and to mark the special anniversary , this year 's race will start Saturday with three road stages on the hilly Mediterranean island . World 's greatest tourist destination The peloton returns to the mainland for a short team time trial in Nice before setting off on a clockwise route around France . For the first time since the 2003 race , which marked the actual centenary of the Tour , all 3,360 kilometers will be on French soil , a move designed organizers say to "  showcase the splendors of the world 's greatest tourist destination . " Froome , who began his cycling career racing BMX and mountain bikes near his birthplace of Nairobi , and the other leading contenders will be too busy to appreciate the delights of the terrain in the Alps and Pyrenees , but for the millions of spectators who line the route it 's an added attraction . Last year Froome finished second to Team Sky teammate Bradley Wiggins as he became the first British rider to win overall honors in the famous three-week race . Last month Wiggins withdrew from the 2013 edition after sustaining injuries in the Giro d'Italia , leaving the way apparently clear for Froome to lay his claim to the storied yellow jersey . "  It 's got to be our focus to try and get yellow , make that the number one goal , " Froome told the UK 's Press Association on the eve of the race Friday . His Australian teammate Richie Porte is also tipped to fulfill the major supporting role that Froome himself played for Wiggins last year . "  I do n't see why Porte could n't be on the podium come Paris , " Froome added . "  There 's a lot of road ahead but that would be the dream scenario for us . " Doping controversies But as the riders gathered in Corsica , the shadow of doping controversies continued to hog the headlines . Armstrong was quoted in the French daily Le Monde claiming that the route to success still lay in taking performance enhancing drugs . "  It 's impossible to win the Tour de France without doping because the Tour is an endurance event where oxygen is decisive , " he said . The disgraced Texan -- who dominated the Tour from 1999 to 2005 , added : "  I simply took part in this system . I 'm a human being . " Coming a week after Armstrong 's arch rival Jan Ullrich finally confessed he too had taken blood boosting drugs such as EPO , it was the last thing the organisers needed as the sport seeks yet another fresh start . Australian BMC rider and 2011 champion Cadel Evans , one of the major challengers to Froome , took exception to Armstrong 's remarks . "  I think the opposite . I am proof that that is not true , " Evans told gathered reporters in Porto-Vecchio . "  I sometimes read in the press what Armstrong says and I respect him as a human being , but really I just focus on doing my own job as best I can and fortunately we are supported by a great group of people . " Angry Hinault Five-time Tour champion Bernard Hinault strongly defended his sport when asked about Armstong 's reported comments by CNN affiliate BFMTV . The French legend said that if other sports were as tightly controlled as cycling "  we would be laughing for five minutes . " He angrily added "  one has to stop thinking that cyclists are drug addicts , thugs . " Froome 's other likely rival , Spaniard Alberto Contador , has himself served a ban after giving a positive test for the banned steroid clenbuterol on the way to winning the 2010 edition , the title later awarded to Andy Schleck of Luxembourg . Saxo-Tinkoff 's Contador has always protested his innocence and his route to redemption may well lie in the 2013 race , which takes in 28 mountain ascents , four of which finish at the top , suiting his climbing abilities . Away from the battle for yellow , sprinting stars such as Britain 's Mark Cavendish and Slovakian Peter Sagan will battle it out for the green points jersey on the flatter stages . Cavendish , led out by Wiggins , crossed the line first on Champs Elysees last year , his 23rd Tour stage win , closing fast on the all-time record of 34 by the five-time overall winner Eddy Merckx of Belgium . International appeal It is unlikely a home rider will add to France 's record 38 overall victories , the last of which came from Hinault back in 1985 , but Desgrange would surely have been proud of how his creation has gained such international appeal . Since it 's first incursion into the Netherlands in 1954 , the Tour has visited major capitals such as London and Berlin , while the 2014 race will start in the English northern county of Yorkshire . American Greg Lemond , an outspoken critic of Armstrong , was the first non-European winner of the Tour in 1986 and Wiggins ' historic victory last year is likely to continue this trend as the well financed Team Sky squad has the resources and rider lineup to dominate for the foreseeable future . Pictures courtesy : Â © MAPPING LE TOUR by Ellis Bacon , published by Collins .	Kenyan-born Briton Chris Froome favorite for 2013 Tour de France 100th edition of the famous race founded by Henri Desgrange History littered with tragedy and doping scandals First Tour since Lance Armstrong confessed to cheating
It has been 35 years since a group of Iranian students stormed the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and took a group of Americans hostage . You have seen this story play out in movies like "  Argo " and shows like "  Homeland , " but here are six things about the Iran hostage crisis that you may not have known . 1  This conflict is often described as the United States ' first brush with political Islam . In 1979 , the Ayatollah Khomeini installed an anti-Western Islamic theocracy , which replaced the pro-Western monarchy of the Shah of Iran . The U.S. was referred to as "  the Great Satan " by the new Iranian government , and Iranians looked at the United States with suspicion because of its role in keeping the Shah in power . Iranians felt the United States meddled too much in Iran 's internal affairs , and were afraid the CIA was plotting to return the Shah to power . The Ayatollah himself blessed the hostage-taking at the embassy , further fueling the government 's hard line against the United States . 2  The U.S. Embassy in Tehran warned Washington the embassy would be attacked . By October 1979 , the Shah had fled Iran and was staying in Mexico . There , doctors discovered the Shah was suffering from an aggressive cancer and recommended he be admitted to a hospital in the United States . The situation in Tehran was already tense , and the head of the diplomatic mission at the U.S. Embassy in Tehran sent several cables to Washington , saying that if the Shah was allowed to come to the United States for treatment , the embassy would be taken . President Jimmy Carter allowed the Shah into the United States , with much hesitation , and the Iranians were outraged . They saw this as an excuse to bring the Shah to the United States to plot his return to power . This was just weeks before the embassy was attacked . 3  Some of the hostages were beaten and tortured , and even underwent a mock execution . Iran has maintained a narrative that the hostages were treated well , but that is not true . Not all the hostages were treated the same . The two women , Ann Swift and Kathryn Koob , said they were treated "  correctly " by their captors , but others , including Al Golacinski , John Limbert and Rick Kupke , were subject to a mock execution , where they were awakened in the middle of the night , forced to strip to their underwear and marched to a room in the basement where their guards made it seem they were about to be executed by firing squad . The guards fired their weapons , but they were not loaded . Then the guards laughed . Why did they do it ? Limbert said it was because "  they thought it would be fun . " 4  The hostages were released only after President Reagan was sworn in . Ted Koppel described this as the Iranians ' last act of cruelty toward President Carter . Even though the United States and Iran had come to an agreement to free the hostages in December , the Iranians waited literally until the hour President Reagan was sworn in before allowing the plane with the hostages to take off . The Iranians had a deep hatred of Carter and wanted to deny him this last moment of victory as President . 5  After the hostages were released , they met with President Jimmy Carter . William Daugherty , who was held in solitary confinement for almost the entire time he was a hostage , said , "  It was not a warm welcome " when Jimmy Carter flew to the U.S. military base in Germany to meet the hostages right after their release . The hostages were split on their thinking . Many felt they were left unprotected in the embassy after Carter made the decision to allow the Shah into the United States . Daugherty said that during the meeting , Carter went around to hug all the hostages , and many remained still with their arms at their sides and did not return his hug . 6  The former U.S. Embassy in Tehran has been preserved as a museum . The embassy in Tehran is now an Islamic cultural center and a museum , preserved from the days when it was a prison in 1979 . It stands as a symbol of the Iranian revolution , and is known in Iran as the "  den of spies . " Old typewriters , communication equipment , even old visa photos , are on display . Every year on the anniversary of the hostage taking , Iranians hold rallies where "  Death to America " is chanted , just as it was in 1979 .	The siege of the U.S. Embassy in Iran was 35 years ago Some American hostages were subject to a mock execution Iranians waited for President Reagan 's inauguration before releasing the hostages The embassy in Tehran is now an Islamic cultural center
CNN  -- Do n't run , Hillary . Nobody is saying the former secretary of state , New York senator , U.S. and Arkansas first lady , and Yale-trained attorney is not qualified for the White House . In fact , she may have one of the most impressive rÃ © sumÃ © s to ever be submitted for the job . Clinton has a breadth of experience that indicates she has every capability needed to be president of the United States . But it is time for America to move on . The first argument against another Clinton candidacy is generational . Baby boomers need to release their arthritic fingers from the torch of leadership and pass it off to another generation . Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Barack Obama will have accounted for 24 years of the presidency by 2016 , which seems more than sufficient . Clinton 's election potentially extends boomer influence in a manner that risks creating a generation gap that further increases political disaffection among young voters . Age is another important consideration , regardless of howls of outrage on this question by her supporters . Clinton would be 69 when she raised her right hand for the oath of office . She would be the second-oldest person to become president -- younger than Ronald Reagan by several months . The pressures of the White House amplify the afflictions of time . Arguably , an optimal president combines an earned wisdom and natural intellect with the residual energy of youth . No one does this by turning 70 during their first year as president , which would be Clinton 's status . How long can Hillary Clinton wait ? Although doctors pronounced her perfectly healthy after a recent scare with a blood clot on the brain , the probabilities of geriatric disease in office are very real for someone who might be 77 at the end of a second term . Reagan 's comportment during his last years suggests that he had already begun moving behind the veil of Alzheimer 's . This is not ageism . An accumulation of years defines our range of capabilities , physically and intellectually , and the Clintons as well as the nation need to confront the question of whether a person in their mid-70s is the best to serve as president . The obvious answer is no . There is , nonetheless , no underestimating the cultural importance of the first female president and the glory it will bestow upon history 's grandest democracy . The Democratic Party , too , will have an interest in being the political organization that gave the country its first female as well as African-American presidents . Clinton , who is properly positioned with experience , has other challenges that impede her getting a chapter in future textbooks as the first woman in the Oval Office . America is weary of limited political choices and dynasties . A second Clinton presidency might culminate in 28 years of Clinton-Bush control . We are , more than ever , a nation that desperately needs to renew itself with what is different and hopeful and visionary . Unfortunately , there is too much that is predictable with a second Clinton candidacy . No one needs a time machine to look into the future and see the grainy video in TV attack ads with a baritone voice rattling on about Benghazi or mumblings about how her husband enriched himself by accumulating a net worth of $ 55 million since leaving office . Hillary on possible presidency : ` I 'm realistic ' "  Do n't the Clintons have enough ? " the voice would ask . "  And has n't America had enough of the Clintons ? " In spite of the fact that Clinton 's accomplishments as secretary of state are significant , including diplomatic efforts that averted a war between Israel and Hamas , she is likely to be forced to endure campaign onslaughts accusing her of character flaws for forgiving her husband 's indiscretions , which means the electorate probably has to endure at least some painful flashbacks . This is not , however , a recommendation to back away from a fight . Clinton has proved that her political knuckles are toughened with gristle , and she can skillfully marginalize absurd allegations from her opponents . Instead of running and winning a fierce campaign , there might be a more honorable endeavor for the former secretary of state . There is always a right moment to leave the stage , and failing to recognize that timing can lead to a lingering image that , in the longer term , overwhelms the accomplishments of a person in the prime of their powers . Hillary Clinton can make a gracious exit . Yes , she has every right to run for president and is brilliantly qualified for the job . That does not mean , however , she is the best person at this time in America 's narrative . There is also nothing inexorable about anyone 's presidential candidacy , regardless of how vehemently it is argued by Clinton 's backers . Presumptive candidacies , which appear initially like logical choices that are the consequence of devotion and hard politics , often tend toward failure . The Dole , McCain and Romney nominations , presumed candidates with generationally disconnected politics , have sundered the GOP 's power for possibly decades . Running for president because it is expected and seems like an obvious decision are clearly not the right motivations . Clinton 's service to her country has already transcended even the starry-eyed youthful dreams she shared with her husband . Beyond her time in office as U.S. senator , and as secretary of state , and as counsel to Bill during his presidency , the namesake foundation she leads with her husband and daughter is having a profound impact in this country and internationally , facilitating education , health care and nutritional programs . That nonprofit needs her guidance and initiative . America , though , is ready for different choices representing a new generation for president . Do n't run , Hillary . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James C. Moore .	James Moore : Hillary Clinton is brilliantly qualified to be president Moore : But it is time for America to move on to a new generation of leaders He says age is an important factor ; do we want another Clinton dynasty ? Moore : Hillary can make a gracious exit ; U.S. should look forward rather than back
CNN  -- They 're late to the party , but the spooks have finally joined Twitter . And -- who knew ? -- they have a sense of humor . At 1:49 pm ET on Friday , the Central Intelligence Agency sent its first-ever Twitter message , from a verified account with the simple handle of @CIA . With characteristic secrecy , it said : "  We can neither confirm nor deny that this is our first tweet . " The Internet immediately erupted with delight . Within two hours the message had been retweeted more than 85,000 times , the CIA had gained more than 105,000 followers , and the jokes were flowing faster than Claire Danes ' tears on "  Homeland . " " @CIA how does it feel to be followed for once ? " replied one Twitter user . Social media outreach does seem like an odd fit for a shadowy spy agency whose work is mostly classified . But the CIA , which also joined Facebook on Friday , is trying to brighten its public face . "  By expanding to these platforms , CIA will be able to more directly engage with the public and provide information on CIA 's mission , history , and other developments , " said CIA Director John Brennan in a statement . "  We have important insights to share , and we want to make sure that unclassified information about the Agency is more accessible to the American public that we serve , consistent with our national security mission . " The agency also promised to post "  the latest news , statements , and career information " from the CIA , along with artifacts from the CIA 's museum , updates from its World Factbook and unclassified intelligence information . By launching officially on Facebook and Twitter , the CIA is expanding its limited online presence beyond its public website , Flickr and YouTube accounts . Compared to some rival government agencies , though , it 's got some catching up to do . The National Security Agency joined Twitter in 2009 , the FBI joined in 2008 and those early adopters at the State Department joined in 2007 .	The Central Intelligence Agency finally joins Twitter , Facebook Its first Twitter message : "  We can neither confirm nor deny that this is our first tweet " Within two hours the message had been retweeted more than 85,000 times
CNN  -- "  My brothers . " That is how President Obama should begin one of the most significant speeches of his presidency : the commencement address at Morehouse College this Sunday . Addressing the historically black all male institution gives Obama an opportunity to rectify his strategic neglect of African-Americans . In this high-profile talk to his own demographic , the president has some explaining to do . Obama 's identity as a black man is usually communicated subliminally , with the swag in his walk , the basketball court on the East Lawn , the sexy glances at the first lady , his overall cool . Now , however , comes the time to be explicit : to speak out loud his affiliation , his fraternal pride and concern . That 's the good work that calling us "  brothers " would do . In appearances before African-American audiences , the president sometimes sounds like he 's saying the wrong thing . He told the Congressional Black Caucus to "  stop grumbling , stop complaining , stop crying . " In a Father 's Day talk at a black church in Chicago , he criticized "  too many fathers " for "  acting like boys not men . " African-American men certainly could use an intervention from the most successful African-American man in history . They are on the bottom of many indicators of achievement . They suffer the highest level of incarceration , and the largest homicide rates , of any Americans . In urban areas , fewer than half graduate from high school . Their unemployment is among the highest in the country . "  I 'm sorry I have n't done more . " The president has not spoken out forcefully against racial profiling and mass incarceration . He has not memorialized the mainly African-American victims of gun violence in Chicago the way he has memorialized the mainly white victims of gun violence in Newtown and Columbine . Asked why he had n't done more to remedy the catastrophic rate of African-American unemployment , Obama said , "  I ca n't pass laws that say I 'm just helping black folks . I 'm president of the entire United States . " "  Thank you for your support . " Nobody understands , like this audience will , the contortions a successful African-American man has to make to fit in but stand out , to be strong but not intimidate or frighten , to be black enough but not too black . But in some ways the African-American community has been too understanding . Emanuel Cleaver , while chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus , said "  the president knows we are going to act in deference to him in a way we would n't to someone white . " Politically it was not the smartest thing to say  the LGBT community did n't turn Obama into the most gay friendly president in U.S. history by going easy on him  but any black man could understand the sentiment . That 's why the African-American turnout for the president 's re-election was higher than the white turnout . Now blacks who supported the president are doing exactly what other groups responsible for his victory are doing : waiting for him to return the favor . "  We 've all got to do better . " The president is n't the only black man who needs to step up support of his brothers . My friend runs a mentoring organization for black boys in Prince George 's County , Maryland , the nation 's most affluent black community . There is a long waiting list of boys , mostly without dads in the home , and only about 10 active African-American male mentors . President Obama provides , for Morehouse men and everyone else , a 21st century model of African-American masculinity . His oft stated support for women 's rights is a crucial component . The casual misogyny of some black popular culture , especially hip-hop music and videos , is a disgrace . It 's OK for the president to note that not every aspect of black male culture is praiseworthy . "  That includes me . " The government 's primary intervention for black men is to lock them up . President Obama can not , on his own , reverse this course , but he can do much more than he has to disrupt the flow of the one in three young black men who are headed to prison . One example would be to speak in favor of decriminalizing marijuana , as have other politicians like New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo . Black men are selectively arrested for marijuana crimes , and these arrests have a stigmatizing effect on future employment and earnings that redounds to the detriment of African-American families . Barack Obama was once a young black man who smoked pot , and it would be surprising if he actually believes that it 's fair for other young black men to be selectively prosecuted for that . "  I am the most powerful man in the world , and I 've got your back . " Those are words profound enough to make a black man cry . I believe them to be true , but hearing them proclaimed out loud would be incredibly meaningful . African-American men feel a special kinship with this president . How inspiring it would be for the president to acknowledge this connection , in his words and in his actions . What a difference it might make for the millions of black boys who now are headed to destinies very different from graduating from Morehouse College or becoming president of the United States . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Butler .	Paul Butler : At Morehouse commencement speech , Obama must show grads he 's a brother He says blacks have supported him even as they 've felt neglect as he 's balanced his role He says Obama should thank grads for support , provide role model of 21st century masculinity Butler : Obama must show he 's engaged on issue of disproportionate incarceration
CNN  -- Federal judges tentatively ruled on Monday that California must reduce the number of inmates in its overcrowded prison system by up to 40 percent to stop a constitutional violation of prisoners ' rights . California must cut the number of inmates in its prison system by up to 40 percent , judges have ruled . "  Overcrowding is the primary cause of the unconstitutional conditions that have been found to exist in the California prisons , " the court concluded . California state officials , including Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , immediately promised to appeal the case to the U.S. Supreme Court , if necessary . "  The governor and I strongly disagree with this ruling , " said Matthew Cate , California 's corrections and rehabilitation secretary . Implementing the court 's ruling would result in up to 58,000 prisoners being released , Cate said , describing it as a threat to public safety . He disputed the court 's contention that the prisons are unsafe the way they are now . But in 2006 , Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency because of "  severe overcrowding " in California 's prisons , saying it had caused "  substantial risk to the health and safety of the men and women who work inside these prisons and the inmates housed in them . " In court documents , the judges said the state 's prison system was at about 200 percent of capacity . The ruling is the result of two class-action lawsuits on behalf of California prisoners who said medical and mental health care in the state 's prisons are so inadequate that they violate the federal constitution 's Eighth Amendment ban against cruel and unusual punishment . The judges said their ruling is tentative so that the parties involved can plan accordingly , essentially giving them an opportunity to work things out themselves before an official ruling is rendered . The court suggests a two - to three-year window for reducing the number of prisoners in the system . Those who would be released would be very low risk , according to Don Specter , director of the Prison Law Office , a group that provides free legal services to California prisoners . He said the ruling would affect those in jail for three or four months because of parole violations , those getting early release dates , and those who might qualify for early release for taking part in rehabilitation programs . A final ruling also probably would reduce the number of people entering the prison system , with many being diverted through the courts and into rehabilitation programs instead of going to jail , Specter said .	Overcrowding has created unconstitutional conditions , judges conclude Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger immediately promised to appeal the case Those who would be released would be very low risk , says head of Prison Law Office
Washington  CNN  -- The child-abduction alert system used by law enforcement , broadcasters and transportation departments is now available on Facebook . AMBER Alerts have previously been available to many users via their local law enforcement Facebook pages . But now , Facebook users can receive the announcements directly from state AMBER Alert pages , by choosing which state 's alerts they want to see . The District of Columbia and the U.S. Territories also each have an alert page . "  As we all know , social networking has few boundaries , and now AMBER Alerts will benefit from that reach , " said Laurie Robinson , the National AMBER Coordinator for the Department of Justice . The AMBER  America 's Missing : Broadcast Emergency Response  Alert system started as an agreement between broadcasters and law enforcement agencies to quickly release information to the public on child abductions so citizens can assist in the search for the child . It is named for Amber Hagerman , a 9-year-old from Arlington , Texas , who was kidnapped and murdered in 1996 . The Facebook announcement comes on the eve of the 15th anniversary of her abduction . Facebook users who want to receive the alerts must will sign up at http://apps.facebook.com/amber_alert/ . Ernie Allen , president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , said designers of the program wanted to be sensitive to people who would see the alerts as spam , so users must sign up to receive the alerts . Once they receive a bulletin , Facebook users can easily share it with their Facebook friends . An estimated 800,000 children are reported missing every year . The AMBER Alert program has been credited with the recovery of 525 children since it began .	Facebook users can sign up to get AMBER Alerts The program is named for Amber Hagerman , who was abducted and killed in 1996 Some 800,000 children are reported missing each year
CNN  -- Spanish champions Barcelona have lined up their first signing of the January transfer window after agreeing a deal to sign Ibrahim Afellay from Dutch club PSV Eindhoven . The Catalan club 's website reported on Monday that personal terms for the 24-year-old will be settled "  over the next few weeks . " "  The player will be registered in January once the winter transfer market opens . Until the deal is finally settled , Ibrahim Afellay wishes to concentrate on the upcoming important games for PSV , " read a statement on the website . "  He is a skilful and fast winger who has been thrilling the PSV crowds for quite a few years now , and has won everything in Holland thanks to his straight-forward attacking approach and his good shooting . " Afellay made his debut for the Eredivisie side at the age of 17 , and has made 30 appearances for his national team including a trip to the 2010 World Cup in South Africa , playing three times as a substitute . Born in Utrecht , he has Moroccan parents but decided to represent the country of his birth in 2007 . He has helped PSV to first place in the Dutch league this season , leading by two points from defending champions Twente , and scored in the 10-0 victory over Feyenoord . Barcelona , who have a long history of signing Dutch players , trail arch-rivals Real Madrid by one point in the Spanish league after 11 rounds .	Dutch club PSV Eindhoven agree to sell winger Ibrahim Afellay to Barcelona The 24-year-old will settle personal terms ahead of January transfer window He has played 30 times for the Netherlands and went to the 2010 World Cup
London  CNN  -- Vertical gardens are cropping up all over cities these days , transforming drab urban facades into vibrant jungles of color . These lush expanses have found their way onto the walls -- both inside and out -- on numerous sites in recent years revitalizing public buildings , hotels , offices and even a multi-storey car park in Netherlands . Aside from their pleasing aesthetic qualities , vertical gardens could also deliver more practical benefits says Mark Laurence , creative director at Biotecture , a UK company who design and build green walls . "  The market is rapidly moving into looking at how they can provide eco-system services and green infrastructures for urban environments , " Laurence said . Their modular hydroponic system -- where plants sit in a soil-free set up with nutrients delivered through irrigation channels -- can be retrofitted to just about any wall . A recent creation erected on the side of Edgware Road Underground station in central London is hoping to improve air quality . The 200-square meter wall near Marylebone Road -- one of the UK capital 's grimiest thoroughfares -- is being monitored by Imperial College , London . "  They have taken initial samples and going at regular intervals to take leaf samples . Then they wash these leaf samples to see how much particulate matter has adhered to the leaves , " said Laurence . The leaves also have an electrostatic charge that also attracts particles . "  A researcher I was speaking to recently reckons green walls in urban canyon environments  areas where walls are higher than the width of the road separating them  are more effective than trees at collecting particles because the way the wind eddies around and then moves down the wall , " Laurence said . Some believe that in less polluted areas , green walls could be employed to grow food , which could aid urban food security . Biotecture have successfully trialled a wall which grew 45 varieties of vegetable . Furthermore , there 's nothing stopping people building their own , more basic green walls at home , Laurence says . There are various systems for DIY constructions with most requiring a compost-based system , he says , but homemade hydroponic systems can be made using plastic bottles . All you need is irrigation and adequate light .	Green walls turn dreary urban facades into vertical banks of color As well as aesthetic qualities , vertical gardens may also improve air quality New wall near congested Marylebone Road in London may reduce pollution
CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius ' hopes of becoming the first disabled athlete to compete at the Olympics appear to be over after the man known as the "  Blade Runner " failed to qualify for London 2012 . The 25-year-old will defend his three Paralympic titles in the UK capital in August , but he was not able to achieve the required 400 meters time for the able-bodied event at the African Championships on Friday . His only hope is earning a place in South Africa 's 4x400m relay squad , having clocked 45.52 seconds in finishing second in the final in Benin -- outside the 45.30 he needed to pass for a second time this season . Botswana 's Isaac Makwala won in 45.25 , with Pistorius ' compatriot Willem De Beer third in 45.67 . "  I am obviously disappointed that my time was just outside of the Olympic qualification time by two tenths of a second , " said Pistorius , who timed 45.20 at the Gauteng North Provincial Championships on March 17 . "  I had felt very strong coming into this competition as my fitness and speed has been continually improving . I was in good shape to set the time and believe my speed will only increase over the next few weeks . Blade Runner 's Olympic ambition "  I had a great early start to the season , setting the Olympic qualification time and I am hoping that there is still the opportunity for me to be selected to run for South Africa in the 4x400m relay . " Pistorius made history when he competed at the 2011 World Athletics Championships in Daegu , reaching the 400m semifinals and then helping South Africa reach the final of the relay . He was omitted from the final , but received a medal for his earlier efforts when the team won silver . It represented a major breakthrough for Pistorius , who had to take legal action after athletics ' ruling body the IAAF banned him from able-bodied competition six months before the 2008 Beijing Olympics . Born without fibula in both legs , he had double amputations as a child and needs carbon-fiber prosthetic limbs to race . The IAAF ruled that the blades gave him an unfair advantage , but he overturned that ruling -- though not in time for him to qualify for Beijing . Pistorius did compete in the subsequent Paralympic event , winning gold in the 100 , 200 and 400m .	South Africa 's ` Blade Runner ' fails to set qualifying time for London Olympics The 25-year-old falls short in 400 meters at African Championships , finishing second He beat the qualifying time earlier this season but needed to do it twice to win a place Pistorius still hopes to be selected for South Africa 's 4x400m relay team
CNN  -- Second seed Roger Federer stayed on course for a first French Open title after coming from two sets to one down to defeat Argentine Juan Martin del Potro in another five-set epic , securing a place in Sunday 's final at Roland Garros . Roger Federer screams in joy after beating Juan Martin del Potro to reach the French Open final . The Swiss world number two , bidding to complete his haul of grand slam titles , recovered from a slow start to claim a 3-6 7-6 2-6 6-1 6-4 victory in three hours and 28 minutes -- and will now meet Robin Soderling in Sunday 's final . Swede Soderling , who earlier this week caused a sensation by knocking out defending champion and world number one Rafael Nadal , defeated Fernando Gonzalez 6-3 7-5 5-7 4-6 6-4 in another thrilling five-setter to continue his remarkable run in Paris . It was Federer 's second five-set win this tournament -- he was also taken the distance by Tommy Haas in the fourth round -- and he has squeezed through to his fourth straight Paris final without hitting top form . Federer , installed as title favorite after Nadal 's defeat , had won all his previous five meetings with Del Potro , not even dropping a set . But he was broken in the fifth and ninth games to lose the first set as Del Potro dictated the rallies , feasting off Federer 's weak and short backhands . Fifth seed Del Potro played a poor second-set tie-break , sending four shots into the net to gift the Swiss the leveller , but he still held the whip hand and sped through a 36-minute third set during which he broke Federer 's serve twice more . However , as the South American tired , Federer found an extra gear -- as he has done so often this past fortnight -- and suddenly began to dominate Del Potro 's serve . Two breaks were sufficient to win the fourth set convincingly and he broke early in the fifth too . Del Potro grabbed one himself as the light started to fade on Philippe Chatrier court , but he double-faulted in game seven to put Federer back in front . This time , the Swiss did not falter and served out to win . Federer is now just one win away from becoming the sixth player to complete a sweep of the Majors . The title here would also move him level with Pete Sampras on a record 14 grand-slam crowns . "  That 's one more step and I am so happy to have comeback like that , " a delighted Federer told reporters . "  For a moment there Juan Martin was playing so well , but I had some luck on my side and I fought hard . "  Soderling played a great match against Gonzalez to be in the final . He deserves to be there because he also beat Nadal and he was the man to beat in this tournament . "	Roger Federer through to Sunday 's final of the French Open at Roland Garros The second seed defeats Argentine Juan Martin del Potro in five-set semifinal The Swiss faces Robin Soderling as he aims to win tournament for first time
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Diana Nyad is back at it again -- once more in the waters off Havana and heading , she hopes , to Key West , Florida . The 62-year-old endurance athlete jumped into waters off Cuba on Saturday afternoon , a day earlier than she and her Xtreme Dream team had originally planned , according to her Twitter page . If all goes well , she will swim some 103 miles and 60 hours before arriving in the Florida Keys . "  Right now ,  the water  is fantastic and so  the team  has been brainstorming and thinking , we 've got to get out there , " Nyad said at a Saturday news conference , explaining the decision to start early . Shortly before 10:30 p.m. Saturday , nearly seven hours into her journey , a new Twitter message from Nyad 's team indicated the swimmer had been "  stung by a jellyfish . " An update a few minutes later indicated she was stung at 8:40 p.m. , "  was treated and continued swimming . " "  Nyad  is OK and strong , " the message said . Nyad has tried three times before to venture across the Straits of Florida . Each attempt ended prematurely -- starting in 1978 when rocky seas left her battered , delirious and less than halfway toward her goal and twice last year , once done in by an 11-hour asthma attack and later thwarted by box jellyfish stings . But those aborted swims have n't deterred her , and she insisted earlier this week that "  I 'm ready . " "  I 'm feeling some pressure , " she said Friday . "  I 'm feeling tremendous inner pressure that this has got to be it , this has got to be the last time . " She 's in the water without a physical shark cage , relying on electronic shark repellent and a team of divers to keep them away . Sharks are just one of the many challenges the American citizen will face , from the sheer physical strain to smacks of jellyfish and the whims of Mother Nature . That latter consideration drove the decision to push up the scheduled Sunday start time . The wind is predicted "  to be getting really calm by  Sunday  morning and staying calm ... through Monday , and coming up a little bit on Tuesday but still just fine for us to get in , " Nyad said . The hope is to avoid deteriorating conditions caused by stronger winds expected Tuesday night and into Wednesday , which happens to be Nyad 's 63rd birthday . "  We 've got to get out there , " she said . In the 1970s , Nyad was unstoppable . In addition to winning multiple swimming marathons , she was one of the first women to encircle the island of Manhattan , and she holds the world 's record for longest ocean swim -- 102.5 miles from the island of Bimini in the Bahamas to Jupiter , Florida . She said Saturday that she was 8 years old when she first dreamed about the possibility of swimming across the Straits of Florida . -- At the time , she was in Cuba on a trip from her home in Florida in the 1950s , before Fidel Castro led a Communist takeover in Cuba and its relations with the United States soured . "  I used to stand on the beach and I said to my mother , ' I wonder if anybody could swim over there , " Nyad recalled saying , while pointing to the Keys . While admitting that she 's a slower swimmer now than she once was , Nyad insists that in her 60s she still feels "  vital  and  powerful " -- and definitely "  not old . " A successful swim ideally will inspire people her age and older not to let their age hinder them , Nyad said . "  When I walk up on that shore in Florida , I want millions of those AARP sisters and brothers to look at me and say , ` I 'm going to go write that novel I thought it was too late to do . I 'm going to go work in Africa on that farm that those people need help at . I 'm going to adopt a child . It 's not too late , I can still live my dreams , ' " she said . CNN 's Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	NEW : A jellyfish stings Diana Nyad , but she is OK , her team says The American starts swimming off Cuba a day earlier than planned She hopes to swim 103 miles over several days to Florida The endurance athlete 's three earlier attempts ended prematurely
CNN  Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds amid raucous cheers from onlookers . His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others . And observers were quick to point out that Abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in Australia . Abbott was in a Sydney pub on Saturday evening when a group of Australian rules football players invited him to have a drink with them . The Prime Minister accepted and even gave a short , impromptu speech , one of the football coaches , Simon Carrodus , told The Australian Woman 's Weekly . "  Then he proceeds to reach down and grab a schooner and he drank from head-to-toe the entire schooner , dribbling little bits on his shirt ... tipped it upside down on his head . And he was proud as punch , " Carrodus said . A schooner holds about three-quarters of a pint . Video of Abbott making short work of the beer as the crowd around him chants "  Skol ! Skol ! " drew plenty of attention on social media . Some commentators focused on Abbott 's drinking technique . But others suggested he was setting a bad example . Abbott had attacked binge drinking as recently as last year . "  Like most Australians , I enjoy a drink on social occasions , " he said in January 2014 . "  However , as a father and as a citizen , I 'm appalled by the violent binge drinking culture that now seems so prevalent , especially at "  hot spots " in our big cities . " Casting those concerns aside , some social media users belittled Abbott 's beer swilling . They said his effort was a pale imitation of the legendary drinking exploits of former Prime Minister Bob Hawke , who is credited with drinking two and a half pints in 11 seconds .	Some observers applaud Abbott 's beer swilling in a pub full of sportsmen The Prime Minister last year criticized binge drinking culture in Australia
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The body of a woman who authorities say was impaired by marijuana and alcohol when she caused a deadly head-on collision shows no signs of long-term alcohol use , according to an investigator hired by her family . Diane Schuler 's minivan was heading the wrong direction as the wreck happened , police said . "  I have looked at the autopsy , and the pancreas , liver and esophagus were clear , " Tom Ruskin , lead investigator and president of CMP Protective and Investigative Group , told CNN . "  I 've never seen a case like this . No one has seen this woman drunk and we have interviewed over 50 people -- relatives , friends , colleagues and former employees from her company . " The Westchester County medical examiner 's office found that Diane Schuler , 36 , had a blood alcohol level of .19 percent -- more than twice the legal limit -- and had marijuana in her system when she drove a minivan the wrong way on the Taconic State Parkway and ran head-on into an SUV . Three adults in the SUV were killed in the July 26 crash , along with Schuler and four children in her minivan -- her daughter and three nieces . A fifth child , Schuler 's son , survived and is in stable condition . Ruskin , a former officer in New York Police 's narcotics division , said he is hesitant to fully accept the autopsy report . "  I 'm not saying the autopsy is wrong or right . I do n't know if she smoked pot weeks prior . Marijuana stays in your system for up to 30 days , " he said . The medical examiner 's office released a statement on August 6 , saying it stands by its autopsy results , and reiterated that Sunday . Schuler 's family expressed shock when the details were revealed , saying she had no history of substance use . "  There 's no way she 'd do this , " Jay Schuler , Schuler 's sister-in-law , said earlier this month . "  She was responsible . " Tests revealed that Schuler had an additional six grams of alcohol in her stomach that had yet to be metabolized , according to Maj. William Carey of the New York State Police . A vodka bottle was also found in the vehicle after the crash . Ruskin is adamant that it is necessary to go back through the day of the crash . "  We are analyzing all of the data that we have to date . We have a staff that has consumed themselves with this case , " he said . "  We are trying to determine what happened here . " Schuler 's husband , Daniel , "  would like to remind people that no matter what happened here he lost his wife , his daughter , his nieces and he also grieves for the Bastardi and Luongo families , " Ruskin said , referring to the other crash victims . "  He talks about that constantly in my daily conversations with him . "	Autopsy shows no signs of heavy alcohol use , investigator for driver 's family says Investigator says Diane Schuler not known as heavy drinker Schuler , 7 others killed in head-on collision as she drove wrong way on parkway Schuler had high levels of alcohol , marijuana in system during crash , officials say
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The man accused of killing an airport security officer last month at Los Angeles International Airport pleaded not guilty Thursday to murdering a federal officer and to 10 other charges . Paul Anthony Ciancia , 23 , is accused of fatally shooting Transportation Security Administration officer Gerardo Hernandez and wounding two other officers and a passenger on November 1 . A Los Angeles police officer shot and wounded Ciancia to end the incident at LAX , the sixth busiest airport in the world , according to authorities . A trial date for Ciancia was set for February 11 , but it 's unlikely the trial would begin that soon , said U.S. attorney 's office spokesman Thom Mrozek . Prosecutors have yet to decide whether to seek a capital case , which would introduce a possible death penalty in a conviction . "  The decision on whether or not to pursue the death penalty in this case is multi-layered and begins with the trial lawyers in Los Angeles and ends with the U.S. attorney general , " Mrozek said . A grand jury on December 17 indicted Ciancia on a charge of murdering a federal officer , two counts of attempted murder of a federal officer and eight firearms-related charges . According to the criminal complaint against Ciancia , he allegedly entered Terminal 3 at the Los Angeles airport , pulled out a .223 - caliber M&P -15 semiautomatic rifle and fired several shots point-blank at Hernandez . He began to walk up an escalator , but saw Hernandez move and returned to shoot him again , authorities allege in the complaint . Investigators say Ciancia then fired on two other TSA officers and a passenger , all of whom were wounded , before a Los Angeles police officer chased him down and shot him , according to the complaint . Investigators found a handwritten letter among Ciancia 's belongings at the airport addressed to TSA employees , saying the shootings were meant to "  instill fear in your traitorous minds . " The note said he had made a "  conscious decision to try to kill " TSA workers , according to the complaint . Alerted to troubling text messages sent to his family back East , Los Angeles police officers had gone to check on Ciancia the morning of the shooting but did n't arrive in time . They got to his apartment 52 minutes after the shooting and left without realizing his connection to the incident , according to authorities . Obama visits family of slain TSA officer CNN 's Michael Martinez and Paul Vercammen contributed from Los Angeles .	NEW : Prosecutors have n't decided on whether to seek a capital case Paul Ciancia pleads not guilty to 11 felonies in the November 1 shooting Ciancia is accused of shooting a TSA officer point-blank , killing him Three other people , including two TSA officers , were wounded
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration is changing a generations-old policy banning pilots from taking antidepressants , saying the new policy will improve safety by bringing to the surface pilots who either ignore signs of depression or lie about their use of medication for fear of losing their licenses to fly . Beginning Monday , pilots with mild to moderate depression will be allowed to fly while taking antidepressants if they can demonstrate they have been satisfactorily treated for at least 12 months . The FAA also will begin a six-month amnesty period , during which pilots who use antidepressants can step forward without fear of penalties . The pilots will be grounded until they can demonstrate they have been stable for a year , although those who can prove a history of successful medical treatment should be able to fly "  within a few months , " the FAA said . The new policy will "  absolutely " improve safety , said Randy Babbitt , head of the FAA and a former airline pilot and union chief . "  The concern that we have today is we have people who are either self-medicating or not seeking a diagnosis . Either of those is unacceptable , " Babbitt said . "  This change ... will allow those people to get the treatment , allow us to monitor and return them to the cockpit -LSB- as -RSB- safer , better pilots . " FAA officials said that they do not know the extent of depression among pilots but that pilots are probably representative of the larger population , in which 10 percent are believed to suffer from depression . Nor does the FAA know how many pilots have removed themselves from flying status because they suffer from depression , a condition that now bars them from flying . Nor do they know how many take antidepressants in violation of FAA policy . Commercial pilots under the age of 40 are required to undergo a medical exam by an FAA-certified physician every year ; those over 40 , every six months . But the examination focuses largely on the pilots ' physical health , and there is no formal assessment of the pilots ' mental health . The FAA says pilots have a regulatory duty and professional responsibility to not fly if they know they have a physical or mental condition that makes them unsafe to fly . But the FAA concedes pilots are n't always forthcoming , especially if honesty could cost them their job . "  We know that there are people out there who are not taking antidepressants because they know they would be grounded if they are . We know there are people out there who are taking them and lying to us about that , " said Dr. Fred Tilton , the FAA 's federal air surgeon . "  We think it 's safer to -LSB- make sure pilots are treated for depression -RSB- than to continue to drive it underground , " he said . Under the new policy , the FAA will , on a case-by-case basis , issue special medical certificates to pilots who take one of four antidepressants : fluoxetine  Prozac  , sertraline  Zoloft  , citalopram  Celexa  and escitalopram  Lexapro  . All four drugs can be used safely without side effects , the FAA said , and other medications will be considered as the agency gains experience and data under its new policy . FAA officials say that they have been studying the issue for a decade , and that the change comes with improvements in medication and as the stigma of depression has diminished . One of the concerns is the risk of suicide by airplane . Between 1993 and 2002 , there were 16 "  aircraft-assisted suicides , " according to a National Transportation Safety Board report , as recounted in a recent FAA medical bulletin . All involved smaller aircraft . In addition , the NTSB ruled that in 1999 , the pilot caused the crash of EgyptAir Flight 990 by forcing the plane into the Atlantic Ocean , although the board could not determine the pilot 's motives and did not use the term "  suicide . " The pilot 's medical certificate had been renewed 10 days before the crash . All 217 on board were killed . "  Depression is a disease , and it 's treatable just like any other disease . And there is a stigma out there that we want to remove . We want to make the skies safer , and we believe that this change in the policy will benefit that and achieve that , " Babbitt said . Said Tilton : "  We believe it 's the right thing to do . We also have support from all of the scientific organizations that understand the treatment of depression and the safety of the airspace . " The new policy is consistent with recommendations from a host of aviation and medical organizations , including the Aerospace Medical Association , the International Civil Aviation Organization , the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association and the Air Line Pilots Association , the FAA said . Babbitt acknowledged that pilots face some risk by stepping forward , but he said they also face risk if they do n't . "  If it -LSB- unauthorized use of medication -RSB- was ever discovered , it would be the end of their license and their career , period , " he said . The FAA said the policy is being posted on the Federal Register , where the public can make comments until May 3 . Officials said because it is changing a policy , and not a rule , pre-publication in the Federal Register was not necessary .	FAA cites safety concerns , says policy applies to pilots with mild to moderate depression To fly while on antidepressants , pilots must have been treated for at least 12 months FAA says policy will expose pilots who ignore depression or lie about medication use For 6 months , pilots who use antidepressants will be able to step forward without penalties
CNN  -- Most craftsmen bask in glory when others admire and gush over their art , but a compliment is the last thing Christie Erickson wants . "  I do n't want the general public to know what I do is fake , " Erickson says . "  It 's best if it 's not noticed at all . " Erickson is an ocularist , or trained technician who makes prosthetic eyes . While some call it a skill , Erickson says recreating the "  personality , " "  emotion " and "  sparkle " conveyed in a person 's eye is an art . Each eye "  tells a story and reflects a lot , " Erickson explains . Erickson and her son Todd Cranmore are two of the six ocularists in the state of Washington and among the few hundred in the country . Because no school teaches ocularistry , people who want to enter the profession must spend 10,000 hours , or five years , of apprenticeship to become certified . The career blends the fields of art and science -- as only people with a creative side and anatomical knowledge can duplicate the organ that gives the gift of sight . It 's a common misconception that prosthetic eyes are made of glass , but they 're actually designed using acrylic materials and paint . The only nonacrylic piece is the silk thread placed on the eye 's surface to simulate veins . Today , no member of the American Society of Ocularists , which includes 200 professional ocularists in the United States and Canada , makes glass eyes , according to Christine Boehm , the society 's education chairwoman . She explained that acrylic eyes last longer , fit easier and can better match the color of the original eye . "  There are n't many people left who make glass eyes , " says Boehm , who has been an ocularist for more than 25 years in Toronto . The art of eye making dates back to the fifth century B.C. , when Romans and Egyptians painted clay eyes and wore them over eye sockets . In the 1500s , the Venetians crafted blown-glass eyes that could be worn inside the sockets , but the globes were uncomfortable and sometimes shattered . It was n't until World War II that eye makers switched from glass to acrylic , because Americans could n't import glass from Germany . To their delight , ocularists found acrylic eyes did n't break like glass ones and the material was more flexible to mold . For several decades , stock eyes were mass produced as a one-size-fits-all concept . But production has since evolved into the handmade craft of today that brings makers and patients together to custom fit the perfect eye . Erickson , who has crafted prosthetic eyes for 30 years , took up the trade after her son Tim lost his eye in an accident . Tim , who was 3 years old at the time , was watching his father fix a tractor when a bolt flew off into his eye . Tim was rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery , but the eye was damaged beyond repair . The Ericksons decided to get Tim a prosthetic eye before he entered kindergarten so kids would n't taunt him about his shrunken and callused eye . "  We wanted him of course to be whole again and have nobody notice it , " Erickson says , adding that she would have traded places with her son if she could have . "  You 're watching your child go through this , you 'd give anything to have it be yourself instead of them , " she says . After agonizing over Tim 's lost sight and overcoming the pain by seeing him "  made whole " again , Erickson decided she wanted to help others erase the suffering she had felt . Erickson apprenticed in between raising four kids , and eight years later she had her professional ocularist license . Erickson 's younger son Todd tossed around the idea of attending medical school , but ultimately decided to follow his mother 's path and become an ocularist . The two run Erickson Labs Northwest in Kirkland , Washington , where thousands of patients have come through their doors . Erickson , 58 , and Cranmore , 36 , make their patients ' eyes together . While Cranmore says he has friends who could never work with their mothers , both Erickson and Cranmore say they love collaborating on a project that takes 30 to 40 hours to complete . "  It 's helpful to have someone come in who has n't been staring at  an eye  for an hour and a half and say , ` Oh , you 're missing this color ' or ' I think you need to start again , ' which thankfully does n't happen that often , " Cranmore joked . Despite being a very specialized field , it 's not in danger of losing professionals . Similar to Erickson and Cranmore 's business , the art form tends to be passed down within families . Members of the American Society of Ocularists are mostly second - , third - and fourth-generation ocularists . Most patients seek a prosthetic eye -- which costs around $ 3,000 -- after an accident or disease such as cancer or diabetes . Erickson says more people lose their eyes to disease than injuries today , but she has seen accidents involving bungee cords , golf balls and rocks flying out of lawn mowers . "  There 's still the typical ` Christmas Story ' of the BB gun injuries , " she added . Less than 1 % of the population requires an ocular prosthesis , according to Boehm , who says she often sees people in public who could benefit from one . "  I think there are a lot of people out there that do n't realize they would be a good candidate for an ocular prosthesis , and they do n't realize that 's something they can get , " she says . Marysville , Washington , resident J.D. Blackwell , who lost an eye in a skiing accident 16 years ago , recently got a prosthetic eye from Erickson . He compared his new blue eye to contact lenses . "  When you first get them , you 're quite aware of them , but after a while , you do n't even notice it , " Blackwell says . In the past few months Blackwell has worn the eye , he 's noticed a difference in the way people respond to him . He pointed out one interaction with a Costco employee stationed at the exit . "  About 10 feet before I got to her , she gasped and said , ` Oh , my God , you 've got the most gorgeous blue eyes , ' " he recounts while laughing . Erickson wishes no one needed her talents but says she 's honored when patients let her into their lives to aid the healing process . "  It 's an amazing thing to be able to be a part of somebody 's life and that transformation from the tragedy , the grief ... and for us to be able to just heal , pray and love them through it , " Erickson says . "  And also  give them  a dang good-looking eye . "	Christie Erickson became an ocularist after her son lost his eye in an accident Glass has n't been used to make eyes since after World War II It takes 10,000 hours of apprentice work to become a certified ocularist
CNN  -- Manchester City 's unbeaten Premier League run came to an end on Monday as Chelsea blew the English title race wide open with a 2-1 victory at home to their 10-man opponents . City traveled to London seeking to re-establish a five-point lead over local rivals Manchester United , and made the perfect start when Mario Balotelli scored in just the second minute . But Raul Meireles equalized in the pouring rain on 34 , and the visitors had defender Gael Clichy sent off for second booking just before the hour mark . Substitute Frank Lampard then condemned Roberto Mancini 's men to a first defeat in 15 league games with an 83rd-minute penalty that lifted Chelsea up to third place above London rivals Tottenham on goal difference . Is Mancini the right man for Manchester City ? "  The Chelsea players after the game were really happy to beat us . That shows we are a top team at this moment and that all the teams want to beat us , and this is important for us , " manager Mancini said . "  We worked well up to now and now we should continue . I hope that we can go another 14 games without losing . " City went into the game having been eliminated from the European Champions League at the group stage despite beating Bayern Munich in Wednesday 's final game . Balotelli was caught breaking a club curfew before this match , but the Italy striker showed his undoubted on-field class with the opening goal -- his 11th this season . Sergio Aguero showed great skill to turn inside Chelsea captain John Terry and thread a perfect pass for the 21-year-old , who held off Branislav Ivanovic and coolly slotted past goalkeeper Petr Cech for his eighth in the league . Chelsea 's Anelka to join Chinese club City could have had a 14th-minute penalty when Jose Bosingwa appeared to bring down David Silva , but the referee decided otherwise in a decision which manager Mancini later said was the turning point in the match . Chelsea went through to the last 16 of the Champions League last week with an emphatic win over Valencia which relieved the pressure on manager Andre Villas-Boas . However , he was on the defensive after that victory and accused the media of unfair treatment -- being unhappy with criticism of the form that left Chelsea 10 points adrift of City going into Monday 's match . The return to form shown against the Spaniards continued as young striker Daniel Sturridge gathered a superb long pass from Terry and raced past Clichy down the left before cutting back to Meireles , and the Portugal midfielder volleyed the equalizer . Clichy 's night ended in the 58th minute when the France international fouled Brazil midfielder Ramires , and Chelsea made full use of their extra man . Etherington double ends Tottenham 's winning run The 22-year-old Sturridge , who made his England debut last month , fired in a left-foot shot that struck the raised arm of City defender Joleon Lescott . Veteran midfielder Lampard , who sat out last Tuesday 's European game and this time came on to replace Meireles in the 73rd minute , stepped up and smashed the resulting penalty past England goalkeeper Joe Hart . "  I went out and missed a penalty a few weeks ago and the next one is always hard to take , " he said . "  You 've got to be big enough and stand up and take them , and they 're the moments . I was very relieved when it hit the back of the net . " The defeat means City can lose the lead on Sunday when United travel to Queens Park Rangers in the early match , then Mancini 's side face another big test against in-form Arsenal at the Etihad Stadium later that day . Chelsea joined Tottenham on 31 points , having played one more game ahead of their clash on December 22 -- which follows Saturday 's trip to lowly Wigan "  Our objective was to shorten the distance to the leaders today , and we managed to do exactly that , but we do n't take extra flavor from being the first team to beat them , " Villas-Boas said . "  We needed to do our job to get our challenge back on track , and I think it 's pretty much alive now . "	Chelsea climb to third place after beating 10-man Manchester City 2-1 City 's Premier League lead chopped to two points after latest round of matches Mario Balotelli puts visitors ahead before Raul Meireles levels for Chelsea City 's Gael Clichy is sent off in second half and sub Frank Lampard nets late penalty
CNN  -- Authorities in Rimrock , Arizona , were searching Monday for a 2-year-old boy who went missing over the weekend while camping with a family that was preparing to adopt him , a spokesman for the Yavapai County Sheriff 's Office said . Syler Newton was last seen shortly after midnight Saturday , sleeping in a tent with the family at the Beaver Creek Campgrounds . About 1:45 a.m. Sunday , the family noticed that he was missing from his sleeping bag . About 50 people , along with bloodhounds and tracking teams , have joined in the search for Syler , who was wearing only a diaper when he disappeared , according to Yavapai County Sheriff 's spokesman Dwight D'Evelyn . "  Right now , there 's no indication he was taken from the site , " D'Evelyn said Monday evening , adding that investigators are "  looking at every possible reason that Syler is missing . " D'Evelyn said bloodhounds normally used by the Department of Corrections to help find escaped felons picked up Syler 's scent around the campsite Monday , but failed to detect his scent outside a particular radius . Angela Godinez , the sister of the woman preparing to adopt Syler , told CNN affiliate KPHO on Monday that the family is "  preparing for the worst . " "  We 're all really , really scared , because he 's only 20 pounds , " she said . "  He could have been carried away easily . He could have froze last night or gotten heatstroke today . " "  We do n't know what 's going on , and there 's a lot of possibilities , " she added , her voice breaking . She said she fears that Syler is "  somewhere along the water . " The campgrounds sit on the banks of the Wet Beaver Creek . "  That 's why I 'm really , really scared , because he 's always loved the water , " she said . Godinez said her sister , identified by police as 36-year-old Christina Priem , is in the process of finalizing an adoption agreement with Syler 's biological mother . D'Evelyn said the Department of Child Services was involved in the investigation and was working to corroborate the adoption story . FBI authorities were able to make contact with the Syler 's biological mother Monday , but D'Evelyn did not know the outcome of that conversation . "  Until we speak to the biological mother , we just do n't know the full story , " D'Evelyn said . He later added that "  there 's no evidence " that the planned adoption played a role in his disappearance , "  but until we 've exhausted every lead , all possibilities are being investigated . "	Syler Newton was wearing only a diaper when he disappeared early Sunday He was camping with a family preparing to adopt him Dozens of people , including teams with bloodhounds , have joined the search
CNN Student News  -- October 1 , 2009 Quick Guide Samoa Earthquake - Understand how seismic events , like the Samoan quake , can spawn tsunamis . Iran 's Inspections - Hear the International Atomic Energy Agency 's stance on Iran 's nuclear program . Longer School Day - Consider the potential pros and cons of a plan to extend the U.S. school day . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Kicking off a new month of commercial-free news , I 'm Carl Azuz and this is CNN Student News ! Glad to have you with us . First Up : Indonesian Earthquake AZUZ : We begin in Indonesia , where officials are working to determine the full impact of a major earthquake . The difficulty is that the tremor , which struck around 5 p.m. local time yesterday , caused widespread power and phone outages . Initial reports did indicate that the quake killed at least 75 people . Officials believe hundreds more may be injured and thousands may be trapped . According to the U.S. Geological Survey , the earthquake had a magnitude of 7.6 ; that 's what classifies it as a "  major " quake . It struck about 33 miles from the capital city of west Sumatra . Scientists said they could n't speculate on whether it was connected to another deadly quake that struck in the Pacific the day before . Samoa Earthquake AZUZ : That deadly tremor took place in the Samoan Islands . Officials say it claimed more than a hundred lives and flattened entire villages . President Obama has declared the situation a major disaster to help speed up aid efforts . Some of the damage was caused by three tsunamis created by the quake . Chad Myers explains how that happens . CHAD MYERS , CNN METEOROLOGIST : What happens is that the earth moves under the water , and when the earth moves , you start to push up or push down that part of the earth , eventually there 's going to be a wave get caused by that movement of the earth . There 's where it was . There 's American Samoa right there . It 's kind of an ugly mess . Here 's how it happens : Literally , there are two plates -- well , a number of plates -- but there are two plates that really were affected here in parts of American Samoa yesterday . Gon na rewind you all the way back here , and I 'm gon na play it for you , and here it goes . One plate , the subduction plate , one plate on top begins to get crunched , and then kind of separated , and then all of a sudden , it 's that energy that is released all at one time . And it 's like the inverse of throwing a stone in a pond , but you get the same waves coming out of the middle . Fast Facts BRENDAN GAGE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : The International Atomic Energy Agency , or IAEA , was created in 1957 . Its mission is to push for safe and secure nuclear technologies . Part of the way it does that is by setting standards for nuclear safety and by inspecting nuclear facilities to make sure they 're being used for peaceful purposes only . Dr. Mohamed ElBaradei leads the IAEA , and in 2005 , the agency won the Nobel Peace Prize . Iran 's Inspections AZUZ : Doctor ElBaradei is weighing in on Iran 's controversial nuclear program . He says the country does n't appear to be making nuclear weapons , but it did break the law by not telling the IAEA about its newest nuclear facility before the thing was built . This all comes before today 's scheduled meeting where several countries , including Iran , are discussing the program . Reza Sayah has the latest . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP REZA SAYAH , CNN CORRESPONDENT , ISLAMABAD : Mohamed ElBaradei 's comments about Iran 's controversial nuclear program much more tempered and even-handed than what we 've heard coming out of Washington and Tehran these days . The head of U.N. 's nuclear watchdog coming out and saying two significant things . First off , Mr. ElBaradei saying that indeed Iran did break the law when it did not disclose this uranium enrichment facility earlier . Mr. ElBaradei saying Iran should have disclosed it during the planning stages . But he also added that the IAEA has yet to find any evidence that indeed Iran is going after nuclear bombs . So , he basically gave both sides in this nuclear debate something to work with going into Thursday 's talks in Geneva . Here 's what Mr. ElBaradei had to say in an exclusive interview with our sister station , CNN-IBN . DIRECTOR GENERAL MOHAMED ELBARADEI , INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY : I do n't think , based on what we see , that Iran has an ongoing nuclear weapons program . Whether they have done some weaponization studies as was claimed by the U.S. and others , this is one of those issues that is still outstanding . But I have n't seen any credible evidence to suggest that Iran is having an ongoing nuclear weapon program today . I hope that they are not having one . SAYAH : That was Mr. ElBaradei , saying he hopes Iran is not going after nuclear bombs . But it is the position of Washington and European leaders that they can no longer afford to hope . They need to be certain because they say Iran 's leaders have lost credibility when it comes to the nuclear issue , and the only way they can be certain is if Iran curbs uranium enrichment and grants access to all its facilities throughout the country , whether they 've been declared or not . Look for that to be a focal point in these landmark negotiations in Geneva on Thursday . Reza Sayah , CNN , Islamabad . END VIDEO CLIP Shoutout MICHELLE WRIGHT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Renker 's geography classes at Cresthill Middle School in Highlands Ranch , Colorado ! Who is the current U.S. secretary of education ? Is it : A  Margaret Spellings , B  Arne Duncan , C  Kathleen Sebelius or D  Rod Paige ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Education Secretary Arne Duncan is responsible for overseeing the government 's education programs and policies . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Longer School Day AZUZ : The Education Department oversees those policies , but most decisions are actually made by state and local officials . That 's why Secretary Duncan is going around the country trying to convince those officials to get behind a plan that President Obama is pushing , which would change how long you guys spend in school . Alina Cho looks at the potential pros and cons . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP STEVE GALLAGHER , PARENT : So , we get an extra day ! ALINA CHO , CNN CORRESPONDENT : It 's 3:00 in the afternoon , and Steve Gallagher has just picked up his 10-year-old daughter Sammy from school , right in the middle of the work day . A longer school day for Sammy , what President Obama wants , means a more convenient day for dad . STEVE GALLAGHER : It kind of works into our personal schedule . For example , I can then have the ability to pick my daughter up after school , as opposed to cutting my work day short . CHO : The idea is gaining steam . Education Secretary Arne Duncan is touring the country with unconventional allies -- the Reverend Al Sharpton and Newt Gingrich -- encouraging local districts and states to embrace the idea of longer school days and a longer school year , saying the current system is outdated , a century old , when kids needed summers off to help on the farm . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Yes . This is the right word . CHO : Duncan says students who thrive are in class longer . ARNE DUNCAN , EDUCATION SECRETARY : Guess what ? They 're in school nine hours a day , they 're in school on the weekends , and they 're in school over the summer , and , you know , this is not a new idea . CHO : American students have one of the shortest school years in the world : 180 days , versus 195 for most European nations and 200 for East Asian countries . And U.S. students spend fewer hours a day in the classroom ; 35 hours a week . Swedish students are in class 60 hours a week . The nation 's largest teacher 's union says more seat time is good , but after school programs at school ? Better . RANDI WEINGARTEN , AMERICAN FEDERATION OF TEACHERS : We have them for mediation , we have them for enrichment , we have them for sports , we have them for art , we have them for music . Those are really good things . SAMMY GALLAGHER , STUDENT : Four times four is 16 . CHO : Steve Gallagher is all for longer school days , but summers off ? CHO : Some might argue longer school day , longer school year , could work to our advantage . STEVE GALLAGHER : I agree with that , but it 's difficult to make that cultural shift within our country on just an edict from the president . CHO : So , what does 10-year-old Sammy think about the president 's proposal ? SAMMY GALLAGHER : Well , longer school days usually means more homework , and for a lot of people homework can be very overwhelming in a way . CHO : Something else that could be overwhelming : the cost . The National Taxpayers Union , a conservative group , says yeah , it all looks good on paper , but there are hidden costs involved , like potentially more money for teachers , higher electricity bills when you keep schools open longer . And who 's going to foot the bill ? Probably taxpayers . Alina Cho , CNN , New York . END VIDEO CLIP Promo AZUZ : One day you definitely wo n't be in school : Thanksgiving ! So , after you 've gobbled up all your turkey , tune in to CNN Heroes ! The special program celebrates ordinary people who are working to make the world better . Voting for hero of the year begins tonight after the top 10 heroes of 2009 are announced . You can find more information and our free educator materials "  In the Spotlight " section at your favorite Web site , CNNStudentNews.com ! Before We Go AZUZ : Finally , how can a car wash get away with not guaranteeing a clean car ? When the washer weighs a couple tons ! It 's all part of a new exhibit at a zoo in Oregon . Sure , he does a good job with the water , but this has to be the world 's worst detailing job . Come on ! The sponge is n't even touching the car ! The beastly buffers are thorough in their jobs . They hose down the entire car ... Goodbye AZUZ : ... From hood to trunk . That was so bad , we should probably just pachyderm it in . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Understand how seismic events , like the Samoan quake , can spawn tsunamis Hear the International Atomic Energy Agency 's stance on Iran 's nuclear program Consider the potential pros and cons of a plan to extend the U.S. school day
New York  CNN  -- Outgoing New York state Sen. Pedro Espada Jr. and his son , Pedro , were charged Tuesday with embezzling $ 500,000 from a federally funded health care nonprofit , according to a statement from the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York . Federal prosecutors slapped both men with five counts of embezzlement and one count of conspiracy , the statement said . Espada served as president and CEO of the Comprehensive Community Development Corp. -- referred to locally as the Soundview Health Care Network -- which receives more than $ 1 million in federal funding from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , it said . The network receives millions of dollars more in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements each year , the statement said . The pair are accused of abusing their senior positions to divert Soundview funds for personal use and for the benefit of family members and friends , the statement said . "  The indictment alleges that funds that could and should have been applied to purchase medical equipment and enhance health care services for an historically under-served population were diverted by the defendants for their personal use and to benefit friends and family members , " U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said . "  In these difficult economic times , the charged crimes are all the more reprehensible . " Defense attorney Susan R. Necheles said the Espadas "  deny any wrongdoing , and we intend to fight the charges in court . " Soundview Health Care Network includes five health centers that cover the southeast , central and northeast sections of the Bronx , according to its website . The group 's mission "  emphasizes the provision of quality health and social services to individuals regardless of their ability to pay . " In April , New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo said he would sue Espada , the state 's senate majority leader , calling his fellow Democrat 's alleged transgressions "  outrageous . " "  I have not seen anything on this scale , " Cuomo said after originally charging him , along with 19 associates , with "  looting " the nonprofit of more than $ 14 million . "  Thirty years ago , Sen. Espada founded the Soundview Health Care Center , " Necheles said in a written statement . "  Soundview has provided high quality health care to thousands of families , children and senior citizens in the Bronx . Today is a sad day for Soundview and a sad day for the Espada family . " If convicted , the men face a maximum sentence of 55 years in prison , as well as a fine of $ 250,000 on each count , according to the U.S. attorney 's office .	Sen. Pedro Espada Jr. and his son are accused of embezzling $ 500,000 They are accused of abusing their positions with Soundview Health Care Network Lawyer says the pair deny any wrongdoing
CNN  -- Sweden 's parliament on Wednesday approved same-sex marriage legislation , according to the parliament 's Web site . Previously , two people of the same sex could register their partnership , but with this vote , sex will no longer matter when two people want to get married . The new "  sex-neutral " law will take effect on May 1 . Couples who already had a registered partnership can now either stay in that union or transform it into a marriage if they wish , the Web site said . The "  yes " votes numbered 261 , while 22 members of parliament voted "  no " and 16 chose not to vote . The Christian Democrats was the only party opposed to the new law . "  Unfortunately this is not an April Fool 's Day joke , this is reality , " Yvonne Andersson , member of the Swedish parliament for the Christian Democrats , wrote on the party 's Web site following the vote . The party had instead proposed a law that would remove the word "  marriage " from Swedish law and replace it with a legally binding union between two persons , thus separating it from the Christian ceremony that the church conducts . Asa Regner , secretary general of the Swedish Association for Sexuality Education , told CNN that Wednesday 's vote meant a very important change in Swedish law . "  This was the last area where same sex couples were treated differently , " she said .	Sweden 's parliament approves legislation allowing same-sex marriage Legislation was passed by strong majority in parliament Christian Democrats was only party opposed to measure
Jos , Nigeria  CNN  -- A string of bombs struck churches in five Nigerian cities Sunday , leaving dozens dead and wounded on the holiday , authorities and witnesses said . The blasts mark the second holiday season that bombs have hit Christian houses of worship in the west African nation . In a statement issued late Sunday , Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan called the bombings "  a dastardly act that must attract the rebuke of all peace-loving Nigerians . " "  These acts of violence against innocent citizens are an unwarranted affront on our collective safety and freedom , " Jonathan said . "  Nigerians must stand as one to condemn them . " Bombs targeted churches across the country , hitting the cities of Madalla , Jos , Kano , and Damaturu and Gadaka , said journalist Hassan John , who witnessed the carnage in Jos. The death toll in Madalla alone was 18 , including two people reported dead overnight at a nearby hospital , Nigeria 's National Emergency Management Agency spokesman Yushau Shuaib told CNN . John said witnesses in Madalla reported a higher death toll , with more than 30 killed . Some victims died after being taken to a hospital , he said . In Damaturu , a northern town in Yobe state , a police station and a state security building were also bombed , an aid worker said . The worker asked not to be named for security reasons . Nwakpa Okorie , a spokesman for the Nigerian Red Cross , said the some of the wounded were taken to the capital Abuja for treatment . "  The situation is under control now . The security agents have secured the streets close to the bombed areas ... in Madalla , Jos and Dematuru , " he said . Jonathan said his government "  will not relent in its determination to bring to justice all the perpetrators of today 's acts of violence and all others before now . " And in Washington , the White House said U.S. officials would help Nigeria pursue those behind "  what initially appear to be terrorist acts . " "  We condemn this senseless violence and tragic loss of life on Christmas Day , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said in a written statement . "  We offer our sincere condolences to the Nigerian people and especially those who lost family and loved ones . " The first explosion Sunday struck near a Roman Catholic church in Madalla , west of Abuja , Nigeria 's capital , the National Emergency Management Agency said . Church officials were trying to get a picture of what happened in the city . "  Lives have been lost but we do not have the details , " said the Rev. Michael Ekpenyong . "  The area has been cordoned off . I tried to call the priest , but I could n't get through . " Ekpenyong , the secretary general of the country 's Catholic Secretariat , said the church that was bombed was "  not a big church , but lots of people attend . " Photos from the scene showed burned-out cars and at least three bodies on the ground , one covered with a blanket , at the rural church . Usman Abdallah Baba , who witnessed the bombing , said there were at least 15 or 16 casualties and that authorities were still counting the toll . Baba said local people were already blaming the violent extremist Muslim Boko Haram sect , which has targeted Christians as well as Muslims its members consider insufficiently Islamic . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the acts "  in the strongest terms , " his office said in a statement Sunday . He expressed his condolences to the Nigerian people and reiterated a call "  for an end to all acts of sectarian violence in the country . " In 2010 , five churches in Jos were attacked while residents were celebrating Christmas Eve . The blasts killed dozens in Jos , which lies on a faith-based fault line between the Muslim-dominated north and the mainly Christian south . On Sunday , two blasts targeted the Mountain of Fire Ministries church in Jos , northeast of the capital , said John . No one was killed in that bombing , which John called a "  miracle " -- but a police officer who got into a gun battle with the attackers died of his wounds later , John said , citing officials . The second church , in Jos , was hit by two explosions when young men threw bombs , John said . Police responded quickly and exchanged gunfire with the attackers , who wounded at least one of the police officers , he said . The injured officer was rushed to the Jos University teaching hospital for medical attention , but died of his wounds , John said . The attackers fled into the crowd and disappeared after the attack , John said . Police arrested four people and recovered four unexploded devices , Nigerian state television reported . Nigeria is Africa 's most populous nation and has the world 's sixth-largest Christian population -- about 80.5 million people as of 2010 , according to a report published this month by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life in Washington . That makes the country just over 50 % Christian , according to the Pew figures . Dozens killed in fighting in Nigeria The latest attacks follow two days of clashes between militants and security forces in northern Nigeria . Lt. Gen. Azubuike Ihejirika , the Nigerian army chief of staff , said the clashes left three soldiers dead and several more wounded . The fighting began Thursday between Boko Haram militants and the military in the Yobe state town of Damaturu , Ihejirika said . "  There was a major encounter with the Boko Haram in Damaturu , " Ihejirika said Friday . "  We lost three of our soldiers , seven were wounded . But we killed over 50 of their members . " Boko Haram translates from the local Hausa as "  Western education is outlawed . " The group has morphed into an insurgency responsible for dozens of attacks in Nigeria in the last two years . Boko Haram 's targets include police outposts and churches as well as places associated with "  Western influence . " CNN 's Josh Levs , Richard Allen Greene , Esprit Smith , Karen Smith , Amir Ahmed and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.N. condemns the attacks and calls for an end to sectarian violence in Nigeria Nigeria 's president vows to bring those responsible to justice The bombing in the city of Madalla killed 18 , a government spokesman says The blasts follow attacks on churches during last year 's Christmas season
CNN  -- A deathbed photo of Gary Coleman appeared Wednesday on the cover of Globe Magazine , showing the actor 's ex-wife staring into the camera next to the former child actor . The man named executor in Coleman 's will accused Shannon Price of profiting from her ex-husband 's death by selling the image to the tabloid , and suggested she is destined for the "  life of a social and professional outcast . " Coleman divorced Price in 2008 , but they were living together in Santaquin , Utah , when he suffered a fall at home last month and died two days later of a brain hemorrhage in a Provo , Utah , hospital . Globe parent company American Media confirmed it bought the photo , but spokeswoman Samantha Trenk would not disclose how much was paid or who sold the image . A Utah judge appointed Dion Mial , Coleman 's longtime friend and former manager , as special administrator of the estate while the will goes through the probate process . A will signed in 1999 named Mial as executor . Mial threatened to have Price , 24 , arrested unless she returned property he said had been taken from Coleman 's home since his death . She must also stay away from the Santaquin home where they lived together , Mial said . While Coleman was not believed wealthy when he died , his personal possessions may be valuable to collectors . "  These items include , but are not limited to , numerous televisions and video game systems , a black 2005 Dodge pick-up truck  registered to Coleman  , cargo trailer  registered to Coleman  , model train sets , computers , telephones , musical instruments , and furnishings , " Mial said . "  It is our hope that Miss Price should immediately and respectfully comply with the court 's order , so as to avoid the filing of criminal charges against her , " Mial said . Mial was unable to stop the Globe from publishing the death images , which he accused Price of peddling to tabloids in an "  ongoing desperate attempt " to profit from his death . "  These actions simply illuminate and magnify the truth that our gift of free will may , ultimately , relegate us to a long life of bondage and imprisonment that the life of a social and professional outcast , indeed , will bring , " Mial said Wednesday . "  May God bless Miss Price and her ` free will . ' " A statement released by Price 's publicist Monday did not deny Mial 's accusation , but did say she needed money because she had helped Mial pay for a lawyer . "  Dion , who claims to be a good friend of Gary , would know that Gary 's only wishes were to make sure that Shannon would be OK after he was gone , " the statement said . "  So if Dion was a good friend he would be assisting Shannon , not taking all her money , to pay for his attorney and then use it to take everything from her . "	NEW : Coleman estate administrator says ex-wife will become "  outcast " Deathbed photo shows Gary Coleman and his ex-wife , Shannon Price The two divorced in 2008 , but were living together at the time of Coleman 's death Company confirms it bought the photo , but declines to say from who or for how much
CNN  -- At an immigration reform event in Riverside , California , about a year-and-a-half ago , a man approached attorney Hadley Bajramovic pleading for help . The man was a Mexican immigrant who had been living in the United States illegally for several years . He was also deaf . He abandoned Mexico to flee what he called persecution . He said he was socially ostracized , targeted by police . The abuse was too much to bear . So now he was in California , and had already been ripped off once as he tried to seek asylum in the United States . "  He just stole my heart , " Bajramovic said of the immigrant . It only took that initial short conversation to realize that "  the situation in Mexico is very severe . I realized that there was persecution . " Bajramovic took his case . Then the next week , there were more phone calls to her office from deaf immigrants who had entered the country illegally looking for asylum . As of this week , Bajramovic has had 30 deaf immigrants complete asylum interviews with the pertinent authorities , and has another 30 such clients awaiting their turn . They come from several countries , though the majority are from Mexico . According to Bajramovic , these are the first petitions for asylum by deaf people on the grounds that they are persecuted for their disability . No rulings have been made in any of the novel cases , but critics say that they represent a perversion of the original intent of asylum law . While these types of cases are new , immigrants have long tested the boundaries of what merits persecution for the purposes of remaining legally in the United States . The first asylum application for Bajramovic 's deaf clients was filed in June of last year , and it 's possible that no decisions will be handed down until all 60 cases have had at least an initial interview . Such cases seek to expand the criteria for who qualifies for asylum , said Bob Dane , spokesman for the Federation for American Immigration Reform , an anti-illegal-immigration group . The law "  is being used and abused as a way to game the system , " he said . Some asylum cases such as these are used to postpone a deportation , he added . No matter how frivolous , he said , it buys time . But Bajramovic says the cases are anything but frivolous . "  I think it 's clear , " she said . "  The law provides for certain groups to ask for protection in the U.S. Disabilities is one of those groups , " There are five traditional categories covered by U.S. asylum law : race , religion , nationality , political opinion or membership in a specific social group . The first hurdle that the majority of her clients face , even before they make their case before an immigration judge for asylum , is an administrative one . All but one of the deaf immigrants has to prove that they qualify to apply , even though a deadline to apply for asylum has passed . The law requires that asylum-seekers file within one year of arriving in the United States . Only one of the 60 immigrants in this case meets that requirement , the attorney said . But there exist exceptional circumstances , and Bajramovic says her clients qualify . There is a lack of advocacy in Mexico , and a lack of communication that resulted in the deaf immigrants not knowing that asylum was an option when they arrived in the United States . Furthermore , she argues , once in the United States , they were preyed upon by scammers and developed a fear of immigration help , she said . The bottom line , she said , is that these people "  escaped their home countries because of persecution . " She listed the conditions they faced back home , such as being denied the right to be properly educated , having no formal language until a later age , and abuse by family and police , she said . Mexico 's foreign affairs ministry did not immediately comment on the deaf immigrants ' claims when reached by CNN . The United States simply can not receive every person who is disadvantaged in their home country , Dane said . "  I think the more we push the reasonable boundaries of the definition of asylum , the further we are getting away from its original intent , " he said . But Stephen Yale-Loehr , an asylum law expert at Cornell University Law School , said that the boundaries of asylum law have always been a busy place for novel claims . "  I do n't think there 's a bigger trend . People will always try to be creative , " he said . In December 2009 , after a 14-year legal battle , Guatemalan Rody Alvarado was granted asylum on the grounds that she faced domestic abuse in her homeland . Her attorneys successfully argued that women who face domestic violence may be viewed as a particular social group , a requirement that must be met before asylum can be granted . Last year , a family from Germany who were Christian homeschoolers were granted asylum because of what they described as persecution from German authorities against that type of schooling . They argued that Germany did n't allow homeschooling for reasons of conscience . That said , Yale-Loehr added , the deaf immigrants face an uphill battle . "  They can apply for asylum , but I think they are going to have a hard time winning , " he said . Discrimination is not the same thing as persecution , he said . The onus will be on the immigrants to show that they are being persecuted by the government or by people that the government can not control . In the meantime , Bajramovic 's reputation as a defender of the deaf immigrant community continues to grow . She has invested in sign language translators who can help with a diverse group of immigrants -- many who use unique signs from their individual countries . A few have even moved to California to be represented by her , she said .	60 deaf people , mostly from Mexico , are seeking asylum in the U.S. They say their home governments persecute them , do n't educate them A major hurdle is that only one of the 60 has filed for asylum within deadline Critic says some are "  trying to game the system " to avoid deportation
Gilbert Taylor , who gave the "  Star Wars " films their sharp look as the cinematographer of 1977 's "  Star Wars , " has died , according to Lucasfilm . He was 99 . Taylor died Friday at his home on the Isle of Wight , according to starwars.com . "  From the iconic opening shot of a massive Imperial Star Destroyer chasing the Rebels ' Tantive IV to the setting of twin suns on Tatooine , Taylor played a large role in establishing the visual identity of the entire series , " the website noted . "  Gilbert 's work truly stands the test of time , " said "  Star Wars " mastermind George Lucas in a statement . Taylor was already a well-established cinematographer when "  Star Wars " came along . He oversaw the camerawork on three 1960s classics , Stanley Kubrick 's "  Dr. Strangelove "  1964  ; the Beatles ' first film , "  A Hard Day 's Night "  1964  ; and Roman Polanski 's "  Repulsion "  1965  . He was also the cinematographer for Alfred Hitchcock 's 1972 thriller , "  Frenzy . " "  He was a true expert in his craft . Gilbert 's inspired work will live on in the many films he contributed to throughout his long career , " Lucas said . Among Taylor 's other credits are "  The Omen "  1976  , the 1979 version of "  Dracula " and "  The Bedroom Window "  1987  . People we 've lost in 2013	Gilbert Taylor established distinctive look of "  Star Wars " films He was also cinematographer for "  Dr. Strangelove " and "  A Hard Day 's Night " "  He was a true expert in his craft , " George Lucas says
CNN  -- The mother of passenger No. 63 aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is unable to come out of the shadows of her son 's misdeed to mourn with the rest of the families whose loved ones disappeared on March 8 . "  As a human being , as a mother , nobody thought of me . I am alone with no support except for God , " she wrote after CNN tried to contact her about her son . She is suffering alone because she has shied away from the epicenter of information in Kuala Lumpur . She is n't there to attend the briefings , or to get the grief counseling provided by Malaysia Airlines . She is a mother whose son broke the law to get on the plane , and she is now paying for it . Her son is 18-year-old Pouria Nourmohammadi . He and his friend Delavar Seyed Mohammad Reza , 29 , were the two Iranian men who boarded the Malaysia Airlines flight using stolen passports , investigators say . They were two of the first people to come under suspicion in the plane 's disappearance . Malaysia Airlines says it has not been in contact with the families . Their case is in the hands of investigators , a company representative told CNN . But investigators cleared them of any wrongdoing in connection with the disappearance of the plane early in the investigation . Nourmohammadi 's mother is acutely aware that her son did something illegal , but she says he just wanted to explore his "  beautiful dreams . " "  I dedicated my life to my sons , and all I wanted was for them to be happy in their life . I wanted them to live a free life . I had prayed that I would see him again , but that did n't happen . We will see each other in eternity now . " Going on after sudden loss of a loved one She pours out her grief with pictures of her son , messages to him and symbols of their Christian faith posted on her Facebook page . " ... From the moment I became a mother , all I wanted and asked from God was to not see my children die before me . But of course that did n't happen , " she wrote . CNN met with a friend who dropped Nourmohammadi off at the airport on March 8 in Kuala Lumpur . The friend said that all Nourmohammadi wanted was to find "  freedom . " He boarded the plane with a plan to live in Germany with his mother and never return to Iran , his friend said . His friend did not want to be identified for fear that being associated with the men traveling on stolen passports would make him a target for harassment by authorities when he travels in and out of Iran . But he says Nourmohammadi 's mother called him , looking for answers : "  She was so sad . She was asking me , ` When my son was there , was he happy ? He was enjoying ? ' "  And I said , ` Yeah , as I see . He was happy and he was enjoying . He was OK . ' Then she just said , ` Thank God . ' " Interpol has rebutted Malaysia 's explanation for not checking an international database of lost and stolen passports when passengers boarded Flight 370 , an omission that may have allowed Nourmohammadi and Reza onto the plane . Malaysian Home Minister Datuk Seri Ahmad Zahid Hamidi told the Malay Mail Online last week that using Interpol 's Stolen and Lost Travel Documents  SLTD  database might have slowed down the process of immigration checks at airport counters . He said the country 's immigration equipment could not handle the global database of 40.2 million lost passports . Interpol fired back , saying the problem can not be blamed on technology or the agency . "  Interpol 's SLTD database takes just seconds to reveal whether a passport is listed , with recent tests providing results in 0.2 seconds , " the international law enforcement agency said in a statement . "  The fact is that the U.S. consults this database more than 230 million times per year ; the UK more than 140 million times ; the UAE more than 100 million times and Singapore more than 29 million times . Not one of these countries , or indeed any INTERPOL member country , has ever stated that the response time is too slow . " Nourmohammadi 's Facebook message four days before he got on the plane shows him standing below an iconic Malaysian skyscraper with the words , "  feeling excited . " He never made it to his final destination , just like the other passengers and crew of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight . Nourmohammadi 's mother left this message , hoping it would not fall on deaf ears just because her son broke the law : "  Although he had a stolen passport , " his mother said , "  he was so young with many beautiful dreams . I 'm a mother just like the Chinese mothers , and I want to know what happened too . I trust in God and whatever he wants will happen . But all 239 persons are the same , maybe somebody does n't believe that . " 6 missteps in the investigation Read the cockpit transcript Flight 370 : High-tech search tools CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	Pouria Nourmohammadi used a stolen passport to board the airliner , investigators say "  He boarded the plane with a plan to live in Germany with his mother , " his friend says Nourmohammadi 's mother has shied away from attention She says that although her son broke the law , "  all 239 persons are the same "
CNN  -- Conservationists have found a new population of orangutans in a steep , mountainous corner of Indonesia -- a discovery that significantly adds to the number of the endangered red-haired primates . The orangutans were discovered in a mountainous corner of Indonesia . About 65,000 orangutans are thought to remain in the wild , limited to rain forests on two islands in Malaysia and Indonesia : Borneo and Sumatra . The latest population was found in the eastern edge of Borneo , with conservationists counting 219 nests . Even by conservative estimates , that raises the total number of the orangutan population by at least a couple of hundred , maybe thousands . "  We rarely have something positive to report in the conservation world . Most of the stories are about declining population or animals dying . It 's all pretty negative , " said Erik Meijaard , a senior ecologist with the U.S.-based Nature Conservancy . "  So to find a substantial population of potentially several hundred to several thousand animals is very exciting . " Locals in the area had long spoken of an orangutan population in the hard-to-access limestone mountains of the Kalimantan province . A group of conservationists reached the area in December after driving for a day , taking a boat for another , and then hiking across steep mountainous terrain for two , Meijaard said . The remoteness of the area has meant that the animals have been undisturbed by development . Elsewhere , the orangutan 's forest habitat has been cut down for timber extraction and palm oil , used in food and cosmetics . Orangutans , a species of great apes , with hair that is usually reddish-brown instead of the black or brown . The name is derived from the Malay and Indonesian words for "  orang "  person  and "  hutan "  forest  . They spend most of their time on trees , subsisting on fruit and leading a solitary existence except to mate . The expedition in December found the nests crammed into just a few miles in the 2 million-acre forest . "  The immediate steps include going back to the area to see how far the population ranges and to put better protection in place , " Meijaard said .	Conservationists have found a new population of orangutans in Indonesia Discovery significantly adds to number of the endangered red-haired primates Latest population was found in the eastern edge of Borneo
TIME.com  -- Take a look outside your window . Chances are the air you 'll see is far cleaner than it was decades ago . Since 1980 , levels of ozone pollution -- one of the main ingredients in smog -- have fallen by 25 % in the U.S. , while nitrogen dioxide has fallen by 55 % and sulfur dioxide by 78 % . The change is visual too -- the smog-obscured skies that were once a constant backdrop to cities like Los Angeles in the 1960s and '70s are far less common . It 's easy to assume that America won the war on air pollution , and to look with pity on developing cities like Beijing and New Delhi where the air is still poisoned . There 's just one problem with that sense of satisfaction : the data does n't back it up . According to a new report from the American Lung Association  ALA  , nearly 148 million Americans live in areas where smog and soot particles have led to unhealthy levels of pollution . That means that for almost half of all Americans , simply breathing can be dangerous . Even worse , the report shows that some aspects of air quality have been deteriorating over the past few years in many cities -- from 2010 to 2012 , ozone worsened in 22 of the 25 biggest metropolitan areas , including cities like New York and Chicago . "  Air pollution is not just a nuisance or the haze we see on the horizon ; it 's literally putting our health in danger , " Bonnie Holmes-Gen , senior policy director of the ALA in California , told the Los Angeles Times . "  We 've come a long way , but the status quo is not acceptable . " The news is far from all bad . Thanks in part to the retirement of a number of older coal-fired power plants , levels of particulate pollution -- soot , in other words -- have been dropping in recent years , with cities like Philadelphia and Indianapolis recording their lowest levels yet . And historically , we 're far better off -- as Brad Plumer notes over at Vox , air pollutants as a whole have fallen 72 % since the Clean Air Act was passed in 1970 , even as the economy , population and energy use have all risen . But as the ALA report makes clear , some of that progress is being lost , in part thanks to climate change -- one environmental challenge we 're very much not meeting . Rising levels of ozone pollution have been linked to warmer temperatures , which will make it that much tougher to fight smog in the future . And the government could have done more -- in 2011 , President Barack Obama went against the recommendations of the Environmental Protection Agency  EPA  and rejected a proposal that would have tightened the ozone standard to between 60 and 70 parts per billion .  The level is currently at 75 ppb , set by former President George W. Bush , who was not exactly known as an environmental paragon . Those regulatory battles matter because it 's becoming increasingly clear that healthy air is a moving target . The more scientists learn about the health impacts of air pollution , the more dangerous it appears -- even at comparatively low levels . Last October , the World Health Organization  WHO  officially declared air pollution to be a carcinogen , connecting it directly to lung cancer as well as bladder cancer . And bad air does n't just hurt the lungs -- a raft of studies have connected air pollution , especially soot , to cardiovascular disease , even triggering heart attacks . Even autism has been linked to pollution . In March , the WHO estimated that outdoor air pollution caused 3.7 million premature deaths globally in 2012 -- nearly three times the number of people who die each year from tuberculosis . Climate change gets most of the environmental attention , with reason -- its effects are already being felt , and it has the potential to radically change our world for the worse . But air pollution is sickening and killing millions of people around the world right now . And unlike global warming , the technological and regulatory solutions to conventional air pollution already exist . That 's why it was good news Tuesday when the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the EPA 's ability to control coal-fired power-plant emissions in 28 states . The decision excited greens because it indicates the court will eventually back even more controversial carbon regulations that the Obama White House is busy formulating now , but the regulation that was upheld -- the Cross-State Pollution Rule -- will prevent an estimated 45,000 deaths a year from conventional air pollution once it 's in place . Air pollution remains stubbornly difficult to eliminate , in part because of the vagary of the wind itself , which separates the victims of pollution from its source . As Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote in her decision yesterday , quoting from the Book of John : "  The wind bloweth where it listeth , and thou hearest the sound therof , but canst not tell where it cometh , and whither it goeth . " But if we ca n't control the air , we can control what we put into it -- and protect ourselves .	Report : Nearly 148 million live in U.S. areas with unhealthy smog and soot Some aspects of air quality have been deterioriating , the American Lung Association says Climate change presents a formidable obstacle to progress
CNN  -- Less than two weeks after she was brutally stabbed , a 12-year-old Wisconsin girl is home recuperating and feeling well enough to tease her younger brother , her family says . "  Her physical wounds , thankfully , are healing more quickly than anticipated and her pain is decreasing daily , " the family said in a statement . "  For that , we are so grateful . " The family has designated Tuesday as "  Go Purple " day . It 's the survivor 's favorite color and the family is asking supporters to wear it . The family has asked that the victim not be named for her safety and because she is a minor . Purple is also part of the theme of the official #HeartsForHealing fundraiser for the victim and her family . The campaign has raised more than $ 42,000 toward its goal of $ 250,000 , and has also resulted in an outpouring of homemade purple hearts to be delivered to the girl and her family . "  The messages that people are including in their hearts , the time and effort that they 're putting into some of these projects , it was absolutely incredible , " Dana Hoffman , a family friend and spokeswoman and one of the organizers of the Hearts for Healing campaign , told CNN 's "  New Day . " The girl 's family said it is "  overwhelmed by the outpouring of love from the surrounding community , across the country , and even overseas . " The attack The ordeal began May 31 when the girl went into the woods near her home in Waukesha to play hide-and-seek with two of her friends . Authorities said one girl held the victim down while another stabbed her 19 times , allegedly so that the attackers could impress a fictitious character called Slenderman that often appears in horror stories , videos and images . Who is Slenderman ? One of the girls encountered the name on a website known as Creepypasta Wiki . One of the suspects told police that Slenderman is the site 's supposed leader , and to climb into his realm , a user must kill someone . A bicyclist found the wounded girl alive . The suspects , Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier , were arrested hours later , according to a criminal complaint . They are charged with attempted first-degree intentional homicide . The 12-year-olds are being charged as adults , and bail is set at $ 500,000 for each , Waukesha County District Attorney Brad Schimel said . The recovery The victim is sleeping better at night , her family said . But she gets tired and overwhelmed easily . "  Since coming home , our daughter has enjoyed spending time outside and getting fresh air as well as running a few quick errands with her mom , " the statement said . "  She spent time watching many episodes of ` Full House ' alongside her ` guard pets ' , which consist of a family dog and two cats . Like any older sister , she has also managed to continue teasing her younger brother . " The family has had a few conversations about what happened that day , Hoffman said , mostly focused on how the girl found the strength to crawl out of the woods where she was attacked and seek help . "  I was taken aback by the strength this little girl has , " Hoffman said . When can kids understand reality vs. fantasy ? Bicyclist who found stabbed Wisconsin girl : ` Who did that to you ? ' Opinion : When the bogeyman is a little girl CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Christie Bear contributed to this report . Watch New Day weekdays at 6am-9am ET . For the latest on New Day click here	NEW : Family friend tells "  New Day " she 's "  taken aback by the strength this little girl has " Victim , 12 , is recuperating at home She 's been spending time with family , watching TV and hanging out with her pets Two other 12-year-olds are charged with attempted first-degree intentional homicide
Philadelphia , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The world was watching in 2006 when the Microsoft-designed School of the Future opened in Philadelphia and attempted to reform education . Despite having four principals , curriculum overhauls , and student technology gaps , the school graduated its first senior class last week , with every graduate having plans for institutions of higher learning . "  This is n't a school about technology , this is a school about redefining the norm for urban education , " said Mary Cullinane , director of innovation for Microsoft Education , who is also the liaison to the school . "  We 've had this saying from the very beginning : Money and technology are great , but people are better . " And everything about the state-of-the-art facility , complete with digital whiteboards and streaming video in classrooms , was created to be different from the beginning , too . The majority-minority $ 63 million school was erected with school district funds in the tough Parkside neighborhood in West Philadelphia . The school partnered with Microsoft on new approaches to curriculum , teaching methods and staffing . The school is made up of students chosen by a lottery of public school students , with the majority of them coming from low-income households with limited access to technology and training . The school struggled in its infancy . Its first standardized test scores last year were daunting . Less than 8 percent of 11th-graders scored proficient or higher in math , while just over 23 percent scored proficient or higher in reading . It 's back to basics under the watch of Rosalind Chivis , principal for the last two school years . Regardless of the advancements , Chivis says success is in the approach . "  I do n't care how good the technology is , I do n't care how good the books are , the ancillary materials , if you can not create a stellar climate conducive to good teaching and learning , it 's not going to happen , " Chivis said . "  It 's about connections , it 's about relationships , it 's about caring . " Test scores do n't tell the whole story of School of the Future , according to Cullinane . "  We wanted to take on all the challenges and still show that you could do it , " she said , adding that the school 's mission is to challenge the education status quo , all the while doing it under the same conditions as other public schools in the district . "  And today , with 100 percent of these kids having college plans , I think we showed we can do it . " The original vision called for a paperless and textbook-free school . Students were to be called learners . They would receive laptops for taking notes and tests and doing homework . Students repeated the school mission "  Continuous , Relevant , Adaptive " with ease . "  Things did fall apart here as far as the original vision , " said Iman Griffin , a senior and the school president , adding that students do use paper and textbooks now . "  But we are n't broken , we 're still good , and I believe that I came out better . " Griffin , one of the 118 students who graduated on June 15 , said she plans to attend Indiana University of Pennsylvania to study journalism . College was n't always in the future for Mahcaiyah Wearing-Gooden . There were times during high school that she wanted to give up . She credits the caring staff and individual attention at school with helping to keep her on track . "  When I actually grasped the concept that my future is what I make it , and my future is what I do exactly , I did n't want to fail , I did n't want to give up , I wanted to succeed , " said Wearing-Gooden , who plans to attend Green Mountain College in Vermont to study climatology . "  I wanted to be everything that everyone said that I could n't be . "	Microsoft-designed School of the Future opened in Philadelphia in 2006 Despite having access to state-of-the-art technology , students initially struggled The school started focusing more on one-to-one relationships The first senior class recently graduated and every graduate has college plans
CNN  -- More than 300 people on a Royal Caribbean cruise ship have become ill during a voyage , the Centers for Disease Control said on its website . According to the statement , 281 of the 3,050 passengers and 22 of 1,165 crew members of Explorer of the Seas reported vomiting and diarrhea . In a statement to CNN , Royal Caribbean International said those who fell sick have responded well to over-the-counter medication being administered on board the ship . Janet Diaz , spokesperson for Royal Caribbean International , told CNN that the ship skipped a planned stop in Haiti on Saturday and sailed directly to San Juan , Puerto Rico , where it underwent an extensive sanitizing . The agency said the cause of the illness was unknown . Diaz told CNN the use of special cleaning products designed to kill norovirus will continue to be used throughout the voyage . All responses are being coordinated closely with the CDC , she said . Noroviruses spread easily and are a common cause of gastroenteritis , which produces vomiting and diarrhea , according to the CDC . A CDC health officer and epidemiologist will board the ship in St. Thomas , U.S. Virgin Islands , on Sunday to conduct an investigation , a health assessment and evaluate the response , the CDC release said . Explorer of the Seas left Cape Liberty , New Jersey , on January 21 and is scheduled to make stops in St. Thomas and St. Maarten . Dozens of passengers on cruise fall ill Five things we 've learned about cruising After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ? From CNN 's Janet Digiacomo	281 passengers and 22 crew on Explorer of the Seas report gastrointestinal problems People responding to medications , Royal Caribbean says Vessel undergoes sanitizing in San Juan , Puerto Rico A CDC official will board the ship Sunday to investigate
CNN  -- A man was arrested Friday at the Cannes Film Festival after firing a gun loaded with blanks during a live television interview , sending an Oscar-winning actor running for cover . Canal + was interviewing Christoph Waltz , who won the Academy Award for best supporting actor in "  Django Unchained , " and actor Daniel Auteuil when a man fired two shots from a starter pistol , according to authorities and the French television station . The man allegedly had a dummy grenade in one hand , and footage and photographs of the incident show Waltz and Auteuil being taken offstage and attendees scrambling for cover . The incident , which occurred on the Canal + set along the popular Promenade de la Croisette -- the main boulevard in Cannes -- briefly interrupted the show . Canal + anchor Michel Denisot came back on the air a short time later and told viewers : "  The shots fired were blanks and the grenade was fake . That 's what we know . " No injuries were reported ; French authorities have not identified the man . Pictures of the arrest obtained by The Hollywood Reporter show police wrestling the man to the ground . The man said to a woman next to him , ` If I were you , I would n't stick around here ' , " Denisot later told France 24 . It was far from the typical scripted fare of the Cannes Film Festival , where chaos plays out on screen and not among the audience . The annual festival brings together the rich and famous from around the world for movie screenings and glittering parties . The incident followed news the same day that more than $ 1 million in jewels belonging to the Swiss firm Chopard were stolen from a hotel room in Cannes . The theft of the jewels occurred Thursday night , on the second day of the festival , which opened Wednesday and runs through May 26 . Commandant Bernard Mascarelli , of the Nice police , said the jewelry was stolen from a safe in the Suite Novotel hotel on Boulevard Carnot in Cannes . A Chopard employee was staying in the room but left it to go to dinner from 8 p.m. to 3 a.m. local time , he said . She returned to discover the safe containing the jewels was missing . The whole safe had been unscrewed from the inside of the hotel room and carried out , Mascarelli said . No detailed description has yet been given of the stolen jewels . Chopard , which is an official sponsor of the festival , has provided the Palme d'Or trophy awarded to the director of the best feature film for the past 15 years . The trophy features a 24-carat gold palm attached to a piece of cut crystal . The firm is promoting its Red Carpet Collection 2013 at this year 's festival , with a number of actresses sporting its gems . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	A man fired two rounds from a starter pistol on a Canal + set in Cannes , police say Christoph Waltz and Daniel Auteuil were doing a live interview at the time Canal + anchor tells viewers : "  The shots fired were blanks and the grenade was fake "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan will hold parliamentary elections Monday , with political parties competing for 272 seats in the National Assembly . Election posters jostle for space on a street in Rawalpindi ahead of Pakistan 's elections on Monday . The elections were due to take place in December of last year but were postponed after the assassination of Pakistan People 's Party chairman , Benazir Bhutto . In 2008 , 49 political parties applied for poll symbols with the Election Commission . Outlined below are the main contenders : PPP The assassination of leader Benazir Bhutto looms large over the PPP , which had been banking on the charismatic leader to rally supporters to its cause and shake off the charges of corruption that have dogged the party since Bhutto fled prosecution after two terms as prime minister . The fortunes of the party , launched in 1967 by her father Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto , remains in the hands of her family , with son Bilwal installed as chairman . Founded on promises of "  egalitarian democracy , " the PPP flirted with socialist principles in its early days , gaining a mass popularity that continues to ensure it is among Pakistan 's largest political parties . While the PPP has lost touch with its socialist roots , it remains popular among Pakistan 's oppressed and underprivileged , particularly in the southern province of Sindh , from where the Bhutto family hails . PML-N The PML-N is the largest faction of the Pakistan Muslim League and is led by Nawaz Sharif , who has re-emerged as a political player in Pakistan in the past few months after returning from Saudi Arabia where he was exiled after being ousted from power in a 1999 coup led by Pervez Musharraf . The centrist conservative party was in power twice in the 90s , with both terms ending amid damaging allegations of corruption , despite campaigning on an anti-graft platform . Sharif 's 1997 victory was the largest mandate every recorded in Pakistan , but was immediately called into question by his opponent Bhutto . The term ended in chaos as . PML-N under Sharif received a huge public mandate in 1997 and formed a government with two-thirds majority . Though his rule was credited with economic growth it was cut short when complaints of corruption and an attempt to replace the head of the military backfired when newly-installed army chief Musharraf led a successful coup , forcing him into exile to avoid corruption convictions . Permitted by Musharraf to return to Pakistan last year , Sharif is now banking the PML-N 's fortunes on a platform of renewing the country 's top judiciary -- removed by Musharraf during a state of emergency . PML-Q Formed under guidance from Musharraf in 2001 , the PML-Q was originally a splinter faction of the Pakistan Muslim League , which was able to attract enough dissidents from the PML-N to cobble together an alliance and form a government in 2002 . The largely center-conservative party has seen its power base dented through its association with Musharraf as polls show the president 's falling popularity in the face of the resurgent PPP and PML-N . MMA Formed after Musharraf allied himself to the U.S.-led anti-terror coalition in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 attack on New York and Washington , the MMA is a coalition of six Islamic parties that emerged as a powerful challenger to the president . Opponents have decried the MMA , or Muttahida Majlis Amal 's goal of establishing a theocracy in Pakistan , and its attempts to impose hardline sharia law in the impoverished areas where it exerts greatest control . The resolutely anti-American alliance , dominated by JI  Jamaat I Islami  and JUI-F  Jamiat Ulema Islam  saw success in the 2002 elections in the North West Frontier and Balochistan provinces and went on to form a provincial government in the NWFP and a coalition government in Balochistan . Its prospects are likely to be hampered by a dispute within the alliance over whether to boycott the parliamentary elections . MQM The MQM stands for the Muttahida Qaumi Movement , a party formed to protect the rights of the Urdu-speaking immigrants from India after Partition . Led by Altaf Hussain from his self-imposed exile in the UK , the party has been supportive of Musharraf 's policies and formed part of the PML-Q alliance . Frequently facing allegations of involvement in terrorist activities , the party 's recent efforts to extend its support base to other provinces have yielded little success . ANP The Awami National Party is a nationalist leftist party based in the North West Frontier province that and enjoys widespread popularity with ethnic Pakhtuns . The ANP did not enjoy much success in 2002 but has renewed hopes as the MMA 's following fades in the Frontier . PTI Pakistan Tehrik I Insaf is headed by the cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan . Vitriolic in his criticism of Musharraf 's policies , Khan has failed to capitalize on his popularity as a sportsman , seeing his party take just one seat in the 2002 elections . PTI has said it will boycott the 2008 elections . E-mail to a friend	Pakistan will hold parliamentary elections Monday Political parties competing for 272 seats in the National Assembly 49 political parties have applied for poll symbols with the Election Commission
Washington  CNN  -- A new classified directive to coalition forces in Afghanistan puts restrictions on nighttime raids of Afghan homes and compounds , according to a senior U.S. official who has seen the document . The official declined to be identified because a declassified version of the document has not been made public . The directive is signed by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top NATO commander in Afghanistan , the official said . The directive comes as the coalition seeks to reduce tension between its military forces and Afghan civilians in an effort to maintain Afghan public support . Nighttime raids in which troops enter private homes have sparked problems for U.S. and NATO forces . The raids are viewed as overly invasive -- a violation of the privacy of the home in Afghan culture -- and they can turn violent . The document orders forces to use Afghan troops at night "  whenever possible " to knock on doors of residences and compounds , and to use them if forcible action is required for entry , the official said . But the directive also orders troops to "  conduct an analysis " of whether it is militarily essential to conduct a raid at night or whether it can be put off until daylight , the official said . If troops can keep a target under surveillance but wait for daylight , they then can enlist the aid of village elders , perhaps , in determining if a home or compound poses a threat , the official said . The official emphasized that troops always have the right to defend themselves and are given leeway to use their best judgment on the battlefield . McChrystal also is updating another directive , first issued last year , on conducting operations to minimize civilian casualties , the official said . The updated version , which is yet to be published , will include "  more clarity " for troops on how to operate in "  escalation of force " incidents , such as when a vehicle approaches a checkpoint in a potentially threatening manner and troops must decide whether , and when , to fire at it . The official declined to offer further details but said the aim is to make sure even the most junior troops have full understanding of rules and procedures . Some troops and local commanders have expressed concerns that recent rules can inhibit their ability to take action under fire . These directives come as the coalition has been involved in several recent incidents in which civilians were inadvertently killed , and as the coalition conducts major operations in southern Afghanistan . McChrystal released a video message to the Afghan populace apologizing for an incident this week in which 27 Afghan civilians were killed . "  I have made it clear to our forces that we are here to protect the Afghan people . I pledge to strengthen our efforts to regain your trust to build a brighter future for all Afghans , " he said in the message . The official said the documents may be made public in the coming weeks , after current operations ease .	U.S. official : Directive pertains to coalition forces ' raids on Afghan homes , compounds Coalition trying to lower tension between military and civilians , keep Afghan public support Raids seen as violation of privacy of Afghan homes , and they can turn violent New rules are said to call for use of Afghan troops , analysis of whether night raid is essential
CNN  -- A Maryland woman involved with a group described as a religious cult pleaded guilty in the starvation death of her son , but insisted that the charges be dropped when he is resurrected . Under terms of her plea agreement , Ria Ramkissoon 's charges will be dropped if her son rises from the dead . The condition was made a part of Ria Ramkissoon 's plea agreement , officials said . She entered the plea Monday in Baltimore , Maryland , to a first-degree felony count of child abuse resulting in death , her attorney , Steven Silverman , said Tuesday . Ramkissoon , a member of a group called One Mind Ministries , believes Javon Thompson , her year-old son , will rise again , and as part of her plea agreement , authorities agreed to the clause . "  She certainly recognizes that her omissions caused the death of her son , " Silverman said . "  To this day , she believes it was God 's will and he will be resurrected and this will all take care of itself . She realizes if she 's wrong , then everyone has to take responsibility ... and if she 's wrong , then she 's a failure as a mother and the worst thing imaginable has happened . I do n't think that , mentally , she 's ready to accept that . " Under the plea agreement , Ramkissoon , 22 , must testify against four other One Mind Ministries members who are also facing charges , including first-degree murder , in Javon 's death . At her sentencing , set for August , she will receive a 20-year sentence , which will be suspended except for the time she has already served behind bars , Silverman said . She must also undergo deprogramming and psychiatric counseling . In court Monday , it was clarified that the "  resurrection clause " would apply only in the case of Javon 's actual resurrection -- not a perceived reincarnation , Silverman said . "  This has never come up in the history of American law , as far as I 've seen , " Silverman said , adding that the clause was "  very important to her . " "  On one level , she certainly is competent to stand trial , because she does recognize that as far as her legal entanglements are concerned , this is a grand-slam resolution for her , " Silverman said . "  On the other hand , she 's still brainwashed , she 's still delusional as far as the teachings and influence of this cult , and she certainly is going to benefit with professional help and deprogramming . " Ramkissoon and the others are accused of denying Javon food after the group 's leader , a 40-year-old woman who goes by the name Queen Antoinette , decreed the boy was a demon since he refused to say "  amen " after meals , Silverman said . "  Ria would cling to him every day and try to get him to say ` amen , ' " Silverman said . Eventually , Queen Antoinette ordered that Ramkissoon be separated from the child , he said . Javon is believed to have died in December 2006 , court documents allege . Following his death , the group members put the boy 's body in a back room , and "  everyone was directed to come in and pray , " according to the documents . "  The Queen told everyone that ` God was going to raise Javon from the dead . ' Javon remained in the room for an extended period of time  in excess of one week  . The resurrection never took place . " Authorities believe the boy 's body was then placed into a wheeled suitcase along with mothballs and fabric-softener sheets , documents said . Prosecutors allege Antoinette opened the suitcase periodically and sprayed its interior with Lysol to mask the decomposition odor . The group then moved to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , and befriended a man who agreed to take care of their luggage before they left , documents said . The body was found in April 2008 , still inside the suitcase , in the man 's storage shed . All five One Mind Ministries members were set to stand trial Monday . The case against the others has been postponed , Silverman said , as Antoinette and another woman lack attorneys and must either obtain one or waive their right to counsel . Silverman added that Antoinette has suggested , though not said outright , that God is representing her . Court documents say Ramkissoon joined One Mind Ministries after Javon 's birth in 2005 . Silverman described her as a petite , soft-spoken woman who rejected her family 's Hindu religion , became a devout Christian and wanted to raise her son in that religion . "  She did n't want to have to work or go to school . She just wanted to take care of her son , and they offered her all this , " he said . The group insisted she wear a uniform the colors of royalty : white , tan and blue ; give up her cell phone ; stop referring to her family members by name ; and not leave her home on her own , among other things , he said . "  They really isolated her , brainwashed her , and you see what happened . " Ramkissoon 's mother , Seeta Khadan Newton , notified various agencies that her grandson was missing after she traveled to New York City in February 2008 to find her daughter , court documents said . Newton told authorities that when she spoke to Ramkissoon and asked about Javon , her daughter replied , "  He 's gone . He 's lost , " but gave no further information . Silverman said he realized right away after consulting with Ramkissoon that he needed to communicate her story to the public and to prosecutors . "  Once you get to understanding the story , understanding what Ria went through , and her intentions ... it becomes quite clear that Ria , although many may not think her hands are clean , a reasonable , rational person would have some sympathy . "	Javon Thompson is believed to have died in December 2006 One Mind Ministries members prayed for his resurrection When he did n't rise , his body was put in a suitcase with mothballs Under terms of plea deal , charges will be dropped if he rises from dead
Crews have found the bodies of the Turkish pilots killed in last month 's downing of their jet by Syria , an incident that prompted an outbreak of hostile rhetoric between the two nations that continued Wednesday . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , in an interview published in the Turkish newspaper Cumhuriyet Wednesday , lambasted Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan for interfering in Syrian internal politics . And Turkey 's foreign minister disputed some of al-Assad 's assertions Tuesday about the downing of the jet . Syria shot down the F-4 Turkish Phantom jet on June 22 , intensifying the animosity between the countries , whose once-close relationship has eroded since the al-Assad regime begain cracking down on opposition forces 16 months ago . "  We would never allow outsiders to interfere in our affairs , " al-Assad told the newspaper . "  This initial desire to interfere in our internal affairs , unfortunately , made Turkey a party in all the bloody activities in the later process . Turkey has supplied all kinds of logistic support to the terrorists who kill our people . " Al-Assad : I wish the Turkish jet shootdown did n't happen Al-Assad accused Erdogan of "  acting with sectarian impulses . " Most of the populations of Turkey and Syria are Sunni , but the al-Assad regime is dominated by Alawites , an offshoot of Shiite Islam . Erdogan , whose government is hosting anti-Assad opposition groups and thousands of Syrian refugees fleeing Syria 's violence , wants "  terrorists to be free in Syria , " al-Assad said , asserting that the prime minister is "  very excited about the Muslim Brotherhood movement in Syria " -- a Sunni movement . "  The impulse to help and defend Muslim Brotherhood constituted the real starting point and basis of the Syria policy that Erdogan has been following , " al-Assad said , accusing the Turkish prime minister of a setting a double standard in his foreign policies . "  For example , why does he cry for the Syrian people in a hypocritical way but  is  not crying for those killed in the Gulf countries ? " he asked . "  Why does n't he meddle with the democracy problems of those countries ? " Al-Assad 's published comments came as the Turkish military reported finding the bodies of the two Turkish pilots of the downed jet . The bodies of Capt. Gokhan Ertan and First Lt. Hasan Huseyin were "  found at the bottom " of the Mediterranean Sea , "  shot by Syria in the international waters , " the military said in a statement . Turkish crews were working to retrieve the bodies , the military said . In the first installment of the interview with the Syrian president , published Tuesday in Cumhuriyet , al-Assad expressed regret over the plane incident . He said his soldiers had thought it was an Israeli warplane . "  The Turkish people are our brothers and something that would make them sad would never make me happy and it did not . If this was an Israeli plane , of course , I would have been happy , " he said . The plane was using the same flight corridor that Israeli planes had used three times before , he said . "  Since we could n't see it on our radars and no information was given either , the soldiers downed it . We learned that it belonged to Turkey after shooting it down . " But Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , in an interview with the Turkish newspaper , asked , "  How many times have they fired at an Israeli plane before ? Moreover , they are legally at war with Israel . That they launched such an attack on our plane even when no such attack has been launched against an Israeli plane shows that they do not have any goodwill towards us . " Davutoglu also disputed al-Assad on the radar claim . "  Either the Syrian air defense is not as powerful as he claims or what he says is a clear lie . As soon as our plane takes off from Malatya , all the countries in the area can monitor the movements of it . This is not a secret but an open mission , and the profile of the flight is one that can be monitored by countries even with the simplest airspace systems . It is also wrong that they say they could n't determine its identity because we also have records that they identified it . "  They say we would not shoot it down if we knew it was a Turkish plane . Let 's say they did n't know the RF-4 was a Turkish plane , then why did they open fire on the Casa plane that was going for help ? It was obvious that it was coming from Turkey , " he said . Turkey scrambles jets as Syrian choppers near border Davutoglu said he agreed with just one of the comments made by al-Assad in the Tuesday interview . "  That is when he says , ` If I knew it would be for the good of my country , I would n't stay even for a day . ' That is very correct and he should do what this requires as soon as possible . He should not stay there even for a day , " Davutoglu said . Meanwhile , at least 70 people -- including 10 children and three women -- were killed Wednesday in Syria , opposition activists said . The carnage has spiked in recent days , with at least 109 people killed Sunday , 114 people Monday and 71 Tuesday , opposition activists said . The regime maintains it is fighting against "  armed terrorist groups . " Opposition activists and many world leaders say regime forces have been attacking cities nationwide in an attempt to wipe out dissidents seeking al-Assad 's ouster . His family has ruled Syria for more than 40 years . This week , Syrian authorities "  stormed terrorists dens " in the Homs countryside and seized a warehouse containing explosive devices , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported Wednesday . CNN can not independently confirm the reports of casualties or violence because Syria restricts access by international journalists . Syrian opposition leaders who have been meeting in Cairo said they support the rebel Free Syrian Army and oppose negotiations with the al-Assad regime . They said they believe U.N. and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan 's six-point peace plan needs to be strengthened so it can be executed effectively . The opposition supports Annan 's plan in theory , but say it has to be improved . That sentiment comes on the heels of a plan laid out by global diplomats in Geneva over the weekend that called for a transitional government to be established . According to the plan , backed by Russia and China as well as the West , such a government "  could include members of the present government and the opposition and other groups and shall be formed on the basis of mutual consent . " The Syrian Foreign Ministry issued a statement of general support for the plan , but did n't address the transitional government issue . "  We have noticed the vagueness of several points in the final document , which need explanation , " the ministry said . "  However , since the participants adhere to the fact that the Syrian population alone is the final decision maker with regards to its future with no foreign intervention , then all matters are negotiable in a national dialogue . " More than 14,000 people -- most of them civilians -- have been killed since the Syrian uprising began 16 months ago , opposition groups said . A spokesman for the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Wednesday that the group had tallied the total killed at 16,757 . Of them , 11,657 were civilians , 4,227 were members of the military or security forces and 873 were defectors or members of the opposition Free Syrian Army , said Rami Abdulrahman , the spokesman . Opinion : Tracking down torture in Syria Report describes torture in Syria New attempt to end Syrian bloodshed brings optimism , doubt	Al-Assad accuses Turkey of interfering in Syria 's internal affairs Turkey 's foreign minister disputes al-Assad on some points Syria 's shootdown of the Turkish jet intensified the animosity Opposition leaders huddled in Cairo
CNN  -- Passengers were asked to help pay for fuel on a Beirut-bound Air France flight that had to be diverted to Syria this week , the airline said . In the end , passengers did not have to go into their pockets to help fuel the plane , the airline said . "  Air France confirms that it asked passengers if they had cash , as payments for fuel can only be made in cash in Damascus , " an Air France statement said . "  Ultimately , Air France could pay the full amount itself , and passengers did not have to advance any cash . " The incident occurred Wednesday on a flight from Paris to Beirut . Because of security concerns in Beirut , the plane was scheduled to divert to Jordan . The plane could not secure a flight path to Amman , so instead , the crew decided to land in Damascus , Air France said . It was during the two-hour stopover in the Syrian capital that passengers were asked for gas money . After Air France figured out the issue , the passengers were flown to Cyprus and then taken to Beirut on Thursday . "  Air France apologizes to its customers for the inconvenience , " the airline said .	"  Air France confirms that it asked passengers if they had cash , " airline says The incident occurred Wednesday on a flight from Paris to Beirut Passengers ultimately did not have to pay for fuel
LONDON , England  CNN  -- London commuters crammed onto buses , scrambled for taxis , cycled or simply walked on Wednesday as a strike by Tube workers shut down most of the subway network . Commuters queue for packed buses in London on Wednesday morning . The strike began Tuesday at 7 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  but the first full effects were felt during Wednesday 's morning commute . The strike was set to last for 48 hours with a normal service resuming Friday morning , according to Transport for London  TfL  , which runs the city 's transportation network . The RMT trade union called the strike after talks with management over pay , job cuts , and disciplinary issues broke down . "  RMT does n't resort to industrial action lightly , " General Secretary Bob Crow said in a statement . "  The fact is that Tube workers have been driven into walking out today . " Transport Commissioner Peter Hardy said the talks had been making progress on all issues and he urged the RMT to return to the table . "  The RMT leadership says we were close to a deal , " Hardy said in a statement . "  If that is the case , then they should call off the strike , return to talks ... and resolve this issue without any more disruption to Londoners . " TfL was running extra buses and free shuttle services across the River Thames during the strike . Electronic travel cards used for the TfL network were temporarily being allowed on all train lines in greater London , it said . While most services on the Tube were shut because of the strike , one line -- the Northern line -- was running normally and five others were running on a reduced schedule , TfL said . "  It 's been really good , " a girl on Oxford Street told CNN about her commute . "  The Northern line is running perfectly . " Still , some bus services were packed with commuters who normally ride the underground trains or who failed to find a taxi . "  I think we 'd all like to strike for more money , but unfortunately we ca n't , " said one woman at Oxford Circus , where the Tube is closed . Others hit the pavement and walked . "  It 's OK -- quite refreshing , " said a man on Regent Street . He said he had just walked from Liverpool Street Station , a train station as well as a Tube stop that is more than 2.5 miles away . The RMT represents about half of the 20,000 employees on the Tube , a TfL spokeswoman said . Other unions including Unite and TSSA represent the rest , she said , and were not on strike .	London transport system crippled as Tube workers go on strike Normal service not due to resume until Friday morning Buses crammed with commuters ; many chose to cycle , walk to work RMT trade union called strike in dispute over pay , job cuts , disciplinary issues
CNN  -- Serbian tennis player Viktor Troicki has told CNN in an exclusive interview that he has been "  treated like a criminal " following the year-long ban he received after missing a drugs test in April . The 27-year-old was speaking less than 24 hours after compatriot and world No. 2 Novak Djokovic branded anti-doping procedures in tennis as "  ridiculous " following the treatment of his close friend . "  I have been treated like a criminal " Troicki said on Wednesday , explaining how he was barred from attending Serbia 's Davis Cup clash against Canada two months ago because of his troubles . "  I was n't even allowed in the arena . They said it was not possible for me to attend -- even to be a spectator who bought a ticket and attended the match . "  A lot of the players have been behind me , and gave me their support , so that means a lot to me in the toughest time of my career . " Troicki , a former top-20 player , was initially handed an 18-month ban for missing a drugs test at the Monte Carlo Masters , which was reduced to 12 months on Tuesday after an appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport  CAS  . The Serb maintains he was given permission to miss the test due to illness and the fact he has a phobia of needles . "  It 's very bad news that we got for him , and for me , for all of us who are close to him , " said Djokovic , who arrived at the press conference with written notes on the subject . "  But I think it 's just not bad news for him , it proves again that this system does not work . " Djokovic used his post-match press conference following a three-set victory over Roger Federer at the ATP World Tour Finals to launch an attack on the sport 's various governing bodies as he vigorously defended Troicki . The six-time grand slam champion went on to claim that the consequences of not completing the test were not made plain to Troicki at the time . "  First of all , he 's not positive on any banned substance , " continued Djokovic . "  I 'm not saying that it 's completely not his fault . "  She  the Doping Control Officer  did not clearly present him with all the severe consequences that he will have if he avoids that . She told him that he needs to write a report and that he will be just fine . "  And because of her negligence and because of her unprofessionalism , he is now off the tour for one year . And now it makes me nervous as a player to do any kind of test . " Blog : Nine reasons to watch the ATP World Tour Finals In his interview with CNN World Sport , Troicki confessed to being both surprised and moved by Djokovic 's comments . "  I did n't actually know he was going to say that - and the way he said it really meant the world to me , " he said from Belgrade . "  To have the support of a good friend of mine was just amazing at this moment , and I thank him so much . He 's really my true friend and I saw that in this moment . "  Not only him but other players too --  Jelena  Jankovic ,  Janko  Tipsarevic and Rafa  Nadal  have also said nice things . " Loss of Trust As a result of Troicki 's ban , which is a double blow because he will have to compete in lesser tournaments upon his return given his loss of ranking points , Djokovic said he has lost all faith in the ability of anti-doping authorities to conduct accurate and reliable tests . "  I do n't have trust in them anymore , " said the 26-year-old . "  I do n't have trust in what 's going on . "  I do n't know if tomorrow the  anti-doping  representative , because of the unprofessionalism , because of their negligence , because of their inability to explain the rules in a proper way , I do n't know if they 're going to misplace the test that I have or anything worse than that . "  For me , the whole procedure of the court case is totally against the player and player 's rights . "  Now in Viktor 's case , he 's going to be sanctioned until July next year , and this lady , the DCO , she 's going to come back tomorrow for the job . Nobody is going to answer for that . Only him . Why ? "  For me , this is total injustice . It 's just incredible . " He went on to criticize the ATP , the body which governs the elite men 's tour , for not offering greater support to Troicki or Marin Cilic , who this year served a four-month ban -- reduced from nine months on appeal to CAS -- after testing positive for a banned substance which he claims to have taken unknowingly . "  After this kind of announcement and after this particular situation , the only one who is suffering here is the player , " continued Djokovic . "  The ATP , which is supposed to be an association of players of tennis professionals , which is supposed to be the governing body , the association that stands behind the players , is not going to answer on this announcement , is not going to do anything for Viktor . "  So Viktor is there by himself . Tomorrow it can be anybody else . Cilic was there in this situation . "  I 'm emotionally connected to Viktor but , looking at the whole scenario , it does n't give me any trust in that , in them , in the whole procedure , in the whole rules , in anything . "  That 's it . That 's my statement . Sorry , but that 's what I had to do . Not just because of him , but because of the sake of the players and because of the sake of the sport . It 's just ridiculous . " Troicki 's manager Corrado Tschabuschnig was grateful that the CAS had reduced his client 's ban , but he was "  very disappointed " that the sanction was still 12 months . "  It 's another big setback , we were all expecting six months , but we will try to be as positive as we can , " Tschabuschnig told CNN . "  We all believed that Viktor was going to get back into the top 20 in the world and his coach Jack Reader was doing a great job . Now we have to rethink everything . " On the support Troicki has received from Djokovic , Tschabuschnig added : "  Novak trusts Viktor . " Policing tennis The International Tennis Federation  ITF  accepted CAS ' decision to reduce Troicki 's ban , but reacted strongly to criticism of anti-doping officials . "  The ITF , as the administrator of the Tennis Anti-Doping Program on behalf of the Grand Slam tournaments , ATP and WTA , is committed with our partners to protect the integrity of the game of tennis , " read an ITF statement issued prior to Djokovic 's outburst . "  We respect the ruling of the CAS ... what is harder to accept is criticism of doping control officers who perform a difficult role . "  Finally , separate from this decision , we should all remember that exactly one year ago anti-doping programs around the world were under scrutiny . "  This reinforced the need to be vigilant and apply the rules strictly , something that we and our partners in the tennis anti-doping program strive to do to keep our sport clean . "	Novak Djokovic criticizes anti-doping procedures in tennis Banned for missing a drugs test , Viktor Troicki laments ` toughest time of career ' World No. 2 Djokovic says he has lost all trust in tennis ' anti-doping measures The Serb says ATP needs to offer more support to players accused of doping offenses
Washington  CNN  -- A "  grand " moment for the Clintons , a spotlight on Elizabeth Warren , more muted White House expectations about Iran , and stretch-run GOP calculations filled our weekly trip around the "  Inside Politics " table . 1 . TWO EVENTS , ONE CONTRAST : CLINTON VS. WARREN Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren are featured in high-profile events happening at the same time Monday -- both in New York City . Maeve Reston of The Los Angeles Times reminds us it is a great opportunity for those who like to compare and contrast the agendas and approaches of the Democratic Party 's leading women . "  Obviously , a lot of people on the left would like to see Elizabeth Warren run , " says Reston . "  But she 's been out there on the trail doing a lot more for Democratic candidates so far than Hillary Clinton , who 's been really focused on her own agenda , " Reston adds . "  So it will be interesting to watch that contrast and whether Hillary , who will be doing more Democratic events ,  is  building up a little resentment there by not getting out on the trail . " The Clinton event is part of the Clinton Global Initiative 's focus on women and girls . Sen. Warren is headlining a big EMILY 'S LIST fund-raiser . 2 . IF FOR SOME REASON HILLARY 'S EVENT DOES N'T HAPPEN ... Yes , there is work for the Clinton Global Initiative . And events to help Democrats gin up women 's turnout in the midterms . But the most important upcoming event in Clintonland is the arrival of daughter Chelsea Clinton 's baby -- the first grandchild for Bill and Hillary Clinton . And Politico 's Maggie Haberman tells us the "  baby watch " is both a personal and political turning point for the likely 2016 Democratic front-runner . "  The Clintons have not said when  their  daughter , Chelsea Clinton , is due with  their  first grandchild ... but it is believed to be within the next few weeks , " says Haberman . "  Hillary Clinton has said this is the thing that will impact , to some extent , anyway , her thinking about running for president , and so we are now entering that window . She says she 's going to see what being a grandmother feels like . " 3 . A BET ON SCOTT BROWN IN NEW HAMPSHIRE The U.S. Chamber of Commerce , a big player in this year 's GOP Super PAC spending , is making a big bet on Scott Brown and the New Hampshire Senate race . Fresh from a new research effort in the Granite State , the Chamber is convinced that the race , a dead heat entering the final six weeks , can be swayed by aggressively linking incumbent Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen to President Barack Obama . Watch for a tough new ad this week making the case that she has supported the President more than 90 % of the time . The latest CNN poll put the President 's approval rating in New Hampshire at 35 % . Looking to make a splash , the Chamber is buying time in the more expensive Boston TV market in addition to New Hampshire outlets . 4 . A LAME-DUCK FOCUS ON IMMIGRATION ? Congress is gone until after the midterm vote , and GOP leaders are breathing sighs of relief because there were no last-minute surprises that might have hurt the party 's election efforts . Well , Robert Costa of The Washington Post reports , that 's no accident . But his conversations with key tea party leaders suggest there might well be some fireworks in the so-called "  lame duck " session scheduled for after the election . "  They 're already planning to fight the president if he moves forward on executive action on immigration , " explains Costa . "  In fact ,  Republican Congressman  Steve King  from Iowa  told me that he 's prepared to tie government funding in December to blocking any potential executive action . So we could have another showdown on the horizon if that happens . " 5 . U.S. and IRANIAN LEADERS AT U.N. , BUT LOW EXPECTATIONS It almost happened last year : a meeting between the leaders of the United Sates and Iran . And you could argue there is more urgency this year , given the potential for Iran to shape the fight against ISIS . But Julie Pace of The Associated Press reports that the Obama White House is going to great lengths to note grievances with Iran as it lowers expectations for any dramatic diplomatic moment as both President Obama and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani attend United Nations events this week . "  Nuclear talks with Iran are deadlocked , there 's a lot of tension over whether the U.S. and Iran will work together to fight the Islamic State , and most importantly , White House officials are absolutely furious with Iran for detaining a Washington Post reporter and his wife , " says Pace . "  And the takeaway for the White House has been that while Rouhani and his colleagues may talk more moderately than some of their predecessors , a lot of the actions have n't changed and there 's not a sense that having a meeting would be productive at this point . " Clinton 's fall to-do list	U.S. and Iranian leaders to meet at UNGA ? Time will tell Clinton grandbaby watch 2014 Chamber of Commerce betting on Brown
CNN  -- From Airbnb to GasBuddy to shopkick , lots of apps and websites help consumers save money . But how do we spend less on technology itself -- that digital drug we ca n't seem to get enough of ? How can we save money on electronic gadgets and services ... so that we can buy more gadgets ? Here are 10 ways to stretch your tech budget this year : 1 . Employ smart strips . Surge protectors have saved countless gadgets from being electrocuted over the years . But new ones like Take Charge 's Power Saver Smart Strip are even better because they save money on your monthly power bill by killing standby power  aka vampire or phantom power  that most electronics consume even when turned off . In my case , after installing two smart strips  one in my office , the other on the entertainment center  , I 've saved at least $ 10 per month on my power bill since August -- more than enough to justify the $ 30 cost of each . 2 . Buy less computer  or data  . Processing power , bandwidth and chipsets used to mean a lot when deciding on a computer or Internet provider . But most computers and data plans today are really fast . Even when they 're not , software developers have made perceptible gains in making gadgets and data feel faster than they really are . So instead of paying for a top-of-the-line machine , blazingly fast speeds or unlimited data , consider a lower-powered but still functional alternative . You 'd be surprised how many people are buying too much computer or data for their needs . 3 . See gadgets as assets . This is what I call my perpetual technology fund . It works like this : Two or three times a year , I identify gadgets , handhelds , old phones , laptops and gaming devices I no longer use  follow the dust  and/or have no intention of using over the next 12 months . The ones with value that I choose not to give away , I 'll resell on Craigslist , eBay , or similar classifieds like Gazelle.com . In some cases , you can expect several hundred dollars in "  returns , " which , of course , can then be used to subsidize your next tech purchase . 4 . Cut cable TV  and buy your own cable modem  . Like many tips on my list , this one , too , requires additional effort , but the savings can be immeasurable . First , stop renting a cable or internet modem if you have n't already . They cost less than $ 50 on average and quickly recoup the $ 5/month leasing fee . Next , see if you can find your favorite shows and programs on streaming websites such as Netflix , Amazon and Hulu . You may have to make a few sacrifices , but $ 100 a month in savings ai n't a bad consolation prize . 5 . Use freeware as often as you can . After paying hundreds of dollars for accounting software over the years , I recently switched to a free online service . It does everything my old software did at no additional cost . And there are a lot of other freemium software products to help you do what you need for less  or nothing  . So get clicky with Google and see what 's out there . 6 . Avoid extended warranties . I know a lot of people get peace of mind when buying extended warranties on pricey TVs , smartphones and other gadgets . But the fact remains , according to numerous consumer reports , that extended warranties cost more money on average than what they might eventually save in the unlikely event your gadget breaks beyond its default warranty . This has certainly been the case with me . I 've had stuff covered under warranty . Most of my tech survives without problem . And I 've had a few devices out of warranty that I paid for . But overall , I 've saved a lot more than I would have paying for extended warranties . My free accounting software says so ! 7 . Consider refurbished gadgets . Contrary to popular myth , refurbished electronics are often as good as new . For example , my friend just bought a beautiful MacBook for hundreds less than it would have cost new . It came in a new box . Smelled new . Featured those protective stickers that are always fun to pull off . And was really shiny . Even better , it 's still under warranty . 8 . Buy cheap digital cables . Most digital cables are created equal . I say most because I 've had a cheapo digital cable go out on me . But I was only out a few dollars . And most of the knockoff digital cables I 've bought -- including HDMI , iPhone cables , audio cables , etc. -- are still going strong after several years . Together , they 've helped me pocket hundreds of dollars in savings  which I use to buy more tech  . 9 . Buy online . Before you roll your eyes and let out a big old "  duh , " remember that shopping online often requires additional patience before seeing significant savings . For example , if you need an item right away and opt for expedited  and costly  shipping , you might be better off to buy at retail . Free shipping can take more than a week in some cases . But there are good deals out there . And even if you do n't end up buying online , you should research prices there first before stepping into a brick-and-mortar store . 10 . Buy smart rechargeables . Rechargeable batteries have come a long way over the last decade . In fact , batteries such as Sanyo 's Eneloops now pack more than enough juice to power all your electronics . These ai n't your father 's rechargeable batteries , so start buying and start saving .	Blake Snow offers these 10 ways to help stretch your tech budget this year Smart strips save money on your monthly power bill by killing standby power Buy refurbished electronics , which are often as good as new Resell your old gadgets on Craigslist , Ebay , or similar classifieds like Gazelle.com
CNN  -- As Japan 's fifth prime minister in four years , Naoto Kan hopes the revolving door of Japanese politics will remain closed long enough for him to reinvigorate the country . "  The Japanese economy has remained stagnant and suicides have remained 30,000 or so per annum for many years now . So , Japan as a country has lost its vigor , it feels very much closed in for various reasons , " he told CNN in his first interview with a non-Japanese broadcaster . Kan indicated five areas that he and his government have been addressing to help open up the country since he succeeded former Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama in June . "  The first is that we need to grow the economy , the second is to strive for fiscal consolidation and the third is to reform our social security system , and the fourth is to achieve what I call regional sovereignty to change the shape of this country and the fifth is for the Japanese people to actively , with ownership , engage in diplomacy . "  Ten years down the road I believe that Japan will emerge stronger and more vigorous economically , socially and otherwise . " Considered a man of the people , Kan came to prominence in the 1990s when he exposed a government cover-up of HIV-infected blood distributed to hemophiliacs . He stepped down as leader of the Democratic Party of Japan six years ago after being embroiled in a pensions scandal , but his political revival was complete this summer when he succeeded Hatoyama as Prime Minister . Since he arrived in office , Kan has had to deal with a number of issues , among them the recent clash with China over the territorial claims of islands in the East China Sea . "  I believe in any country , matters that relate to its territory would , of course , provoke strong sentiments amongst the people of that country . But I trust that five years , ten years down the road , when people look back at how we dealt with that , people then will appreciate that my cabinet dealt with the issue in a calm manner , " he said . " -LSB- A -RSB- s far as Japan is concerned , there is no territorial issue connected to the Senkaku Islands . In fact , the Senkaku Islands are ... inherent territory of Japan that is recognized in our history and also by international law . " The islands are known as the Diaoyu Islands in China . "  China has become a major presence for most countries around the world but notably for its neighboring countries in Asia . So I think it is a common position for Japan and its Asian neighbors that we certainly would strive to maintain as much as possible friendly relations with China . But at the same time seek China to behave in accordance with international rules . " Kan 's predecessor resigned after failing to hold an election pledge to move an unpopular U.S. military base away from its current location on the island of Okinawa . While Kan told CNN that plans have been agreed to move the based , he reiterated the strength of the Japanese-U.S. relationship . "  I believe the Japan-U.S. relationship is in very good shape today . I have met President Barack Obama twice and in both of these meetings we have agreed that we should further deepen and advance the Japan-U.S. alliance and more specifically we have agreed that we should further deepen our relations on three pillars , that is security , our economy , and cultural , and people-to-people exchanges , " he said . A strong yen , cause for concern for many Japanese companies and workers , was in part blamed by Kan on the state of the U.S. economy . "  I believe one of the basic causes for that situation is the fact that the U.S. economy , whilst undergoing some changes , if anything , is being steered toward a weaker dollar , " he said . "  If you want to change this strong yen situation we need to do three things . First of all , we need to invest more overseas ... The second thing we need to do is to increase domestic demand ... -LSB- and -RSB- as agreed at the G20 summit , should there be excessive fluctuations in exchange markets , then we need to take resolute actions . " One of the most questioning voices of Kan so far has been his wife , who wrote a book entitled , "  What on Earth Will Change Now That You Are Prime Minister ? " The couple have a playfully adversarial relationship -- when they fight "  she always wins , " Kan said . "  What she tells me all the time is that she is a primary voter , meaning that when I talk to our voters about my ideas , she says if she does not get convinced with what I say , no voters would buy my argument . She tells me to try to convince her first with my argument . For me , she is the most challenging voter . "	Naoto Kan became Prime Minister of Japan in June 2010 Kan says that Senkaku Islands are ` inherent territory of Japan ' Strong yen is because U.S. economy is steered towards weak dollar , he says
In the mid-1990s , conditions were right for California to build the multilingual economy of the future . A slumping economy needed a boost . A remarkably multilingual population -- including millions of Spanish speakers -- was already in place . Bilingual education programs -- pioneered and developed in Miami over the prior three decades -- were already being established in school districts from San Diego to San Francisco . But in 1998 , with globalization knocking ever more loudly on its door , Californians voted instead to pass a ballot measure known as Proposition 227 that imposed wide-reaching restrictions on bilingual education , effectively banning it . They were convinced that California 's language diversity -- especially its Spanish -- was a problem to be eradicated , rather than a resource to be developed . In the 16 years since the measure was approved , California has largely squandered one of its most valuable economic and cultural resources . Millions of Spanish-speaking immigrant students lost the opportunity to learn or retain valuable literacy skills in Spanish while they acquired English . And , millions of California-born Latinos who enrolled in school with the gift of native bilingualism would later leave school unable to read and write in Spanish . Fewer Latinos will speak Spanish , more non-Latinos will , report says When bilingual education mostly disappeared from California in 1998 , so did millions of opportunities , economic and otherwise . Today , Proposition 227 is once again in the news , as California state Sen. Ricardo Lara has proposed legislation designed to repeal it . This is especially important for the state because come March , the Latino population is projected to surpass that of whites to become the single largest ethnic group . But as we look back on the banning of bilingual education in California -- and anticipate its end -- we should n't lose sight of the broader context in which restrictive language policies have found traction in educational settings in the United States . A guide to raising bilingual children In the mid-19th century , the department of the U.S. federal government , known as the Bureau of Indian Affairs , established a series of English-only boarding schools , whose purpose was to "  acculturate " or "  save " Native Americans , by stamping out the use of languages such as Cherokee , Ojibwe , and Navajo . They were remarkably successful in doing so . Later , in the first part of the 20th century , anti-German hysteria in the era of World War I resulted in the systematic closing of long standing German language schools . German-speaking communities in the United States never recovered , and , for the most part , no longer exist . Up until the mid-20th century , schools in parts of Texas segregated Mexican-American students from whites , routinely shaming , punishing , and expelling them for speaking Spanish at school . A moment I 'll never forget from my research there was when an elderly woman described the consequence of speaking Spanish at school as a child . She told me , "  Nos echaron afuera . Sí , te expulsaban de la escuela . "  They kicked us out . Yes , they used to expel you from school .  The tears welled up in her eyes as she spoke . But the examples are not only from the past . Recently , the principal of a public middle school in Hempstead , Texas , made an announcement over the school 's intercom system that the use of Spanish would be banned at school , effective immediately . Latino students , approximately half of the student body , also reported being told by teachers they would be punished for speaking Spanish on school grounds . Restrictive language policies toward Spanish in U.S. schools are especially common , in part because the nature of Spanish and Spanish speakers in this country remain deeply misunderstood among the general public . Consider how the following myths about Spanish in the U.S. differ from empirical reality . Myth No. 1 : Latinos in the U.S. do not want to / can not / will not learn English Social science data show that Latinos learn English at a rate as fast or faster than that of prior immigrant groups . In over a decade of studying language in U.S. Latino communities , I have yet to meet a single young person who has not desperately wanted to know English , nor have I found a single reference to such a phenomenon in the work of my fellow linguists . Myth No. 2 : Speaking Spanish at school detracts from learning English This belief is premised on a false dichotomy that pits knowing Spanish against learning English . Fortunately , for non-language-impaired children , knowing one language is not a roadblock in the acquisition of another . In fact , some evidence suggests that policies restricting the use of the home language actually have negative effects on the acquisition of literacy skills in English . Myth No. 3 : Children will simply learn Spanish in the home People tend to think language can be acquired just by receiving enough inputs to "  crack the code " -- that hearing mom and dad speaking Spanish is enough . But language is much more than the sum of its rules . Language is also the identity you make in it -- the experiences , the relationships , and the memories that come from using the language across many contexts . In many U.S. Latino communities , receptive bilingualism -- a pattern in which parents speak to children in Spanish , who respond in English -- is common . While comprehension is an important language skill , speech production and literacy skills are equally necessary for jobs in the growing bilingual labor market . Myth No. 4 : Spanish is taking over U.S. schools While it is true that the overall number of Spanish speakers in the U.S. is expected to increase , this is due to new immigration . U.S. language history shows that immigrant languages are mostly or completely lost by the third generation . Research shows that Spanish is being lost across generations at roughly the same rate as previous immigrant languages such as Italian and Dutch . Lifelong bilinguals may have more efficient brains Looking back , it 's clear that restrictive language policies such as Proposition 227 have been problematic all along , but in our era of globalization , education that seeks to eradicate the native bilingualism of its students makes less sense than ever in economic and sociocultural terms . Now with some 45 million speakers and a 500-year history , Spanish in the United States is an economic and cultural resource to be cherished and carefully cultivated , not dismantled one generation after the next . It is therefore time to thoroughly rethink the system that takes Spanish away from young children , only to feebly reintroduce it to them 10 years later as "  a foreign language . " At that point it is mostly too late . What is instead now desperately needed is linguistically informed education policy that supports the acquisition and maintenance of both languages for all students who want to develop bilingual fluency . We need not force our students to choose one language or the other -- they can have both .	Law banning bilingual education in California schools may be overturned by new bill "  California has squandered one of its most valuable economic and cultural resources " Language and Spanish speakers are deeply misunderstood among the general public 4 myths about Spanish in the U.S. differ from empirical reality
CNN  -- Principal Dawn Lafferty Hochsprung just entered a Ph.D. program . She led a school district 's strategic planning panel . She won a national school grant . She could be "  a tough lady in the right sort of sense , " a friend said . Among it all , she found time to smile and exuded memorable enthusiasm . The longtime educator 's career seemed to be peaking when she became principal two years ago of Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , which has 525 pupils from kindergarten to fourth grade . On Friday , Hochsprung , 47 , was fatally shot inside her school in a massacre that killed five other adults and 20 students . The shooter killed himself ; his mother was found dead in a Newtown house , said a law enforcement source with detailed knowledge of the investigation . Hochsprung was an affable but serious leader , recalled Tom Prunty , a friend whose niece goes to Sandy Hook and was uninjured Friday . Share your tributes "  She was really nice and very fun , but she was also very much a tough lady in the right sort of sense , " Prunty said . "  She was the kind of person you 'd want to be educating your kids . And the kids loved her . "  Even little kids know when someone cares about them , and that was her , " he said . Hochsprung majored in special education for her bachelor 's and master 's degrees in the 1990s , and she rose through the ranks , working in elementary , middle and high schools in Connecticut 's small communities . The Connecticut Board of Education appointed Hochsprung as Sandy Hook 's principal on June 9 , 2010 . She came to Newtown with 12 years of administrative experience , including as a principal in Regional School District 14 serving the Connecticut communities of Bethlehem and Danbury , the Newtown Bee reported . At home in Woodbury , Connecticut , Hochsprung was busy raising two daughters and three stepdaughters . Comforting survivors : ` Hug them ' and ` cry with them ' She also dove into her work , quickly asserting her leadership and implementing a number of initiatives affecting the school 's nearly 700 students from about 500 families . One of them was overseeing the installation of a new security system requiring every visitor to ring the front entrance 's doorbell after the doors locked at 9:30 a.m. . If they were buzzed into the front office , parents would be asked for photo identification . Hochsprung also volunteered to be co-chairman of a strategic planning commission for the school district , said Scott Clayton , former assistant principal at Newtown High School , who left this year to become a principal in another district . The commission post is a weighty , important job , said Clayton , who worked with Hochsprung on the panel . "  She was extremely passionate . And she was especially dedicated to and knowledgeable about curriculum , " Clayton said . "  This was a deep loss for the community . " Last summer , Hochsprung was one of 15 educators accepted into the doctorate program at Esteves School of Education at the Sage Colleges in New York , the college said . She was the first person from Connecticut accepted into the 27-month program , said Dean Lori V. Quigley . Massacre leaves many asking , ` Where 's God ? ' Hochsprung made the biggest impression of the group with her smile and enthusiasm , Quigley said . "  She was truly a caring administrator , " Quigley said , adding Hochsprung was proud to represent her school . In 2011 , Hochsprung won a school grant called Sharing the Dream from the National Association of Elementary School Principals . The grant creates global awareness in schools and international learning communities . She proudly posted notes and photos on her Twitter account about her school 's activities . "  Setting up for the Sandy Hook nonfiction book preview for staff ... Common Core , here we come ! " she wrote on Thursday , her most recent tweet . A photo depicted several children 's books , including "  Alligator or Crocodile ? How Do You Know ? " Another photo shows a choir of boys and girls dressed in white shirts and black pants or skirts being led by the music teacher . The audience was all students . How do we stop the violence ? "  Sandy Hook students enjoy the rehearsal for our 4th grade winter concert - a talented group led by Maryrose Kristopik ! " Hochsprung tweeted Wednesday . Kristopik is listed as music teacher on the school 's website . On her principal 's page of the school website , Hochsprung emphasizes the school 's "  rich history of establishing high expectations and sustaining strong academic performance . " "  Our Responsive Classroom approach focuses on the benefits of a climate of kindness and respect where all community members feel accepted , important , and secure , " Hochsprung wrote . In her two years at Sandy Hook , the principal came across as a "  very well-liked , compassionate woman " who was "  extremely helpful , " said Aimee Seaver , a mother of a first grader . Hochsprung brought positive energy , sincerity and a strong work ethic to the job -- qualities that will be sorely missed , added Seaver . "  I never saw her without a smile , " Seaver said . "  I believe she had the children 's best intentions  in mind  all the time . She was always looking out for them . " Complete coverage on the Connecticut school shooting CNN 's Lisa Desjardins and Kay Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I never saw her without a smile , " a mother at the school says of Dawn Hochsprung Hochsprung became Sandy Hook Elementary 's principal in 2010 She implemented new initiatives and touted news on Twitter "  Little kids know when someone cares about them , and that was her , " a friend says
CNN  -- Authorities in St. Tammany Parish , Louisiana , say they have arrested a suspect and recovered more than $ 3 million in stolen property in a multistate string of J.C. Penney store burglaries . Hector Castillo of Houston , Texas , is under arrest in connection with a string of J.C. Penney burglaries . St. Tammany Parish Sheriff Jack Strain announced the arrest of Hector Castillo of Houston , Texas , on Wednesday . Police said the suspect admitted to his involvement in five J.C. Penney store burglaries nationwide during questioning . Investigators are still trying to identify accomplices in what they believe was a group . "  We believe that he is the mastermind , " Strain said of the suspect . "  We believe that he is the one who called the shots , we believe that he is the one that made the decisions on which stores and when they do it . " The rash of thefts began in June , with a break-in at a J.C. Penney store in Indiana . Two of the chain department stores were hit in Texas in July , and in August , two more were burglarized in Louisiana . Louisiana police , acting on information obtained during the investigation , made the arrest in Pasadena , Texas , on Tuesday in conjunction with local authorities . Castillo was booked on two outstanding theft warrants in Texas and as a fugitive from St. Tammany Parish , police said . Strain said the suspect has 27 known aliases and used as many as 16 Social Security numbers . Authorities said they found stolen property inside the suspect 's home and in two other storage locations . Strain estimated the value of the recovered property at about $ 3.5 million . Police released photographs showing a full garbage bag and a table crammed with recovered watches and jewelry . Detectives are working with J.C. Penney officials to coordinate the return of the recovered property , police said . CNN 's Sean Callebs contributed to this report .	Authorities recovered about $ 3.5 million in stolen property ; 5 stores hit Hector Castillo was "  mastermind " behind burglaries , Louisiana sheriff says Sheriff : Suspect has 27 known aliases and 16 Social Security numbers Detectives are working with J.C. Penney officials to return property
CNN  -- The net in Bangladesh cricket 's corruption scandal widened Tuesday as the ICC announced that seven people had been charged with match-fixing . Two more individuals have been accused of failing to report corrupt approaches . The joint action by the International Cricket Council and the Bangladesh Cricket Board  BCB  follows a tearful confession by former national captain Mohammad Ashraful that he was involved in match fixing . Ashraful , who captained his country between 2007 and 2009 , played for Dhaka Gladiators in the Bangledesh Premier League  BPL  , a Twenty20 tournament . In a joint statement , the ICC and BCB said the latest charges relate to an "  alleged conspiracy within the Dhaka Gladiators franchise to engage in match-fixing and spot-fixing activity during matches in the BPL 2013 . " The identity of the individuals will not be revealed into the conclusion of the disciplinary proceedings against them , they said . "  The continuing fight against corruption in cricket is not only the responsibility of the authorities like the ICC and the BCB , but it is increasingly the personal responsibility also of all players and support personnel , " said ICC chief executive David Richardson . "  They must work closely with the authorities and comply with their reporting responsibilities at all times , so that the integrity of the sport can be protected for the greater good . " BCB president Nazmul Hassan backed up the tough line stance being adopted . "  The BCB is committed to doing everything possible to defend it from the very small group of people who are willing to compromise the values of the overwhelming majority for personal greed and , in so doing , bring disgrace upon themselves and their associates , as well as tarnishing the image of the game , " he said . The action was taken after an investigation by the ICC anti-corruption unit . The individuals charged have 14 days in which to appeal or accept the allegations against them . It is the latest scandal to hit the image of cricket in the sub-continent . The most high profile involves Shanthakumaran Sreesanth , who has played 27 Tests for India . Fast bowler Sreesanth and 38 others have been charged by Delhi police in connection with spot-fixing in the Indian Premier League , the world 's biggest Twenty20 tournament . Last year the BCB banned ex-Bangladesh international Shariful Haque after an inquiry fund his guilty of spot-fixing during the first edition of the BPL . Spot-fixing first entered the cricket vocabulary back in 2010 when three Pakistan Test players , captain Salman Butt and bowlers Mohammad Amir and Mohammad Asif were caught in a sting organized by an English newspaper . They were found to have conspired to bowl non valid ` no-balls ' at certain times during the Test series against England . The trio served jail sentences in Britain for the corruption offenses and were given lengthy bans by the ICC .	Bangladesh cricket corruption scandal widens Nine charged by ICC with offenses related to match fixing Former Bangladesh captain Mohammad Ashraful has already confessed Ashraful played for Dhaka Gladiators in Bangladesh Twenty20 league
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Osama bin Laden 's top lieutenant has conveyed leaders ' dissatisfaction with al Qaeda 's operations in Iraq , according to the U.S. military , which says it has uncovered letters authored by the terror outfit 's No. 2 man . Ayman al-Zawahiri relayed complaints and advice from al Qaeda leaders , U.S. military officials say . Ayman al-Zawahiri allegedly wrote the March letters -- which the military released Wednesday and which were translated by CNN -- to Iraqi militant groups with ties to al Qaeda . "  It is in their own words . It is reflective of what they are saying about themselves , " said Brig. Gen. David Perkins , a spokesman for the Multi-National Forces in Iraq . Al-Zawahiri conveys advice from al Qaeda 's chief , bin Laden , on how to improve the group 's performance and passed along dissatisfaction among al Qaeda members and leaders over a range of issues . Complaints revolve around the group 's recruiting efforts , poor communication between al Qaeda central and al Qaeda in Iraq , ineffective and dishonest propaganda techniques , and the growing difficulty in moving "  assets " from other countries into Iraq . Watch how the letters suggest an internal dispute " "  It has become very evident that it has become extremely difficult for al Qaeda to bring assets in from outside of Iraq , " Perkins said . "  Therefore , we know more and more they have to generate their own operatives inside Iraq and they have to generate their own financial capabilities . " The first letter is to Abu Ayyub al-Masri , the leader of al Qaeda in Iraq . The letter conveys accusations that al-Masri is too isolated to keep tabs on his operatives and questions his ability to lead al Qaeda 's branch in Iraq . It also questions the manner in which al Qaeda in Iraq 's umbrella group , the Islamic State of Iraq , was established . Al-Zawahiri asks al-Masri to respond to the allegations from other al Qaeda leaders . " -LSB- Al-Zawahiri -RSB- was concerned he was n't getting any regular updates on Iraq . He was n't getting any regular communication from al-Masri , " Perkins said . "  He was very dissatisfied with the quality of recruits they were getting to conduct operations in Iraq . " The letter also criticizes the group 's propaganda efforts , saying that the Islamic State of Iraq has distributed videos of past operations and claimed them to be new . The letter also states that the group has taken credit for operations carried out by other terror outfits , such as Islamic Jihad . "  The media policy for the Islamic State is using exaggeration , to the extent of lying , " the letter says . The U.S. military says the propaganda failures are a result of aggressive U.S. operations in Iraq . The second letter is addressed to Abu Omar al-Baghdadi , leader of the Islamic State of Iraq . It includes suggestions and advice that the letter says come from bin Laden . It also asks al-Baghdadi what his group needs to be victorious . The U.S. military has said it believes al-Baghdadi is a fictional character , portrayed by an actor in previous video statements and used as a front for al Qaeda leaders outside Iraq . It is unclear how the U.S. military obtained the letter to al-Baghdadi . The letter to al-Masri , however , was obtained in April during an operation that killed al Qaeda in Iraq Information Minister Abu Nizar . "  On April 24th in Baghdad , Coalition Forces identified Nizar , followed his vehicle and stopped it . As they approached the vehicle , Nizar got out and drew a pistol . Coalition Forces responded to the hostile threat by engaging and killing Nizar . He was positively identified through photo comparison and by one of his close associates , " a military statement said . Nizar headed al Qaeda in Iraq 's propaganda network and was a conduit between al-Masri and senior al Qaeda leaders . The letter to al-Masri was found on Nizar after he was killed . The Bush administration has touted its strides in the battle against al Qaeda in Iraq , the Sunni militant offshoot that emerged after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq . The military estimates that al Qaeda is operating with only a third of the fighters it had two years ago . Al Qaeda in Iraq , officials say , has been battered by military offensives in Baghdad , the largely Sunni Anbar province and other Sunni areas . It also has been weakened by growing support among Sunnis for the U.S. and Iraqi authorities . The Sunni support is reflected in the Awakening movement -- a collection of predominantly Sunni security councils of former insurgents or sympathizers who have turned against al Qaeda . Political reconciliation efforts directed toward Sunni Arabs also have helped harness their support . In contrast , al Qaeda has alienated Sunnis in Iraq with heavy-handed , divisive tactics , according to experts with the International Crisis Group . However , experts warn that al Qaeda is resilient , and U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates says there is always a danger of al Qaeda 's re-emergence . Gates , who testified Wednesday before the U.S. House Armed Services Committee , lauded security achievements in Iraq but noted "  the very real threat that al Qaeda continues to pose . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Jomana Karadsheh and Youssif Basil contributed to this report .	Letters say leaders chide al Qaeda in Iraq over recruiting , moving "  assets " into Iraq Umbrella group Islamic State of Iraq accused of exaggerating in propaganda One letter obtained in U.S. operation that killed Al Qaeda information minister U.S. : Al Qaeda in Iraq operating with only a third of the fighters it had two years ago
Washington  CNN  -- Two Secret Service supervisors who have lost their jobs in a prostitute scandal during a recent trip to Colombia are David Chaney and Greg Stokes , a source familiar with the investigation told CNN National Security Contributor Fran Townsend on Thursday . They are among three people no longer with the agency in the wake of the incident immediately preceding President Barack Obama 's trip to Colombia for the Summit of the Americas . They are among 11 total Secret Service employees who are under investigation . Attorney Lawrence Berger told CNN that he is representing Chaney and Stokes , but declined further comment , including why he is representing the two men . Berger is general counsel for the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association , a union that includes the Secret Service , among other agencies . Authorities outside Chaney 's home in Ashburn , Virginia , said that Chaney had relayed that he did not want to speak to reporters outside . Secret Service pushing out three members amid Colombia scandal Chaney is identified as one of several hundred people -- including about 22 from the Department of Homeland Security -- who contributed to the Interagency Working Group on U.S. Government-Sponsored International Exchanges and Training , according to the group 's FY2010 , FY2008 and FY2007 annual reports . Created in 1998 , that organization 's mission is "  to make recommendations to the president for improving the coordination , efficiency , and effectiveness of United States Government-sponsored international exchanges and training , " according to its website . A posting from David Chaney on Reunion.com states that he graduated from W.T. White High School in Dallas in 1982 and had been employed with the U.S. Secret Service since 1987 . That message notes that he is married , has an adopted son and his assignments include a stint protecting former Vice President Dick Cheney . Chaney 's father was a Secret Service agent , said the source with knowledge of the investigation . Stokes supervised the canine training unit at the Secret Service 's James J. Rowley Training Center outside Washington , according to PetLife Radio and a career development posting on the University of Maryland 's website . The agency has said that one of those who left the agency is a supervisory employee who is being allowed to retire . Another employee resigned , the agency said . A third agent -- also a supervisory employee -- is being pushed out , with the agency proposing he be removed . A U.S. official said on condition of not being identified that this agent plans to fight his ouster . It was not immediately clear whether this person was Chaney or Stokes . House Homeland Security Chairman Rep. Peter King , R-New York , told CNN on Thursday that he expects more Secret Service employees to leave the agency as soon as Friday . The other eight members allegedly involved in the scandal are on administrative leave and have had their security clearances suspended , according to the Secret Service . Ten military personnel are also being investigated for their possible participation . Questions raised about macho culture , women agents They were all part of the "  jump team " that flies in on military transport planes with the presidential limousine and other vehicles to be used in the president 's motorcade , Townsend said . They arrived the morning of the incident , raising questions about whether the activity was planned . All the employees are accused of bringing prostitutes to Cartagena 's Hotel El Caribe ahead of last week 's visit by Obama , who was there to attend the Pan-American summit . According to sources , the alleged prostitutes -- the youngest of whom were in their early 20s -- had all signed in at the hotel , where the Secret Service members apparently stayed , flashing their local ID cards . One of these women allegedly was later involved in a dispute about how much she was to be paid for the night . That row brought the entire incident to light and sparked controversy in the United States and Colombia . Despite concerns that contact with Colombian nationals could have led to security breaches regarding President Barack Obama 's activities in the South American nation , King said , "  from everything we know , nothing was compromised . " Former Colombian President Alvaro Uribe told CNN on Thursday that he rejects "  the idea that Cartagena is a destination for tourists seeking prostitution or illicit drugs . " He said the incident is due entirely to "  a lack of ethics  on the part of  the Secret Service of the United States . " U.S. congressmen offered similarly biting remarks . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California called the allegations "  disgusting , " while Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid described the agents ' alleged actions "  either really stupid or a total lack of common sense . " At least five investigations have , or will soon , be launched as a result . One Secret Service inquiry aims to get details and accountability regarding the specific incident , and the agency is also looking to bring in outsiders to examine whether this case is symptomatic of broader problems . The House Oversight Committee 's leaders sent a letter to the Secret Service requesting specifics about what happened before , during and after the incident . And after saying he wanted a "  minute-by-minute , hour-by-hour account of what happened , " King said four investigators from his homeland security panel are looking into the matter and may go to Colombia . In addition to the Secret Service employees , five members of America 's elite Army Special Forces , or Green Berets , plus two people from the Navy , two from the Marines and one from the Air Force are being questioned , a U.S. official said . The Green Berets ' failure to make curfew the night of the incident involving the Secret Service agents led the military to start its own investigation , a U.S. official told CNN . Officials said they are based at Eglin Air Force Base , in Florida 's Panhandle , and belong to the 7th Special Forces Group , which operates mostly in Central and South America . All the military personnel are being investigated for heavy drinking and use of prostitutes while in Colombia as part of the support team for Obama 's visit , the official said . They are not likely to redeploy until the matter is resolved , other military officials said , though no formal order bars their deployment . The military investigation could end with no action , administrative action like a letter of reprimand or a recommendation to proceed with criminal charges , officials said . U.S. Rep. Randy Forbes , R-Virginia , has called for Mark Sullivan , the head of the Secret Service , to be among those who lose their jobs in the wake of the incident . "  There 's only so many strikes you get , in baseball it 's three , " said Forbes , a senior member of the House Armed Serves Committee , referencing a 2009 security breach in which a Virginia couple crashed Obama 's first White House state dinner , as well as agency 's apparent overspending in that same year . However , King and others came to the defense of Sullivan , who has directed the Secret Service since May 2006 and been with the agency since 1983 . Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , said he believes the agency 's director is taking "  serious action , " noting polygraph tests have been administered . And House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , said he has a high level of confidence in Sullivan . Sullivan has told subordinates to use "  all tools available " to conduct the investigation , one source said . The Secret Service agents and officers being investigated range in experience from relative newcomers to nearly 20-year veterans , two government officials with knowledge of the investigation said Monday . Each agent was offered an opportunity to take a polygraph test , according to a U.S. official . Some of the agents and military personnel maintain they did n't know the women were prostitutes , the official said . Even so , King said , "  It was totally wrong to take a foreign national back to a hotel when the president is about to arrive . " While soliciting prostitution is in most cases legal for adults in Colombia , it is considered a breach of the Secret Service 's conduct code , government sources said . Military law also bars service members from patronizing prostitutes , engaging in conduct unbecoming an officer or , for enlisted personnel , conduct "  prejudicial to good order and discipline . " CNN 's Brian Todd , Bob Kovach , John King , Barbara Starr , Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Rafael Romo , Jessica Yellin and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Greg Stokes and David Chaney are no longer with the Secret Service , a source says NEW : They were the two supervisors with the Secret Service members in Colombia NEW : Chaney declined to comment to reporters outside his Virginia home 8 other Secret Service agents and 10 U.S. troops are also under investigation
CNN  -- In 1979 , Jarreth Merz , then a young boy in Ghana , saw the dramatic results of a military coup . Watching on an old black and white television set , he and a group of his friends witnessed one of the nation 's generals being blindfolded and shot to death by a firing squad . Shortly afterward , his family fled the instability of Ghana and returned to his native Switzerland . But Africa stayed with Merz , who told his story at the TED Global conference in Edinburgh , UK , in July . He grew up to become an actor and found that he was increasingly being cast as a violent African or a terrorist . "  How many terrorists could I possibly play before turning into one myself ? " "  I had become ashamed of the other , the African in me . " After 28 years , Merz returned to Ghana to film the nation 's 2008 presidential election and , as it turned out , to learn more about himself . "  I realized that , when I 'd left the country , free and fair elections in a democratic environment were a dream . And now that I 'd returned , that dream had become reality , though a fragile reality . " In the first round of voting in Ghana , no candidate attained the 50 % of the vote needed to gain the presidency , and an inconclusive runoff was held . People began questioning whether the elections were being manipulated . Merz said there was gunfire and he saw discouraging signs of a possible breakdown in civil order . "  And my heart sank , because I thought , here we are again . Here is another proof that the African is not capable of governing himself . And not only that , I am documenting it -- documenting my own cultural shortcomings . " But rather than erupt in violence , the crowd started chanting "  We want peace , " and eventually , after new voting , a winner was certified and power was transferred peacefully , Merz said . "  Ghana taught me to look at people differently and to look at myself differently . And yes , we Africans can . " In his film , "  An African Election , " Merz told CNN in an interview , "  The political system , the democratic system , is tested to the utmost . " The lesson : "  You do n't have to rebel . You have the freedom to choose , and with that choice comes a responsibility . "	As a boy , Jarreth Merz witnessed violent coup in Ghana His family left for Europe , but he returned in 2008 to film Ghana 's election After close vote and a runoff , a winner was declared and power transferred Merz : Election helped show that democracy is viable in Africa
CNN  -- The White House may be the official residence of the U.S. president , but it 's only a temporary address . The former homes and libraries of presidents offer an inside look into the lives of the select few who served as the nation 's leader . Nearly 80 million visitors have toured Mount Vernon , George Washington 's home in Virginia . From simple log cabins to expansive estates , hundreds of presidential homes and historical sites are open to the public . Visitors can read the love letters between Harry Truman and his wife , Bess , examine hand-drawn maps by Herbert Hoover or eye the tintype photograph of young wife Lucy that Rutherford B. Hayes carried with him daily on Civil War battlefields and later in the White House . As we witness a new leader take office and celebrate past commanders-in-chief on President 's Day this month , CNN asked William Clotworthy , author of "  Homes and Libraries of the Presidents , " to recommend five places for travelers to see a very human side of history 's presidents . Lincoln 's birthplace There 's more than split rails at the Abraham Lincoln Birthplace National Historic Site in Hodgenville , Kentucky . The site , run by the National Park Service , offers exhibits and walking tours so the visitor can experience a little of the frontier life that shaped the nation 's 16th president . The centerpiece is the large marble and granite Lincoln Memorial Building , which houses a small and humble log cabin . The cabin is not actually Lincoln 's birth cabin -- that has been lost to history -- but it does try to replicate as closely as possible the tiny and primitive surroundings that sheltered the future commander in chief . "  There 's something about the Lincoln log cabin , " Clotworthy said . "  I think it 's an inspiration that a man born in a log cabin ... grew up to become president of the United States . I know it 's corny , but that 's what I find inspiring . " iReport.com : See Lincoln 's childhood home after an ice storm This February 12 , the bicentennial of Lincoln 's birth , events are planned around the park and the Hodgenville area , including a ceremony presenting new Lincoln pennies for circulation and the dedication of a second replica log cabin . Reagan library Ronald Reagan 's final resting place can also be an excellent starting point for those curious about his life . The Ronald Reagan Presidential Library and Museum in Simi Valley , California , not only houses all Reagan 's official presidential papers and records , but also includes such personal objects as his college letter sweater , movie memorabilia from his film career and even a glass jelly bean jar . From his presidential life , highlights include a section of the Berlin Wall presented by the people of Germany and a walk inside Air Force One -- one of Clotworthy 's favorite experiences . "  They have built a glass-enclosed pavilion " for the Boeing 707 used by Reagan , he said "  and you stand there and you get the impression you 're flying . It 's fabulous . " Visitors are able to peek inside the president and first lady 's cabins , the galleys and cockpit . On the lower level , an entire pub from Ireland that Reagan visited was shipped over in 2004 and is now a snack shop . Mount Vernon Home to George Washington for most of his adult life , Mount Vernon in Virginia has been open to a curious public since 1860 . Nearly 80 million visitors have toured the first president 's home since then , making it the most popular historic home in the United States . On Presidents ' Day , admission is free . Today , visitors can tour the meticulously restored mansion , tour the four gardens , hike the nature trail or explore personal artifacts such as the first president 's shoes or his favorite swivel chair in a vast state-of-the-art museum on the grounds . Also in the museum are new life-size models of Washington , so visitors can get a glimpse of what the future Founding Father was like as a teenager . "  There are no real pictures or ideas of what Washington looked like before he was 45 years old , so -LSB- anthropologists -RSB- made a study of existing pictures , his teeth , his hair and they 've now built these incredible figures of Washington as a younger man , " Clotworthy said . Jackson 's Hermitage Inspired by the success of the women 's organization that opened Mount Vernon to the public , a similar group in Nashville , Tennessee , saved Andrew Jackson 's home from ruin in 1889 . Today , Hermitage visitors can tour the mansion , stroll the formal gardens , examine slave cabins and see the original log cabin where the Jacksons lived for a time . A robust visitor 's center tells the life story of Jackson , or "  Old Hickory , " from hell-raising youth to feisty frontier battler of the British to powerful president . Besides tours and exhibits , summer visitors can also watch excavations as Hermitage archaeologists uncover some of the estimated 100 buildings on the grounds . A standout of the Hermitage is its many educational programs for the public , including a "  hands-on-history " class for kids . FDR 's home When it comes to touring presidential lives , the Franklin D. Roosevelt complex of sites in Hyde Park , New York , offers travelers one-stop shopping -- the lifelong home of a president , a museum and official presidential library all within walking distance of each other . Roosevelt was born and spent most of his life at Springwood Mansion , which offers visitors a look at the personal side of the only four-term president , including wheelchair ramps installed after Roosevelt contracted polio in 1921 . On the same grounds is the FDR Presidential Library and Museum , the first presidential library and one Roosevelt designed himself . Among the museum highlights are a 1936 roadster fitted with hand controls so the president could drive himself , his White House desk as he left it  including a pack of Camel cigarettes and Roget 's thesaurus  and even objects from his childhood  the future author of the New Deal had quite the snazzy rocking horse  . Also part of the complex are a cottage designed by FDR as a retreat in 1939 , expansive gardens and grounds by the Hudson River , and a visitor center that plays an orientation film , "  A Rendezvous with History " -- which is what travelers can plan on when visiting the nation 's presidential sites .	The Lincoln birthplace features a replica of the log cabin where Lincoln was born At the Reagan library , visitors can peek in the Boeing 707 used by the 40th president Springwood Mansion shows visitors a personal side of the only four-term president
CNN  -- A woman climbed a barbed wire fence at Halifax Stanfield International Airport in Nova Scotia , Canada , on Sunday with the intention to stop the plane she thought was carrying her husband , said a Royal Canadian Mounted Police spokesman . "  Her intent was to stop the aircraft from taking off , " said Sgt. Al LeBlanc . "  She jumped the security fence , but she was nowhere near the aircrafts . The airport staff and the Mounted Police responded right away and apprehended her . " The woman climbed over a 10-foot security fence with angled barb wire around 8:30 a.m. local time , according to Peter Spurway , the airport 's communications vice president . "  She was immediately spotted by the aircraft control tower . One of our folks was on the area and apprehended her . She was in the airfield for 10 minutes . We had a small aircraft in the area and the traffic control tower rerouted the aircraft , " said Spurway . Spurway said the woman then told police that she believed her husband was on an aircraft , and she was trying to stop him . "  This is a very unusual type of incident . I had never heard of such an incident before in my many years as an officer , " said LeBlanc . Police took the woman to the hospital for a medical assessment . According to LeBlanc , she suffered minor injuries from scaling the fence . The 37-year-old woman is a resident of the Fall River , a small suburban community southwest of the airport . LeBlanc said her husband was not a passenger on any plane and criminal charges are unlikely . The airport is conducting a full review of their security measures , according to Spurway . "  This is a very rare occurrence . I have been here over eight years and this has never happened , " he said . Man jumps Tampa airport fence , taken into custody ` Inebriated ' man , cross-dressed man jump airport fences in Newark , Phoenix	Police say a woman in Halifax , Canada , thought her husband was aboard a plane They say she did n't want him to leave , so she climbed a barbed wire fence to stop it She never got near any aircraft -- and turns out her husband was n't on any plane Criminal charges called unlikely ; airport reviewing security
Intense street fighting raged in the Syrian city of Kobani Monday as ISIS came closer to capturing a key area on the border with Turkey . ISIS fighters planted their flag on a hill on the eastern side of Kobani , then punched through defenses to open up the route for more troops , one witness inside the city told CNN . CNN crews on Monday also spotted what appeared to be the black flag of ISIS flying from a hilltop on the eastern side of the city . The flag was farther east into the city from one shown flying atop a building in video from Reuters and also seen by the CNN crews . Many Kurdish forces defending the city were wounded and killed , and many ISIS fighters were also killed as clashes spread from street to street , the witness said . The fall of the city would carry huge symbolic and strategic weight , giving ISIS sway over an uninterrupted swatch of land between the Turkish border and its self-declared capital in Raqqa , Syria , 100 kilometers  62 miles  away . The Turkish military , which has bulked up its defenses along the border in recent days as the fighting has flared , blocked people fleeing the embattled city from crossing the border . "  We want to go across ! " would-be refugees chanted as they pressed against a border fence . One witness inside Kobani told CNN he 'd been waiting to leave the city with hundreds of others since Sunday night . "  We 'll get killed if we stay , " he said . As ISIS fighters attacked with tanks and heavy artillery , the city 's defenders vowed to keep fighting . "  We are afraid of this . We are obliged to defend our home , our town , " Kurdish Kobani official Idriss Nassan said . "  We did n't choose this war , but we are obliged to fight . " U.S. and allies strike again ISIS managed to close in on Kobani despite airstrikes by the United States and allied forces over the weekend and on Monday . The most recent airstrikes took out two fighting positions near Kobani and two tanks near Raqqa , as well as two small ISIS units , two mortar positions and a building in Iraq , the U.S. military said Monday . Over the weekend , allied airstrikes destroyed two ISIS tanks , a bulldozer and another ISIS vehicle , U.S. Central Command said . Two airstrikes hit a large ISIS unit and destroyed six firing positions , the U.S. military said . A senior defense official said Monday to expect more airstrikes against ISIS targets in the Kobani area . But that 's easier said than done . Another senior military official said many ISIS targets in Kobani are too close to the Turkish border or Kurdish forces to strike . And the Pentagon , the official said , believes there 's a media outcry about the situation in Kobani because reporters are there . Many other towns have fallen to ISIS without TV crews present , the official said . No matter what role U.S. airstrikes play going forward , such attacks are n't enough , Nassan said . "  When I talk to people here in Kobani , they thank the international community , and the United States , they thank the countries who are striking the ISIS . But everyone believes it is not enough , " he said . The "  international community can not defeat ISIS by just hitting them from the sky . They have to help the people who are fighting -- the  Kurdish People 's Protection Unit  YPG , the  rebel  Free Syrian Army who are here on the ground . " Meanwhile , about 270 kilometers  168 miles  to the east , in the northeastern Syrian city of Hasakah , ISIS suicide bombers drove trucks into checkpoints manned by Kurds , exploding them almost simultaneously , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group . Thirty Kurdish fighters died in the attack , the group said . Helicopters used in Iraq strikes U.S. Army Apache gunships were used against ISIS targets in Iraq 's Anbar province over the weekend , the senior defense official who spoke about the plans for more Kobani airstrikes told CNN . Fixed-wing aircraft also were on the mission , but because Iraqi forces were close to ISIS forces , the Apaches were used because they fly low and can strike with precision , the official said . The official described the area as "  very much contested , with ISIS continuing to make gains . " The low altitude used by Apaches poses a risk , but with ISIS forces in such a populated area , their precision was needed , the official said . U.S. officials do n't see ISIS making a direct run for Baghdad , but concerns remain that ISIS elements are in the city and around the airport , the official said . In other developments : Total cost of U.S. airstrikes so far ? More than $ 62 million , Pentagon says U.S. military airstrikes against ISIS targets in Iraq and Syria have cost more than $ 62 million so far , according to data provided by the U.S. Defense Department . The data , apparently sent out inadvertently Monday to the Pentagon 's press contacts , lists the total number of airstrikes by U.S. Central Command in Iraq and Syria , details locations of targets and specifies the costs of munitions used . Militant leader 's fate unknown The United States is still unsure if an airstrike killed the leader of the Khorasan Group . U.S. officials are still assessing the strike on the first night of airstrikes in Syria , and whether it killed Muhsin al-Fadhli , the senior defense official told CNN . While he has not surfaced publicly or on social media , U.S. officials still have not seen sufficient corroborating intelligence , such as evidence of a funeral or martyrdom statements , the official said . ISIS gets Pakistan Taliban encouragement Pakistan Taliban spokesman Shahidullah Shahid issued a statement expressing solidarity with ISIS and other fighters in Syria . "  In these times when the enemy is standing against you we ask that you forget internal strife and rivalries and stand up against the nonbeliever army , " Shahid said in the statement . "  The Muslims of the world look to you with great expectation , and in this difficult time , we , your mujahidin brothers , are with you and will provide you with fighters and help , " the statement said . U.S. vice president apologizes U.S. Vice President Joe Biden apologized to Turkey and the United Arab Emirates for saying Middle Eastern allies are partly to blame for the strengthening of ISIS . At an appearance last week at Harvard University , he said the militant Islamist group had been inadvertently strengthened by actions allies took to help opposition groups fighting against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . "  They poured hundreds of millions of dollars and thousands of tons of weapons into anyone who would fight against Assad . Except that the people who were being supplied were al-Nusra and al Qaeda and the extremist elements of jihadis coming from other parts of the world , " Biden said . On Turkey 's alleged role , he said , "  President  Recep Tayyip  Erdogan told me ... ` You were right . We let too many people  including foreign fighters  through . ' Now they are trying to seal their border . " Erdogan vehemently denied ever saying such a thing . Marine may be the campaign 's first U.S. casualty A Marine lost at sea after bailing out of an MV-22 Osprey when it appeared it might crash in the Persian Gulf is believed to be the first American military casualty in support of U.S. operations against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . Cpl. Jordan L. Spears , 21 , was declared dead after search and rescue efforts did n't find him .	Military official : Many ISIS targets in Kobani are too close to border for airstrikes A witness says hundreds are trying to leave the Syrian city ; "  we 'll get killed if we stay " Many fighters on both sides have been killed in fighting , a witness says Kurdish official : "  We did n't choose this war , but we are obliged to fight "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang has called on his nation 's tourists to improve their behavior , stressing it was important to project a "  good image of Chinese tourists , " official state media outlet Xinhua reported . Xinhua reported on Thursday that Wang made the remarks during a State Council teleconference on the implementation of the country 's new Tourism Law . The law , adopted in April , is to take effect October 1 . It includes measures aimed at addressing issues like unfair competition , price hikes and forced goods purchases that Xinhua said plague the industry . Wang also said it was important develop the tourism sector into a key part of China 's economy . In a matter of just a decade or so , Chinese tourists have gone from being relatively rare outside of Asia to becoming the most important market in global tourism , surpassing American and German travelers in 2012 as the world 's top international spenders , with a record $ 102 billion shelled out on the road . With the growth has come a backlash against Chinese tourist in some sectors of the travel industry , particularly Hong Kong . There , mainland Chinese tourists face harsh resentment for a number of issues . Clashes between locals and tourists on public transportation and in restaurants have been caught on video , rapidly gone viral on the Internet and are regular press fodder . Chinese tourism : The good , the bad and the backlash	China VP Wang says the country needs to project a better image of its tourists Chinese are now the world 's highest spending tourists Growth has also spurned backlash against mainland tourists
CNN  -- It takes a special person to join Mensa . For one , the elite society only takes individuals with IQ scores in the 98th percentile , meaning just 1 in 50 Americans is eligible . This exclusivity -- some might say snobbery -- is part of Mensa 's lore . Early Mensans in Britain walked around with yellow buttons , organizational publications once referred to non-Mensa members as "  Densans , " and last year , a top Mensa member and tester called anyone with an IQ of 60 a "  carrot . " In short , you do n't always join Mensa because you think you 're smart . You join to be set apart from most people , who are , as one member put it : "  mundane . " But a new partnership between American Mensa and online dating giant Match.com offers a new , enticing reason to join the society of geniuses : true love . Beginning this week , members of the brainiac group can connect through a separate , exclusive dating service called Mensa Match . In addition , Match.com members can add a special Mensa badge to their profiles , signaling a specific interest in connecting with a single person with a confirmed genius-level IQ score . Smart dating struggles Anne Sereg is one of those geniuses . The 55-year-old Florida woman is an IT project manager who graduated high school in three years , college in two-and-a-half and has a law degree from Georgia State University . "  It 's been a long time , " she said about her dating life . "  I went hermit-y for a quite a few years . I just did n't find anyone who 's been interesting enough . " Sereg found she does not connect with people who are athletes or sports nuts , for example . "  I 'm looking for people who are intellectually curious . And when all you 're talking about is sports teams and barbeques ... when you 're talking about physical traits and not existential philosophy , I 'm not going to get the vibe . " Sereg admits this attitude can limit her relationship options . But one expert thinks the results could be much worse . Ali Binazir is the author of The Tao of Dating , and penned a 2009 article , "  Why the Smartest People Have the Toughest Time Dating . " A Harvard graduate , Binazir said highly intellectual people can frequently feel "  entitled " to love . And sometimes this means unwilling to make the compromises for a successful relationship . "  IQ tends to be pretty one-dimensional . There 's no way to say if this person interacts well with others , " he said . "  For a relationship , it matters more how that person implements that intelligence in the real world , for jobs and parenting and exchanging of ideas . " "  You need to remove the barriers to love . And when you exclude those people , as smart people tend to do , that 's when you become lonely . " According to Match 's data , 80 % of singles say they "  must have " or find it "  very important " to be with someone of the same intelligence level . What your IQ score does n't tell you Sereg has decided a college education -- not a Mensa IQ -- is her basic requirement for a future mate . "  I just want someone who can keep up with me , " she said . New possibilities The new Mensa partnership will give Match.com users a new way to find common ground , said Helen Fisher , a professor at the University of Indiana and Match.com 's chief scientific adviser . "  If you 're proud of being in Mensa , if someone  else  is also proud of being in Mensa , then you 're already in the same clan , " she said . "  It 's not unlike saying I read a lot of books and I 'm looking for someone else who reads a lot of books . There 's an automatic filter . " In their announcement of the partnership , Mensa and Match.com included a heat map of the U.S. , listing where the "  smartest singles " live , based on the cities with the highest percentage of Ivy League graduates on the dating site . The top 10 is dominated by college towns such as Durham , North Carolina ; Ithaca , New York ; Ann Arbor , Michigan ; Boulder , Colorado ; and Charlottesville , Virginia . Fisher cites numerous studies that suggest relationships with a brainy mate could come with great perks . "  People who are smarter tend to have a higher income , tend to be creative , coordinated , and good at solving problems , " she said . "  So not only could you have a better conversation during dinner , but dinner could be in a nicer place , and  you could  leave in nicer car . " Binazir does not believe Mensa members are better at relationships than anyone else . But the partnership with Match.com provides another way for people to find common interests , which is always positive , he said . "  I think it 's a step in the right direction . " Anne Sereg hopes he is right , but she wo n't get too excited just yet . "  One of the most recent marriages in our Mensa group came through finding each other on Match.com , and that was before the partnership , " she said . "  I 'm hoping that it  works  . I do n't know if it will . But you ca n't go anywhere if you do n't have hope . "	Mensa and Match.com join to launch an exclusive dating service Mensa members can also identify themselves to all Match users Dating expert : You 're not entitled to love just because you 're smart Single Mensa member : "  I just want someone who can keep up with me "
CNN  -- High in the Peruvian Andes , where it 's so dry and cold that very little vegetation grows , life depends on one animal : the alpaca . But in recent years , raising alpacas has become a greater challenge . Mountains that used to be covered with ice around the town of Licapa , elevation of 4,200 meters  about 13,780 feet  above sea level , are now barren . Salomon Parco , a 30-year-old Alpaca shepherd who lives in Licapa , says that no ice means no water ; and no water means no grass to feed the animals . Parco also says the ice has all but disappeared in the last three decades . "  The difference is that when I was a little boy , the mountaintops were white with snow and ice . But as you can see , they now look black . That 's the difference , " he says . Read more coverage of the Road to Durban A stranger recently arrived in Licapa bringing hope . Eduardo Gold , an engineer and self-described inventor , is the founder of Peru Glaciers . The organization 's goal is to bring the ice back to the mountains . "  This community is closely tied to the glaciers , " he says . "  As soon as they disappear , their livelihood disappears for them as well . " Along with Gold and his crew of five locals , photographer Jose Armijo and I travel to the top of the mountains . The lack of oxygen makes the hike challenging . At an elevation of 5,000 meters  about 16,400 feet  , we see firsthand what 's happening to the glaciers . This is where Gold and his crew are working on the project to bring the glaciers back . Gold 's idea is very simple : If dark mountains absorb more heat from the sun , white mountains will have the opposite effect . The solution is to make them white . Under Gold 's direction , the crew of five goes around the mountain , splashing a mixture that turns the rocks white . It 's not paint , but a combination of water , sand and lime . Two percent of the mixture is soap , which makes it stick to the rocks and stay waterproof once it dries . An infrared thermometer shows a difference of 30 degrees Fahrenheit  16 Celsius  in temperature between the dark rocks and the previously whitened ones . Gold acknowledges there is a lot of work to go before he can prove his theory works . "  This is an experiment . It may or may not work . Or it may work a little . Doing something about it is better than nothing at all , " he says . And it seems to be working . Gold shows us a crevice between the rocks where he finds some ice . The locals say there was no ice at all before . "  We had very little water . The difference this year since we have whitened the mountain is that there 's water . As you can see down there , there 's a well with plenty of water , and down the hill we have even more , " says Parco , the shepherd . Glaciers are crucial not only for this mountain region . They are also natural dams for all of Peru from which water flows to streams and rivers in downhill valleys . Glaciers also decrease the temperature . So far , the crew has covered an area of roughly 15,000 square meters  almost the size of three football fields  , still too small to determine if Gold 's idea will work in the long term . His goal is to cover 3 billion square meters , which would be much more than 500,000 football fields . For that , he would need about $ 1.5 billion spread over five years . He 's received an award from the World Bank to work on the project , but only enough for a modest beginning . "  If there 's a chance of bringing change , why ignore it ? Doing nothing would be worse . If we fail to act , life will end in this area , " Gold says . In a way , life has already ended in the town of Licapa . Gold says that only about 900 people remain in a place that thousands used to call home . But Salomon Parco says he 's confident the project will work in the long term . He 's betting his children 's future on it .	Mountains in Peruvian Andes that used to be covered with ice are now barren Mountain communities that depend on water from glaciers are threatened Engineer and self-described inventor wants to bring ice back to the mountains His solution : A mixture that turns mountain rocks white , lowers their temperature
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A pedestrian was struck twice by vehicles in Queens and dragged for 17 miles by the second vehicle before police found him dead in Brooklyn , New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told reporters Wednesday . Surveillance video shows a body in the middle of the street . The badly mangled body was discovered under a van after several passing motorists motioned the driver to pull over , Kelly said . Police had not identified the victim Wednesday evening , he said . The first driver called 911 to report he thought he had struck a pedestrian but did not see anyone . It turned out the second driver , in a van , had driven over the man , whose body became lodged under its chassis , according to police . Kelly said the van driver stopped at one point during the drive on New York City 's highways and roads because he noticed the vehicle was not driving properly . But he failed to find anything unusual , Kelly said . Police are retracing the route the van drove in an attempt to find body parts , he said . No charges have been filed , Kelly told reporters Wednesday afternoon .	Pedestrian struck twice , dragged 17 miles by second vehicle , New York police say Man struck in Queens , van stopped in Brooklyn , police say Body was lodged under van 's chassis , according to police Police retrace van 's route , seeking body parts
CNN  -- Two NASA rovers are about 5,200 miles apart on the surface of Mars and will likely never meet . But though they roam alone , Curiosity and Opportunity continue to reveal details about the Red Planet 's former habitable conditions . New studies in the journal Science describe insights from each of those rovers about ancient environments where microorganisms could have once lived . "  These results demonstrate that early Mars was habitable , but this does not mean that Mars was inhabited , " writes John Grotzinger , lead scientist on the Curiosity mission , in an introduction to the studies in the journal Science . We 've been hearing a lot about how the two-ton , car-sized Curiosity rover has been finding evidence that Mars may have hosted life at some point . Last year NASA came out and said that yes , Mars was once habitable . The new research reinforces that statement from Curiosity 's vantage point , and adds the perspective of the Opportunity rover , which has found a different ancient habitable environment on another part of the planet . Opportunity is smaller -- weighing 384 pounds , and about 5 feet in both length and height -- and older , having landed January 25 , 2004 , at a place called Meridiani Planum . It has driven just under 25 miles in a decade , and is currently situated in a place called Endeavour Crater . What Opportunity has found Opportunity does not have the tools required to detect carbon or nitrogen -- chemicals required for life -- directly . But it has been able to find smectite clay minerals -- which form in the presence of water -- in rocks on the rim of Endeavour Crater , with supporting evidence from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter orbiting above . Mystery rock spotted on Mars Scientists directed Opportunity to a place on the crater rim where the orbiter suggested these clays could be found . There , Opportunity uncovered evidence of rocks that preexisted the formation of the crater . Scientists believe the crater 's rim formed more than 3.7 billion years ago . "  These are rocks that were happy on the surface , and along comes the asteroid or the comet that formed Endeavour , and the rocks were uplifted on the rim , and then the ejecta was plopped right on top of them , " said Raymond Arvidson , lead study author and planetary scientist with the rover missions . The ancient rocks are called the Matijevic formation . They are fine-grained , layered rocks with dark veneers that are carrying iron clays that suggest water with a neutral to only slightly acidic pH was once in the area . Opportunity showed scientists fractures across these ancient rocks they wanted to explore . The rover 's rock-abrasion tool allowed scientists to uncover an aluminous clay that could be formed in only mildly acidic , and non-oxidizing waters . "  Whether or not life got started and evolved in that particular niche , in this groundwater percolating through the fractures , remains to be seen , " Arvidson said . But in a younger rock formation called the Burns formation , which largely filled in the crater , the rover found evidence of a more acidic and very oxidizing environment . This suggests that the environment was less hospitable after the formation of Endeavour Crater . Curious findings Curiosity , on the other hand , landed in Gale Crater , and helped scientists determine that an area called Yellowknife Bay was habitable in ancient times . Here , from the rim of the crater came stream waters that formed "  a lake-stream-groundwater system that might have existed for millions of years , " Grotzinger wrote . His other car is on Mars Smectite clay minerals there indicate there was a moderate to neutral pH , and the lack of sulfate minerals suggest also that there was not an acidic environment , Grotzinger wrote . This ancient habitable environment seems completely different from what Opportunity found at the Matijevic formation on Endeavour Crater , Arvidson said . Yellowknife Bay is probably younger , and definitely a sedimentary environment . All this suggests three distinct periods in Martian history , Arvidson said . In the first , in the early days , lots of water flowed on the surface , with lakes and groundwater flowing through , as represented by the Matijevic formation that Opportunity found and the mudstone in Yellowknife Bay that Curiosity found . One theory is that these warm , wet surface conditions took place in early times , when the planet 's iron-nickel core was still at least partially molten , Arvidson said . The molten core provided a magnetic field around it that shielded the atmosphere , scientists believe . The Burns formation , as examined by Opportunity , represents a later period -- likely , a drying out of Mars -- with more acidic , oxidizing waters . Volcanic activity was probably dying down , and the magnetic field waning . Lake beds were turned into sand dunes . "  Then the whole system shut off , " Arvidson said . The planet became what we see today : Cold and dry . Curiosity is equipped to find organic molecules , but finding them may be difficult . Assuming such molecules were enriched , and not destroyed when sediment turned into rock , they would have also needed to survive ionizing radiation . Another new study in Science describes the radiation environment on Mars , and suggests that , in theory , organics could have been preserved from millions of years ago -- but the indication of them might be much weaker now . What 's next for the rovers The Curiosity rover , representing a $ 2.5 billion mission , is now on its way to Mount Sharp , a sedimentary formation that will allow the rover to explore Mars ' history by driving up the peak 's slope and exploring rock chemical composition layer by layer . NASA is planning to launch another Curiosity-sized rover in 2020 , which could collect samples that later missions might return to Earth . Opportunity will continue exploring Endeavour Crater , moving southward to see if there are more of these ancient rocks from a more livable time . But Opportunity 's twin , Spirit , is n't going anywhere . Spirit also landed in January 2004 , on the opposite side of the planet , and got stuck in the soft soil of a place called Troy . That location turned out to be a scientific gold mine . Spirit showed evidence that water , possibly in the form of snow melt , had trickled into the subsurface relatively recently , and continuously . Spirit has been defunct since it stopped communicating in 2010 . The other rovers are too far away from it to pay their respects . Objective of 2020 mission to Mars : Signs of life , NASA says Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	The twin Spirit and Opportunity rovers landed on Mars in January 2004 Spirit lost communication with Earth in 2010 , but Opportunity is still sending data Studies describe insights about past life-supporting environments The Curiosity rover followed in August 2012
CNN  -- Luis Suarez is set to join Spanish giants Barcelona after Liverpool and the La Liga club announced they had agreed terms for a sale . And later Friday , Suarez 's lawyer said he would be appealing the four-month ban from any football activities Suarez received for biting Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup to the Court of Arbitration for Sport . Barcelona confirmed that Suarez will be traveling to the Nou Camp next week to undergo a medical before signing a five-year contract . Despite a reported transfer fee in the region of Â # 75 million  $ 128.5 million  , Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said it was with "  great reluctance " that the 27-year-old is being sold . "  The club have done all they can over a sustained period of time to try to keep Luis at Liverpool , " Rodgers said in a statement posted on Liverpool 's official website . "  It is with great reluctance and following lengthy discussions we have eventually agreed to his wishes to move to Spain for new experiences and challenges . We wish him and his young family well ; we will always consider them to be friends . " Suarez joined Liverpool in January 2011 from Dutch club Ajax for Â # 22.8 million  $ 39 million  , scoring 82 goals in 133 appearances . He played a pivotal role in the Reds ' title challenge last year , netting 31 times in 37 appearances . Liverpool came up just short in the end finishing second to Manchester City but ensured Champions League football for the first time in four seasons . Suarez 's time on Merseyside was also marked by two highly controversial incidents , resulting in lengthy bans . He was found guilty by the English Football Association  FA  of racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra at a match in October 2011 and given an eight-game suspension . And at the end of the 2012/13 season Suarez bit Chelsea 's Branislav Ivanovic on the arm , resulting in another ban of 10 matches for violent conduct . It was the second time that Suarez bit an opponent . While playing for Ajax in 2010 Suarez was suspended for seven games after biting PSV Eindhoven 's Otman Bakkal on the shoulder . Then came the incident involving Chiellini in Brazil . Despite his disciplinary difficulties , Rodgers praised Suarez for his contribution while at Anfield . "  Luis is a very special talent and I thank him for the role he has played in the team in the past two years , during my time at Liverpool , " Rodgers said . "  I think he would be the first to accept he has improved as a player over that period , along with the team and has benefited from being here , as we have benefited from him . " Appeal to CAS FIFA upheld Suarez 's suspension Thursday , with the player 's lawyer calling the punishment -- which included a nine-game international ban -- "  blatantly draconian , totalitarian and fascist . " Swiss-based CAS represents Suarez 's last chance of overturning his sanction . "  We hope they revoke this sanction that is blatantly draconian , totalitarian and fascist , " Alejandro Balbi told Spanish radio station Cope . "  The right of a footballer to work is being violated , and football should be worried about that . The nine  international  games may seem excessive , but the fact that he ca n't watch a game of football , or train or carry out his job , we are talking about unpleasant things . "  We knew that FIFA would uphold the ban because they are corporatists . We will not stop , we are going to go to the CAS and we will keep taking the juridical path that is available to us . " Read more : Suarez banned for four months	Controversial Uruguayan striker Barcelona bound after Liverpool agree to sale Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers let Suarez go with "  great reluctance " Barcelona confirmed in a statement that 27-year-old will undergo medical next week Striker set to sign a five-year deal with the La Liga giants subject to passing medical
CNN  -- There is something deeply troubling about President Obama 's decision to grant legal safe haven to unauthorized immigrants by executive order . It is n't the underlying policy that is troubling . Just the opposite . We have known for years that we would never deport some 11 million people from our midst . Many have become hard-working , productive members of our society , and Congress , working with the White House , should long ago have provided them a safe pathway out of the shadows . In that sense , this policy is good . One wonders indeed why the President , having decided to take the plunge , did n't go further and build a pathway to fuller benefits such as health care for those who establish a solid record of work and good behavior . Nor is it even the questionable legality that disturbs . On many occasions during our history , presidents have tested the boundaries of their constitutional power through executive orders : Lincoln 's suspension of habeas corpus , his Emancipation Proclamation , Franklin D. Roosevelt 's creation of the Works Progress Administration , FDR 's awful internment of Japanese-Americans , and Harry Truman 's integration of the armed forces were all accomplished through controversial executive orders . During the 19th century , conventional wisdom held that presidents had only as much authority as the constitution explicitly granted ; Teddy Roosevelt famously flipped that proposition on its head -- unless the Constitution explicitly forbids , he argued , the president has implied authority to act , especially as commander-in-chief . Many of his successors have agreed and usually the courts have gone along with them . Even so , President Obama 's executive order on immigration seems to move us into uncharted , dangerous waters . It is one thing for a president like Lincoln or FDR to act unilaterally in national emergencies . In nearly all the big examples of the past -- like the Emancipation Proclamation -- they were also acting as commander-in-chief . As the one foremost responsible for protecting the nation 's existence , a president as commander-in-chief has long been recognized as having inherent powers that stretch well beyond those of normal governance . Not an emergency But the challenges of immigration policy do not represent a national emergency , nor do they touch upon the military authorities of a president . Rather , they represent the chronic , abysmal failures of politicians in Washington to govern well from both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue . They helped create this immigration mess over a long number of years and working together , they have a public duty to solve it . The White House has repeatedly pointed to immigration-related executive orders issued by past presidents , notably Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush , to support the legality of President Obama 's order and to palliate its partisan sting . Both the executive orders cited , however , can be distinguished from the case at hand . Reagan granted amnesty to 100,000 undocumented immigrants to close a loophole in the comprehensive immigration reform bill passed in 1986 . Bush 's order , which granted amnesty to at most 1.5 million people  although the actual number who benefited is likely much smaller  , also attempted to clean up a piece of legislation . As Mark Krikorian writes in National Review , the Reagan and Bush examples were presidents trying to implement congressional directives , as is constitutionally permissible , whereas the current action is the President telling Congress "  I 'm going to implement my own directives . " While the President 's impatience is understandable and his anger at Republican intransigence is well placed , that does not justify an abandonment of traditional ways of addressing hard public problems . Against the spirit of the Constitution One can argue whether this executive order is legal , but it certainly violates the spirit of the founders . They intentionally focused Article One of the Constitution on the Congress and Article Two on the president . That is because the Congress is the body charged with passing laws and the president is the person charged with faithfully carrying them out . In effect , the Congress was originally seen as the pre-eminent branch and the president more of a clerk . The president 's power grew enormously in the 20th century but even so , the Constitution still envisions Congress and the president as co-equal branches of government -- or as the scholar Richard Neustadt observed , co-equal branches sharing power . For better or worse , Americans have always expected that in addressing big , tough domestic issues , Congress and the president had to work together to find resolution . For a president to toss aside such deep traditions of governance is a radical , imprudent step . When a president in day-to-day operations can decide which laws to enforce and which to ignore , where are the limits on his power ? Where are the checks and balances so carefully constructed in the Constitution ? If a Democratic president can cancel existing laws on immigration , what is to prevent the next Republican from unilaterally canceling laws on health care ? A bad way to start with new Congress Coming on the heels of midterm elections that were a clear call for a change of course in Washington , starting in the White House , this is also a discouraging way to open the final years of this presidency . A new Wall Street Journal/NBC poll finds that by 53-40 % , Americans feel positive about the election results ; by 56-33 % , they want Congress to set policy for the country , not the President ; by 57-40 % they favor a pathway to citizenship for illegal immigrants but by 42-32 % , they disapprove of Obama overhauling immigration through executive order . Why is n't the White House listening to the public ? In retrospect , it would have been far better if coming out of the elections , the President had said he had promised he would act through executive order before the end of the year , but in light of the election results , he would work with the new Congress for six months . If there were no legislation , he would act on his own . That would have been a much fairer proposition , would have started out with Republicans on better footing , and would have rallied the public behind him if the GOP refused to cooperate . Sadly , we instead have an action from the White House that will cast a dark shadow over prospects for legislative cooperation , falls short of what the immigrant population had hoped and steers us into deep , unknown waters in our governance .	David Gergen : President Obama 's action on immigration is a troubling move Gergen says Obama 's action is of questionable legality and sets a bad precedent Americans want the parties to work together and want Congress to set agenda , he says
CNN  -- "  Remember the Alamo , " but show some respect . That 's the view of Texas Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson , who is less than happy with the attention , unwanted in his view , that the historic site is getting . Boxers Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Saul "  Canelo " Alvarez appeared in Alamo Plaza on Monday night to promote their September 14 super-welterweight title fight in Las Vegas . "  This would not happen at Gettysburg . No one would even imagine holding such an event at the USS Arizona in Pearl Harbor , " Patterson said . "  It should be treated as the hallowed ground that it is . " The promotion comes five weeks after rapper Kanye West 's plan to project a video for his song "  New Slaves " on the facade of the Alamo failed to come into focus . San Antonio police said more than 500 people showed up -- some to see the video , and others to protest it -- but the screening never took place , CNN affiliate KENS reported . Fans complained on Twitter that the police were responsible for shutting down the event , but authorities said the organizers never showed up , according to KENS . "  Last month it was Kanye West , this month it 's Vegas fight promoters , " Patterson said . "  The Alamo is under a constant siege of people who just do n't appreciate the significance of the site . " The Alamo was the scene of a key battle in the Texas Revolution , sometimes known as the Texas War of Independence . And while the Texans were overrun in San Antonio by the forces of Mexican Gen. Antonio LÃ ³ pez de Santa Anna on March 6 , 1836 , they ultimately won the war . America 's top free attractions There and back again -- in one day CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report	"  This would not happen at Gettysburg , " Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson says Las Vegas boxing promoters used Alamo Plaza on Monday night Rapper Kanye West wanted to screen a video on the facade A key battle in the Texas Revolution was fought at the Alamo
CNN  -- Luke Donald gave his preparations for next week 's British Open a massive boost by securing a comfortable four-stroke victory in the Scottish Open at Castle Stuart , Inverness on Sunday . The world number one secured his third title of 2011 with a superb nine-under-par final round 63 -- his lowest-ever round on the European Tour -- for a 54-hole total of 197  -19  in a tournament reduced to three rounds because of adverse weather conditions . Sweden 's Fredrick Andersson Hed carded an even more impressive 10-under 62 to take second place while a group of seven players , including former Masters champion Angel Cabrera , tied for third place a further stroke behind . Mickelson still shooting with young guns The 33-year-old Englishman , who posted eight birdies including four in a row from the third hole , has now won six European Tour events and 10 worldwide . "  It 's nice to get another victory -- I can get used to this , " Donald told reporters after his second successive win following-on from his success at the PGA Championship in May . "  To do it on a links course is even better and when I play well I tend to do reasonably well the next week . "  This was perfect preparation . It does n't get any better than going out and winning the week before the British Open . I 'm going to be high on confidence . " With fellow-Englishman Lee Westwood coming only joint 14th , Donald also stretched his lead at the top of the world rankings . However , there was disappointment for European Ryder Cup captain Colin Montgomerie , who will miss his first British Open in 22 years after failing to get the top five placing he needed to qualify for the tournament .	World number one Luke Donald claims victory in the Scottish Open on Sunday Donald wins by four shots in the traditional warm-up event for the British Open The tournament is reduced to 54 holes because of adverse weather conditions
CNN  -- Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei may not be allowed to leave his native China , but his art is free to travel the globe , and some of it is now on display in Washington . "  Ai Weiwei : According to What ? " marks the first North American exhibition of Ai 's work . His art sprawls around an entire floor in the Smithsonian Institution 's Hirshhorn Museum . The outspoken artist , blogger , filmmaker and architect is perhaps best known for helping design the famous "  Bird 's Nest " Olympic stadium for the 2008 Summer Games in Beijing . Some of the artwork on display includes photos taken of the stadium while under construction . Ai later said he regretted his work on it because instead of the venue becoming a place for all , it became a place for the elite . Ai was on his way to Hong Kong in April 2011 when he was taken into custody at Beijing 's international airport and detained for 81 days amid a government crackdown on political activists . His studio in Beijing was raided , and his wife and several employees were taken into custody for questioning . Seven weeks after Ai was taken into custody , state news agency Xinhua reported that Beijing police said his company evaded a "  huge amount of taxes " and "  intentionally destroyed accounting documents . " Ai Weiwei loses tax evasion appeal "  My detention was an extreme condition for any human to endure . Many , including my family and the people who know me and care about the incident , were frustrated by the lack of an explanation or reason , " Ai said in a statement to the museum . "  Going through these events allowed me to rethink my art and the activities necessary for an artist , " he said . Ai was released on one year 's probation in June 2011 , with heavy restrictions imposed on his movements . The Chinese government still holds his passport . Ai 's criticism of the Chinese government gained attention following the 2008 Sichuan earthquake that left nearly 90,000 people dead or missing . Many of the victims were students who died when their poorly constructed schools collapsed on them . Ai has compiled a list of more than 5,000 of those students . Part of the list is on display at the museum , accompanied by audio of people reading the names of the students . Ai Weiwei will not be silenced Ai also has a work called "  Snake Ceiling " on display , made of hundreds of backpacks latched together in the shape of a snake . These are meant to represent children 's backpacks left behind after the earthquake . Ai said he saw numerous piles of backpacks outside schools when he traveled to Sichuan following the disaster . Some of the works take a personal tone , with pictures of Ai at a hospital following surgery to relieve pressure on his brain following what he said was from a beating by Chinese police . A medical scan shows the damage caused to his skull and brain . The exhibit will be on display at the Hirshhorn through February before it moves on to other venues in the United States and Canada . And having this work on the doorstep of policy-makers certainly is n't lost on museum officials . "  Ai Weiwei 's art and his activism resonate far beyond the art world and encourage an expanded dialogue on crucial social , cultural , and political issues of the day , " said Hirshhorn Museum Director Richard Koshalek in a catalogue detailing the exhibit . Ai Weiwei paints bleak picture of his and China 's future Despite the personal toll his work has taken on him , Ai said the struggle has been worth it . "  The struggle is worthwhile if it provides new ways to communicate with people and society , " Ai said . CNN 's Alexis Lai contributed to this report .	Dissident artist Ai Weiwei 's work is now in Washington at the Hirshhorn Museum Ai 's most famous work is the "  Bird 's Nest " stadium from the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing "  Ai Weiwei 's art and his activism resonate far beyond the art world , " museum officials say
Maybe it 's not surprising that in SeaWorld 's hometown of Orlando , an online poll showed overwhelming support for the theme park in light of a recent documentary that has raised questions about its treatment of killer whales . What has turned heads , though , is the fact that more than half of the votes appeared to have come from a computer , or computers , at SeaWorld itself . The CNN documentary "  Blackfish " traces the controversial history of killer whales in captivity , leading up to the 2010 killing of SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau by the 12,000-pound orca Tilikum , a whale previously associated with the death of two other people . On December 31 , the Orlando Business Journal posted an unscientific poll asking , "  Has CNN 's ` Blackfish ' documentary changed your perception of SeaWorld ? " By midday Thursday , the paper reported , an overwhelming 99 % of respondents said "  no , " their opinion of the beloved park had not changed . What the Journal discovered upon a closer look , though , was that 54 % of those 328 votes had been cast from a single Internet Protocol  IP  address . An IP address is an identifier that can represent either a single computer or a connected network of them . The address in this case ? SeaWorld.com . "  Not sure if this will become another belly flop for the theme park giant , but this surely could n't have been part of its public relations campaign , " the Journal 's Richard Bilbao wrote in a story exposing the vote . The survey results have since swerved the other way . By midday Friday , 70 % of the poll 's more than 1,700 respondents had said "  yes , " with only 30 % saying no . SeaWorld denies that the flood of "  no " votes from its computers was a case of digital ballot-box stuffing . "  It 's important to note we have more than 6,000 team members in Orlando , between three parks and our company headquarters , " spokesman Nick Gollattscheck said in an email to CNN . "  I think anyone would expect that an Orlando publication would be read and responded to by some of those team members . ... "  Our team members have strong feelings about their park and company and we encourage them to make their opinions known . If a poll is posted regarding SeaWorld , our team members have as much a right as anyone else to vote and express their opinion . We 're unsure why that 's being questioned here . " In a statement to the Business Journal , Gollattscheck specifically denied using a "  bot " to cast votes in the poll . A "  bot " is an automated tool that can be set up on a computer to perform a repetitive task , like voting repeatedly in a digital poll . "  Blackfish , " directed by Gabriela Cowperthwaite and acquired by CNN at the Sundance Film Festival , first aired on October 24 . Since then , SeaWorld has faced a considerable public-relations backlash . Musicians including Willie Nelson , Trisha Yearwood , Heart , Cheap Trick and Barenaked Ladies have canceled planned concert appearances at the park while other artists , like Joan Jett and Edgar Winter , have asked that their music no longer be used in shows featuring the sound-sensitive orcas . An online petition at Change.org asking country singer and "  American Idol " winner Scotty McCreery to cancel a March 1 show there has nearly 30,000 signatures . SeaWorld has said "  Blackfish " focuses on a small handful of events from the park 's 39-year history and ignores the park 's contributions to education , preservation and animal research .	SeaWorld computers poured votes into an online poll about the park Orlando paper asked whether CNN 's "  Blackfish " film had changed opinions More than half of early votes traced to an Internet address were from SeaWorld IP The park says concerned employees are responsible for the votes
Baghdad  CNN  -- A suicide bombing in a predominately Shia area of Baghdad has left 21 people dead and 25 people injured , according to a police source with knowledge of the incident speaking to CNN by phone . The source asked not to be identified for security reasons . The bomber targeted a Shia mosque in the city 's northeast al Harithyia neighborhood , the source said . As of Sunday , there has been no claim of responsibility . U.S. airdrops weapons , medical supplies to fighters in Kobani The past few weeks have seen a series of car and suicide attacks on Shia targets , some of which have been claimed by ISIS . Although Baghdad 's perimeter has appeared to hold firm against ISIS encroachment , the militant Sunni group has made strategically valuable gains in the country 's Anbar province , west of the capital . ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , has been accused of massacring Shiites in areas it controls .	The bomber targeted a Shiite mosque in northeast Baghdad ISIS has claimed responsibility for some recent attacks in Baghdad
Paris  CNN  -- Nearly two years after an Air France plane mysteriously fell out of the sky , killing 228 people , the bulk of the wreckage has been found with bodies still aboard , French officials said Monday . The human remains will be brought to the surface and identified , French Ecology and Transportation Minister Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet said at a news conference . Submarines searching for the wreck spotted two engines , the fuselage and landing gear over the weekend , officials said . But the flight data recorders have not been recovered , leaving investigators as puzzled as ever about why the plane crashed in stormy weather on June 1 , 2009 . "  It 's still a jigsaw puzzle , " said Alain Bouillard , who will be in charge of the recovery operation . "  We do not know where the recorders might be . " Kosciusko-Morizet said she was hopeful the flight data recorder , sometimes called the black box , would be found . "  The fact that we found various pieces , a lot of pieces of the plane in a quite concentrated area is a good hope for finding the black boxes , but we have no assurance , " she said . It is impossible to tell how many bodies remain in the wreck , he added . Fifty bodies were recovered in previous searches , leaving 178 victims still missing . He would not comment on the condition of the bodies , calling it "  inappropriate " to discuss . The debris is dispersed over "  quite a compact area " of about 600 meters by 200 meters  1,960 feet by about 650 feet  , he said . All the wreckage will be brought to the surface and sent to France for study , said Jean-Paul Troadec , head of the French air accident investigation agency , the Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses , or BEA . "  We want to know what happened in this accident , most particularly so it never happens again , " he said . Three companies bidding to raise the wreck have until Thursday afternoon to submit proposals , he said . The operation should take three weeks to a month , and will be paid for by the French government at an estimated cost of 5 million euros  $ 7.1 million  , he said . Authorities are not revealing the exact location of the wreck to protect the site , officials said . The head of Air France said the discovery was "  good news indeed since it gives hope that information on the causes of the accident , so far unresolved , will be found . " Air France 's Pierre-Henri Gourgeon added his thanks to the French authorities "  who employed hitherto unheard of means to pursue searches . " Investigators announced Sunday that they had found pieces of the Airbus A330-200 that disappeared while flying to Paris from Rio de Janeiro . After three unsuccessful searches , investigators discovered the wreckage by using "  a different calculation based on currents of the sea and what might have happened , " Troadec , the BEA chief , said Monday . The BEA said Sunday that a team led by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution discovered parts during an underwater search operation conducted within the previous 24 hours . Studies of the debris and bodies found after the crash led the BEA to conclude the plane hit the water belly first , essentially intact . Oxygen masks were not deployed , indicating that the cabin did not depressurize , the agency said in a 2009 report . Automated messages sent from the plane in the minutes before the crash showed there were problems measuring air speed , investigators have said , though they said that alone was not enough to cause the disaster . The area where the plane went down is far out in the Atlantic -- two to four days for ships to reach from the nearest ports in Brazil or Senegal in West Africa . The underwater terrain is rough , with underwater mountains and valleys , the BEA has said .	NEW : Submarines spot engines , the fuselage and landing gear The data recorders have not been found , so "  it 's still a jigsaw puzzle , " an investigator says The bodies will be brought to the surface and identified , a French official says The plane went down while flying from Brazil to France in 2009
You do not want to talk to me on the phone . How do I know ? Because I do n't want to talk to you on the phone . Nothing personal , I just ca n't stand the thing . I find it intrusive and somehow presumptuous . It sounds off insolently whenever it chooses and expects me to drop whatever I 'm doing and , well , engage . With others ! When I absolutely must , I take the call , but I do n't do a very good job of concealing my displeasure . A close family member once offered his opinion that I exhibit the phone manners of a goat , then promptly withdrew the charge -- out of fairness to goats . So it was with profound relief that I embraced the arrival of e-mail and , later , texting . They meant a conversation I could control -- utterly . I get to say exactly what I want exactly when I want to say it . It consumes no more time than I want it to and , to a much greater degree than is possible with a phone call , I get to decide if it takes place at all . That might make me misanthropic . It surely makes me a crank . But it does n't make me unusual . Read about the TIME Mobility Poll here . The telephone call is a dying institution . The number of text messages sent monthly in the U.S. exploded from 14 billion in 2000 to 188 billion in 2010 , according to a Pew Institute survey , and the trend shows no signs of abating . Not all of that growth has come out of the hide of old-fashioned phoning , but it is clearly taking a bite -- particularly among the young . Americans ages 18-29 send and receive an average of nearly 88 text messages per day , compared to 17 phone calls . The numbers change as we get older , with the overall frequency of all communication declining , but even in the 65 and over group , daily texting still edges calling 4.7 to 3.8 . In the TIME mobility poll , 32 % of all respondents said they 'd rather communicate by text than phone , even with people they know very well . This is truer still in the workplace , where communication is between colleagues who are often not friends at all . "  No more trying to find time to call and chit-chat , " is how one poll respondent described the business appeal of texting over talking . The problem , of course , is what 's lost when that chit-chat goes . Developmental psychologists studying the impact of texting worry especially about young people , not just because kids are such promiscuous users of the technology , but because their interpersonal skills -- such as they are -- have not yet fully formed . Most adults were fixed social quantities when they first got their hands on a text-capable mobile device , and while their ability to have a face-to-face conversation may have eroded in recent years , it 's pretty well locked in . Not so with teens . As TIME has reported previously , MIT psychologist Sherry Turkle is one of the leading researchers looking into the effects of texting on interpersonal development . Turkle believes that having a conversation with another person teaches kids to , in effect , have a conversation with themselves -- to think and reason and self-reflect . "  That particular skill is a bedrock of development , " she told me . Turkle cites the texted apology -- or what she calls "  saying ` I 'm sorry ' and hitting send " -- as a vivid example of what 's lost when we type instead of speak . "  A full-scale apology means I know I 've hurt you , I get to see that in your eyes , " she says . "  You get to see that I 'm uncomfortable , and with that , the compassion response kicks in . There are many steps and they 're all bypassed when we text . " When the apology takes place over the phone rather than in person , the visual cues are lost , of course , but the voice -- and the sense of hurt and contrition it can convey -- is preserved . Part of the appeal of texting in these situations is that it 's less painful -- but the pain is the point . "  The complexity and messiness of human communication gets shortchanged , " Turkle says . "  Those things are what lead to better relationships . " Habitual texters may not only cheat their existing relationships , they can also limit their ability to form future ones since they do n't get to practice the art of interpreting nonverbal visual cues . There 's a reason it 's so easy to lie to small kids  "  Santa really , truly did bring those presents "  and that 's because they 're functional illiterates when it comes to reading inflection and facial expressions . As with real reading , the ability to comprehend subtlety and complexity comes only with time and a lot of experience . If you do n't adequately acquire those skills , moving out into the real world of real people can actually become quite scary . "  I talk to kids and they describe their fear of conversation , " says Turkle . "  An 18-year-old I interviewed recently said , ` Someday , but certainly not now , I want to learn to have a conversation . ' " Adults are much less likely to be so conversation-phobic , but they do become conversation-avoidant -- mostly because it 's easier . Texting an obligatory birthday greeting means you do n't have to fake an enthusiasm you 're not really feeling . Texting a friend to see what time a party starts means you do n't also have to ask "  How are you ? " and , worse , get an answer . The text message is clearly here to stay and even the most zealous phone partisans do n't recommend avoiding it entirely . But mix it up some -- maybe even throw in a little Skyping or Facetime so that when you finally do make a call you 're actually seeing and interacting with another person . Too much texting , Turkle warns , amounts to a life of "  hiding in plain sight . " And the thing about hiding is , it keeps you entirely alone .	As texting use rises , the phone call is becoming a dying institution American age 18-29 send an average of nearly 88 text messages a day Psychologists worry social skills in young texters wo n't develop Habitual texters may hurt relationships , miss out on new ones
Sure , North Korea 's government despises the movie "  The Interview . " But when its propagandists say it did not hack Sony Pictures before the original release date of the flick that satirizes dictator Kim Jong-un , they might just be telling the truth . Some U.S. cyber experts say the evidence the FBI has presented to attempt to incriminate hackers working for the communist regime is not enough to pin the blame on Pyongyang . "  It 's clear to us , based on both forensic and other evidence we 've collected , that unequivocally they are not responsible for orchestrating or initiating the attack on Sony , " said Sam Glines , who runs the cybersecurity company Norse . The FBI has said that code in the malware used by a group called "  Guardians of Peace "  GoP  in the attack on Sony is similar to code used by North Korea in other attacks . But that code was leaked a long time ago , experts say . Any hacker anywhere in the world could have used it . There is a group in the Kim regime that is responsible for cyber warfare , but independent IT security researcher Scott Borg does n't believe North Korea was capable of the Sony hack . "  It 's beyond the skill level that we have been able to observe , " he said . CNN has reached out to the FBI for comment on the doubts about North Korea 's involvement in the Sony hack , but has not heard back . Earlier this month , U.S. officials told CNN on condition of anonymity that the National Security Agency and FBI were able to trace the attack back to North Korea . A whodunit So , North Korea might not have done it . But if not , who did ? Sony may be a bur in Pyongyang 's fur for the movie , in which an actor playing Kim is confronted by the protagonist with North Korea 's human rights record . In the end , they do bloody battle . But Sony has other enemies -- both internal and external . One example could be the group that says it launched a cyberattack on Christmas Day against Sony 's PlayStation Network . The Lizard Squad has claimed responsibility for knocking PSN gamers offline and said it had also done the same with Microsoft 's Xbox . In the summer , it also smacked game networks Battle.net , Eve Online and League of Legends . But after Sony Online Entertainment acknowledged large-scale attacks on Twitter this summer , the Lizards appear to have gotten particularly nasty with them . Bomb threat A Tweet sent from an account in the hackers ' name alleged there was a bomb on board a plane carrying Sony Online Entertainment president , John Smedley . The plane diverted . The Lizards also claimed responsibility for a PlayStation Network outage early this month , just days after the big Sony Pictures hack that plundered a record-worthy 100 terabytes of data . It included movies , company secrets , employee data , embarrassing internal emails and Social Security numbers of celebrities . Then there are Sony 's internal rubs : Security employees have been hit by layoffs . A disgruntled former longtime employee code-named "  Lena " has ties to GoP , Glines said . And she had high access to company secrets and user data . There 's a possibility these were n't hacked away from Sony but given away instead . "  Lena " was probably mad about layoffs , Glines said , but she may have also commiserated with people who pirated Sony movies and other content "  and how they had been prosecuted in the U.S. and other countries . " CNN asked Sony about Glines ' account on "  Lena " but has received no reply . Deja vu There are myriad other possibilities . There are hackers for hire . Or -- like that leaked North Korean code -- lots of malware is available through the Internet . Cyberattackers can augment off-the-shelf viruses with customized components . Also , Sony is a broad target that plenty of hackers have taken shots at in the past . In October 2012 , the hacker group "  The Three Musketeers " released a security key that allowed PS3 users to run pirated games . And in April 2011 , Sony 's PlayStation Network was shut down for nearly a month when hackers stole the personal information of an estimated 77 million people . A 19-year-old Briton , allegedly a member of a hacking group called LulzSec , was arrested over that one . That same year , in June , hackers released 150,000 Sony Pictures records , including user names and passwords , and claimed to have compromised the private information of more than 1 million people . This month 's hack was a reprise of that one for critics and for some employees planning to sue the company for failing to protect their privacy .	"  Unequivocally , they are not responsible , " a cybersecurity expert says about North Korea Malware in the Sony hack may have originated in North Korea but leaked a long time ago Hackers have often taken shots at Sony In 2011 , hackers stole the data of an estimated 77 million people
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso insists he is not thinking about the prospect of his Red Bull rivals Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel combining to deprive him of a third Formula One world title this weekend . The season comes to a climax at Sunday 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix with four drivers battling to take home motorsport 's biggest prize . Ferrari 's Alonso holds an eight-point lead over second-placed Webber , with Vettel in third 15 points off the top . McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton has an outside chance of claiming his second crown , being 24 points behind Alonso with only 25 on offer to the winner . With Red Bull having already secured the constructors ' championship , this has led to speculation that the 23-year-old Vettel will be asked to allow his Australian teammate to overtake him if the pair are leading the field at the Yas Marina circuit . Latest F1 championship standings But two-time champion Alonso -- whose team was fined $ 100,000 in September for telling Felipe Massa to allow the Spaniard to win July 's German Grand Prix -- says he is focusing on his own race , needing a first or second-place finish to ensure another title . "  I do n't think I would lose even one second of my energy this weekend thinking of what is going to happen on Sunday afternoon , " the 29-year-old told F1 's official website when asked whether he would understand if Vettel assisted Webber . "  Our only picture of the race at the moment is winning it or finishing second . That 's the target and I think that 's what we 're going to achieve this weekend . "  I think there 's not anything we can do other than try to finish second or first in the race , that is mathematically our position to win the championship , so it 's our goal , from Friday to Sunday , our preparation will be to reach that target . " Vettel would not be drawn on whether he is planning to support his colleague during Sunday 's race , but he did admit he was keen to avoid a repeat of this year 's Turkish Grand Prix where he and Webber crashed while battling for position . "  If the situation occurs then I think we know that we 're driving for the team , " the German said . "  We have had some occasions this year where we got close and it did n't look too good , so I think the main target is not to repeat that , and the rest we will see . "  There are lots of things happening , and more important things happening before we enter this possible stage , whatever the scenario . " Meanwhile , Webber claimed he would take a lot of positive memories from the 2010 season , even if he does miss out on the world championship . "  I know that I 've been very fortunate even to have a chance to get to this point , " the 34-year-old said . "  It 's been a very long season for all of us , and as the season 's gone on we 've achieved so many amazing things , and obviously , personally , for me , to have some very special weekends . " Hamilton must come home first and hope Alonso is outside the top-10 to stand any chance of repeating his 2008 success . "  I have nothing to lose , " the 25-year-old British driver said . "  The guys in front of me have everything to lose , so for me I am going to be flat-out as always . "  They have got generally faster cars than me but that does n't mean that we can not fight for a win . Obviously I have to win this race . That 's what we plan to do . "	Fernando Alonso is not concerned about possible Red Bull team orders in Sunday 's season finale Red Bull drivers Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel can still win the world championship Vettel would not comment on whether he would help second-placed Webber in Abu Dhabi Lewis Hamilton is also still in with an outside chance of taking the world crown
CNN  -- Can we simply enjoy movies without having to fact-check every little thing ? Apparently not , because so many people feel compelled to show us how clever they are by attempting to point out factual errors depicted in film after film . News flash : Movies are supposed to be an entertaining experience . They are an escape from reality . If you want to learn history or facts , read a book . Or if you are too lazy to do that , then google it . We have seen this self-aggrandizing spectacle of people fact-checking movies with two recent films . The first is the current box office champion , "  Gravity , " with the other being "  The Butler . " "  Gravity , " which stars Sandra Bullock and George Clooney , follows a space mission that goes terribly awry . Despite its box office success , a chorus of critics have attacked numerous scientific flaws in the film -- such as pointing out the allegedly inaccurate way Bullock 's hair floated in zero gravity . But that 's nothing compared to the recent barrage of Twitter attacks launched at the film by astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson . His tweets ranged from criticizing the direction space debris was depicted as travelling to more nuanced issues such as faulting filmmakers for showing that the Hubble Space Telescope , the International Space Station and a Chinese space station were , "  all in sight lines of one another . " This is not the guy you want to sit next to in a movie theater during "  Star Wars . " I can just hear him whispering things such as : "  The Death Star is too big to fly at that rate of speed , " or "  Yoda could never survive in that atmosphere . " Look , "  Gravity " does n't even pretend to be based on anything more than the screenwriter 's imagination . And here 's the biggest thing for people like deGrasse Tyson to keep in mind : it 's science fiction , for God 's sake ! You would think the "  fiction " part of "  science fiction " is something that an astrophysicist could comprehend . And then there 's "  The Butler , " the Lee Daniels film about a man who served for decades as a butler for various presidents at the White house . This film was attacked by the left and the right for being historically inaccurate . Some have cited errors with the film 's account of specific instances of the civil rights movement while others expressed outrage over the way President Ronald Reagan was depicted -- apparently some view Reagan as a deity . Here 's a spoiler alert  and by "  spoiler alert , " I mean a spoiler to people who have never googled or read anything about the film  : It was fiction -- that means it was made up . There was no "  Cecil Gaines , " the butler character played by Forest Whitaker in the film . The film does not even purport to be a bio pic . Sure , it was loosely inspired by the life of Eugene Allen , a man who served as a butler in the White House for 34 years for eight presidents , but the film was a fictionalized account . And we saw similar obsessive fact-checking last year with movies such as "  Argo " and "  Lincoln . " I guess we should be thankful that Twitter was n't around when "  Forrest Gump " was released because people would have gone crazy with tweets over that one . Can we agree on something ? A director who is making a documentary should be required to present an accurate recitation of facts and history . But for all other movies , filmmakers should be afforded creative license to make the movie that fulfills their vision of the story they want to tell , even ones based on real events . Filmmakers are not historians , nor should they be held to such a standard . Consequently , directors must be allowed to add scenes or dialogue that make the film more entertaining , such as the fictionalized depiction in "  Argo " of American diplomats trying to board a plane to escape from Iran before they are discovered . So here 's my advice to all you self-appointed movie fact-checkers who are just waiting to pounce on any mistake you detect in a film to show off how clever you are : Relax . Go to a movie , log off of Twitter , silence your phone , sit back , eat some overpriced cold popcorn that 's part of the criminally expensive "  value combo " and watch the film . You never know -- you might just find that you actually enjoy it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Some popular films have come under attack for being loose with the facts He says a film such as "  Gravity " is clearly science fiction ; no need to fact-check every point Only documentary filmmakers are required to be true to the events they depict , he says Obeidallah : Relax and enjoy films that take liberties to make story lines more compelling
Major airports are n't typically the coolest places to kick back and have some fun . Thousands of passengers herded toward departure gates and lengthy security queues manned by stoney-faced stewards rarely equates to a joyful time . But an increasing number of airports are attempting to liven up the pre-flight experience by providing a variety of weird and wonderful distractions to keep the weary traveler entertained . From live music concerts to contemporary art exhibitions and from IMAX cinemas to public ice rinks , some have so much going on they 're on the verge of becoming travel destinations in themselves . See also : Record breaking airports So , where are these happening aviation hotspots ? We 've selected seven of the world 's biggest and busiest airports where entertainment and leisure services are taking off . Singapore Singapore 's Changi Airport may claim to be Southeast Asia 's premier air cargo hub , but it 's also one of the original innovators in the field of airport entertainment . The giant facility was one of the first to introduce free WiFi areas whilst a roof-top pool and jacuzzi has been open to passengers since the late 1990s . Amenities introduced in recent years include an interactive art gallery , children 's fun slide and an on-site nature trail . Free city tours of Singapore are also available to any passenger with a stopover of five hours or more . Nashville Nashville has long been considered one of the cradles of American music . Elvis Presley , Dolly Parton and Johnny Cash have all been fixtures of the city 's famed recording studios . Keen to play up this lively musical past , Nashville International Airport puts on regular live concerts for travelers and music enthusiasts alike . Four stages -- one located outside security and three more beyond -- host upwards of 100 free events every year . See also : How good is your airport sign language ? Country music and jazz performances are staples here , but rock bands and traditional Celtic acts are also a common sight . San Francisco Elaborate art installations are now a common fixture at airports around the world , but San Francisco International  SFO  was offering travelers an insight into the aesthetic more than 30 years ago . The SFO Museum -- which is comprised of more than 20 galleries across four terminals -- was inaugurated in 1980 and continues to host an ever-changing schedule of exhibitions on a diverse range of subjects . Passengers are free to browse the airport 's myriad exhibits while non-flying visitors on day trips from the San Francisco Bay Area are also able to stop by . See also : The world 's transport hubs Recent events include a collection of pan-Asian ceramics dating as far back as the seventh century AD and a photographic expose on the secret life of plants . Seoul-Incheon Incheon Airport on the outskirts of Seoul , South Korea , has earned a reputation for travel excellence . The sprawling complex is one of the world 's busiest passenger and cargo hubs , snapping up the Airports Council International world 's best airport in air service quality award for seven consecutive years . Integral to this success is the wide selection of fun activities and facilities to keep waiting passengers occupied . An ice rink , casino , spa and sauna represent just a few of the cool distractions on offer . A five-minute shuttle drive away from the airport , travelers can tee off for a relaxing round on the airport 's 18-hole Incheon Golf Club course . Munich Munich is famed for its Oktoberfest beer festival and the city 's airport aims to bring a sample of the alcohol-fueled fun to thirsty passengers . Airbau , a Bavarian-style tavern complete with its own brewery and traditional German beer-garden , serves up over 110,000 gallons of homemade hops from its home in the airport 's Terminal 1 every year . Like all genuine Oktoberfest celebrations , Airbau also plays host to a lively music program during busy periods and an outdoor beer garden . Sydney Potted plants are a common adornment in many airport waiting areas , but the Qantas First Lounge at Sydney International Airport , Australia , takes green decor to altogether more holistic levels . The luxury facility is home to a 30-meter vertical garden , comprising 8,400 plants . The giant installation is incorporated into the facility 's restaurant and day spa treatment rooms , where passengers can relax with a massage or refreshing shower . See also : Could you park a plane ? A business center and library meanwhile offer optimum quiet space for working travelers to hit the books . Hong Kong At 13.8 meters high and 22.4 meters wide , Hong Kong International 's on-site cinema is the world 's only airport IMAX and the largest cinema in the Chinese territory . The giant screen replaced the previous terminal two movie theater , the 4D Extreme Screen , in June last year . Hong Kong residents as well as travelers are able to access the cinema given its landside position at the airport . Both 2D and 3D movies are regularly shown , including the latest Hollywood blockbusters and so called "  edutainment " features .	Airports are providing entertainment facilities to improve passenger experiences Golf courses , breweries and live music shows are now features of individual airports around the world Other airports play host to art exhibitions , health spas and IMAX cinemas
CNN  -- Imagine the entire population of Kentucky forced out of their homes in the past 25 years , with many of the residents moving to a neighboring country . Displaced children at a camp in El Barrancon , Colombia , earlier this year . That 's what has happened in Colombia , a country of 45 million where up to 4 million people -- roughly the population of Kentucky -- have been forced to flee fighting between government forces and an entrenched Marxist rebel group . So many Colombians have taken flight to escape violence that the nation has the second largest number of internally displaced people in the world -- surpassed only by Sudan in Africa . Oftentimes , the violence is not incidental . "  Violence against civilians is a strategy of war for all the parties involved in the warfare , " said Ellen Beattie , who worked for relief agencies in Colombia for 15 years . "  That 's the problem . They do it on purpose . They use it as a strategy . Vicious . " Exact figures are hard to come by . Reliefweb , a United Nations Web site that provides information to humanitarian relief organizations , says nearly 400,000 Colombians were displaced last year . The Colombian government puts the number of displaced at 255,000 for 2008 . Likewise , the Colombian government says nearly 3 million citizens have been displaced inside the country in the past few decades . But the non-governmental Consultancy for Human Rights and Displacements , known in Colombia as CODHES , estimates more than 4 million people have had to leave their homes since the 1980s . Mauricio de Vengoechea , a political analyst with the Newlink Group consulting firm , says about 200,000 Colombians have ended up in Ecuador , which has granted 5,500 residency permits in the past eight weeks . At the heart of the violence lies a guerrilla war with the Colombian government and paramilitary groups on one side and the FARC , which is the Spanish acronym for Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , on the other . The FARC has been waging war against the government since the 1960s and has major strongholds in the jungles of southwest Colombia , near the 366-mile  590-kilometer  border with Ecuador . Narcotraffickers also have strongholds in the area and are often allied with the FARC , who provide security and intelligence . Many times the rebels and the narcotraffickers are one and the same . The guerrillas use drug money to buy weapons . "  There are large parts of Colombia where the state has no presence , no police , no army , nothing , " said Myles Frechette , the U.S. ambassador to Colombia from 1994 to 1997 . "  That 's where the narcotraffickers hang out . " That makes it valuable territory for the guerrillas and narcos , said Beattie , executive director of the International Rescue Committee office in Atlanta , Georgia . "  They 're more willing to fight over land that is strategic , " she said . "  You 've poured gasoline on the fire with that . " As the army , paramilitaries and the guerrillas fight for territory -- often retaking land one side or the other had held before -- the civilian population gets caught in the middle . When one side comes in , Beattie said , everyone living in the area is suspected of having collaborated with the enemy . That sometimes leads to massacres , or at least kidnappings and death threats . "  The majority of displacements in Colombia are not because of combat , but because people are directly threatened , " said Gustavo Valdivieso , spokesman in Colombia for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . "  They are told , ` Leave or be killed . ' " Many times , indigenous populations in far-flung places suffer the most . That 's what happened earlier this year to the Awa tribe in southwest Colombia . The FARC admitted in an Internet statement that guerrillas "  executed " eight people February 6 in the town of Rio Bravo because the rebels believed the Indians were gathering information to give to the Colombian military . The Human Rights Watch organization said the guerrillas tortured some of the Awa before killing them with knives . Luis Evelis Andrade of the National Indigenous Organization of Colombia said the FARC had targeted the Awa because the Indians do n't want to get involved in the armed struggle and refuse to reveal information on government troop actions . He said the FARC had abducted 120 Awa in February and killed 44 . "  We are very worried about the Awa community , " said Monsignor Gustavo Giron Higuita , the bishop of the city of Tumaco . "  It is a community that is pretty unprotected and that in the past five years has received a type of persecution by armed groups . " The Colombian government has issued a "  risk report " warning that civilians in the region are in danger , and the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees proclaimed an alert this week about threats against human rights workers . A U.N. report notes that displacement disproportionately affects Colombia 's poorest citizens , and their lives get worse after they are forced to flee . One of every two displaced Colombians is unemployed and a similar number live in makeshift homes made of cloth , cardboard or wood , says the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . More than three-fourths of children who leave school after being displaced never return . Then there 's the issue of forced conscription . According to Reliefweb , between 12,000 and 14,000 minors have been forced to join armed groups . Valdivieso , the U.N. spokesman in Colombia , notes that displaced residents have lost about 15 million acres  6 million hectares  . That 's an area about the size of West Virginia . "  You have displaced people living in hunger in the cities of Colombia while they still have property , " Valdivieso said . Displacement occurs when people move within a country . When they leave the country , they become refugees . The problem occurs among all segments of Colombian society . The political class is often hit hard . Ramiro Echeverri was among 12 regional lawmakers the FARC kidnapped on April 11 , 2002 , in Cali , Colombia 's third-largest city . The rebels killed him and 10 others on June 18 , 2007 , when a Colombian army patrol came upon the camp in which the hostages were being held . When the bodies were recovered three months later , autopsies showed most had been shot several times in the back . Echeverri 's son , also named Ramiro , was a doctor in Cali at the time . "  We buried him and the next day we left the country , " he said . He , his wife and younger sister first went to Ecuador , where they lived for two months before securing passage to Atlanta , where he works as a neurological researcher for the Emory University School of Medicine . His mother stayed behind but visits often , especially after the birth of her granddaughter , Rafaela , four months ago . Echeverri , 28 , has been in the United States for 16 months but still harbors hopes to return . "  Of course , " he said . "  It is a very good country . I believe there will be a solution . Once there is , I will go back . " Atlanta resident Ibonne Pinilla Martinez , 25 , tells a similar story . Her father was a politician in Palmira , in southwest Colombia about 17 miles east of Cali . He started receiving threats and some colleagues were kidnapped . They first moved around inside Colombia , living in three cities over a two-year period . She , her parents and a younger sister then lived in Costa Rica for five years before moving to Atlanta two years ago , the soft-spoken Pinilla said . "  There is always fear when someone makes threats , " she said . She , too , holds expectations of returning some day . "  We will wait for the right time and for all that to end , " Pinilla said . Many refugees end up in Ecuador because it 's the nearest country to the killing fields of southwestern Colombia . Some are forced there by the fighting . "  Over the course of the past five years , the FARC has been pushed back into Colombia 's less densely populated jungle regions and across the Ecuadorian border , " said Patrick Esteruelas , an analyst with the Eurasia Group consulting firm . "  More and more citizens in southern Colombia have been forced out and had nowhere else to go but Ecuador . " Beattie , the aid agency official , has noticed the same phenomena . "  The Colombians go across where the violence pushes them that way , " she said . "  Often , that 's the only direction they can go . " Ecuador has started incorporating the displaced Colombians , giving residency status to 5,500 in the past few weeks . That may seem surprising , given the poor standing between the countries . Ecuador broke diplomatic relations with Colombia in March 2008 and amassed troops along the border after a Colombian military attack against a FARC camp inside Ecuador . The attack killed 25 people , including rebel leader Raul Reyes , four Mexicans and an Ecuadorian . No country in the area is afraid of Ecuador , says Frechette , the former U.S. ambassador . Neither is the FARC . "  Ecuador is a very weak state . It 's lost 60 percent of its territory since its independence  in 1822  , " he said . "  Ecuador is a little guy who gets pushed around by everybody . " Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa used the tension to forge national unity when he successfully ran for re-election in April 2009 , said Vengoechea . "  It was more convenient for President Correa to be an enemy of Colombia than a friend of Colombia , " Vengoechea said . "  Now both sides have been trying to find common points to restore diplomatic relationships , " Esteruelas said . The issue of residency visas , he said , "  is one such point . " Ecuador also may have felt the need to do something about the FARC . "  Ecuadorians are also under a lot of pressure since allegations that the FARC was coming across the border and Ecuador has been looking the other way , " said Esteruelas . "  Ecuador is under pressure to register all Colombian immigrants coming in to prevent Colombian rebels from coming into Ecuador unregistered and unnoticed . "	Colombian civilians caught in cross fire between rebels , government forces "  Violence against civilians is a strategy of war , " relief worker says Many civilians flee homes as a result of direct threats Ecuador is country closest to Colombia 's killing fields , many flee there
CNN  -- Rolling Stone has announced its choice for the best album of 2014 . And it may also be the most hated album of 2014 . The honor goes to U2 's "  Songs of Innocence , " which annoyed many listeners in September when it was automatically sent to the accounts of 500 million active iTunes users , without their consent , as part of an Apple promotion . Although the album was free , some users grumbled that the distribution method was invasive . Frontman Bono later apologized , saying the band "  got carried away with ourselves . " "  There was no bigger album of 2014 -- in terms of surprise , generosity and controversy , " Rolling Stone 's editors said Monday in defending their choice . "  Bono , the Edge , Adam Clayton and Larry Mullen Jr. put their lives on the line : giving away 11 songs of guitar rapture and frank , emotional tales of how they became a band out of the rough streets and spiritual ferment of Seventies Dublin . " Much of the Internet , however , howled in laughter and protest . "  U2 actually just appeared on the Rolling Stone AOTY list and RS did n't know how to delete it , " wrote one Twitter user . "  In case anyone was wondering if Rolling Stone 's opinions on music were still relevant , they named U2 's new album the best of the year , so ... " said another . As a pop-culture magazine founded in the 1960s , Rolling Stone is often viewed as being less daring in its tastes than online rivals such as Pitchfork , which gave "  Songs of Innocence " a 4.6 out of 10 . Although U2 remains one of the biggest artists in the world , the band 's popularity has slumped over the past decade . "  Songs of Innocence " has received little airplay and mixed responses from critics , reflected by its score of 65 out of 100 on Metacritic , which aggregates reviews . In ranking their top 50 albums of the year , Rolling Stone chose U2 over high-profile releases from Bruce Springsteen  # 2  , The Black Keys  # 3  , Taylor Swift  # 10  and others . Many of 2014 's top sellers , including releases by Beyonce , Ed Sheeran and Sam Smith , did not make the list .	Rolling Stone names U2 's "  Songs of Innocence " the best album of the year Editors : "  No bigger album ... in terms of surprise , generosity and controversy " Many people on Twitter mocked the choice and said it shows Rolling Stone is out of touch
CNN  -- Tiger Woods returns to golf on Thursday insisting he is ready to win and has no regrets over firing his long-time caddie Steve Williams . The former world number one has been out of action since May with a knee injury but is preparing to make his long-awaited comeback at the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational on Thursday . He will do so without Williams , who was on his bag for 13 of his 14 major wins . Instead , friend Bryon Bell will be on caddie duty until Woods can find a full time replacement for the New Zealander , who reacted to the split by claiming he had "  wasted two years of my life " while Woods was engulfed in a sex scandal and battled to find his best form . "  That 's what he says and what he feels , " Woods told a press conference . "  I felt it was time for a change . I felt that Stevie and I have had an amazing run -- Stevie 's an amazing caddie . "  He 's helped my career , and I think I 've helped his as well . We won a bunch of tournaments , but I just felt like it was time to change things up a little bit . "  I feel comfortable with the move and I 've got Bryon on the bag this week . Bryon and I go way back -- we 're very comfortable on the course together . I do n't have a permanent caddie , but we 'll see going forward . " Woods said he had informed Williams of his decision during a "  man-to-man " conversation after the AT&T National tournament in early July . The 35-year-old said his new caddie would have to be someone who could handle the spotlight and revealed his vacancy had attracted plenty of applications -- not all of them desirable . "  Caddies out here -LSB- on tour -RSB- -- a few have applied . People who are not caddies out here -- a ton , " Woods joked . "  We 've had a lot of ... interesting ones . " -LSB- I 'll be looking for -RSB- Someone that understands the game and can handle the pressure , of coming down the stretch on the back nine on Sunday . Someone who has been there before , can understand it and deal with that . " Woods claims the work he has put in with coach Sean Foley is starting to benefit his game as he prepares to swing his first club in anger since pulling out of the Players Championship on May 12 . He added : "  I have been hitting more solid than I have in the past . Some of the things I 'm working with Sean are starting to make sense . I can see what he 's trying to get me to do . "  I 've had some good practice sessions of late and just need to tee it up and do it on Thursday . I 'm here to try and win a golf tournament . I 'm just focused on that . "	Tiger Woods has no regrets over the decision to sack caddie Steve Williams Woods is preparing to return to golf after nearly three months out with injury Former world number one plays in the Bridgestone Invitational on Thursday Woods ' friend Bryon Bell will be his temporary caddie
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The lawyer trying to get two American hikers freed from prison in Iran was not able to get a signature on bail paperwork because a judge is on vacation until Tuesday , he told CNN Sunday . Bail has been paid for Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer , lawyer Masoud Shafiee said , but he needs the signatures of two judges to prove it . He went to a judge 's office Sunday , when he was in court on a separate case , to see if he could get the second signature , but was told that the judge is on vacation until Tuesday and that Shafiee will have to return then , the lawyer said . Separately , a delegation of American Muslim and Christian leaders asked Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to release the hikers , his office said Sunday . The four leaders who met with him in Tehran included Nihad Awad , the executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations , a photo of the meeting showed . The head of the human rights department of the Iranian judiciary , Mohammad Javad Larijani , linked the case of Fattal and Bauer to America 's treatment of detainees . "  If the U.S. is so sensitive about two of its spies and tries to free them , it should look at the way it treats other nationalities , " he said in an interview Sunday with the semi-official Fars news agency . Fattal and Bauer have been held as spies for more than two years , after they apparently crossed an unmarked border between Iran and Iraq in July 2009 . The two men and a third hiker , Sarah Shourd , were seized while hiking in the Kurdish region of northern Iraq . Iranian authorities arrested them , claiming they were spies and had entered the country illegally . Shourd , who is Bauer 's fiancee , was released last year for medical reasons , although authorities said her case remains open . Fattal and Bauer were convicted last month of spying and entering Iran illegally , and each was sentenced to eight years in prison . Ahmadinejad recently said they could be freed , raising hopes that have been dashed and raised again several times since then . He said in an interview with NBC 's "  Today " show that they will be released on humanitarian grounds "  in a couple of days . " But the judiciary shot back that only it could make decisions about their release . Shafiee then announced that all the paperwork had been filed for them to be freed on bail , but their release was delayed . He said he was "  very hopeful " they would be released on Saturday , but the process is being held up by the lack of a judge 's signature . Shafiee said he would not know for sure the amount of the bail or who paid it until he sees the signed document . Earlier reports put it at $ 500,000 for each American . An Omani official flew to Iran on Wednesday to help work on any negotiation , a Western diplomat told CNN at the time . Oman helped secure the release of Shourd , posting her bail last September , a senior Obama administration official said at the time . Ahmadinejad is slated to travel to New York for the U.N. General Assembly on Monday , the semi-official Mehr News Agency reported . He is expected to give a speech and meet with several other presidents and Iranians living in the United States . But his visit is not linked to moves to release the Americans , said Larijani of the Iranian judiciary . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	NEW : An Iranian official links the hikers ' case to U.S. treatment of others U.S. Muslim , Christian leaders ask President Ahmadinejad for their release A judge who needs to sign bail paperwork is on vacation , their lawyer says Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer have been held as spies for more than two years
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called on followers to stop shooting and cooperate with Iraqi security forces Sunday , a move Iraq 's government praised as a step toward ending six days of fighting that has left hundreds dead . A Shiite fighter runs toward an Iraqi Army armored vehicle Sunday after clashes near a TV station in Basra . "  We announce our disavowal from anyone who carries weapons and targets government institutions , charities and political party offices , " al-Sadr said in a nine-point statement issued by his headquarters in Najaf . The statement was accompanied by demands that the Iraqi government issue a general amnesty to his followers and release any being held . The statement was distributed across Iraq and posted on the Internet . The move was welcomed by Iraq 's government , whose forces have been fighting al-Sadr 's militia , the Mehdi Army , in six days of clashes with so-called "  outlaws " who had taken control of much of the southern city of Basra . U.S. and coalition troops have been supporting the Iraqi offensive . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who had vowed not to leave Basra until his government reclaimed control of the city , called al-Sadr 's statement a "  step in the right direction " and said he hoped it would help to stabilize the region . "  We renew our assurance that the process of enforcement -LSB- of -RSB- the law in Basra does not target any political or religious group , including the Sadr movement , " al-Maliki said in a prepared statement . Witnesses reported continued clashes throughout the day in Basra even after Sunday 's announcements . But Iraqi authorities said after al-Sadr 's announcement they would lift an indefinite curfew that had been imposed on Baghdad since Thursday . Watch how the cease-fire affects Shiite vs. Shiite fights " The curfew is scheduled to be lifted 6 a.m. Monday  11 p.m. Sunday ET  , said Gen. Qassim Atta , an Iraqi military spokesman . But a vehicle ban will stay in place in three Shiite militia strongholds -- neighborhoods in the capital , including Sadr City , Kadhimiya and Shulaa , Atta said . A curfew that was imposed on Basra was lifted Saturday . Al-Sadr 's statement came after what an aide described as direct talks between al-Sadr 's representatives and the Iraqi government in Najaf that started Saturday night . Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh denied there were talks with al-Sadr 's representatives , directly or indirectly . But speaking on Iraqi state TV , al-Dabbagh said "  A large number of people will listen to Muqtada al-Sadr 's call . " "  Life will return to all of Iraq as before , " he said . "  The statement is positive and responsive ; we as the government of Iraq believe this effort will be in the common interest and help the security efforts that the government is working to achieve . " Death tolls are difficult to obtain , but reports from Iraqi and coalition authorities suggest more than 400 people have died since fighting began Tuesday . The fighting has been heaviest in Basra , Iraq 's second-largest city and major oil port , and a U.S. military analysis of the battle indicated the government push was not going as well as American officials had hoped , several U.S. officials said Friday . In Washington , CIA Director Michael Hayden told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " Sunday that about 70 percent of Basra was under the control of "  criminal elements " when the assault was launched . Though the increase in violence was disappointing , he said , the government assault "  was something that we all knew we had to go through . " "  This was inevitable . This had to be resolved . You just ca n't have the second major city in the country -- economically , the most important city in the country -- beyond the control of the government , " Hayden said . Top U.S. officials , including President Bush , have praised al-Maliki 's operation as a sign of a strengthening Iraqi government . But Hayden and Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said the Iraqis did not consult them before launching their offensive . "  We 'll see how well the Iraqi army fought . We 'll see how well it was planned and executed . And we may find that the Iraqi army did not do a very good job of planning and executing this effort , " Graham , a Senate colleague and close ally of Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain , told "  Fox News Sunday . " Graham said the militia fighters that Iraqi troops are battling are backed by Iran , which he said was "  killing Americans " by arming the militias . But Rhode Island Sen. Jack Reed said Iran has close ties to all of Iraq 's Shiite factions , including al-Maliki 's Dawa party and the country 's largest Shiite religious party , the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq . "  The notion that this is a fight by American allies against Iranian-inspired elements is not accurate , " said Reed , a leading Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee . Al-Sadr 's political movement holds 30 seats in Iraq 's 275-member parliament and was once a partner in al-Maliki 's ruling coalition . The party quit the government in 2007 after al-Maliki refused to demand a deadline for the withdrawal of U.S. troops . The cleric 's supporters have linked the government offensive to provincial elections slated to take place October 1 . Nassar al-Rubaie , an official in al-Sadr 's political movement , said the army and police were being used "  for political reasons . " A high-ranking Iraqi security official said at least 200 people have been killed and 500 wounded in Basra battles since Tuesday . More than 100 had been killed in Baghdad as of Sunday , with another 100-plus killed in clashes in other cities in southern Iraq , Iraqi authorities reported . U.S. and British forces have supported Iraqi troops with airstrikes and shelling in Basra , as well as reconnaissance and intelligence , coalition military officials have said . U.S. troops have also conducted raids and engaged in gun battles with militia fighters alongside Iraqi troops . U.S. airstrikes killed at least 15 people in Baghdad neighborhoods known to be Mehdi Army strongholds Sunday morning , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . And Baghdad 's International Zone -- where many Iraqi government buildings and embassies are located -- was targeted again Sunday by rockets or mortars , but no injuries or damage was immediately reported , a U.S. Embassy official said . Also on Sunday , roadside bombings in northern and western Iraq killed two U.S. troops , while attacks on Iraqi police and others left another 19 dead , Iraqi police and U.S. military officials reported . One roadside bombing killed a U.S. soldier north of Baghdad , while a Marine died in another bombing in the western province of Anbar , the U.S. military headquarters there reported . No details of the attacks were released . The latest attacks bring the U.S. death toll in the 5-year-old war to 4,009 . Other developments • In northern Iraq , five Iraqi police officers were killed and two bystanders were wounded when gunmen attacked a police patrol in the town of Dhuluiyah Sunday , Samarra police said . • The U.S. military said Sunday it found a mass grave with 14 bodies near Muqdadiya . The bodies , which showed signs of torture , appeared to have been in the grave for two to six months . They were found 100 yards from where 37 bodies were found buried Thursday , the military said . • Ten people were killed Sunday when a suicide car bomb struck a checkpoint manned by members of the Awakening Council , Baiji police said . Four members of the council were among the dead . Awakening Councils are largely Sunni security groups that have been recruited by the U.S. military . • Also in Baiji , a child was killed and seven civilians were wounded when a mortar landed in a residential area Saturday afternoon , Baiji police said Sunday . • In Samarra , gunmen stormed the home of an Awakening Council member , killing him and his son . His wife and daughter were wounded in the Saturday morning attack , Samarra police said Sunday . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	NEW : Baghdad curfew to be lifted 6 a.m. Monday local time  11 p.m. Sunday ET NEW : Muqtada Al-Sadr orders cooperation with Iraqi security forces Al-Sadr demands amnesty for followers , release for those captured Nine-point statement followed U.S. airstrikes in Baghdad that left 15 people dead
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama began his second term with a "  keeping it real " moment courtesy of youngest daughter Sasha . "  You did n't mess up , " she told the president after the oath was administered by Chief Justice John Roberts in the White House Blue Room . It all went off without a hitch compared to four years ago when a redo was required after flubs during the swearing-in ceremony at the Capitol raised doubts about its legitimacy . With a sense of relief on Sunday the president declared , "  I did it . " Obama 's address : Full text But over the next several months , those words will be much more difficult as the president pushes Congress to embrace his priorities , from gun control to immigration reform to raising the debt ceiling . "  We 've had a pendulum of instability , arguing , fighting , " said CNN contributor and Republican strategist Ana Navarro . Compromise was Washington 's needle in a haystack , discovered often in the 11th hour . But now there 's a tinge of optimism as the president gets to work in his second and final term . "  I think we 'll see it  pendulum  come back to the middle sooner rather than later , " Navarro said . A tale of two terms : Obama 's unfinished business and battles ahead Gun control The first big test is shaping up to be an issue that never came up on the campaign trail and was n't even on Washington 's radar . Gun violence came into sharp focus after the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings that took the lives of 20 children and six adults . It sparked a heated debate and led to new measures the president plans to put in place through executive action or with congressional approval . Steps quickly assembled aimed at curbing gun violence , such as universal background checks and a ban on high-capacity magazine clips of more than 10 rounds . Four other priorities for Obama 's next four years "  It 's common sense " said Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , who has been pushing for stricter gun laws . ` It makes sense . It 's not a radical notion . " But the National Rifle Association and other gun groups are ready for a fight , swinging with searing TV ads and a public rebuke of the administration 's efforts . While polls indicate the majority of American 's support the president 's efforts , some political observers have doubts about Washington 's ability to produce any meaningful change . "  No one Democrat or Republican wants to deal with that issue . It 's not popular , " said CNN contributor and conservative activist Erick Erickson . "  They want to just do something for the sake of symbolism . " Obama in select company Debt ceiling The new term will also feature some old fights . The debt ceiling round two was shaping up to be another fierce fiscal showdown . House Republicans had insisted on spending cuts in exchange for raising the debt ceiling . President Obama warned he was not going to negotiate . With the prospect of a default and the Treasury Department taking steps to bridge the gap , Congressional Republicans backed off a bit , with plans to vote next week on a three-month deal to extend the debt ceiling . It 's not a long-term solution , but it takes some air out of a contentious battle the president would have faced immediately . "  I understand the games the Republicans are playing , but the game the American people want them to play is play fair , " said Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Donna Brazile , who argued the rich should pay their fair share and struggling Americans should not be "  disproportionately hurt " by deep cuts . Gergen : Obama 2.0 -- tougher , wiser ? Immigration reform One large and important constituency will be watching the president 's second term closely . They care about gun violence and fiscal matters but want to see quick action on immigration reform . Hispanics , who voted overwhelming for Obama , 71 % -27 % over Republican challenger Mitt Romney , had hoped for more progress in the president 's first term . Amid record deportations , USA Today columnist Raul Reyes says there was a lot of anxiety in the Latino community . "  It really seemed like he had forgotten about his promise on immigration . " Biden on Obama at start of second term : ` In simpatico ' The White House points to steps the president did take , like an executive order to stop deporting some young illegal immigrants who entered the country as children . That was n't enough and the president admitted as much in his post-election news conference when he vowed again to deliver on his promise . "  I 'm very confident that we can get immigration reform done , " the president said as he drew an outline of what that would look like : Stronger border security , penalties for companies hiring undocumented workers and a pathway to legal status for otherwise law-abiding illegal immigrants . Some key Republicans have signaled a willingness to tackle this issue . "  I found a commitment among many of the important Republicans , the leadership , many of the rank-and-file , who want something on immigration , Navarro said . "  There have been a lot of things happening behind the scenes . " Photos : Obama 's face all over the place Other key issues The spotlight shines less brightly on environmental concerns , climate change and energy policies , but activists and others are working to keep these issues from being ignored in the second term . In his inaugural address the president is not expected to detail policy initiatives . Top advisers say he will touch on broad themes and put meat on the bones during his State of the Union address next month . The president will work to define his legacy in the second term and plans to aggressively engage the public to put pressure on Congress . His campaign grassroots organization is back in action as a nonprofit group to further his objectives . "  We 'll all work to help transform Washington from the outside " Jon Carson , the new executive director of Organizing for Action , wrote to supporters in an email . But reality lurks in the wings as many Republicans are still skeptical . "  The president seems so fixated on demonizing Republicans that he is blinded to the opportunities as well as the obligations that he has to deal with big problems in this country , " said Sen. John Barrasso , R-Wyoming , on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Obama 's inauguration : In the crowd	After four years of partisan fighting and instability , will pendulum swing to the middle ? Obama had full agenda before school shootings inserted gun control onto plate Fiscal issues will be early test whether optimism of second term persists Activists hope environmental issues and energy policies are n't pushed aside
Accra , March 6 1957 . Tens of thousands of rejoicing people flood the streets of the city center . Shouts of "  freedom , freedom " fill the air as men , women and children sing and dance , celebrating the birth of a new state and the beginning of a new era : an independent Ghana . At midnight on that historic day , Britain 's Union Jack was taken down above Parliament House in the capital , replaced by Ghana 's new flag -- a black star at the heart of a red , gold and green tricolor . At that moment , to the cheering of an ecstatic crowd , Ghana became the first African country south of the Sahara to break the chains of colonialism . The event triggered a liberation movement that was destined to sweep the entire continent and eventually lead to the demise of colonial rule in Africa . In the years since independence Ghana has navigated tumultuous periods of army rule and political uncertainty . However the West African country is hailed as one of the continent 's success stories -- the international community has often lauded Ghana as a beacon of peace and stability while U.S. president Barack Obama called it a "  model for democracy " in Africa . Rich history Located on the coast of the Gulf of Guinea , Ghana is a country of more than 25 million people , known for its rich history , cultural heritage and natural beauty . The country is often described as "  Africa for beginners , " combining long stretches of sandy beaches , lush tropical forests and diverse wildlife . The country takes its name from a great ancient kingdom , situated some 500 miles northwest of the modern-day state , which flourished until the 13th century . Ghana was formerly known as the Gold Coast because of the abundance of the precious metal found there . The first contact with Europeans began in the late 15th century with the arrival of Portuguese sailors and the establishment of direct commercial sea routes with Europe -- mainly as a supplier of gold . Over the following centuries , traders from Britain , the Netherlands and other Europeans countries also joined in , as the focus shifted to the lucrative export of slaves amid a growing demand for labor in the American and Caribbean plantations . During that period , several stone forts and castles were erected along the coast , many of which dot Ghana 's shores to this day . Slave forts like Elmina and Cape Coast have become significant historical monuments that attract many visitors , especially people of African descent from the United States By the latter decades of the 19th century , the British and the Dutch were the only European traders still operating on the coast , while the union of the Ashanti states , centered in the city of Kumasi , became increasingly dominant . In 1874 , two years after the final withdrawal of the Dutch and following several hard-fought battles with the Ashanti , the Gold Coast was declared a British colony . Rocky road After gaining its independence from the UK , Ghana was proclaimed a republic in 1960 . One of the first civil engineering projects of the new nation was the Akosombo Dam completed in 1965 . It created Lake Volta , one of the world 's largest man-made lakes and brought electricity to millions . To this day hydroelectricity accounts for around 85 % of the country 's electricity generation , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . However in the years that followed independence , the newborn state was hit by severe economic and political troubles . Independence leader Kwame Nkrumah became known as the founding father of Pan-Africanism -- an ideology of African solidarity that spread across the continent and the wider world . He led the country as president until he was toppled by a military coup in 1966 amid growing dissatisfaction over corruption , declining living standards and spiraling foreign debts . Although a general election was successfully held in 1969 , Ghana was soon to enter a new period of political uncertainty and economic stagnation that lasted for more than a decade . A series of coups and countercoups began in 1972 and continued until the early 1980s when a former air force second lieutenant called Jerry Rawlings solidified power . Gradually , economic and political conditions in the country improved and Rawlings went on to win two presidential elections in 1992 and 1996 . He was replaced by John Kufuor in 2001 , in what was the first peaceful transfer of power between democratically elected governments since 1957 . John Atta Mills won the 2008 elections and remained president until his death in June 2012 . He was immediately replaced by John Dramani Mahama , formerly Ghana 's vice president , who was sworn in as the country 's new president -- a position he holds to this day after winning the elections on December 7 , 2012 . Gold , cocoa and oil Despite its relatively small size , Ghana is today one of Africa 's leading countries and one of the few in the continent expected to meet the Millennium Development Goal of halving the poverty rate by 2015 . It has one of the fastest growing economies in the continent , driven largely by its rich natural resources and strong agricultural production . Gold and cocoa are both traditionally major sources of foreign currency for the country , while in 2007 economic expectations were raised higher following the discovery of major offshore oil reserves .	Ghana gained independence from Great Britain in March 1957 ; formerly named Gold Coast Nation 's first few decades were witness to internal political upheaval Now the country is held up as a successful example of democracy in Africa Gold and cocoa are traditional exports ; 2007 off-shore oil discovery could boost economy
CNN  -- It 's no coincidence that Ai Weiwei 's latest exhibition is located in Alcatraz , a former jail that sits on an isolated island off the San Francisco coast . The Chinese artist and activist explores themes of imprisonment , featuring prisoners of conscience from around the world . It 's also familiar territory for Ai , who was detained by Chinese authorities for 81 days in 2011 and still can not travel out of China . Visitors to Ai 's exhibit , called @Large , can sit in a drab , 8x5 feet concrete cell and listen to the works of dissidents , such as anti-Apartheid singers and anti-Soviet musicians whose poems or songs landed them in prison . Among them is Lolo , a Tibetan singer whose song implores the children of Tibet to "  raise the Tibetan flag . " Lolo is serving a six-year prison sentence for calling for independence -- a direct challenge to China 's rule . In another installation , the image of Liu Xiaobo , the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize winner , fashioned out of black , grey , blue and white Lego peers out at visitors . Liu , who called for the end of China 's single-party rule , is serving an 11-year prison sentence . Tiananmen and ` June Fourth ' in the body of Liu Xiaobo The theme of confinement and suppression runs throughout the former U.S. federal penitentiary . Although Alcatraz is better known for holding feared inmates like U.S. gangster Al Capone , the prison also held Native Americans who balked at mandatory U.S. assimilation policies and conscientious objectors , who refused to serve in the military on political or religious grounds . Photos : A Chinese dragon in Alcatraz Ai does n't back off critiquing the United States , by crediting Edward Snowden and Chelsea Manning among the 176 people around the world who have been imprisoned or exiled because of their beliefs or affiliations . He pays tribute to them by forming their faces out of 1.2 million Lego pieces . Contemporary artistic dissent Through his art , Ai declares : "  Every one of us is a potential convict . " When Ai 's exhibit on Alcatraz officially opened in late September , it coincided with mass pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong . During that weekend , police in Hong Kong arrested about 70 student protesters , including several of its young leaders , in the mass call for democracy . That protest , fueled by youngsters , is now continuing into its fourth week in Hong Kong . It 's important that the work can appeal to the next generation , says Cheryl Haines , the curator of the @Large exhibit . Some of the artworks are interactive , encouraging viewers to walk , view more closely or even get involved -- especially in one installation where they can write postcards to imprisoned dissidents . "  It invigorates the viewers to interact with the work , " said Haines , the executive director of FOR-SITE , a foundation which organized the exhibit . They also brought wifi to Alcatraz for the first time so visitors could send Instagrams and Tweets from the island . "  It 's keeping with the artist 's desire to activate the next generation 's conversation , " Haines said . In a sense , it already has . Protest art has proliferated on the streets of Hong Kong , whether it 's calling for democracy or lampooning its chief executive through postcards , paintings and pop-up installations . Symbols of democracy and free speech plaster the walls , highway barriers , bridges and stairways . Umbrellas , which symbolize the Hong Kong protests , dot the roads . Slogans are painted on posters hanging from prominent bridges -- suggesting the political power of art . Inside a prison cell As Ai is still unable to leave China , he and his team constructed the pieces in their studio . He then sent three teams to the United States to erect the seven art installations inside Alcatraz 's dining room , labor building , the psychiatric observation cells , hopsital and inside the cell block . Perhaps the most haunting of exhibits is "  Stay Tuned , " where the voice of dissent singing or reciting a poem or speech booms inside the small , isolated prison cells . Housed inside Alcatraz Cellblock A , there 's a haunting chill within the concrete mass . Each prison cell behind chipped white steel bars contains just a solitary stool and a stained white sink . Some of the cells in Block A were used for solitary confinement . Visitors can walk inside each of the 12 cells , which represent the imprisonment of dissidents like Russia 's Pussy Riot , Martin Luther King Jr. , and the Robben Island Singers , who were anti-Apartheid singers . They can sit inside the barren concrete cell and listen to their voices . One visit Eileen Kurahashi , sat inside each of them , closing her eyes shut . "  It 's a powerful access to something so tragic and breathtaking , " she said . The voice of dissident plays in a loop -- but the sound remains confined into a prison reminding visitors of the cost of free expression .	Chinese artist Ai Weiwei opens installation on Alcatraz island Exhibit 's theme explores themes of imprisonment , dissent It also aims to raise awareness about prisoners of conscience Along with notorious criminals , Alcatraz also imprisoned conscientious objectors and Native Americans
No food . No water . And as they pass the hours in the scorching summer heat , no escape for 40,000 desperate people hiding in the mountains of northwestern Iraq from the killers surrounding them on the ground below . When fighters from ISIS , which refers to itself as the Islamic State , stormed Sinjar over the weekend , the Yazidi minority who call the area home fled into the nearby mountains in fear of their lives . Some of them did n't make it . "  We heard sounds of mortars and in the morning they  Islamic militants  entered Sinjar , " Zahra Jardo , a Yazidi woman who escaped the violence , told Reuters . "  So we fled to the mountains , and those who stayed there are now suffering from thirst . They have no water . They also took girls and raped them . They said that Yazidis have to be converted to Islam . " The Yazidis , descendants of Kurds who follow an ancient pre-Islamic religion , have only bad options : continue to hide in the Sinjar Mountains and die of thirst , or come down from the mountains and be massacred by the radical Sunni militants who are forcing Islam or death on the communities they overtake as they sweep across Syria and Iraq . Map : Where is ISIS ? Dozens of children have already died from dehydration . Women have been taken as slaves , and hundreds of men have been slaughtered . Now many observers fear full-blown genocide if the Yazidis ' pleas for help are n't answered soon . Opinion : What chance to Yazidis have against group too brutal for al Qaeda ? The only Iraqi lawmaker who represents the Yazidis broke down this week as she described the plight of her people in an Iraqi parliamentary session . "  There is a collective attempt to exterminate the Yazidi people . ... Let 's put our political differences aside and work together as human beings , " Vian Dakhil pleaded to her colleagues through tears . "  In the name of humanity , come to our rescue , come to our rescue . " But that rescue is nowhere in sight , at least for now . Kurdish fighters , known as Peshmerga , are battling to retake the town of Sinjar from ISIS , but they 're being stretched almost to the breaking point by a second ISIS offensive to the east that has driven 200,000 Iraqis from their homes in a mere 48 hours . They fled in anything with wheels , thousands of trucks and cars tearing through the northern Iraqi desert toward the gates of the Kurdish capital of Irbil . The city has been a refuge of safety during the decade-long war that has ripped the country apart . Now that ISIS militants have captured Kurdish towns just 35 miles away , no one is sure how long things will stay that way . Iraqi Yazidi lawmaker : ` Hundreds of my people are being slaughtered ' Everyone arriving in Irbil told the same story . Peshmerga soldiers -- badly outgunned by ISIS fighters equipped with American weapons and armored vehicles stolen from Iraq 's army -- withdrew from their towns and villages amid the onslaught , and families had just minutes to pack and leave their homes . "  I 'm too scared , " a visibly shaken 22-year-old university student named Andros told CNN 's Ivan Watson in Irbil . "  There were a f**king thousand cars , and my father drove a car for six hours -- three hours in the dust and three hours on the road . When we were in the dust , we could n't see anything , just cars running away . We did n't know where we were going . "  Those people are not people , they 're monsters . They 're not even monsters ; monsters are better . I do n't think we can ever go home . It 's finished . " Andros and his family are now sleeping in what amounts to a construction site on the outskirts of Irbil . Children mill around their grim new residence , and clotheslines ring the gray , concrete columns inside the unfinished building where hundreds of displaced Iraqi Christians have taken shelter . Opinion : ISIS : Stop it from committing genocide Across the street from the unfinished building , refugees pack St. Joseph 's Church . Mothers comfort young children as elderly women curl up on the floor and in the chapel 's pews . Outside , people look for pockets of shade to protect them from the 100-degree heat . An estimated 100,000 Christians have poured into Irbil in two days . The Christians whom CNN 's Watson spoke to say they are ready to leave Iraq for good . There 's no future for them here , they said , and they do n't think they 'll ever be able to go home again . "  They took our homes , our money , everything , " Andros said . Local officials are trying to make sure everyone has food and water , but they 're overwhelmed on all fronts . The United States and Britain have pledged additional humanitarian support , and the United Nations said it was preparing a humanitarian corridor to allow Iraqis to flee the chaos in the north . The Kurdish leadership had promised an alarmed public that the Peshmerga would be able to protect Irbil from the militants nearing the city 's gates , while at the same time begging the United States to intervene militarily against ISIS . On Friday , with extremist Sunni fighters less than an hour 's drive from Irbil , the Kurds got their wish : U.S. fighter jets pounded ISIS artillery positions outside Irbil . Will anyone stop ISIS ? U.S. conducts airstrikes on ISIS militants in Iraq ISIS overtakes Iraq 's largest Christian city	About 40,000 Yazidis are hiding in the mountains of northwest Iraq The Yazidis fled after ISIS fighters stormed the area they call home in Iraq "  I do n't think we can ever go home , " one survivor tells CNN 's Ivan Watson An estimated 100,000 Christians have fled to Irbil in recent days
CNN  -- About a year after losing his dad in a plane crash , Matt Snoddy climbed into the cockpit for an emotional flight . His kids Charlie , age 5 and Alice , 3 , were tucked in the back of the tiny Cessna and his flight instructor was seated alongside . Snoddy pulled back on the stick and they were airborne . The Lexington , Kentucky , landscape spread out below them as the plane gained altitude . Snoddy could n't help but gaze down at Blue Grass Airport , where Comair Flight 191 crashed during takeoff , killing his father , Tim Snoddy , and 48 others . A government investigation blamed the crash on Flight 191 's pilots , who attempted takeoff from a wrong runway . The FAA administrator at the time said disasters like Flight 191 might be avoided under NextGen , the nation 's sweeping air traffic overhaul set to roll out by 2025 . Memories of the crash had kept Snoddy -- a longtime private pilot -- out of the cockpit until his wife offered the flight as a gift for Father 's Day . "  She wanted me to take the kids up and to see if I wanted to keep flying . " Snoddy and his father shared a love for flying -- Matt Snoddy as a pilot and his dad as a passenger . Tim Snoddy enjoyed flying so much he 'd been talking about getting his pilots ' license , too . Tim Snoddy , a 51-year-old accountant and consultant for legal cases , was a frequent business traveler who left his Lexington home many times a year to spend a total of six months away at his offices in Asheville , North Carolina , and near Fort Lauderdale , Florida . Matt Snoddy , an IT consultant , had set up shop with his dad in the same Lexington building , where their father-son relationship strengthened . Everything changed on the dreary Sunday morning of August 27 , 2006 . Matt Snoddy was home with his wife and kids when a friend called . "  She said , ` Matt your dad was on that airplane . ' I said , ` What airplane ? ' and she goes , ` Turn on the news , ' and sure enough there was the crash . " Matt 's first thought was : "  There 's no way he was on that plane . Why would he be flying out on a Sunday ? " But the friend who called knew his father had changed his departure date . "  So I immediately called my dad 's cell and it went straight to voice mail and I left a message saying , ` Dad , just give me a call . I 'm just checking on you . ' " Snoddy was n't sure if he really wanted to get back in the cockpit so soon after the crash , but he found himself doing so -- creating a kind of emotional test to gauge his loss and how it had transformed him . It was likely he might choose never to fly again . And that feeling became stronger during the flight . He realized his love of flying , which he 'd cherished since his teens , had suddenly disappeared . "  Something was different and I just did n't feel comfortable doing it anymore , " Snoddy said . "  The flight was my way of saying , ` OK that 's it , farewell . We 've had some good times but now it 's time to move on . ' " If planes are outfitted with cockpit displays pinpointing their locations on airport surface maps , crashes like Comair 191 might be prevented , then-FAA Administrator Marion Blakey told Louisville 's Business First newspaper . A map display could have alerted crew members they were on the wrong runway , say experts . With NextGen technology , the lone controller on duty that morning also might have had access to a similar map display , which experts say also may have helped avert the crash . Experts throughout the industry agree the United States enjoys the world 's safest air traffic system , with no deaths from commercial airline crashes last year . But NextGen aims to head off future safety concerns from gridlock expected as the skies and airports become more crowded . As many as 6,000 aircraft are in the skies during peak traffic times , according to the FAA . But get ready for that number to increase . The number of annual U.S. air passengers is projected to pass 1 billion by 2021 . Radar -- the technology that currently tracks all flights -- dates back to the early 20th century . It 's less accurate than GPS , its data is delayed by about 10 seconds and pilots ca n't use it to see their positions on a cockpit display . NextGen 's GPS-based technology promises to increase safety by allowing pilots to see their locations and locations of surrounding aircraft via a cockpit display in real time . How NextGen affects travelers This visual aide vastly improves what pilots call situation awareness , a mental picture of where their aircraft is in relation to its surroundings . Any kind of technology that provides pilots with more information is a good thing , said Snoddy , who believes better situation awareness in the cockpit might have saved his father 's life . A GPS-based tracking technology called ADS-B  automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast  is already used to some extent by UPS , Southwest Airlines , and soon , JetBlue . By 2020 , the FAA will require all U.S. aircraft to broadcast their positions using ADS-B . More about ADS-B In smaller general aviation aircraft , ADS-B has proved its value for Marisha Falk . The pilot instructor at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach , Florida , credits ADS-B with saving her life and the life of her co-pilot in 2007 . During a cross-country air race over Kentucky , another plane was bearing down from behind and above Falk 's aircraft -- a blind spot where eyesight alone would have left her unaware . The approaching plane triggered a warning from the ADS-B -- and Falk took action . "  If we would n't have sidestepped to the right , they would have just landed right on top of our airplane , " she said . National security Big questions remain unanswered surrounding NextGen and the security of the nation 's airspace . On 9/11 , terrorist hijackers shut off radar transponders aboard their hijacked airliners , making it hard to identify and track them en route to their targets . Without transponders , planes are visible on radar screens , but impossible to ID . Would hijackers be able to do the same thing with ADS-B ? It 's unclear how vulnerable the ADS-B system would be to hackers , terrorists and other attackers compared with the nation 's current radar-based tracking . In a 9/11 scenario , if both a plane 's ADS-B and its radar transponder are shut off , experts say the plane would be harder to track but still visible on radar , which would be available as an ADS-B backup . The FAA refused to discuss details about ADS-B and security issues , but a spokesman said protections are part of the program and are being developed . "  That 's the reality of today 's environment , that we have to take all these things into account , which we are , " said FAA spokesman Paul Takemoto . For example , testing is under way in the Southwest on ways to prevent hackers from "  spoofing , " which involves intentionally interfering with ADS-B signals to create false targets on ADS-B displays . The FAA plans to decommission some radar stations as it relies more on ADS-B . By 2020 , will there still be enough radar stations to protect U.S. airspace ? In February , the Department of Transportation inspector general warned about potential gaps in the system . Top U.S. security authorities , Homeland Security and the Department of Defense , have n't yet agreed with the FAA on how to jointly monitor so-called "  noncooperative " aircraft , in other words aircraft possibly piloted by terrorists that are n't transmitting flight information . "  Without closer coordination and agreement about surveillance requirements , there is potential for duplicative efforts and gaps in airspace coverage , " DOT Inspector General Calvin Scovel told a House panel . The situation is enough to prompt concern among members of the powerful Senate Commerce Science and Transportation Committee , which has a big say in NextGen funding . As the fifth anniversary of the Lexington crash approaches , Matt Snoddy does n't miss being in the cockpit as much as he thought he would . He 's still healing from the disaster 's emotional scars , and he still prefers to drive -- if possible -- rather than fly commercial . "  It 's difficult for some people to give up that control , " Snoddy said , "  especially when they 've been through something like I 've been through -- and the rest of my family and the families of the 48 other people on the plane . " He 'll mark the fifth anniversary of the crash in a ceremony at the University of Kentucky arboretum , where he will help unveil a 25-foot memorial statue depicting 49 silver birds forever suspended in flight . Years ago Snoddy said farewell to piloting an aircraft ever again , but lately he does n't rule it out -- someday . "  Maybe , " he said . "  Not right now . It 's just going to take time . " This is the final report of a three-part series surrounding the FAA 's "  NextGen " overhaul of the U.S. air traffic system . Previous parts discussed NextGen technology and how the program will affect consumers . CNN 's Steve Kastenbaum , Sean O'Key and Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	NextGen U.S. air traffic overhaul aims to improve safety with new technology FAA is switching from radar tracking to more accurate GPS tracking Steps being taken to protect GPS-based tracking from "  spoofing " hackers DOT warns about security gaps unless authorities coordinate on tracking coverage
Washington  CNN  -- A bipartisan group of senators on Monday introduced a plan for overhauling U.S. immigration policy a day before President Barack Obama was to lay out his plan . The eight senators say their plan will secure the border and provide a path to citizenship some undocumented immigrants already in the country . Critics say the citizenship component is granting amnesty for those who entered the country illegally . Immigration plan : A new era of bipartisanship or a political necessity ? Here are some frequently asked questions on immigration reform : Q : What 's behind this latest immigration reform plan ? A : The new push for immigration reform follows devastating poll results for Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney , who in November won just 27 % of the Latino vote . That 's down from 44 % for President George W. Bush in 2004 and 31 % for Sen. John McCain four years ago . The dramatic slide jolted key Republicans to act quickly on the complex and emotional issue that has divided the parties for years . Republicans long have argued that Latino voters , many of whom are Catholic and pro-life , would find a home in the GOP if not for the harsh rhetoric some Republicans use to debate illegal immigration . Democrats also are under pressure to reach a deal . Many Latino voters were disappointed that President Barack Obama did n't work harder in his first term to pass a bill . Immediately after his election , Latino leaders pushed the president to make sure it would be a priority for his second term . As a signal of how important the issue is for Senate Democrats , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid announced last week an immigration reform bill would be labeled S-1 , meaning it 's Senate bill No. 1 of the new Congress -- and clearly a top priority . Why this time ? Q : Why did the senators announce their plan the day before Obama was to present his ? A : The senators decided to unveil their plan ahead of the president in order to give their proposal -- and the entire reform effort -- a bipartisan tone , something they believe is critical to winning passage in the Senate and House , according to sources familiar with the bipartisan Senate framework . In fact , at a private White House meeting Friday , some senior Democratic members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus pushed the White House to hold off introducing its own legislative language out of fear that the specifics , as spelled out by a Democratic president , could upset the delicate bipartisan balance the negotiators had reached . Why the time may be right Q : Will there be enough support in the House for this plan ? A : It 's unclear because many House conservatives have opposed allowing undocumented workers an opportunity to gain U.S. citizenship . This controversial issue could prove to be a real test for House Speaker John Boehner 's leadership because it splits the House Republican conference . If the Senate is able to pass a bill , the speaker could again be faced with a decision whether to bring up a measure that has significant Democratic support but potentially only a minority within his own ranks . Or Boehner could decide to move a separate House immigration plan . Boehner was noncommittal when the details of the Senate were unveiled . His spokesman put out a brief statement not taking a position , but pointing out Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio , who is popular with conservatives , was part of the group drafting the plan . "  The speaker welcomes the work of leaders like Senator Rubio on this issue , and is looking forward to learning more about the proposal in the coming days , " Boehner spokesman Michael Steel told CNN . There are also bipartisan discussions going on in the House on immigration , but one Democratic aide familiar with the discussions told CNN of that effort , "  It 's not quite ripe yet . " But in a speech last week , Boehner signaled the House would act , saying , "  It 's time to deal with it . I said it the day after the election , I meant it . We 're going to have to deal with it . " Boehner also alluded to the House bipartisan talks , not giving any details , but saying the group was "  in my view the right group of members . " He also added , "  My theory was if these folks can work this out it would be a big step in the right direction . " But already , some House Republicans are dismissing the most controversial piece of the Senate plan to allow a path to citizenship as "  amnesty " illustrating the challenge to get a deal through the House . Texas Republican Rep. Lamar Smith put out a statement on Monday arguing "  by granting amnesty , the Senate proposal actually compounds the problem by encouraging more illegal immigration . " By the numbers : Immigration and naturalization Q : Could any of the Senate plan be a starting point for compromise with the House ? A : Many House Republicans have called for strengthening border security , and insist that issue be the top priority before any steps are taken to grant citizenship to those in the United States illegally . But the bipartisan immigration framework from the Senate ties the two issues together to attract support from both parties . If House Republicans attempt to separate these it could up jeopardize the chance for comprehensive immigration reform . The new Senate framework also includes a component that the GOP-led House already addressed last year -- it awards green cards for those foreigners at U.S. universities studying science , technology , engineering and mathematics , to encourage them to stay and work in the United States . House Republicans passed a bill establishing so-called "  STEM " visas last fall , but it was largely opposed by Democrats because it canceled another visa program .	Push to get immigration reform through Congress shows power of Latino vote in last election Reid says immigration reform bill would be labeled S-1 , the Senate 's first bill in the new Congress Senators announced their bill ahead of Obama to try to convey a bipartisan tone to their effort Outlook in the House is iffy -- some conservatives do n't agree with path to citizenship
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The singer Madonna has settled with Guy Ritchie for $ 75 million , or about # 50 million , as part of their divorce agreement , her representative , Liz Rosenberg , confirmed on Monday to CNN . Madonna and Ritchie in London for the premiere of Ritchie 's film "  Rocknrolla " on September 1 . Film director Ritchie 's spokesman made no immediate comment . The couple was granted a preliminary decree of divorce on November 21 Britain 's High Court in London . The couple have six weeks and a day from that hearing before the divorce becomes final . The two-part divorce is standard in Britain . The window of time allows anyone who objects to the divorce -- or has changed their minds -- to notify the court . The couple married at Scotland 's Skibo Castle eight years ago . They have three children -- Rocco , born to the couple in 2000 ; David , adopted from Malawi ; and Lourdes , Madonna 's daughter from her previous relationship with dancer Carlos Leon . British newspapers reported Friday that Ritchie agreed to take almost none of the singer 's fortune , estimated to be around # 300 million  $ 447 million  .	NEW : Madonna agrees $ 75M settlement with Guy Ritchie , spokeswoman says Couple was granted preliminary divorce decree in November After six weeks and a day the divorce will likely become final The couple are divorcing after eight years of marriage
CNN  -- For nearly 15 years , Dolores Prida was the Latina answer to "  Dear Abby . " The Cuban-born writer penned columns -- as she once put it -- with "  Latin-style tongue-in-cheek advice for the lovelorn , the forlorn and the just torn . " Prida died in New York on Sunday , leaving behind a loyal following of readers . She was 69 . Many knew her popular "  Dolores Dice " column in Latina magazine . But Prida was also an opinion columnist who tackled tougher topics such as gun control and teen pregnancy in New York newspapers and a playwright who won international recognition for her work . The night before she died , she was at a party in New York with Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor and others celebrating the 20th anniversary of a close-knit network of Latina journalists , lawyers and other professionals . Opinion : Latina ` Dear Abby ' brought wit , wisdom , light Prida had no training in writing advice when she took over Latina magazine 's column in 1998 . But her "  wit , humor , tender poet 's heart and commitment to empowering young women " made her a perfect fit for the job , said Sandra Guzman , then the magazine 's editor in chief . "  She delved in with passion and gusto , " Guzman said . And her wry humor quickly made the column a hit . The questions poured in -- hundreds every month , according to the magazine . Should I tell my ex-husband not to bring his new wife to our daughter 's quinceanera ? Should my undocumented immigrant husband and I hold off on buying a house ? Why ca n't Latinos be a strong community rather than lashing out at people from different parts of Latin America ? Readers regularly said "  Dolores Dice was the first feature they turned to , " Damarys Ocana Perez , Latina 's executive editor , said in a tribute to Prida posted on the magazine 's website . "  She said what had to be said , and said it with humor most of the time , " said Maite Junco , a longtime friend of Prida . "  She always had a light touch . She always believed that you 're going to get people with humor more than anything . " Prida was known for her witty responses telling young Latinas to focus on themselves , not boyfriends or looks . Her answers to their questions -- written in English with a bit of Spanish sprinkled in -- made readers laugh , but also pushed them to think . To a woman wondering whether her skinny figure was making her boyfriend lose interest : "  Before you dive into those lardy tamales again , make sure his lack of attention is actually related to your slimmed-down curvas . " To a 17-year-old whose older boyfriend wanted her to stop wearing makeup , plucking her eyebrows and going out with friends : "  Your boyfriend may not want to be seen as robbing the cradle , but it sounds like he wants to rob you of your youth . Why would you want to stay home in a muumuu , sporting pale lips , blushless cheeks and hairy , Frida Kahlo eyebrows while your amigas are out having a ball looking fabulosas ? " To the reader who asked about whether she and her undocumented immigrant husband should buy a home : "  Stop fretting . Maybe you should wait a while to buy your casita . Instead , put your energy into prodding Congress to come up with humane legislation to solve the undocumented workers crisis . " Prida once said she enjoyed working with young Latinas at the magazine . "  Younger Latinas today are more self-assured . They have opportunities we did n't have 30 years ago , " Prida said in an interview with New York 's Repertorio Espanol theater company . "  With the boom of Latino popular culture we 're experiencing , they feel it 's ` cool ' to be a Latina -- and they rejoice in it . As an older Latina , it makes me proud that in my lifetime I can see a magazine of such quality for and by Latinas . " Hiring Prida "  was one of the best decisions of my tenure at the magazine , " Guzman said . "  Dolores touched , healed and inspired many hearts . " Exploring ` how we see ourselves ' But she did n't save all her advice for lovelorn readers . Friends said she was also quick to recommend books and movies , to mentor younger writers and to offer constructive critiques . "  She would take the time to work with people , " Junco said , "  to share what she had learned and what she knew with all types of writers . " Prida was a teenager when she immigrated to the United States from Cuba with her family in 1961 . She began working in the theater in the 1970s and won widespread recognition for her work , including an honorary doctorate from Mount Holyoke College . She wrote more than a dozen plays and musicals , including the critically acclaimed "  Beautiful Senoritas . " They stood out , in the eyes of reviewers , for their sensitive portrayal of the immigrant experience and the humor of balancing two cultures and two languages . Throughout her career , she pushed for more cultural exchanges with Cuba -- a position that was so unpopular with some that there were bomb threats when one of her plays was set to be performed in Miami in 1986 . Being a woman and being bicultural are threads that run through many of her plays , according to Repertorio Espanol 's guide to her work . "  My intention as a writer is to explore , in many different ways , our being here , " Prida told the theatrical company . "  Being from a different culture . Trying to fit in or not fit in . How other people see us , how we see ourselves . " ` An important voice ' The night before her death , Prida excitedly talked about future projects with Sotomayor and other friends at the party . "  As always , she was filled with life and plans for the engaging work she was involved in , " Sotomayor said in a statement after learning of Prida 's death Sunday . "  Dolores was a visionary . As a writer she inspired us to think deeply about our culture . " In 2009 , Prida printed T-shirts emblazoned with the words "  Wise Latina " -- a phrase Sotomayor had used that drew sharp criticism from some lawmakers during her confirmation hearings . For Prida , the description was a point of pride . She gave the T-shirts to Latina leaders and wrote a column about Sotomayor 's success . "  We thank her for the term ` Wise Latina . ' It is going to stay around for a long while , " Prida wrote in the New York Daily News . "  For the first time , Latinas who , for close to a century , have been stereotyped as temperamental hot tamales or inarticulate maids and cooks , have a label they want to hold onto . " New York 's El Diario newspaper , which ran a regular opinion column by Prida , called her "  an important voice for the Hispanic community in the Big Apple . " "  She was ahead of her time in the sense that she 's been making the case for Latinos in the U.S. for a long time . Now it 's sort of in the news , but 20 years ago Dolores was already writing about Latinos , " said Junco , who for years edited columns Prida wrote for the New York Daily News . "  She always made the case that we , the Latinos , were an important part of America today , and that was only going to grow . " Her death was unexpected , and the cause was unclear , Junco said . Prida left Saturday night 's party because she did n't feel well , then called her sister , telling her she had chest pain . According to Junco , as paramedics took her to the hospital , Prida described the night 's festivities . "  I was at a party , " she told them . "  I was dancing of joy . " People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Rose Arce contributed to this report .	Dolores Prida , who penned a popular advice column in Latina magazine , died Sunday Prida was also a playwright and an opinion columnist Friend : "  She said what had to be said and said it with humor most of the time " Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor calls her a "  visionary " who "  inspired us to think deeply "
CNN  -- Maj. Kurt Chew-Een Lee , the first Asian-American U.S. Marine Corps officer , rose through the ranks beginning his career from World War II to the Vietnam War . During the Korean War , he became commander of a machine gun platoon , to the shock of his men who had never before seen a person of Chinese ancestry . Some even questioned his loyalty as U.S. forces were battling Chinese forces , which had joined the conflict on the side of North Koreans . In a November 1950 clash , Lee and his men were outnumbered in a surprise attack by Chinese forces . His actions there and in another clash would earn him a bevy of military honors , including the second highest military decoration , the Navy Cross . Lee , at age 88 , died in Washington , D.C. , believed from what appears to be a heart attack Monday , according to close friend , Jamie Stevenson . Long after his retirement from military service , Lee was always fit and a natty-dresser like a true Marine , Stevenson said . Well into his 80s , he still fit into his uniform from 1953 , she said . Lee was born in Sacramento , California , a son of Chinese immigrants . Eager to fight in World War II , Lee joined the U.S. Marines in 1944 . "  People said that 's the worst branch of the service . They 're the first in , last one out . He was like , ` That 's where I want to be . ' " Stevenson recalled Lee telling her . Instead , he was based at the Marine Corps Recruit Depot in San Diego as a language instructor . When the Korean War started in 1950 , Lee got his chance at the battlefield . He had arrived in Inchon , Korea that September along with UN troops , in an effort to retake the Korean peninsula from Communist forces . By November 1950 , the Chinese army entered the war on the side of the Communists in North Korea . Inside his unit , Lee faced racial slurs like "  Chinese laundry " or "  The Chinaman . " But the source of his discrimination proved to be crucial in saving the lives of his fellow Marines . Lee 's unit came under sudden attack on November 2 , 1950 , his company had their first encounter with the Chinese forces . Heavily outnumbered by the Chinese forces and their firepower , Lee 's unit was stuck until the gunfire stopped . "  It was eerie , " said Lee , describing the battle scene to a Smithsonian Channel 's documentary "  Uncommon Courage : Breakout at Chosin . " "  The Marines did n't know where the enemy was . " Lee struck out solo , trying to provoke enemy fire so his men could determine where the Chinese forces were hiding . He went out alone firing sporadic shots to make it seem like the Marines were advancing . The Chinese began returning fire , exposing their position . When Lee reached the outpost where the Chinese forces were hiding , he employed a ruse no one in his unit could 've done . "  Do n't shoot ! " he yelled . "  I 'm Chinese . " Hearing Chinese confused them and the temporary distraction proved crucial as the Marines launched a counterattack . Looking back on his war experience , Lee told the Washington Post in 2010 , "  Certainly , I was never afraid . Perhaps the Chinese are all fatalists . I never expected to survive the war . So I was adamant that my death be honorable , be spectacular . " He earned a Navy Cross for his actions . "  I have told  Lee  many times , thank God we had him , " said Ronald Burbridge who served as a rifleman in Lee 's unit in the Smithsonian documentary . Although injured , Lee returned to the battlefield . He led a mission to rescue a company of Marines overwhelmed by Chinese forces . On December 1 , Lee guided his Marines in the frigid cold and through rocky hills to rescue them in the battle of the Chosin Reservoir . He was awarded the Silver Star for his action . His citation read that "  he contributed materially to the success of the epic night march of his battalion which resulted in the relief of the isolated Marine unit and the securing of vital ground . " "  His exploits in Korea were numerous . He was very successful in holding open a pass to allow our people to escape from the Chosin Reservoir , which is probably one of the greatest feats of military maneuvering in Korea , " said his friend , Jim Kunkle , 91 , who served in World War II . But he was not a boastful man , friends say . When asked what he was most proud of , Lee did n't talk about breaking down racial barriers or his experience in the Korean War , said Stevenson . "  What he 'd say is , ' I am most proud of being able to train future generations of Marines . ' " Stevenson said . Lee went on to serve in the Vietnam War and received a Purple Heart with gold star . Lee had a sense of humor and always shared his opinion , Stevenson said . Living in Washington , D.C. , he and Stevenson would drive around to various grocery stores searching for his favorite Chinese mooncakes with lotus seed and double yolk -- which he savored . People we 've lost in 2014	Maj. Kurt Chew-Een Lee won several military honors for service in Korean War Lee was son of Chinese immigrants , born in California Lee faced racism in the U.S. military , but led a daring rescue of troops Lee won second-highest military honor , Navy Cross
CNN  -- One look at her photo , and you ca n't help but ask : How could someone so young and vibrant die so quickly from an infection ? Brazilian model Mariana Bridi da Costa died from a sepsis infection . Brazilian model Mariana Bridi da Costa was a healthy 20-year-old when doctors told her she had a urinary tract infection , her family says . The infection spread , and after amputating her feet , doctors thought they had the situation under control , according to a blog run by a family friend . "  She 's alive , -LSB- she -RSB- will survive , " Renato Lindgren wrote on the blog on January 20 , before da Costa also had to have her hands amputated , and part of her stomach and both kidneys extracted . "  She can eat well , visit the sea , swim , travel , talk with her friends and family , marry and have a baby . She has a full and beautiful life ahead . " Four days later , da Costa was dead . Sepsis -- the body 's inflammatory response to an infection -- really can kill that quickly , according to Dr. Kevin Tracey , author of a book about sepsis called "  Fatal Sequence : The Killer Within . " "  This is n't a one in a million case , " says Tracey , chief executive officer of the Feinstein Institute for Medical Research in Manhasset , New York . "  When an infection reaches a certain point , this can happen in a matter of hours . " Sepsis usually starts out as an infection in just one part of the body , such as a skin wound or a urinary tract infection , Tracey says . For example , Muppets creator Jim Henson died in 1990 from a case of sepsis that started out as pneumonia , an inflammation of the lungs . He was 53 . Most of the time , simple , localized infections remain just that : easy to treat and in one part of the body . Why some infections rage out of control and shut down vital organs is a mystery , but experts say it rarely happens in young , healthy people , like da Costa . Watch more on avoiding septicemia " "  You can ask , ` Why her ? ' but really no one knows why her , " Tracey says . "  It might have something to do with her immune system . It might be about her genetics . " The Mayo Clinic sees about 100 cases a year of young , healthy people who develop sepsis , says Dr. Priya Sampathkumar , an infectious disease specialist at Mayo . With treatment , which usually involves antibiotics and sometimes draining of the wound , about 75 percent survive . Sampathkumar says the key is to keep an eye on even such simple infections as a small skin wound . A fever , a dramatic shift in blood pressure , rapid breathing and extreme confusion are all signs that someone needs quick medical help , she says . "  You need to watch it , " she says . Dr. Carl Flatley said he had no idea what to watch for when his 23-year-old daughter , Erin , developed sepsis in 2002 . He says she went into the hospital for a minor hemorrhoid procedure and five days later was dead from sepsis . "  It 's a horrible death , " he says . Two years later , knowing the signs of sepsis saved his own life , says Flatley , a dentist in Dunedin , Florida . He fell ill , and an emergency room doctor said he had a urinary tract infection and sent him home . But Flatley said he suspected it was much more than a UTI . "  I felt very sick . My testicle was sore . I told him I was concerned I had sepsis and I refused to go home . He got very irritated with me , " Flatley says . But in the end , Flatley was admitted to the hospital , where the infection had become so severe that doctors were forced to remove his right testicle . Flatley started The Sepsis Alliance to educate others about sepsis , where he tries to walk a fine line . "  You do n't want to panic people . We all get infections and , thank God , most of them heal , " he says . "  So this is what I tell people : If you 're feeling bad all over and have a high temperature and either high or low blood pressure , those are all indications that your whole system has been infected . It could be sepsis . " He advises getting medical help immediately , and to specifically mention that you 're concerned you might have sepsis . "  You do n't want to take any chances , " he says . CNN 's Jennifer Pifer-Bixler and Sabriya Rice and CNN Español 's Cibele Lorenzoni contributed to this report .	Brazilian model Mariana Bridi da Costa , 20 , died after sepsis infection spread Sepsis starts as infection in one part of body , then rages out of control Fever , big shift in blood pressure , rapid breathing , mental confusion are red flags
Working inside Donetsk presents various challenges as a photojournalist . One of them is working directly with rebel forces defending one of their last bastions against government forces . Each day their defensive perimeter shrinks due to constant shelling . Journalists need to acquire proper accreditation given and approved by the Donetsk People 's Republic . The funeral series of photos is both rare and hard to come by , as the rebels typically do n't give access to the kind of events which show their military losses . If you 're a reporter or anybody from the press you have to apply to get two different ID cards from the rebels . One is more general ; it allows you to go through checkpoints . It 's like an official accreditation . The second one is supposed to allow you to photograph military areas -- although in practice it 's up to the discretion of the local military commander and usually they 're friendly but they 'll say ` no . ' We suspect the document is also a good way to control us and the info we provide to the world , by checking the internet . This accreditation also carries another risk -- if you 're in Ukrainian Army-controlled areas and they see that , they 'll probably arrest you ... because it 's official documentation from the "  Donetsk People 's Republic . " Nonetheless , we have both , so every time we go through checkpoints , the rebels check our car and they ask for our accreditation and we show them these documents and they let us through . In this case , while driving with our fixer on the road we passed a convoy of rebel cars and two armored vehicles each carrying troops and two coffins . We decided to follow it and try our luck . After a mile , a car from the convoy stopped us , pointed its machine gun at us and asked why we were following them . We explained to them that we wanted to follow the funeral . For some reason they agreed . We drove another 20 minutes to a small village on the front lines - you could hear the constant shelling as government forces were nearby . For an hour we photographed the entire ceremony , only to be arrested as it ended under the pretext that the rebel 's faces were shown and some lived nearby . They put us in different cars , drove us to their headquarters in Donetsk , and forced us to delete all the photos . Which we did . But back at the hotel we managed to retrieve all of them . There are unique moments -- it was very personal for them , they were crying . It was quite powerful . See more of Jonathan Alpeyrie 's photos of Donetsk and read about the siege of the city .	Photojournalist Jonathan Alpeyrie has been covering the siege of Donetsk , Ukraine Donetsk is held by pro-Russian rebels but the Ukrainian Army has gradually encircled it Alpeyrie managed to follow a rebel convoy to a funeral for their fallen fighters He and his colleagues were arrested but later released after photographing the scene
CNN  -- The year was 1890 . Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky premiered his Sleeping Beauty ballet in St. Petersburg . Vincent van Gogh ended his life , apparently by shooting himself . And Idaho and Wyoming became the 43rd and 44th states of the United States . 1890 is also the year Carmelo Flores Laura was born , or at least , that 's what his family and the Bolivian government claim . The Bolivian man , who lives in the town of Frasquia , in the arid highlands of Bolivia , showed CNN government documents that seem to confirm he 's 123 years old . The documents include a birth certificate showing his birth date as July 16 , 1890 . There 's also a national identity card with the same birth date . Several media outlets published stories about Flores calling him the oldest man alive . But there appear to be several problems with this claim . For starters , neither the birth certificate nor the national identity card is original . "  We were skeptical from the beginning , " said Stephen Coles , a professor of gerontology at the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the University of California in Los Angeles . He 's also the director of the Gerontology Research Group , an independent organization that tracks , monitors and verifies claims of longevity . "  He 's not the real thing . Carmelo is not 123 years old despite the documents his family has shown . He was not born in the year 1890 . " Coles said the first red flag was the fact that Flores is a man . The gerontologist said more than 90 % of cases of what his organization categorizes as supercentenarians are women . Jean Louise Calment from France lived to the age of 122 . Her case is the longest human lifespan that has been verified with several documents . According to Coles , there are 57 documented and verified cases of people over the age of 110 around the world . Fifty-five are women and two are men . Four other cases are still pending final verification . The Gerontology Research Group has found a document that purportedly shows Flores is actually 107 years old , and not 123 . The document is a baptismal certificate . Back in 1890 , the Bolivian government did n't record live births or any other demographic data , so it was up to the Catholic Church to register births , deaths and marriages . In any case , the fact that Carmelo Flores Laura has lived for more than a century in the arid highlands of Bolivia at an altitude of more than 12,000 feet is striking . Not only does he walk on his own , but his voice is still commanding . His son Cecilio Flores , who 's 65 years old , has to speak loudly in his ear to communicate with him , but his memory seems to be in perfect shape . He does n't speak Spanish , but his native Aymara , an indigenous language in Bolivia . "  I was born here in the highlands , " Flores told CNN in Aymara , with his son translating into Spanish . "  I was not a mischievous child . I was rather calm . I arrived as a young man in Frasquia and worked as herder and farmer . I was very happy with my wife . We never fought . I never cheated on her and we were both very happy . " Flores ' wife lived to be over 100 years old . According to family tradition , the secret to a long life is drinking the water that flows down the Illampu Glacier , located not far from Frasquia . Their diet includes no packaged or processed foods , but locally grown plants like barley and quinoa . They hunt a local fox that lives in the Bolivian mountains known regionally as "  zorrino . " 80 year old becomes oldest to climb Mount Everest Before you get any ideas , the Gerontology Research Group has found that no particular diet , geographical location or kind of water makes people live longer . Coles said it 's the genes . "  People who have extreme old age have virtually nothing in common . They do n't share the same religion , nutrition or exercise routine . They only have one detail in common : they have relatives who have lived a long time and children  who  also tend to live a long time , " Coles said . Cecilio Flores said his supercentenarian father had five children , 16 grandchildren and 39 great-grandchildren . "  I constantly congratulate my father , " he said . "  He took care of me when I was little so I 'm now taking care of him . Now it 's my turn to make sure he 's taken care of . " Cecilio is the only child of Flores still alive . No one in the Flores family doubts that the patriarch is 123 years old . There seems to be no doubt either when it comes to officials . In fact , the government of Bolivia plans to honor Flores by declaring him "  a living heritage " of the Bolivian people .	Carmelo Flores Laura has two documents saying he is 123 years old Neither the birth certificate nor the national identity card is original , however The Gerontology Research Group has found evidence he is only 107 Either way , the government of Bolivia is declaring him "  a living heritage " of the Bolivian people .
CNN  -- Iran is in possession of the building blocks to construct a promising , fast growing , developing economy . The basics are all there -- a sizable population of 78 million people , with a median age of just 27 . A highly cultured and educated society , and by its own geological surveys the country is blessed with 9 % of the world 's oil reserves . Utilizing a conservative IMF calculation of $ 75 a barrel , that means Iran sits on $ 10 trillion of oil reserves and another $ 3.5 trillion of gas reserves . Iran , minus the intense sanctions put forward by the West starting in mid-2010 , would warrant a slot in the N-11 group of countries -- this is the next wave of the most promising economies within the emerging market sphere of Jim O'Neill at Goldman Sachs . That is the promise , but the reality today with its devalued rial is the polar opposite . According to economist Steve Hanke , Professor of Applied Economics , at Johns Hopkins University , the Republic is the first country in the Middle East to ever have hyperinflation -- defined as an economy seeing its monthly inflation rate soar 50 % or more each month . Iran joins Zimbabwe  2008  and North Korea  2009-2011  as the only three in the 21st Century to experience that fate and at the same time share a common link of being subject to international sanctions . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in his United Nations address toned down the rhetoric from the recent past and suggested the post-war institutions are not benefiting all citizens . "  There is no doubt that the world is in need of a new order and a fresh way of thinking , " he said in his eighth and final address to the General Assembly as President . But that call for a new global order may ring hollow with those struggling on the ground . With daily insights from our reporter Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran , we know that the costs of staples in society are soaring . Chicken prices have risen three-fold in the past year , barbari bread a five fold increase . This is directly linked to its currency . When U.S. President Barrack Obama signed the sanctions legislation into law in July 2010 , the rial was trading at just over 10,000 to the dollar . It is recovering from a low last week of 37,500 on the black market , but at 28,500 the currency is still down nearly 70 % in the last year . In 2010 , Iran began removing subsidies for fuel , from heating oil to engine petrol , which amounted to $ 4,000 per year for the average family of four according to the IMF . This was a sign Iran was starting to normalize its economy and at the same time began introducing a privatization program to reduce the size of the state . That effort , economists say , stalled since it clashed with Iran 's isolation from the global economy due to its pursuit of its nuclear development plan . It has been a toxic result for the average Iranian who is caught in the middle of a "  cat and mouse " game of uranium enrichment and negotiations with the Vienna based agency , the IAEA . All the while , the screws linked to sanctions are being tightened . Oil makes up 90 % of the country 's export earnings , but their customers have trimmed back volumes due to the sanctions and difficulty getting systems insured . China , South Korea , Japan and India are big customers . Beijing , energy consultants say , is using the plight of sanctions to reduce the price they pay . Iran 's daily production , according to OPEC , is the lowest in over two decades . It is down nearly a million barrels a day in the last five years . The sanctions also limit any new investment by the international oil giants who are already operating in Iran . So the sanctions of today will leave a terrible aftertaste for years to come . With rising import prices due to a plummeting currency , Iran Inc. is also no longer able to compete . There are reports that the industrial sector has laid off up to 800,000 workers this year and those who have kept their jobs are seeing their wages eroded by skyrocketing prices . Tehran bazaar reopens after currency protests This is a critical window for Iranians . President Ahmadinejad 's term expires in June of next year . Most candidates , whether moderate or not , are keeping their heads down during this flashpoint of anger being expressed on the streets linked to the falling rial . Meanwhile , Iranians must be asking the question : What if we joined the global economic community , even with its imperfections after the 2008 debt crisis ? At this juncture it is far too early to answer that question , but most would likely say Iran 's isolation to date has not been the answer to their financial woes .	Iran is in possession of the building blocks to construct a promising , fast growing economy But CNN 's John Defterios says the reality today with its devalued rial is the polar opposite With rising import prices due to a plummeting currency , Iran Inc. is also no longer able to compete Defterios : Iranians must be asking the question : What if we joined the global economic community ?
CNN  -- Texas Rep. Randy Neugebauer says he was the Republican House member who called out "  baby killer " during the chamber 's debate Sunday night on the health care reform bill . Neugebauer issued a statement Monday apologizing for the outburst . His statement said he called out , "  It 's a baby killer , " in reference to the last-minute deal between Michigan Democratic Rep. Bart Stupak and the White House that secured the support of Stupak and other anti-abortion Democrats for the health care bill . "  Last night was the climax of weeks and months of debate on a health care bill that my constituents fear and do not support , " Neugebauer 's statement said . "  In the heat and emotion of the debate , I exclaimed the phrase ` it 's a baby killer ' in reference to the agreement reached by the Democratic leadership . " The interruption occurred as Stupak was delivering an emotional speech defending the deal with the White House that called for President Obama to issue an executive order guaranteeing that the bill would not change existing limits on federal funding for abortion . The phrase yelled by Neugebauer was initially believed to have been directed at Stupak personally . "  While I remain heartbroken over the passage of this bill and the tragic consequences it will have for the unborn , I deeply regret that my actions were mistakenly interpreted as a direct reference to Congressman Stupak himself , " Neugebauer 's statement said . "  I have apologized to Mr. Stupak and also apologize to my colleagues for the manner in which I expressed my disappointment about the bill , " the statement concluded . "  The House Chamber is a place of decorum and respect . The timing and tone of my comment last night was inappropriate . " The incident evoked memories of Rep. Joe Wilson , a South Carolina Republican , who yelled "  you lie " during Obama 's health care speech to a joint session of Congress in September . Wilson also apologized , and the House formally reprimanded him for the outburst . CNN 's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	Rep. Randy Neugebauer sorry "  my actions were mistakenly interpreted " "  Baby killer " outburst occurred as Stupak was speaking against a Republican motion On Sunday , Stupak and other anti-abortion Democrats struck a deal with the president Outburst comes six months after Rep. Joe Wilson 's "  you lie " incident
