LONDON , England  CNN  -- French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner 's declaration that France had to prepare for the possibility of war against Iran over its nuclear program was not conventional diplomatic behavior . But then Kouchner was never expected to be a soft-soaper on the diplomatic scene . French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner has a reputation for challenging convention and authority . A surprise appointment from the Socialist ranks to Nicolas Sarkozy 's conservative government , the founder of Medicins Sans Frontiers has always challenged convention and authority . The former UN Secretary General Boutros Boutros-Ghali once called Kouchner ` an unguided missile ' and the man himself has been known to declare : "  To change the law you sometimes have to break the law " . He was in his youth one of the leaders of the students revolt in France in May 1968 . Kouchner is a humanitarian as well as a patriot , with a strong commitment to human rights . Unusually for a man of the Left , he supported the US-led intervention in Iraq  while criticizing the aftermath  . But he did so on the grounds of Saddam Hussein 's denial of human rights , not his possible possession of weapons of mass destruction . His and President Sarkozy 's concern for human rights lies behind their eagerness to join Gordon Brown 's Britain in a new push for action in Darfur . Bernard Kouchner did not come to his position with any of former President Chirac 's instinctive distrust of the United States . Washington , which has been critical of some European states for their weakness in confronting Teheran , will have been delighted by his ` get serious ' warning to Teheran . But the plain-speaking Kouchner is unlikely to be deterred by fears of upsetting the White House when he has criticisms to make of US policy . How much should be made of his words on Iran remains unclear at this stage . They were scarcely on the same scale as President Chirac 's threat when he was still in office to retaliate with nuclear strikes against any state found to be responsible for a large-scale terrorist attack on France . But they are all of a piece with France 's new high-profile style under the presidency of Nicolas Sarkozy . Mr Kouchner , for example , became the first French Foreign Minister to visit Iraq since 1988 , insisting that there could only be a political solution to the country 's problems , not a military one , and offering France 's services as a mediator and ` honest broker ' between Sunnis , Shiites and Kurds . On Iran he is , in a way , merely echoing the words of his President who declared in a speech last month that a nuclear-armed Iran would be ` unacceptable ' and describing the stand-off over its nuclear program as ` undoubtedly the most serious crisis before us today ' . Certainly Mr Kouchner is making clear that France no longer takes the view once expressed by President Chirac that a nuclear-armed Iran might be inevitable In continuing to ratchet up the rhetoric over that threat and to underline the West 's resolution on Iran 's nuclear enrichment program Mr Kouchner is supplementing his president 's warnings . Neither is saying that military intervention against Iran is imminent or inevitable . Neither has yet confirmed that France would be part of any such military action . But both are stressing the risks which are piling up as a result of Teheran 's brinkmanship . Perhaps the strongest lesson though from Mr Kouchner 's intervention is his underlining that the new administration in France is not a knee-jerk anti-American one -- and that France is in the business of reclaiming a role at the top diplomatic tables . E-mail to a friend	French FM Kouchner has told France to prepare for possibility of war with Iran Was a surprise appointment to Nicolas Sarkozy 's conservative government Also the first French Foreign Minister to visit Iraq since 1988 Founder of Medicins Sans Frontiers , also French student leader in May 1968
CNN  -- An al Qaeda group claimed responsibility Tuesday for coordinated attacks on two Iraqi prisons that a lawmaker said freed more than 500 inmates , including some senior members of the militant group . Militants supported by suicide bombers and armed with mortars , rocket-propelled grenades and machine guns attacked two Iraqi prisons Sunday and Monday as inmates inside rioted and set fires , ending in a massive jailbreak , authorities said . The attacks occurred Sunday night at Abu Ghraib , west of Baghdad , and al-Taji prison , north of the capital . At least 21 inmates and at least eight prison guards were killed , the Iraqi Justice Ministry said , while 25 inmates and 14 guards were wounded . Blast during sermon in Iraq mosque kills at least 18 The Justice Ministry did not say how many inmates had escaped , but lawmaker Hakim al-Zamili said Monday that more than 500 fighters had gotten away . A statement posted on radical Islamist websites and purporting to be from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claimed responsibility for the attacks and said that "  more than 500 of the best jihadi fighters " were among the freed inmates . CNN could not confirm the authenticity of the statement , which was signed by the group 's Information Ministry instead of the more usual official media wing . State-run TV Al Iraqiya reported that guards at Abu Ghraib , also known as Baghdad Central Prison , facilitated the prison break . Al Iraqiya ran part of an interview with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who said "  the guards who were present inside the prison were part of this militia , they were complicit , and they are the ones who opened the prison gates . " Al Iraqiya TV also reported that the Ministry of Interior had arrested a number of the escapees , but the report did not specify a number or from which prison they had escaped . Ramzy Mardini , adjunct fellow at the Beirut-based Iraq Institute for Strategic Studies , compared the attacks to a previous prison break in Yemen . Many of those who escaped then belonged to al Qaeda . "  Like in Yemen in 2006 , this could be al Qaeda 's so-called great escape moment in Iraq , whereby a prison break is large and significant enough to exhibit noticeable impact on the insurgency and the group 's effectiveness for the foreseeable future , " Mardini wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  Al Qaeda has certainly proven its reach over the past year to still exhibit a capacity to pull off high-profile and coordinated attacks . But this takes the cake , especially given the scale of the operation , its potential impact and the fortified nature of the target , " he said . Mardini described the attacks as al Qaeda 's "  best advertisement " in terms of propaganda since 2009 bombings in Baghdad . Bombers strike in Iraq ; more than 20 dead Meanwhile , at least 16 people were killed and dozens wounded in a new wave of explosions and shooting in Baghdad and Mosul on Tuesday , according to police officials . Three roadside bombs exploded in rapid succession near a popular restaurant in southern Baghdad , killing seven people and wounding 28 others . A car bomb and two roadside bombs outside a Sunni mosque , also in southern Baghdad , killed four people and wounded 15 more , officials said . In western Mosul , the northern Iraq metropolis , gunmen at a livestock market killed three Shiite people , who police said were visiting from Baghdad . Two prison guards were shot dead in eastern Mosul . Attacks on Monday also rocked Mosul . A suicide bomber blew himself up at an Iraqi army post in northern Mosul 's Kokjili district in the morning , police said . At least 16 people were killed and 21 were wounded . Both civilians and soldiers were among the victims . Later , at least four people were killed and two were wounded when a roadside bomb exploded near a Sunni mosque in the al-Muthana neighborhood of central Mosul , police said . The deadly fighting is the latest in a string of violence in recent months , much of it stemming from discord between Sunnis and Shiites . Sunnis have long felt politically marginalized under a Shiite-led government in the post-Saddam Hussein era . They enjoyed more political clout during Hussein 's rule before his ouster after the U.S.-led 2003 invasion . See also : Baghdad bombings target mostly Shiite neighborhoods	NEW : At least 16 people are killed in explosions and shooting Tuesday , police say Analyst : "  This takes the cake ... given the scale of the operation , its potential impact " State-run TV reports that guards at Abu Ghraib were complicit in escapes Al Qaeda group claims responsibility ; at least 500 inmates reportedly escape
No Christmas is complete without a war on Christmas , and this year it 's being fought on several fronts . NPR reported the White House attacking Republican intransigence over the debt talks in a report with a section titled "  The Holiday Season is No Time to Threaten Middle-Class Pocketbooks . " That prompted the Daily Caller to respond with the headline , "  Disagreeing with Obama can ruin Christmas , says White House report . " In the eyes of some liberals , the Republicans have become the party of the Grinch . This must be news to conservatives who have always insisted that it 's the Democrats who want to steal Christmas . To them , the war is being waged by liberal secularists against patriotic American Christians who want to celebrate the holiday loudly and publicly in the way Baby Jesus intended . Pat Robertson has hit out at those "  miserable " atheists and Fox News has gone after Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee for deciding not to host a Christmas tree lighting ceremony . In other words , although the war on Christmas phenomenon might have something to do with rising unbelief among Americans , more likely it reflects growing partisanship among politicians . In an age when nothing is so sacred it ca n't be used to hurt a political opponent , Christmas is one more weapon that statesmen and stateswomen can use against each other . But the meaning of the war on Christmas is actually bigger than partisan tomfoolery and is n't limited to right-wing fantasy , either . Some of it exposes genuine tensions within American politics and society . Take the decision of the Santa Monica City Council to end the tradition of erecting nativity scenes or other displays in Palisades Park . The right to display a scene was hitherto decided by lottery , and the previous winter season atheists won 11 out of 14 spaces , which they used to erect enormous critiques of Christianity . In response , locals lobbied the council to establish stricter guidelines about who could take part . The council decided that would be discriminatory , but it also did n't want to leave the system open to abuse by more offensive groups like neo-Nazis . So it decided the displays would have to stop altogether . That decision was upheld in November by a federal judge . The local secularists were thrilled . "  The free thinkers ... played the game of the religionists and they outsmarted them , " Annie Laurie Gaylor told the Huffington Post . "  They showed the Christian people of the city what it feels like to have a public park promoting views that offend your personal conscience . These views were on public property that were supposed to be owned equally by everyone . " This story is a classic example of the failure to reconcile different interests within a democratic society . Nobody involved was technically wrong . The secularist campaigners were right to say that the nativity displays should be open to everyone because they were on public land . Their Christian opponents were right to insist that anything erected to celebrate Christmas ought to give some priority to celebrating Christmas . And the council was right that , in the absence of consensus , it was better to allow no displays at all . The tragedy being that Gaylor 's campaign ended up destroying a perfectly wonderful tradition in the name of fairness . And that hardly seems fair . Unfortunately , Gaylor gets around almost as much as Santa Claus ; now she 's involved in an effort to take down a Jesus-shaped war memorial near a popular ski resort in Montana . There 's a thin line between this sort of secularist activism and the politics of personal taste . In Portsmouth , New Hampshire , a jewelry shop manager called the cops on Salvation Army bell ringers because the noise was "  raising her blood pressure and making her hate Christmas . " In Colorado Springs , the Salvation Army was stopped from bell ringing because of a new ban on panhandling . What 's really happening is n't just a targeted , political war on Christmas but a more general battle for control of what goes on in the public sphere , especially around the holidays . Undoubtedly , some of this is motivated by anti-religious secularism . But it 's also the product of living in a crowded multicultural environment where everyone risks getting on each other 's nerves -- and we have to find better ways of getting along . One of the reasons why "  Happy Holidays " has risen in use as an alternative seasonal greeting to "  Merry Christmas " is simply that it helps avoid occasions of offense and confrontation . Religious conservatives complain that it 's a surrender to militant atheism . But if that 's the case then the surrender is widespread . George W. Bush 's White House cards wished everyone a happy "  holiday season " and even Fox News has its own Holiday Wish List . If there is a solution to this controversy then perhaps it 's to try to treat it with a dash of humor and disdain . The Rev. Jonathan Morris was recently invited on "  Fox and Friends " to unleash hell on the war on Christmas . Instead , he did the opposite . After pointing out that Christians have throughout the centuries taken much worse persecution  and , I might add , dished out a bit , too  he concluded , "  If our Christmas is going to be all about getting upset at people trying to take away Christmas , is n't that silly , too ? " Amen , Father .	Tim Stanley : It 's not Christmas without "  War on Christmas , " a cooked up culture crisis This time , politics in mix , with White House , others using holidays to score points , he says He says "  war " really reflects failure to reconcile different interests in democratic society Stanley : Battle is over what goes on in public sphere . One solution ? Have sense of humor
The Frisky  -- "  Toy Story 3 " has been receiving nothing but praise . It 's topped the box office for two weeks in a row and has pulled in $ 226 million so far . Not to mention that critics are lauding it as the saving grace in a horribly blah summer movie season . But Ms. magazine is not too happy about the movie 's success . Natalie Wilson , who wrote the piece , admits that the kid 's movie is "  fresh " and "  clever , " but she also claims that it contains a few too many misogynistic and homophobic jokes for comfort . The Frisky : Angelina Jolie says daughter Shiloh wants to be a boy Wilson 's criticism of the film starts off as a numbers game . She points out that only one of the new toys is female , leaving the film with a 3-to-1 boy-girl ratio . This math ca n't be denied . But as one commenter pointed out , part of this is due to the fact that the playthings in the flick belonged to a boy . And even though there is an increasing number of unisex toys in the world , it 's still unusual to see a little boy playing with traditionally female toys . But Ms 's main argument is much more about quality than quantity . Wilson claims that "  Toy Story 3 " is full of negative female stereotypes that can give the wrong impression about gender roles . She writes that the mother in the movie is depicted as "  nagging , " while Barbie is shown as "  over emotional " and "  hyper-feminine . " Her packaged partner in crime , Ken , is painted as a "  closeted gay fashionista " who is constantly teased . Wilson worries that depictions like this will teach children , especially boys , that being female or homosexual is wrong -- or at least something to laugh at . The Frisky : What Barbie 's measurements look like on a real woman Many viewers , myself included , have trouble reading "  Toy Story 3 " this way . I think Ms. is looking too hard for something to criticize . Unfortunately , children 's movies have a history of being pretty darn sexist . Just look at Disney 's line-up -- one film after another is about a helpless princess needing a man to get her out of a nasty situation , ending with the two falling in love and the woman giving up whatever life she had before . Most of these movies teach boys that all girls want is a handsome man with lots of money . Not really an inspiring message . But "  Toy Story " is n't based on archaic fairy tales -- it 's an original idea . While not fully politically correct , it 's a stride in the right direction . The Frisky : Disney fairy tale princes teach men how to attract women And while Wilson paints the few female characters as negative , I see them in an opposite light . Cowgirl Jessie is tom-boyish , opinionated , and does n't just do something because a man says it 's right . While the same compliments ca n't be loaded onto Barbie , we have to think about the doll we 're dealing with here . In the real world , Barbie is constantly being attacked for being an unrealistic influence on girls . Her is body is ridiculously out of proportion and all her material possessions encourage vanity and selfishness . So of course the film is going to portray her that way -- these are Barbie stereotypes , not female ones . If anything , "  Toy Story 3 " plays on the perception of Barbie and then gives the blond doll a positive spin by making her a girl willing to give up the dream house life with Ken to fight for what 's right -- her pride and friends . The Frisky : Barbie 's 16 most feminist-friendly careers As for Ken , the jokes are pretty pointed at him being a doll that is n't quite out of the walk-in closet yet . But once again , is n't Ken already a national inside joke ? He is known as Barbie 's arm candy with a penchant for wild clothes and pink Corvettes . How else should he be portrayed ? As the macho man savior that has already been tired out in past kiddie flicks ? At least they gave the character some psychological heft . If "  Toy Story 3 " is anything , it is a movie that expands and scratches away at the old stereotypes that have been plaguing both kid 's movies and toys . It certainly did n't bust open the toy box with game changing plot lines and characters , but it 's an improvement when compared to past pictures such as Belle falling victim to Stockholm syndrome in "  Beauty and the Beast . " Overall , this is a great kid 's movie and a big improvement on the usual summer kids ' fare like "  Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Squeakel . " I rest my case ! The Frisky : Teen werewolf gangs run wild at Texas high school TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Critics are lauding "  Toy Story 3 " as the saving grace in a horribly blah summer movie season "  Ms. " posted an article on their blog about the sexism and negative stereotypes in the film Many viewers have trouble reading "  Toy Story 3 " this way
Washington  CNN  -- A Nigerian man whose wife was among 153 people killed Sunday when an MD-83 aircraft crashed in Lagos , Nigeria , has filed suit against the manufacturer of the plane and its engines , and against the estate of the American who was piloting the aircraft . In a 56-page lawsuit , David Chukwunonso Allison alleges that the plane and its engines were defective and "  unreasonably dangerous , " leading to the death of his wife of two years , Joy Allison . The lawsuit , filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois , names the Boeing Co. and its subsidiary , McDonnell Douglas Corp. , as well as engine manufacturer Pratt & Whitney Canada Corp. and United Technologies Corp. . It also names the estate of Peter Waxtan of Fort Lauderdale , Florida , the pilot of the plane . Dana Air Flight 992 slammed into a two-story apartment building in Lagos ' Iju-Ishaga district , killing all 153 people on board and at least 10 people on the ground . Nine Americans were among those killed , the U.S. State Department said . At a news conference Thursday in Lagos , Dana Air CEO Jacky Hathiramani said , "  There are absolutely no words to accurately express our grief and sorrow over this tragedy . Our thoughts and prayers remain with the families and friends of the departed , the Iju-Ishaga community and all Nigerians in this difficult time . We will continue to do our best to assist them in every way possible . " Pratt & Whitney said it would n't comment amid an ongoing investigation but "  is cooperating fully with investigating authorities . " "  We are deeply saddened by the lives lost in the recent Dana Airlines incident . Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of all those involved in this incident , " the company said in a statement . See also : Nigerians demand answers after crash On the plane 's final approach to Murtala Muhammed International Airport on Sunday , Waxtan issued a mayday call , saying the plane 's two engines had failed . A National Transportation Safety Board investigator is assisting Nigerian officials to determine the cause of the crash . Such investigations typically take about a year . While acknowledging that it is not yet known if the pilot , the aircraft , or some other factor was to blame , Allison 's attorney Gary Robb said it was essential to file suit early so he could seek to have his investigators -- which include a former NTSB investigator -- inspect wreckage at the scene , and to place the case at the beginning of the lawsuits . Cases are heard in the order they are filed , Robb said , and David Allison "  did n't want to be No. 153 ; he wanted to be No. 1 , " Robb said . "  Ultimately , it may turn out that the pilot did everything possible and was not at fault . But these are things that the court system is charged with finding out , " Robb said . "  What we do know with absolute certainty is that Joy Allison , David 's wife , was not a fault . " The suit seeks unspecified damages and requests a jury trial . Robb said Joy Allison worked for the Federal Express licensed office in Lagos , and her husband was with the Nigerian Brewing Co. , which distributes Heineken beer products . They had a 1-year-old daughter . Inquiries by CNN to Boeing for comment were not immediately returned . CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers contributed to this report .	NEW : Pratt & Whitney says it 's "  cooperating fully with investigating authorities " David Chukwunonso Allison 's wife , Joy , died in the plane crash Sunday in Nigeria His lawsuit alleges the plane and its engines were defective Before the crash , the pilot had issued a mayday saying both engines had failed
CNN  -- Derrion Albert was different from the other boys in the often violent and tense neighborhood of Roseland in South Side Chicago . Derrion Albert , 16 , was beaten to death last week . His death was captured on video . "  He had a different attitude . And I 'm not saying he was perfect , but when you ask him to turn his hat to the back or take it off , he would n't put it on the back or hang it off his head or say to you , like the other boys do , ` F**k that ! ' He would just do what you asked , " Ameena Matthews said . Matthews works with Cease Fire , a Chicago , Illinois , grassroots organization founded in 1995 to try to curb gang violence . She grew up in the neighborhood that has drawn national attention since a video captured Albert , a 16-year-old honor student , being beaten to death with a railway tie , kicked and punched by other teens . Four have been charged . Their ages are 16 , 17 , 18 and 19 . Two went to Christian Fenger Academy High with Albert . It 's unclear who videotaped the savagery . Matthews is a mediator , which means kids come to her and tell her that a dispute is about to boil over into violence ; she picks up the phone and calls the two sides and talks it out . Last school year , Albert complained to her that some boys were threatening him and that his leather jacket and shoes had been stolen from his locker . "  That boy tried . He complained to his teacher ; he complained to me , " she said . But Albert , like many kids , hung out with some of the same boys who were known to menace other children in the neighborhood . That 's the way it is , she said . You hang out with who lives in your neighborhood . "  Kids are not going to say , ` Oh , this kid is a gangbanger . I better stay away . ' All of them want to be friends with the kid who lives next door or in their project . "  People outside who do n't understand this neighborhood want it to be simple , and it 's not simple . No kid is really bad or really good . It 's complicated over here . You need to find you some security and come here and see what it 's really been like for years . "  Because it 's war in this neighborhood , " she said . "  Nobody really safe . Boys got lot of guns . " Watch graphic video of the attack " "  I think -LSB- gangs -RSB- tried to recruit him , and he said no , and he just tried to go home , and they just jumped on him , " the Rev. Victor Grandberry , who met with Albert 's family after Thursday night 's killing and is acting as their spokesman , told WGN-TV . The Chicago Tribune reported Tuesday that teenagers are scared to go to school or to be in school . Parents are yanking their kids out of Fenger . Albert 's grandfather , Joseph Walker , told CNN affiliate WLS-TV that his grandson was a good kid . "  He was in Bible class this Tuesday night . Church on Sunday , " Walker told WLS . "  I have no trouble out of my grandson whatsoever . This thing that happened to him is so horrific that we just do n't know what we 're going to do . We lost a really dear friend in my grandson . He was a blessed child . " The teenager had been living with his sister 's grandmother for the past two years but recently moved in with a cousin , according to the grandmother , Eunice Cross . Cross and Matthews both said his mother lives in Mount Vernon , in southern Illinois . His mother is expected to arrive in Chicago on Tuesday . Cross told WGN that Albert has another sister and a brother . Cross said Albert had lived with her on and off since his grandmother died . He took out the trash when she asked and helped her with household chores . "  He never gave me trouble . He was n't disrespectful at all , " the grandmother told WGN . "  He was a smart boy , he went to school , and he got good grades . "	Derrion Albert complained that he felt threatened by others in neighborhood Someone videotaped brutal attack that killed him Thursday The 16-year-old was more polite than other kids , activist said Four have been charged with murder ; suspects ' ages are 16 , 17 , 18 and 19
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russia 's finance minister made a rare admission of responsibility Monday for the country 's severe economic crisis . Russia 's Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin says his country 's economy has been set back by five years . The Russian government overspent its vast oil revenues in recent years , fueling inflation , and did not do enough to reduce the economy 's reliance on oil , Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin said in an exclusive CNN interview . "  Of course , I too bear the responsibility for not managing to diversify the economy as much as we wanted , " Kudrin said . "  We were spending more money than we could afford , which is why we had a rapid strengthening of the national currency -LSB- and -RSB- a high inflation rate . "  I think the government should have been more conservative in its financial policy and save more money that it received from the high global oil prices , " he said . Kremlin officials usually blame the West , and specifically the United States , for the global economic crisis . Kudrin , who is also a deputy prime minister , said the financial crisis had set back Russian shares -- but added that the United States had fared even worse . "  If we are talking about the Russian stock market , it had been growing quickly over the past few years and then dropped rapidly . But we only retreated back five years , as far as I know , U.S. stock markets have fallen back 10 years . " Watch CNN 's exclusive interview with Russia 's finance minister " The Dow Jones index of leading shares hit lows not seen since 1997 on Monday . Kudrin confirmed Russia would have a budget deficit of 8 percent in 2009 -- its first for a decade -- and will spend more than it takes in for the next two years as well . He predicted a deficit of 5 percent in 2010 and 3 percent in 2011 . Russian government budget forecasts assumed oil would cost $ 95 a barrel -- more than twice as much as it costs at the moment . The lower price hurt Russia , one of the world 's largest oil exporters . But Kudrin said Moscow would not cut spending , though it would change its priorities . "  In general , the volume of spending will remain the same , and even slightly increase , which is why the deficit will go up to 8 percent , " he said . "  We need to optimize our spending and cut certain programs , " he added . "  First of all , we halted all brand new programs and all new projects . In some cases we 've also cut government institutions and government employees ' payroll . Besides , we 've decreased funding for less important projects by 50 percent and more . But by and large social spending and important infrastructure projects remain untouched . " Russia 's stock markets plummeted by nearly 70 percent in 2008 , and the country spent one-third of its gold and foreign currency reserves -- or $ 216 billion -- defending its currency , the ruble . The Kremlin has also committed vast sums to bail out big business in Russia , which is heavily in debt to foreign banks . Kudrin -- who is attending a global investment forum in Moscow -- said there were signs the Russian economy was stabilizing . He confirmed that investors pulled $ 40 billion out of Russia in January , but said that enormous outflows of cash had stopped . The flight of capital was related to the much-anticipated fall in the value of the currency , he said . "  People have been expecting a devaluation of the Russian ruble , there were a lot of expectations of new devaluation to take place . That 's why , before the end of January , before the devaluation was actually completed , there was a very strong incentive to take capital out of Russia . However , in February , such capital outflow practically ended . " CNN 's Michael Sefanov and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	Russian has overspent vast oil revenues in recent years , finance minister says Failure to diversify national economy also hampering economy Crisis has set Russian stock market back five years , Kudrin says
Washington  CNN  -- Law enforcement and medical personnel rushed to Washington 's National Mall on Friday afternoon to assist a man who reportedly set himself on fire . The man was taken to a hospital and is in critical condition , said Maj. Patrick Smith with U.S. Park Police . Officers rushed to scene after receiving a 911 call and found the man engulfed in flames , according to Smith . Office Hugh Carew , a spokesman for the Metropolitan Police Department , said police will investigate whether the injured man intentionally set himself on fire . Adam Stifel saw part of the incident while he was jogging . "  I saw a man sitting in flames , " Stifel told CNN . "  He had already doused himself in gasoline , I believe . " Stifel said five or six people used their shirts to pat out the fire . He said he saw a red gasoline canister near the man . The incident occurred near the National Air and Space Museum . The man was airlifted out to receive medical care . No information was available on the man 's identity or whether he was part of a protest group . The location where the man was found on fire is about six blocks from the U.S. Capitol , where a high speed car chase on Thursday ended with a woman being shot and killed by law enforcement officers . CNN 's Brian Todd and Skip Nocciolo contributed to this report .	Man spotted on fire near famous museum on National Mall Passers-by attempted to put out the flames He 's in critical condition
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's interior minister , citing police evidence gathered after a deadly house bombing Friday , said people at the dwelling had been planning to attack him during a court appearance in Karachi . Rehman Malik , who appeared in a Karachi court regarding an outstanding corruption case against him , said intelligence officers warned him against going to pre-announced events such as Friday 's court appearance , which was well-publicized a few weeks ago . The house blast occurred in the Baldia section of Karachi and killed seven people . When police came to the scene , they interrogated three survivors , two men and an elderly woman . They then determined the people were intent on launching an attack on the court , according to Waseed Ahmed , Karachi 's police chief . Ahmed said officers also discovered two suicide vests , 25 hand grenades , three AK-47s and 17 magazines of ammunitions . Police also found tins of food , which led them to believe the attackers might have been planning to take hostages and set up a siege of the court . Police were investigating the cause of the blast , and Malik said people in the house were members of a family from the Swat Valley in North West Frontier Province . The Pakistani army has conducted intense operations in that province and the tribal region to rout militants from their safe havens . Malik had been among thousands of bureaucrats and politicians who had been granted amnesty by Pakistan 's National Reconciliation Ordinance . The ordinance shielded them from having to face corruption charges . But the ordinance has been nullified , and Malik was no longer protected by it . Also Friday , a suspected U.S. drone strike killed five people in northwestern Pakistan , two intelligence sources said . The suspected drone launched two missiles at a car in the village of Palali , in North Waziristan , a rugged area near Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan that is rife with Islamic extremists , the sources said . Two of the dead were from countries other than Pakistan ; three were locals , the sources told CNN . The attack , at about 7:45 p.m. also injured two people , the two intelligence sources said . Additional details were not immediately available . CNN 's Pierre Bairin , Arwa Damon and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	House blast in Karachi kills seven people Interior minister says people planned to attack him during court appearance Suicide vests , hand grenades , AK-47s , ammunition found , police say
Nurse Kaci Hickox says it 's her right to roam outside her home , but leaders in Maine warn she could be a threat to public welfare . Yes , Hickox recently treated people with Ebola in West Africa , but she has no symptoms of the disease , and has twice tested negative . "  To put me in prison is just inhumane , " Hickox said about being placed into an involuntary quarantine after she landed last week at the Newark , New Jersey , airport after working in Sierra Leone . "  I just feel like fear is winning right now , and when fear wins , everyone loses . " New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie disagreed . Citing public safety , officials had Hickox spend more than 65 hours in mandatory quarantine outside a hospital before she was released and transported to her home in Maine . Chris Christie on Ebola policy : ` We 're not moving an inch ' Officials in Maine also disagree with the nurse . Gov. Paul LePage says he will "  exercise the full extent of his authority allowable by law " to keep her away from public places . Tensions are running high . A police cruiser trailed Hickox and her boyfriend as they took an hourlong bicycle ride through rural Maine Thursday -- a move the governor said was meant to protect the nurse . The showdown between Hickox and Maine officials strikes at a larger dilemma about what health workers ought to do when they return home from fighting the unprecedented Ebola outbreak in Africa , especially when the doctors and nurses show no symptoms of the deadly virus . It 's an emotional debate that pits individual liberty against public safety , now elevated to a high public drama because Hickox has been outspoken against a quarantine . "  I 'm fighting for something much more than myself , " she said Wednesday after emerging from the home where she had been staying . "  There are so many aid workers coming back . It scares me to think how they 're going to be treated and how they 're going to feel . " Raw emotions Ebola 's arrival to U.S. soil this year has caused a visceral reaction among some Americans who advocate quarantines as a prudent vigilance against a disease with no established cure . But medical experts say that reaction is merely fear , and they explain that an individual without the virus ' symptoms is no public threat at all . That does n't satisfy some Americans who demand a higher precaution : they want health care workers to be in quarantine for 21 days , the incubation period for the Ebola virus . They cite how Dr. Craig Spencer , 33 , a Doctors Without Borders physician , moved freely about New York City for days until he developed Ebola . Spencer just returned from treating Ebola patients in Guinea . New Jersey 's 21-day quarantine policy drew sharp criticism from Hickox , who described it as a "  knee-jerk reaction by politicians to Ebola . " Illinois and California announced similar 21-day quarantine orders this week on anyone who has had contact with an Ebola patient in affected areas of West Africa . It 's an approach Maine 's top health official says she wants the state to take -- and an idea that one of Hickox 's neighbors said he supports . "  Why she 's being so defiant , I 'm not sure , " neighbor Jim Majka said , "  but it 's causing consternation here , and people are trying to ask why she wo n't honor it . It 's a simple thing : Stay in the quarantine until it 's over , and we 're good . " President Barack Obama tried to quash that public sentiment this week by inviting to the White House a group of U.S. health workers who worked in African Ebola zones . After being in direct contact with those non-symptomatic workers , Obama reiterated how there 's no public danger when a health worker does n't have symptoms of the virus . "  We do n't react to our fears , but instead , we respond with common sense and skill and courage . That 's the best of our history -- not fear , not hysteria , not misinformation , " Obama said . But in a move that seemed to contradict the White House , the Pentagon this week put 30 U.S. soldiers in quarantine -- or "  controlled monitoring " -- in Italy after they were stationed in Ebola-stricken West Africa . Army major general speaks to CNN from inside Ebola quarantine High stakes At stake in the quarantine debate is the fight against Ebola itself , advocates say . Specifically , it 's the ability of health care workers who fight Ebola at its source to return immediately to their private and professional lives . A 21-day quarantine would discourage this rare pool of labor from taking on such hazardous duty in Africa , advocates say . If there are fewer doctors and nurses on the Ebola front , there 's a likelihood that the epidemic in West Africa could spread , experts say . The rights of these health workers once they return home is governed by U.S. guidelines and health laws that ultimately favor states over the federal government . The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention now requires greater symptom monitoring of doctors and nurses returning from West Africa , but stops short of requiring any type of quarantine , according to new rules implemented this week . States have the power to exceed those CDC guidelines , and some do . "  We have a federal system in this country in which states are given significant authority for governing their constituents . That is certainly true when it comes to public safety and public health , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said this week . "  What we believe is important -- and I think this is a view that is shared by governors and local officials across the country -- is that these kinds of policies should be driven by science and the best scientific advice that is available . " The humanitarian group Doctors Without Borders , for which Hickox worked while in West Africa , condemned "  blanket forced quarantine for health care workers returning from Ebola affected countries , " the organization said this week . "  Such a measure is not based upon established medical science , " the group said . The group supports "  scientifically grounded monitoring " for homeward-bound aid workers , which "  is in accordance with the recommendations of public health experts . " The virus is spread through the direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infectious person -- that is , someone who shows symptoms of the virus -- and with surfaces and materials contaminated with those fluids . People remain infectious as long as their blood and bodily fluids contain the virus , and men can still transmit the virus through breast milk and semen for up to seven weeks after they recover from the disease , the World Health Organization says . How the Ebola virus spreads Division among supporters To demonstrate how the Hickox case can divide even the most sympathetic supporters , the freelance NBC cameraman who was a former Ebola patient endorsed Hickox 's declarations that she has a human and constitutional right to exit her home and roam the outdoors . But would Ashoka Mukpo make that choice himself in the aftermath of his recovery from Ebola ? Not entirely , he said . Even though the cameraman is now free of the virus , he recently chose not to visit a Halloween gathering because he did n't want to provoke public anxiety at a jack-o ' - lantern exhibition attended by more 8,000 people . "  You know , I just worry about making people uncomfortable . I think I need a couple of weeks out of the hospital where I really can say , look , I 've been fine for three weeks , " Mukpo told CNN . Ashoka Mukpo : Ebola ` more intense than anything ' Mukpo 's concern has a precedent : When NBC chief medical editor Dr. Nancy Snyderman violated a precautionary 21-day quarantine to reportedly obtain takeout food , she provoked public outrage . That anger was expressed on Snyderman 's Facebook page . "  It is quite obvious that Snyderman is an arrogant and egotistical woman who has no concern/regard for anyone but herself , " one man wrote . "  I hope this does n't just ` blow over ' in a month and NBC does n't allow you to return to your position as chief medical correspondent , " one woman wrote . Snyderman later apologized for how members of her team , which had visited Ebola-infected Liberia , "  violated " quarantine guidelines . Court challenge Mary Mayhew , Maine 's health commissioner , has said the process to seek a court order imposing a quarantine on Hickox has already begun . It 's not entirely clear which side would win that court battle , partly because Ebola is regarded as a menace with no established cure and partly because there 's no evidence that Hickox has the disease , let alone a symptom suggesting it , experts say . Under the U.S. Constitution , states have the authority over public health issues , except at international airports and seaports , where the federal government has jurisdiction , said attorney Steven Gravely , who wrote Virginia 's quarantine laws . "  We quarantine folks who have been exposed to a communicable disease , but who are not yet infected , " Gravely said . "  The goal is to try to keep people who have been exposed , who may or may not be sick , from infecting other people . And so there 's a sound basis for quarantine medically , but there 's a lot of debate about whether -- what New York and New Jersey did was really appropriate . " Science vs. politics Hickox 's attorneys contend there is no medical evidence that Hickox has any sign of Ebola . She 's therefore no threat to society , her attorneys say . Rather , Maine 's effort to seek a mandatory quarantine is based on politics , not science , said one of Hickox 's attorneys , Normal Siegel . "  This should not be directed and led by the politicians . It should be led by the medical community , " Siegel said . "  The government ca n't take away your liberty unless there is a compelling basis for it . " The absence of any illness in Hickox is among the more salient facets of the expected court case , said CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said . "  Maine has a law , like all states have law , that say people with contagious diseases can be forced in quarantine , " Toobin said . "  The legal question ... is whether her condition , in perfectly good health without symptoms , counts as something that is covered by the law . That is a hard legal question because judges usually defer to public health authorities about their sense of risk . "  But here every scientific expert says that people without symptoms are not contagious , " Toobin added . "  I think this is going to be a very hard legal problem unless her lawyers and the state of Maine can work out some sort of compromise . " Complete coverage on Ebola	Nation struggles with how to handle workers returning from Africa 's Ebola zone Some states are ordering 21-day quarantines for any returning workers Obama and CDC discourage quarantines , seek to allay fears At stake is the fight against Ebola itself , advocates say
CNN  -- A lone bugler sounding the traditional military farewell "  Last Post " marked the arrival Wednesday in the Netherlands of the first dead from the crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . The grieving nation then held a moment of silence to honor those killed in the crash of the jetliner , downed last week by a suspected surface-to-air missile over war-torn eastern Ukraine . In a ceremony rich with martial symbolism -- from saluting soldiers to the haunting tune used to send war dead to their rest -- 40 simple wooden caskets were solemnly unloaded from two military planes . Soldiers then walked them to waiting hearses and lowered them inside before rendering a final salute . The only sounds were the hushed orders of soldiers and a whipping wind . A long line of hearses , accompanied by police , carried the remains slowly toward a Dutch military base in Hilversum , where forensic investigators will begin the grim work of identifying them . Thousands of Dutch residents lined roads and overpasses along parts of the route to pay respects to the dead . Some applauded as the hearses finally passed through the base gates , some tossed flowers on the vehicles . Others stood silently , red-eyed . "  The Netherlands are in shock , and Hilversum , as well , " said the city 's mayor , Pieter Broertjes . Harun Calehr , whose two nephews were among the 298 people killed in the crash , called the ceremony "  very moving and a beautiful tribute . " "  It feels like we 're just a big grieving family , and that somewhat helps in coping with this horrible , devastating event , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . Shane Hattingh watched the procession on TV in South Africa , still wondering where the remains of his brother-in-law , Cameron Dalziel , might be . "  It 's totally surreal . It was the weirdest feeling , knowing that my brother-in-law could be in one of those caskets . I just found myself wanting him to be there , but at the same time , that 's too selfish , " Hattingh said , adding that he hopes the victims who were children were the ones landing in the Netherlands first . Hattingh said his sister , Cameron 's wife , also watched the procession . "  She 's destroyed , " he said , and her son has said his whole body is sore from crying . At this point , he said , his family only knows that Cameron , a helicopter rescue pilot who had recently moved to Malaysia with his family , was sitting in business class on Flight 17 -- a part of the plane that reportedly did n't sustain as much damage . "  We can only hope that things will work out for us , and we can get Cameron home and start the grieving process . ... My sister , she has no hope . It 's about putting the left foot in front of the right , " he said . The somber ceremony in Eindhoven followed a moving and meaningful send-off in Ukraine . There , white-gloved Ukrainian soldiers respectfully carried the bodies of the victims to the aircraft that flew them home to a waiting Dutch king and queen on the nation 's official day of mourning . The honors afforded the remains contrasted sharply with how they were first treated in death -- blown out of the sky , then allowed to remain exposed to the elements for days . In some cases , furious Dutch officials say , they were stripped of their personal belongings . Of the 298 people who died aboard Flight 17 , 193 were Dutch citizens , and it was impossible to miss the signs that the Netherlands was a nation in mourning Wednesday . Flags were flown at half-staff , and the nation 's iconic windmills were placed in "  mourning position " with wings tilted to the right . Courts suspended all trials , and even commercials were pulled from Dutch television and radio . Buses and trains were to stop on roads nationwide during the moment of silence , and landings at Amsterdam 's Schipol airport were paused as a sign of respect . In the evening , hundreds attended a memorial service at St. Joris church in Amersfoort . "  Love will win . Light will break through , " one relative of a family killed in the crash told mourners . The commemorations come amid continued confusion over who shot the plane down , and why , and what may have happened to the evidence where the plane fell to fields deep in eastern Ukrainian territory controlled by pro-Russian rebels . "  There is a lot of anger . This was a crime , and people want to make sure that this crime is being solved , " said Eelco Bosch van Rosenthal , a Dutch journalist who covered Wednesday 's ceremony . "  But today was really a day for grief , and I think tomorrow and the next few days , then that 's really a new phase starting . " ` Black boxes ' arrive in UK It took days for Ukrainian rebels who control the area of the crash site to hand over the bodies and the airliner 's black boxes to Malaysian officials . Now , the bodies are at a Dutch military base , and the voice and flight data recorders are in Britain for what will be a detailed scouring by international analysts . Investigators Wednesday found that the cockpit voice recorder was damaged , but its memory was intact . There was no sign of tampering . But Dutch crash investigators leading the inquiry said Wednesday they still do n't have everything they need . "  At the time of writing , the investigators have not yet been able to visit the site of the crash and conduct their investigation under safe conditions , " the Dutch Safety Board said in a statement Wednesday . "  In order to conduct an effective investigation , the investigators must have the opportunity to move around the entire investigation site freely , investigate materials and traces from up close and secure them for further study where necessary , " the board said . "  At present , the investigators ' safety has not been guaranteed . " Instead , investigators are working in Kiev and in the Netherlands using photos and other sources of information , the board said . Given conditions at the crash site , which sits essentially in the middle of a war zone , it 's impossible to say when investigators might get the access they want . A British security source expressed concern to CNN 's Max Foster on Wednesday about potential debris-tampering at the crash site . Conversations intercepted by Ukrainian intelligence , which British security officials find persuasive , include separatists stating that they had possession of an SA-11  Buk missile system  as early as Monday , July 14 , the source said . The separatists were also talking about moving bodies , passing black boxes to Russia and a plan to scatter parts of other aircraft on the site , according to the source . And while the black boxes are now in the hands of skilled investigators who are working hard to unspool the crucial information contained in them , it may take weeks for that analysis to yield results , the safety board said . Similarly , work to identify the bodies may take weeks or even months , Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said . Some bodies unaccounted for Officials gave conflicting reports about how many bodies were on the train that carried them from the crash site to the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv , where they left for the Netherlands on Wednesday . And it was unclear how many bodies were inside the 40 caskets transported to the Netherlands . Malaysian official Mohd Sakri , who traveled on the train with the remains , said there were 282 corpses and 87 body parts aboard -- the same tally Ukrainian officials earlier gave to describe the remains recovered from the crash site . But Dutch investigators only confirmed there were at least 200 bodies transported from the crash site , said Jan Tuinder , head of the Dutch delegation . Another Dutch official said investigators were still going through the train cars and it was possible that all the crash victims were on the train . But officials said Monday that at the least , the bodies of 16 people were still unaccounted for . Their remains may still be scattered across a debris field spanning several miles . As they combed the crash site on Wednesday , monitors from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe and Malaysian experts searched for human remains . They spotted some in one location , he said . "  There 's a lot of heavy debris still out there , " spokesman Michael Bociurkiw said , "  and we 're not quite sure what could be underneath . " The crash site was eerily calm on Wednesday . "  It 's like everyone picked up and left , " he said . A team of about 15 observers and Malaysian experts are doing everything they can , he said . "  But we feel somewhat on our own right now , " Bociurkiw said . "  And as I 've said many times , there are people far better placed and trained than we are to do this very specialized type of work . " Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russian rebels ? Ukrainian President : The world must choose sides So much we do n't know -- five unanswered questions Who were the victims ? Should jet have flown over Ukraine ? Michael Pearson and Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Catherine E. Shoichet , Phil Black , Bharati Naik , Barbara Starr , Mick Krever , Stephanie Halasz , Carol Jordan , David Molko and Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report .	NEW : At crash site , observer says , "  it 's like everyone picked up and left " "  There 's a lot of anger , but today was really a day for grief , " Dutch journalist says Victim 's brother-in-law says watching procession from afar was surreal The bodies arrive at a Dutch military base for forensic analysis
CNN  -- Birmingham , Alabama -- a city with a long history of racial strife -- has been shaken by the release this week of a video recording showing a group of white police officers hitting an African-American man accused of attempting to steal a car . Travarious Daniel , 29 , was arrested outside a nightclub in downtown Birmingham shortly after 1 a.m. on March 20 . Video of the arrest shows Daniel , his hands raised in the air , briefly staggering down a sidewalk before being tackled and struck multiple times in the back of the head . A photo published by the Birmingham News shows Daniel with a bandage over a swollen eye after his arrest . Two officers have been placed on paid administrative leave pending the result of an internal investigation , according to Gayle Gear , an attorney for the local Fraternal Order of Police . Calls to the Birmingham 's police department were not immediately returned Friday . Daniel has been charged with unlawful breaking and entering of a vehicle and receiving stolen property . But it is the allegation of police brutality that is drawing attention . "  A group of white policemen and my client is a black victim . Do the math , " said Charles Salvagio , Daniel 's attorney . "  It 's very sad that this is being cast as a racial matter , " Gear replied . "  The police department is color-blind . This is not a racial matter . Not at all . " Salvagio said the video , which he released to the media , came from the nightclub 's security camera . Daniel works at the club and obtained the video . Birmingham Mayor William Bell -- himself an African-American -- is withholding judgment until the results of an internal investigation . "  The mayor is very disturbed at the video and the images , " said Chuck Faush , Bell 's chief of staff . But "  there is due process and we will wait to find out the facts . " Faush told CNN the city had been examining the possibility of increased mandatory training on issues related to law enforcement and race before Daniel 's arrest . The city has also been reaching out to local faith-based and other civic leaders to encourage closer ties . "  This heightens what we 're trying to do , " he said . Gear called the mayor "  reasonable " and said the police welcome the idea of increased training . But Bell "  does not have a law enforcement background , " she noted . The video showing Daniel being hit does n't tell the whole story , Gear said . She noted that the officers were initially forced to chase Daniel -- who has prior felony convictions -- and that in dealing with a suspect , holding the hands in the air can sometimes be interpreted as an act of defiance . Most people "  see the gentleman with his hands in the air and they think he 's giving up , " she said . But defendants are told to drop to the ground , and "  if you resist , there will be action taken by the police . " "  They used only the force necessary to  ensure  an arrest , " she asserted . Salvagio dismissed Gear 's claim . "  We have a defense to this , and they know we do , " he said . The video is "  clear evidence there are some bad apples in the police department . " Salvagio said Daniel intends to file a lawsuit against the police department . Daniel 's first court hearing on the car theft charge is scheduled for April 11 . The mayor 's office declined to discuss the possible broader racial ramifications of the case . Birmingham , Alabama 's largest city , was the center of the civil rights movement that reverberated through the United States and beyond in the 1950s and 1960s . The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was arrested in the city for taking part in a peaceful demonstration , and penned the now-famous "  Letter from Birmingham Jail , " an open letter in which he spelled out his justifications for civil disobedience : " ... one has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws . " The city also suffered the scars of racially motivated bombings during those turbulent years , most notably a blast at the 16th Street Baptist Church that killed four black girls in 1963 . The Civil Rights Act , which outlawed racial segregation , was signed by President Lyndon B. Johnson the following year . Still , Birmingham has worked hard to rebuild its infrastructure and its image . In recent years , it has adopted "  The Diverse City " moniker , "  recognizing the city 's undeniable civil rights heritage while promoting its diversified destinations " as the Birmingham Business Journal once put it . Bell , the mayor , plans to be in Atlanta on Monday as one of the recipients of an award from the Southern Christian Leadership Conference . The "  Keeper of the Dream " award -- an allusion to King 's historic "  I Have a Dream " speech -- is given to those who work toward improving equality and justice . In Birmingham , "  we embrace our past , but we only use it to build our future , " Faush said . CNN 's Samira J. Simone contributed to this report .	Travarious Daniel , 29 , was arrested on March 20 for allegedly breaking into a car Daniel was struck repeatedly in the course of the arrest Daniel is black ; the officers involved in the arrest are white The incident occurred in Birmingham , Alabama -- a city with a history of racial strife
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A man has been arrested in connection with the July shooting death of former boxing champion Vernon Forrest , Atlanta police said Tuesday night . Vernon Forrest , seen in September , was killed July 25 near an Atlanta gas station . Demario Ware , 20 , turned himself in to police on Tuesday and is being held in the Fulton County jail on charges of murder , armed robbery and aggravated assault , Atlanta police said . Forrest , 38 , was shot in a neighborhood southwest of downtown Atlanta on the night of July 25 . Police and his longtime manager have said Forrest was robbed , leading to a confrontation in which he was shot several times . Forrest died of multiple gunshot wounds to the torso and thigh , the Fulton County Medical Examiner 's Office said . Information on what led police to suspect Ware in Forrest 's death was n't immediately available . The case still is under investigation , said Officer J. Polite Jr. , Atlanta police spokesman . Forrest 's longtime friend and manager , Charles Watson , said last month that Forrest was returning from the gym after a late workout when he and his godson stopped at a Southwest Atlanta gas station on the night Forrest was shot . While Forrest was at the gas station , a man snatched his wallet out of his hand after asking him for money , said Watson , who spoke to police and the godson . Atlanta police told CNN affiliate WSB-TV in July that Forrest chased the suspect and that gunfire was exchanged . Forrest was the International Boxing Council junior welterweight champion in 1995 , the World Boxing Council continental welterweight champion in 1997 , the North American Boxing Federation welterweight champion from 1998 to 2000 , the International Boxing Federation welterweight champion in 2001 , the WBC welterweight champion in 2002-2003 , and the WBC light welterweight champion in 2007-2008 and 2008-2009 , according to the BoxRec Web site . He was named the World Boxing Hall of Fame fighter of the year in 2002 , according to BoxRec . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Police : Man , 20 , arrested Tuesday in connection with July killing of Vernon Forrest Forrest , 38 , was robbed and then shot during confrontation , Atlanta police say Police : Suspect held on charges of murder , armed robbery and aggravated assault Forrest was former welterweight and light middleweight boxing champion
Believe it or not , it has been almost a year since the birth of Prince George Alexander Louis , the son of Britain 's Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge , the former Kate Middleton . The baby is third in line to the British throne , behind his father and his grandfather , Prince Charles . Ahead of his first birthday on July 22 , three new photos are being released by the UK 's Press Association . One , showing the smallest royal dressed in blue and taking a step , was released on Saturday . The Press Association promises two more pictures Monday . Here are five interesting things you might not know about the royal tyke . 1 . Baby George had a low-key birth , relatively speaking . As the Duchess of Cambridge went into labor , Prince William drove her to the hospital in an unmarked minivan -- with minimal security and without a royal entourage -- from Kensington Palace to the back entrance of Saint Mary 's Hospital . Even more down-to-earth ? The announcement of Prince George 's birth first came through e-mail and Twitter . It was truly a digital moment , according to CNN 's Max Foster , who reported live from the hospital that day . The duchess , with Prince William present , delivered the baby boy at 4:24 p.m. . He weighed 8 pounds and 6 ounces . The couple later announced he would be known as His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge . Prince William 's first interview as a dad What 's in a royal name ? 2 . His early days were not spent at the royal palace . Despite the tradition that royal newborns spend their first days inside palace walls , Prince George spent his at the duchess ' family home in the village of Bucklebury . The decision was reportedly met with protest from the highest ranks in the royal family , including Queen Elizabeth II . Though there was a colossal security presence outside the home , inside it remained just the family . Kate 's mother , Carole Middleton , took on the all-important role of royal nanny while her father , Michael , became the royal photographer . But the intimate family setting did not last long -- Prince William was back to work with the Royal Air Force by August 15 . 3 . Prince George has a special connection with Princess Diana . Prince George 's christening was held on October 23 at the Chapel Royal at St. James 's Palace . That location was no coincidence ; it was where the body of Prince William 's mother , Princess Diana , lay at rest in the days leading up to her funeral in 1997 . The event also set the stage for the epic portrait of Queen Elizabeth and her three direct heirs , Princes Charles , William and George . It was the first time a reigning Queen and three generations of heirs were photographed together in more than 100 years . 4 . He has a supernanny . While Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge are busy with royal obligations , Prince George is cared for by what some would call a supernanny . Spanish-born Maria Teresa Turrion Borallo was trained at the prestigious and selective Norland College in England , which specializes in training nannies . There she learned everything from basic child care to defensive driving and even self-defense . This nanny not only has to handle diaper changes , she also has to worry about potential kidnap attempts and invasive paparazzi . 5 . In his first year , he 's embarked on an international tour and made quite the fashion statement . Prince George has had a lot of firsts this year , and many of them were in the public eye . The royal baby tagged along in April with his mom and dad on their first family trip abroad in New Zealand and Australia . The 9-month-old followed in the footsteps of his father , who was the first heir to be brought along on a royal trip at such a young age when his own parents toured Australia and New Zealand in 1983 . After his overseas adventures , the public saw Prince George once again on Father 's Day . But instead of the spotlight shining on his doting dad it was once again on baby George , who took his first steps in public , carefully holding on to his mom for balance . Not only that , the overalls he was wearing immediately sold out worldwide . Three pivotal pictures from the royal tour	Photos being released days ahead of birthday Prince William drove Duchess of Cambridge to hospital in unmarked minivan Christening took place at chapel where Princess Diana 's body lay ahead of her funeral The royal baby 's nanny has been trained in self-defense
CNN  -- Former top Pakistani military officers Sunday called for Pakistan 's former strongman to be allowed back without facing arrest and condemned what they called the "  bashing " of the country 's armed forces . More than 100 former officers , most of them generals and admirals , signed their names to a letter calling for Pervez Musharraf to be allowed to return to Pakistan "  and contest elections according to democratic norms . " The retired brass included the retired Gen. Muhammad Aziz Khan , once the head of Pakistan 's joint chiefs of staff during part of Musharraf 's rule , and Adm. Shahid Karimullah , who served as head of the navy under Musharraf . "  We feel that Gen.  R  Pervez Musharraf should be provided with a level playing field in the political arena and also provided protocol and security as befits any ex-president of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan , " wrote the officers , who have formed a group they called "  Pakistan First . " Musharraf , who seized power in a 1999 coup , has been living in London and Dubai since resigning in 2008 . He had announced plans to return from exile in late January and run in upcoming elections -- but his party said he was reassessing those plans when Pakistan 's elected government warned that if he returned , he faced arrest in connection with the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . A U.N. report in 2010 accused Musharraf 's government of failing to protect Bhutto , who had returned to Pakistan from her own exile to run for office . Musharraf has denied the allegations , arguing that Bhutto had police protection and took unnecessary risks , but a Pakistani court issued a warrant for his arrest . Bhutto 's widower , Asif Ali Zardari , is now Pakistan 's president . If Musharraf were to return , he would be walking into the middle of a public squabble between Pakistan 's civilian and uniformed leadership that was sparked by a memo that allegedly asked for U.S. help to rein in the military . In Sunday 's letter , the ex-generals said they opposed the "  bashing " of Pakistan 's army and its powerful Inter-Services Intelligence agency . "  We feel that erosion of these institutions can only lead to weakening of Pakistan 's position as a sovereign and proud nation , " they wrote . "  This forum feels that while all state institutions must be allowed to function within the purview of their respective roles , the demands of national dignity and state security dictate that all organs of the state as well as the media persistently raise and maintain the prestige and morale of the nation and its armed forces , both at home and abroad . " Zardari faces his own legal problems . His prime minister , Yousuf Raza Gilani , appeared before Pakistan 's supreme court Thursday in a battle over corruption cases facing the president and other officials , telling reporters the president has "  full immunity " from prosecution under an amnesty granted by Musharraf before Zardari and Bhutto returned in 2007 . In 2009 , the justices ruled that amnesty was unconstitutional and called on the government to reopen the cases . The government has not done so , and the court has cited Gilani for contempt .	Musharraf has been living in exile in London and Dubai since resigning in 2008 He announced plans to return to Pakistan later this month The current government has warned he faces arrest if he returns
CNN  -- A Jetstar flight with 203 passengers and crew aboard landed safely in Guam early Thursday after a fire broke out in the plane 's cockpit , the airline said . A JetStar passenger jet takes off from Changi Airport in Singapore in this 2007 photo . "  It is understood there was smoke in the cockpit followed by the right hand cockpit window area catching fire before being extinguished " about four hours into the flight , according to a statement from Jetstar . Flight 20 was en route from Osaka to Australia 's Gold Coast when the problems developed . The plane was an Airbus A330 -- the same model as the Air France plane from Rio de Janeiro to Paris plunged into the sea with 228 passengers and crew on board last week . A replacement jetliner was set to retrieve the passengers and take them to Brisbane International Airport . The fire in the Jetstar plane follows a similar incident in the cabin of an American Airlines Boeing 767 on Tuesday evening . Flight 64 was on its way from New York to Zurich , Switzerland , when "  some kind of fire " broke out , forcing the landing in Nova Scotia , a representative of the airline said . There were no injuries and the flight later continued to Switzerland with a replacement aircraft .	Jetstar flight 20 was en route from Osaka to Australia 's Gold Coast ; is Airbus A330 Separate American Airlines Boeing 767 also has forced landing after fire breaks out No injuries reported on that flight ; passengers take replacement plane
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Ministry of Defense has released files on UFO sightings dating back to the 1970s , including witness accounts and the government 's response . The ministry on Wednesday released the files as part of a four-year project to transfer all of the UFO documents to the National Archives to make them available to curious members of the public . The documents include hundreds of police reports taken from witnesses who describe seeing lights or strange objects in the sky , from southern England and Wales up to Northern Ireland . The files released Wednesday cover 1978 to 1987 . The rest , dating from the 1950s and covering recent history , will be released over the coming years . Reported sightings typically describe various shapes and colors of lights , moving in formation or hovering in the sky . Witnesses reported orange , red , white and green lights that were diamond-shaped , square , or cigar-shaped . They reported them to police , who have a standard 16-question form specifically for UFO sightings . "  The vast majority of them are just ordinary people who 've seen something unusual and thought that they ought to tell someone about it , " said David Clarke , a professor at Sheffield Hallam University and a UFO expert who worked with the National Archives on the project . In one sighting in January 1985 , a man near Cardiff , Wales , was closing his living room curtains when he saw an object in the sky . He said it moved "  up and down like a bouncing ball , " then disappeared behind a mountain . Two police officers in Woking , south of London , reported seeing a white light in the sky on Christmas morning 1985 . The light , they said , moved into the nearby area of Horsell , where author H.G. Wells had placed the Martian landing in his book , "  War of the Worlds . " The person who took the report noted the officers were aware of the connection , writing , "  Genuine report . Two competent officers slightly embarrassed  Horsell Common features in H.G. Wells  . " Two other police officers in Edgware , north London , reported seeing an object in the sky in June 1984 . They viewed it with binoculars for an hour and sketched a picture , showing a white sphere with a ring of blue and red lights . "  The object moved erratically from side to side , up and down and to and fro , not venturing far from its original position , " the officers wrote . Other reports came from stunned members of the public , pilots , and members of the military . The Ministry of Defense said it examined the reports and held onto the records solely to determine whether enemy aircraft had infiltrated British airspace . Once it was determined that no enemy aircraft were in the sky , it did not investigate further . Watch why the ministry is revealing what it knows about UFOs " "  The Ministry of Defense has no other interest or role regarding UFO matters and does not consider questions regarding the existence or otherwise of extraterrestrial life-forms , " it said Wednesday . That leaves many of the incidents simply unexplained , such as an April 1984 report made by a senior air traffic controller at an unidentified airfield . The controller was bringing in a light aircraft for landing when he noticed a series of lights appearing to come down on another runway . The crew of the incoming plane radioed that they saw the lights , too . All reported that they saw the lights come down "  at speed , " touch down , and disappear . "  They were so concerned about this , they filed an official report , " Clarke said . "  But what was the thing that they saw ? There 's no evidence from the papers that any further investigations were done and it remains a mystery . " In 1979 , two years after Steven Spielberg 's alien-visitation movie "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind , " reports of strange sightings had increased and the House of Lords decided to hold a debate on UFOs . One of the documents released Wednesday is a detailed briefing prepared by the Ministry of Defense for the debate , and it sheds light on the military 's position on the matter . "  There is nothing to indicate that ufology  the study of UFOs  is anything but claptrap and no evidence at all of ` alien space craft , ' " read the briefing , prepared by the ministry for Lord Strabolgi , then government chief whip . At least one report in the files has since been explained , however . A report from August 1985 details the crop circles that two army officers found in a wheat field in Andover , in southern England . They noted one large circle surrounded by four smaller ones , all perfectly round with the wheat pressed down in a clockwise direction . No tracks led up to the circles , they said . The farmer called the army officers because he thought the Army Air Corps had created the circles , but the officers said they were stumped . "  None of us could offer any reasonable explanation , " they wrote . It is now known that the crop circles were some of many created by two hoaxers named Doug Bowers and Dave Chorley , according to Clarke . "  Doug and Dave , " as they were called , came forward in 1990 to say they created the circles with a garden roller and planks of wood , Clarke said . "  We now know that this particular circle near Andover was one of the ones that was created as a hoax by these two men , " he said .	British Ministry of Defense releases files on UFO sightings dating back to 1970s The documents include witness accounts and the government 's response Ministry says ufology is "  claptrap " and no evidence at all of alien space craft It held onto records to determine if enemy aircraft had infiltrated UK airspace
New Delhi  CNN  -- Police in the Maldives arrested the Indian Ocean nation 's former president Mohamed Nasheed on Monday after he did n't show up for a trial over accusations against him of abuse of power . His arrest is the latest twist in the political turmoil this year that has shaken the Maldives , a popular tourist destination consisting of hundreds of coral islands south of India . Read more : The Maldives - Trouble in paradise The authorities took Nasheed into custody at around 9:45 a.m. local time while he was campaigning on a remote island of the archipelago for upcoming presidential elections , according to police and the former president 's Maldivian Democratic Party  MDP  . "  We believe Nasheed 's arrest is politically motivated , aimed solely at preventing him from campaigning ahead of the presidential elections , " Ahmed Naseem , who served as foreign minister under Nasheed , said in a statement on the party 's website . Nasheed , the predominantly Muslim nation 's first democratically elected president , resigned in February amid a police revolt prompted by his arrest of a top criminal court judge . Read more : Maldives tense after day of street violence The former president and his supporters say he was forced from office at gunpoint in a coup orchestrated by his political opponents . But his successor and former vice president , Mohammed Waheed Hassan , insists the transfer of power was legitimate . The Maldives Police Service say the trial at the Hulhumale Court relates to Nasheed 's arrest of Criminal Court Chief Judge Abdulla Mohamed earlier this year . The court issued the arrest warrant Sunday to ensure Nasheed attends the next hearing of the case , police said . Read more : Maldives ' deposed president faces arrest as wife flees to Sri Lanka Nasheed said last week that he had n't received a court summons requiring him to attend the next hearing . He said he had written to the court to request that the hearing be rescheduled until after his planned return to the capital , Male , on Oct. 13 . But the authorities were unwilling to wait and arrested Nasheed on the southern island of Fares-Maathoda on Monday . Photos made available by the MDP showed him surrounded by more than a dozen police officers wearing helmets and body armor . Naseem , the former foreign minister , accused the police of using "  disproportionate force " to arrest Nasheed . "  They landed on this tiny island dressed in full SWAT gear and carrying weapons , " he said . "  They behaved aggressively , and sometimes violently , towards Nasheed 's supporters . " Read more : Former Maldives president beaten , his party says Nasheed and the MDP have questioned the legitimacy of the trial , saying that judges in the Maldives had been upset by the party 's campaign for judicial reform . "  It is impossible for any MDP Member , let alone President Nasheed to get a fair trial here , " Hamid Abdul Ghafoor , a party spokesman , said last month . Nasheed is already familiar with the Maldives ' courts and prisons . Prior to becoming president , he was arrested as a journalist several times and held as a political prisoner . Read more : Maldives president resigns after police revolt He was a fierce critic of the former president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom , who ruled the Maldives for 30 years before Nasheed defeated him in elections in 2008 . Nasheed accused Gayoom of running the country with an iron fist , crushing dissent , amassing wealth and stacking his administration with friends and relatives . But Gayoom is still considered a hero by many in Maldives who credit him for transforming a fishing culture into a tourist nation . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi , and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong .	A court has issued an arrest warrant for ex-president Mohamed Nasheed Police arrest him while he campaigns for upcoming elections Nasheed and his supporters say he was forced from power in a coup in February But the authorities want him to stand trial over allegations of abuse of power
CNN  -- A North Carolina poultry company is recalling approximately 4,000 pounds of cooked chicken breasts that may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes . The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Friday that the House of Raeford Farms , based in Rose Hill , North Carolina , recalled 18 - to 22-pound boxes containing two 9 - to 11-pound "  boneless oven roasted chicken breasts " per box . Consumers should look for serial number "  P-239A " inside the USDA mark of inspection , along with a product code of "  94268 " and a package date of "  1270 "  September 27 , 2011  . The products were shipped to delicatessens and food service institutions for further processing in Florida , Georgia , North Carolina and South Carolina , according to a USDA press release . The problem was discovered after a customer 's laboratory sample of the chicken tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes , according to the USDA statement . Neither the department 's Food Safety and Inspection Service nor the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have received any reports of illness due to consumption of these products . Listeria monocytogenes can cause listeriosis , an uncommon but potentially fatal disease . It is rarely found in healthy people . However , it can cause high fever , severe headache , neck stiffness and nausea . In extreme cases , listeriosis can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths , as well as serious and sometimes fatal infections , especially in people with poor immune systems . Anyone concerned about being sick should contact a health care provider , the USDA said . According to the USDA , the best way to avoid listeriosis is to wash your hands with warm , soapy water before and after handling raw meat or poultry . Also wash cutting boards , utensils and dishes with hot , soapy water . Using separate cutting boards for raw meat , poultry , vegetables and egg products also prevents cross-contamination .	The cooked chicken breasts may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes Look for serial number "  P-239A , " product code "  94268 " and package date "  1270 " Listeria monocytogenes can cause listeriosis , an uncommon but potentially fatal disease
CNN  -- Nobody found out who shot J.R. on Facebook . And none of us first saw Bob Newhart wake up with Suzanne Pleshette in an Instagram photo . But that was then and this , in all its Tivo , Twitter and Hulu-centric glory , is now . In 2014 , technology has handed us unprecedented flexibility in how we keep up with our favorite shows . But it 's also making it harder than ever to avoid walking headlong into spoilers . One social-media click , and you can spoil some of television 's biggest moments for other people who may be enjoying the same shows at a more leisurely pace . Despite the wealth of tech-driven options for watching and sharing TV , we still ca n't seem to agree on the proper etiquette for how to chat online about it without ruining it for somebody else . Some of us count ourselves among the No Spoiler Extremists : "  Enjoyed the show ? Well , shut up about it , unless you know you 're talking with  or typing to  someone else who 's already seen it . " Full disclosure : That 's coming from someone who , as an excitable lad , responded to a question about "  Return of the Jedi , " with , "  It was great ! But Yoda dies . " At the other end of the spectrum is the Not My Problem Brigade : "  Do n't want to be spoiled ? Then watch the show when it airs or stay off social media until you do . Daryl 's hair on ` The Walking Dead ' is particularly luscious tonight and I must tell the world ! " Then there are all the other folks who fall somewhere in the middle . So , let 's try to find a happy medium , shall we ? Here are some tips for both the potential spoiler and the potential spoilee to help keep all of us TV watchers spoiler-free . Twitter If you 're a spoiler : Go there . Unlike other social platforms , we 've all pretty much agreed that Twitter is where you go to talk about TV shows while they 're happening . Just log on during the Super Bowl , the Oscars , a presidential debate or any other big TV event and you 'll see why CEO Dick Costolo said the site is saving live television . Sure , we 've got all that tech that lets us watch later . But part of the fun for the Web 's most dedicated couch potatoes has become watching Twitter 's real-time chatter about their favorite shows . If you 're a spoilee : Do n't go there . You 've been warned . Seriously . The place is a 140-character wild , wild West . If you follow anyone who likes the same shows you do  and why would you not ?  , do n't log on until you 're caught up . ` Spoiler alert ' If you 're a spoiler : Use these . What a difference two little words can make . We know that most of you are n't the jackasses who ran around bookstore parking lots yelling "  Snape kills Dumbledore ! " You do n't want to ruin the surprise for folks who have n't seen it . You just want to talk to folks who have . On Facebook , throwing something like "  SPOILER ALERT " or "  GAME OF THRONES SPOILER " at the beginning of your post gives your friends at least a fighting chance to avert their eyes . If you 're a spoilee : Scan carefully We 've all been blindsided by spoilers , and sometimes there 's not much you can do about it . Witness all the "  Downton " fans who were hopping mad after accidentally learning of the sudden death of a beloved character  two characters , actually  in season 3 . But if you know you 're currently missing a show that you plan to catch up on , especially if it 's a season finale or other "  very special " episode , surf with one eye open . Noticing a key word or two in a friend 's post that warns of unfamiliar terrain can give you time to turn around and read elsewhere . Details , details If you 're a spoiler : Save details for the comments section . We 're mainly talking about Facebook here . Nobody blames you for wanting to talk about the "  OMG THAT JUST HAPPENED ! " moment . So how about something like this ? : "  SCANDAL -- OMG that just happened !!!  Spoilers in comments  . " That way , your friends who are OMGing along with you can head to the comments and chatter away .  And , yes , we 're declaring "  OMG " a verb for now  . If you 're a spoilee : Uh , do n't read the comments . Seriously . If you ca n't take that hint , you 've kind of lost our sympathy here . Take it elsewhere If you 're a spoiler : Create your own space to share My pals Chris and Kathleen are funny . And they 're fans of "  The Walking Dead . " In what started mostly as an effort to crack each other up from across the room , they began posting snarky commentary , random observations and funny pictures to Facebook as they watched . Until , that is , they received the obligatory threats of physical harm from friends who had n't yet watched the latest episode . And , thus , was Chris & Kathleen 's Walking Dead Commentary Page born . You do n't need a massive following to create your own page , or to start your own live blog dedicated to your favorite show . Just go ahead and build that digital treehouse , then invite a few friends you know want to play and let it rip . Your slowpoke friends will thank you . As will , you know , what 's her name . The blonde one . If you 're a spoilee : Stay away If you 've signed up for a blog like this , and have to miss an episode , do n't forget to stay off it until the coast is clear . Do you have tips for how to avoid spoilers , or how to chat about your favorite shows without ruining them for others ? Let us know in the comments .	In the digital age , it 's easier than ever to stumble across spoilers DVRs , streaming mean we do n't all consume TV shows at the same time Consider "  spoiler alert " tags or keeping details in the comments Tweeter beware : Twitter is acknowledged as a place to talk live TV
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Geeta was 9 when she began wearing makeup , staying up until 2 a.m. and having sex with as many as 60 men a day . "  I used to be really sad and frustrated with what was happening in my life , " she said . The daughter of Nepalese peasant farmers , Geeta -- now 26 -- had been sold to a brothel in India by a member of her extended family . The family member had duped Geeta 's visually impaired mother into believing her daughter would get work at a clothing company in Nepal . "  The brothel where I was ... there -LSB- were -RSB- many customers coming in every day . The owner used to verbally abuse us , and if we did n't comply , -LSB- she -RSB- would start beating us with wires , rods and hot spoons . " It was not until Geeta was 14 that a police officer rescued her and brought her to a safe house compound run by Anuradha Koirala . The 61-year-old woman and her group , Maiti Nepal , have been fighting for more than 16 years to rescue and rehabilitate thousands of Nepal 's sex trafficking victims . "  Families are tricked all the time , " said Koirala . "  The trafficking of the girls is done by people who are basically known to the girls , who can lure them from the village by telling them they are getting a nice job . It 's a lucrative business . " By raiding brothels , patrolling the India-Nepal border and providing safe shelter and support services , Koirala and Maiti Nepal have helped rescue and rehabilitate more than 12,000 Nepali women and girls since 1993 . Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ? Nominations are open now According to the U.S. State Department , some 10,000 to 15,000 women and girls from Nepal are trafficked to India and then sexually exploited each year . Koirala 's own history in an abusive relationship led her to her crusade . For most of her young adulthood , she taught primary school English in Nepal . But when her relationship took a violent turn , her life 's "  purpose and responsibility completely changed , " she said . "  Every day , there was battering . And then I had three miscarriages that I think -LSB- were -RSB- from the beating . It was very difficult because I did n't know in those days where to go and report -LSB- it -RSB- , who to ... talk to . " After the relationship ended , Koirala used a portion of her $ 100 monthly salary to start a small retail shop to employ and support displaced victims of sex trafficking and domestic violence . By the early 1990s , an increasing demand for help and persistent cases of violence against women compelled Koirala to do more . Maiti Nepal was her brainchild for giving voice , legal defense and rehabilitation to victims of sex trafficking . Roughly translated , Maiti means "  Mother 's Home . " The group has facilities throughout Nepal and India , but most of the rehabilitation work takes place at its main campus in Kathmandu , Nepal . Koirala said girls from the brothels arrive empty-handed , sick , in many cases pregnant or with small children , and "  psychologically broken . " "  When the girl first comes to Maiti Nepal , we never , never ask them a question . We just let them -LSB- be -RSB- for as long as they need . We let them play , dance , walk , talk to a friend , " Koirala said . "  They are afraid at first , but eventually they will talk to us on their own . " The group also takes in rape and domestic violence survivors , as well as abandoned children . "  I can not say no to anybody , " Koirala said . "  Everybody comes to Maiti Nepal . " Accommodating its population of close to 400 women and children requires a large staff of teachers , counselors and medical personnel -- and dozens of bunk beds . Many of the staff are sex trafficking survivors now committed to helping rehabilitate other girls . The work is funded by grants and donations from around the world . Post-rescue recovery is comprehensive . Maiti Nepal provides medical treatment , psychological and legal counseling , formal court filings and criminal prosecution , all for free . While some of the girls are able to return to their families , many of them -- particularly those with HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases -- become socially stigmatized and are no longer welcome in their home communities . For these girls , Maiti Nepal becomes their new , and possibly last , home . A hospice on the compound 's grounds houses terminally ill patients . "  The hardest part for me is to see a girl dying or coming back with different diseases at an -LSB- age -RSB- when she should be out frolicking , " Koirala said . "  That 's what fuels me to work harder . " The group 's ultimate goal is to help girls become economically independent and reintegrated into society . "  We try to give them whatever work they want to do , whatever training they want to do , because when you 're economically empowered , people forget everything . People even forget -LSB- she is -RSB- HIV-positive or was trafficked , " Koirala said . Koirala and at least 50 trafficking survivors also participate in what she calls social preventive work outside the campus . Their community awareness camps educate families in rural villages and city slums about the dangers of sex trafficking , and a daily patrol at crossing points along the India-Nepal border successfully rescues an average of four Nepali girls a day . "  Our girls are border guards who have been trafficked themselves . They easily recognize a girl that is being trafficked or will be trafficked , " Koirala said . "  The girls need no motivation from me . They know the horrors of the brothel , and they are here to save their sisters . " Some girls who are trafficked choose to remain prostitutes for life because their home villages will not accept them . But Koirala says that among those rescued by Maiti Nepal , there is n't a single case when a girl has returned back to the streets . Geeta 's recovery is one of the group 's success stories . Today , she works at Maiti Nepal as a peer educator and also helps with the group 's awareness camps . She credits Koirala and Maiti Nepal for the strength to keep living and the confidence to join the fight against sex trafficking . "  Anuradha is a hero . ... She 's courageous , " Geeta said . "  She gave me my faith back . ... If Maiti Nepal was n't there for me , I would be dead by now . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Maiti Nepal website and see how to help . CNN 's Gena Somra and Farhad Shadravan contributed to this report .	Group fights to prevent sexual trafficking of Nepal 's women and girls Anuradha Koirala , 61 , started Maiti Nepal following an abusive relationship More than 12,000 Nepali women and girls have been rescued and rehabilitated since 1993 Do you know someone who should be a CNN Hero ? Nominations are open now
CNN  -- People often ask me , especially after another young celebrity takes a fall , "  How did you raise two talented artists , both wonderful fathers , who both do such good work in the world ? "  One of my sons is the actor Matt Damon , the other , Kyle , is a sculptor  . So many young stars seem to struggle and stumble under the pressure of their fame . Why do some handle it well while others go off the rails ? There 's no simple answer to this question . A lot happens in our children 's lives that we parents ca n't control . From the beginning , children come to us with different personalities and temperaments ; they are born into different cultures and economic circumstances . But we parents are the most important influence in their early lives , and what we do affects how our kids learn to handle the stresses life brings , whatever paths their lives take . One dimension of healthy childhood that gives kids a solid footing in life is having lots of child-centered play throughout the early years and even into grade school . Play is the most important vehicle children have for coping with life and making sense of it . Matt played pretend games for hours every day for many years -- making up stories , taking on roles and re-working his experiences in creative ways . Not only did all this play help build a strong sense of inner security in Matt , it also built up his capacity to imagine , create and invent ideas . I believe these years of child-centered play helped Matt become the actor and grounded person he is today . It is of great concern to me that there is less play in children 's lives today than a generation ago . The hours spent in front of screens have replaced playtime outside school , and too much focus on academics and testing has eroded playtime inside schools . When kids are confused or scared or they do n't understand things , they work it out in their play . Using their imagination , they rework things until they feel some sense of mastery . This is kids ' ongoing way of coping with life and it is crucial for building inner resilience and security . That inner strength and resilience begins to develop at birth . It is first felt as a sense of trust in others -- adults who respond to cries of hunger and who can provide a home , safety and health . As time goes on , kids start to carry that security with them on the inside . Security will grow or weaken in childhood depending a lot on how we adults relate to our children in everyday interactions . When we are too heavy-handed with our authority , kids often feel insecure or fearful . When we punish them or use threats and timeouts or other coercive tactics , they might try to obey on the surface , but they are n't building the inner strength and confidence that will be their moral compass when we are not there . We do n't really have to over-use our adult authority with children . We can work out most things with them -- listening to their feelings and needs and taking these into account as much as possible . When we listen to kids with our full attention and try to say back to them what we heard without judging it or giving our own opinion , they feel great trust in us and in themselves . And this kind of listening prevents many conflicts from escalating or from happening in the first place . Of course children need limits , but not the kind that are imposed by "  Do as I say . " Recently I was walking on busy streets with my 5-year-old grandson Jake . He pulled his hand from mine . I asked , "  You do n't want to hold my hand ? " "  No , " he said , "  I want to walk by myself . " I said , "  How about this : On the sidewalk you walk alone and when we cross the street , you hold my hand , because there are so many cars zooming around . " Jake nodded yes and took my hand when we got to the street . This simple example shows a way of being with children , of being on the same side with them , working things out with them -- something we can do almost all the time . It is a way of being that helps to strengthen children 's inner security and confidence in their own ideas . Schools are the other big influence in our children 's lives . Children spend about half their waking hours in school and what happens there has a big part to play in the inner confidence and social responsibility they develop . I sent my sons Kyle and Matt to a public high school where community participation , respect for differences , learning empathy and concern for others were part of daily school life . The school had an excellent drama program , another reason why I wanted to send Matt there . All kids who wanted to participate in the school 's stellar ensemble productions could . Matt was n't a "  star . " He was on equal footing with all the other kids . Stardom can be confusing for a teen -- it 's a time of figuring out who you are and how you fit into what suddenly seems like a much bigger world . Matt 's high school drama experiences gave him a rock solid start in theater -- he worked hard at his craft and found delight and meaning in collaboration . Matt Damon : Together we can solve the world water crisis I believe that schools should be places not only for academic learning , but also where young people build confidence , a sense of self , and learn to become responsible citizens . It is one of the great tragedies of our day that our schools , excessively driven by data and standardized tests , have no time for activities that ca n't be tested . No time for the arts and play and the social and emotional learning that will help children handle what life has in store . Although we parents ca n't control everything that happens in our kids ' lives , we can do a lot to help them build inner security , confidence and a strong inner moral compass that will guide them through challenges they will face when we are no longer there . And our schools should build on this foundation . We should insist that our schools address not just academics , but the whole child -- so that all our children can become healthy and strong and enter adulthood as responsible and caring citizens . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nancy Carlsson-Paige .	Nancy Carlsson-Paige , Matt Damon 's mom , is often asked how she raised her children She says kids get a a solid footing in life with lots of child-centered play in the early years Parents can give children inner strength ; she says . Tough punishment instills fear Carlsson-Paige : Schools must offer children arts , drama -- activities that ca n't be tested
CNN  -- Dionne Warwick was one of the thousands of guests to attend Michael Jackson 's memorial service Tuesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California . Dionne Warwick said Michael Jackson brought a new insight to things people should be paying attention to . Warwick talks with CNN 's Larry King about the moving tributes during the service and the legacy left behind by the "  King of Pop . " King also talks with Warwick 's son , Damon Elliott , who has been a friend of Jackson 's since childhood and was writing a song with Michael just before his death . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : What did you think of the event , Dionne ? Dionne Warwick : Well , it was probably one of the most emotional mornings and afternoons that I 've spent in a very long time . It was done with a great deal of style and class . King : He would 've liked it ? Warwick : He would 've loved it . He would 've loved it . King : How did you and Michael hook up , Damon ? Damon Elliott : From Mom . We shared moms . When I was very little , I used to beg her probably at least once a week , "  Mom , you have to take me out to the house , you have to take me out to the house . " She 'd always say , "  I 'm on tour right now , baby . But when we I get home , we 'll go see Michael . " And one day we did , and he showed up , I think , in my living room or somewhere . King : You were writing a song at his death ? Elliott : Yes . Actually , I was working on some music for the new record that I was going to get over to Jermaine . And the night before he passed away , it 's crazy we were writing a song . King : How great a singer was Michael Jackson ? Warwick : Michael was ... King : A singer -- a pure singer ? Warwick : And he could sing . Yes . Yes . It was more than the magic of everything else that he did . He was a brilliant singer . King : What was he like to work with , if you were working on a song together ? What was that experience like ? Elliott : Well , from a distance , I got to work with Michael . I mostly worked through Jermaine , who was another amazing talent . But just all the brothers , you know , they have so much conviction and so much feeling in their delivery . Watch Jackson family address crowd " And Michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us -- producers , dancers , singers , songwriters . He just had it all . He would come in and beat box a melody and you 'd try to emulate it on a drum machine and it just was impossible . So you 'd just keep what he did . King : What 's Michael Jackson 's legacy ? Warwick : The wonderful things that he did for this entire world . I think he brought a new insight as to the things that we really should be paying attention to . He did it brilliantly , and I think that 's his legacy .	Singer Dionne Warwick : Jackson 's memorial service was done with style , class Warwick 's son was writing a song with Jackson days before his death Damon Elliott : "  Michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us "
CNN  -- I was born in Mumbai , India -- a beautiful country rich in culture and landscape . But for all its wonder and charm , India is also a country where from 150,000 to 200,000 people were afflicted by polio in the mid-1980s and , even as recently as 2009 , was home to nearly half the world 's new polio cases . Polio is a debilitating disease . It attacks the nervous system and can lead to partial or full paralysis for life , and in some cases , even death . But , the great news is that today , India and Southeast Asia were officially certified by the World Health Organization as being polio-free -- a momentous achievement for global public health and the worldwide effort to eradicate polio . India beats the odds and beats polio But this extraordinary feat was n't easy . Most experts believed that India , with its high population density , poor health care services and regional accessibility problems , would remain the most polio-endemic region in the world . But India has n't reported a new case since early 2011 , which led WHO Director-General Margaret Chan to say : "  India has shown the world that there is no such thing as impossible . This is likely the greatest lesson and the greatest inspiration for the rest of the world . " I , too , believe this is the greatest inspiration for the world . This victory -- like the eradication of smallpox -- is one of the most amazing achievements in global health . And I 'm humbled to support and commend my country -- and the communities , families and workers on the ground -- for without them , this would not be possible . Their bravery , grace and conviction to end polio once and for all is something of great strength and admiration . Great achievements do n't just happen ; they require the great efforts of many . The polio eradication movement , started in 1988 , was a joint effort between the Indian government ; WHO ; Rotary International ; the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation ; UNICEF and various other NGOs ; the United States , Canada , the United Kingdom and about 2 million workers who vaccinated nearly 170 million throughout the country to finally wipe out the disease . Truly , this worldwide effort should serve as a reminder that when the global community bands together to solve an issue , great things can be achieved . And today should serve as a call to not simply continue the efforts but to exponentially increase them . The tireless work and the steadfast determination of so many around the world has brought us to this monumental milestone today , because with committed people , volunteers , communities and cooperation comes real change . Just last year , I joined the Global Poverty Project at the annual Global Citizen Festival on the Great Lawn at Central Park in New York to advocate for an end to extreme poverty by 2030 . Chief among the priorities was a focus on health , vaccines and immunizations . And on that day , looking out at the sea of 60,000 Global Citizens advocating for change and an end to polio by 2018 , I knew the end was possible . So , smile as we celebrate a polio-free India -- a significant public health achievement that will leave a lasting impact on children 's health in India and around the world . This can inspire the global community to take on other diseases as well . A polio-free India is not a polio-free world , and we must remain vigilant to ensure every child around the globe receives the vaccine until we achieve a world free of polio . The global health community is still more than $ 1 billion short on funding for vaccinations -- and while the United States , Canada and others have led the way -- other countries such as Australia need to reaffirm their support . Only three nations have yet to eradicate the crippling disease : Nigeria , Pakistan and Afghanistan . As we declare India polio-free , we can call on countries and governments around the globe to follow this tremendous example and make the world free of polio by 2018 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Freida Pinto .	Freida Pinto : World Health Organization on Thursday is proclaiming India to be polio free India had half the world 's new cases in 2009 , and 200,000 in the 1980s Pinto : Experts doubted success because of population , poor health care and access Pinto : Committed people , volunteers , communities and cooperation bring real change
CNN  -- Baseball Hall of Fame manager Earl Sidney Weaver , who led the Baltimore Orioles to four pennants and a World Series title with a pugnacity toward umpires , died Saturday of an apparent heart attack at age 82 , Major League Baseball said . Dubbed "  the Earl of Baltimore , " Weaver managed the American League team for 17 seasons and amassed a record of 1,480 wins and 1,060 losses , including five 100-win seasons  1969-1971 and 1979-1980  . He and the team won the World Series in 1970 . The tenacious Weaver was outspoken with some players as well as umpires . At the same time , he was open to innovation , using computers to analyze opposing pitchers and pioneering the introduction of radar guns to measure fastballs and other pitches . On the matter of marching out of the dugout to give the umps a piece of his mind , Weaver said : "  The job of arguing with the umpire belongs to the manager , because it wo n't hurt the team if he gets thrown out of the game . " Stan Musial dead at 92 Team managing partner Peter Angelos described Weaver as standing "  alone as the greatest manager in the history of the Orioles organization and one of the greatest in the history of baseball . " "  This is a sad day for everyone who knew him and for all Orioles fans . Earl made his passion for the Orioles known both on and off the field , " Angelos said in a statement . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley said Weaver was "  a beloved Baltimore legend . " "  Many will remember Earl for ushering in a new era of success for the Baltimore Orioles , " O'Malley said . "  He led the O 's to four World Series -- including the memorable World Championship victory of 1970 . " Elected to the Hall of Fame in 1996 , Weaver joked in his induction speech about his feuds with star pitcher Jim Palmer -- also in the Hall of Fame -- by saying he was the player "  I had more arguments with than my wife . " Weaver managed the team from 1968 to 1982 and 1985 to 1986 . He was regarded as among the most ejected managers in baseball -- more than 90 times . He thanked umpires in his induction speech , saying the game ca n't be played without them . "  I 'm serious when I say their integrity and honesty is , and must be , beyond reproach , " Weaver said . "  Now counting balls and strikes and close plays on the bases , they must have made over a million calls while I was managing , and except for those 91 or 92 times I disagreed , they got the other ones right . " People we 've lost in 2013 : They lives they lived	NEW : Earl Weaver "  a beloved Baltimore legend , " Maryland governor says Weaver amassed a record of 1,480 wins and 1,060 losses over 17 seasons for Orioles His team won the World Series in 1970 Orioles official calls him "  the greatest manager in the history of the Orioles organization "
CNN  New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie again insisted he has n't yet decided whether to run for president , but his family wo n't be able to veto him if he does decide to jump in the race . He added , however , what his family thinks about the prospect "  matters deeply to me . " "  And just as importantly , what the potential impact would be on each and every one of them is something that weighs enormously on me , " he said during his monthly "  Ask the Governor " radio show . Could Chris Christie be bullied out of 2016 ? The New Jersey governor said that "  just this morning as I was getting ready for work " he was thinking about how his youngest daughter , 11-year-old Bridget , would be affected by a run . Christie said he 's asking himself three questions : "  Is it right for me , is it right for my family , is it right for the country â $ " Â in that order . " "  I 'll decide , " on the answer to those questions , he said , "  and then after that I 'll make the decision about when to let everyone know . " Christie has repeatedly said he has n't made up his mind on 2016 , but has made no secret of his interest and his supporters are moving to build the operation he 'll need if he does decide to jump in the race . Allies of the governor are in the early stages of starting a leadership political action committee that would serve as an apparatus for him to travel and to hire staff , CNN confirmed earlier this month . During his Thursday evening radio show appearance , Christie would n't confirm that those plans were underway . "  There 's lots of people making lots of suggestions to me ... There 's a whole bunch of different options on the table , but I have n't made any final decision about what to do , " he said . ` Huggable Christie previews presidential road map With former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush announcing last month plans to "  actively explore " a run , and 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney telling donors and supporters he 's seriously considering it , Christie 's path to the nomination looks to have narrowed , as both Bush and Romney would vie for the same universe of establishment-minded donors and voters as Christie . But Christie made clear that the rest of the field will have no bearing on his eventual decision . " ` I 'm not gon na allow other people to dictate to me my time frame , " he said . Christie has said before that running against Bush would be "  stressful " because "  you do n't like to run against people who are your friends . " The New Jersey governor helped raise money for George W. Bush 's 2000 bid , and Bush later appointed him U.S. Attorney for New Jersey . But Christie said on Thursday night he felt even if the two ran against each other , "  I do n't think that means it has to end a relationship . " "  Friends have run against each other before though ... it 's just the way it goes , " he said . "  If Jeb decides ultimately to run and I decide ultimately to run â $ " I hope that what we could do is to run based upon our particular visions for the country and for our party , and may the best person win . " Indeed , Christie invited the wide-open primary fight that 's developing , arguing that "  if it 's a smart , respectful , substantive debate , that 's good for the party . " "  To the extent that it becomes difficult and divisive , it depends on how those people who are on the receiving end of that deals with it , " he said .	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie says he has n't yet decided whether to run for president If he does decide to run , though , his family wo n't be able to veto it The rest of the field , Christie said , will have no bearing on his decision
Fall River , Massachusetts  CNN  Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez looked on impassively Wednesday as he was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole , a new low for a young man who once enjoyed a $ 40 million pro-football contract and now stands convicted in the 2013 murder of onetime friend Odin Lloyd . Hernandez , 25 , appeared to shake his head "  no " earlier as jurors in the Massachusetts trial found him guilty of first-degree murder . He was also found guilty of unlawful possession of a firearm and unlawful possession of ammunition . "  They got it wrong , " Hernandez said as he was being transported from the courthouse to a state prison , according to a law enforcement source close to the case . "  I did n't do it . " At trial , the defense team described Lloyd , a former semi-pro football player , as Hernandez 's "  bluntmaster " -- his purveyor of marijuana -- and his future brother-in-law . But in victim impact statements , Lloyd 's relatives portrayed him as a loving son and protective brother , as a man who rode his bike 10 miles to work and wore the same flip-flops for 12 years . "  Odin was my only son , " his mother , Ursula Ward , told the court , without looking at Hernandez . "  Odin was the man of the house . Odin was his sisters ' keeper . After my daughter Olivia had her daughter , Odin became her keeper , too . " "  I thank God every second for every day I spent with my son . The day I laid my son Odin to rest , I think my heart stopped beating for a moment . I felt like I wanted to go in that hole with my son Odin . " Lloyd was "  the backbone of the family , " Ward said . She expressed regret she 'd never see him have a child and that she 'd never dance at his wedding . But she found forgiveness in her heart : "  I forgive the hands of the people that had a hand in my son 's murder , either before or after . And I pray and hope that someday , everyone up there will forgive them also . " Outside court , Bristol County District Attorney Thomas Quinn said of her ability to forgive : "  I think it 's a tremendous compliment to her . " "  As difficult as it is for people in the end , forgiveness is what it 's about , if people can bring themselves to that point , he said . What 's next for Aaron Hernandez ? Of the defendant , Quinn said : "  Aaron Hernandez may have been a well-known New England Patriots football player . However , in the end , the jury found that he was just a man who committed a brutal murder . "  The fact that he was a professional athlete meant nothing in the end . He is a citizen who was held accountable by the jury for his depraved conduct . " Asked whether Hernandez "  gets it " after his murder conviction , Quinn said : "  I do n't know . I think when you 're taken away and they say , ` life in prison without parole ' ... there 's got to be some response . But I do n't know if he got it . " Assistant District Attorney William McCauley told the court moments before that sentence was imposed that Hernandez "  committed an extremely cruel and atrocious killing . ... It was brutal . It was senseless . " Judge Susan Garsh sentenced Hernandez "  to a term of your natural life without the possibility of parole " for the first-degree murder conviction . Garsh also sentenced him to between half a year and three years for unlawful possession of a firearm and one year , which he has already served , for unlawful possession of ammunition . As the verdict was read , the former standout tight end appeared upset but calm . He pursed his lips and took a deep breath as his lawyer James Sultan put his arm around him . He looked over to see his mother , Terri , and fiancée , Shayanna Jenkins , weeping . Shayanna is the sister of the victim 's former girlfriend , Shaneah Jenkins . Hernandez mouthed to them , "  It 's OK . " None of the jurors looked at Hernandez as the verdict was read . As each guilty verdict was read , Lloyd 's mother , Ursula , rocked back and forth . After the verdict , Lloyd 's relatives thanked and embraced members of the prosecution team . Speaking to reporters later , some members of the jury of seven women and five men admitted to not knowing who Patriots owner Robert Kraft was when he took the stand . Hernandez 's downward spiral But they agreed that his testimony was crucial . Kraft testified that Hernandez proclaimed his innocence to him and told the team owner that "  he hoped that the time of the murder ... came out because I believe he said he was in a club . " "  To this day -- we just went through a three-month trial , and this is now two years later -- we still do n't know the exact time of Odin 's murder , " one of the jurors said . "  So I do n't know how Aaron would have had that information two years ago . " The jurors said they learned about other pending cases against Hernandez , including a pair of murder counts , after rendering their verdict . Asked how that made them feel , one juror said , "  That we did the right thing . " They deliberated for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days . Hernandez was taken to a maximum security reception center for new inmates , Massachusetts Correctional Institution-Cedar Junction , which is less than four miles from Gillette Stadium , home of the Patriots . As he was being moved , Hernandez displayed the same kind of swagger with which he strolled into court each day , the law enforcement source said . Hernandez told officers escorting him , " ` Hey man , I 'm going to miss you guys . ... I do n't need any luck any more . ' He gave you the impression , ` It 's kinda like no big deal . ... It is what it is . ' " 5 things to know about the Hernandez jury His sensational trial started in late January , just days before the Patriots Super Bowl victory over the Seattle Seahawks amid an unusually long and harsh New England winter . Prosecutors took months to present more than 130 witnesses to build their case . The defense wrapped its witnesses in less than a day . Prosecutors say Lloyd was seen June 17 , 2013 , around 2:30 a.m. with Hernandez and Hernandez 's friends , Carlos Ortiz and Ernest Wallace , in a rented silver Nissan Altima . Later that day , a jogger found his body riddled with gunshots . The prosecution portrayed Hernandez as cold , calculating and insecure -- a man who believed others should be grateful for his attention , one capable of murder for merely disrespecting him in the presence of others . McCauley asked jurors in closing arguments : What was Hernandez talking about a day after Lloyd 's bullet-riddled body was found at a Massachusetts industrial park ? " ` My endorsements are gone , ' " Hernandez said , according to McCauley . "  He 's not talking about Odin . " Who is Odin Lloyd ? Wallace and Ortiz were longtime friends of Hernandez , who had complete control of them , the prosecution said . In closing arguments , McCauley reminded the jury of testimony about Hernandez and his two friends sunbathing poolside hours after the slaying , drinking smoothies , and Hernandez at times leaving his then 8-month-old child with the two men . "  These guys ... will do whatever he wants , " the prosecutor said of Hernandez . The motive for the killing has never been clearly spelled out , but prosecutors said Lloyd might have done or said something that did n't sit well with Hernandez . They said Hernandez rounded up some friends and orchestrated the killing to settle the score . McCauley said a perceived slight that might seem insignificant to someone , such as disrespect , would easily offend Hernandez . Shayanna Jenkins , Hernandez 's fiancee , testified that Hernandez told her to dispose of a box from the couple 's home that she said reeked of marijuana . She also said she did n't know what was in the box . The prosecution has said the murder weapon , which has not been recovered , was in the box . After concealing the box with her daughter 's clothing , Jenkins said she threw it away in "  a random dumpster " but could not remember where . Another piece of the state 's case was grainy footage from Hernandez 's home security system that prosecutors said showed him holding a .45 - caliber handgun , the same kind of gun police said was used to kill Lloyd . Inside the case against Aaron Hernandez Wallace and Ortiz , who were also charged with murder , have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . Sultan , Hernandez 's attorney , told jurors that Hernandez "  witnessed " Lloyd 's killing , "  committed by somebody he knew , " and that the former NFL player "  really did n't know what to do , so he put one foot in front of another " and moved on with his life . Two other men who were drug dealers allegedly killed Lloyd , Sultan told the jury . Lloyd , who was working for a landscaping firm at the time of his killing , played football for the Boston Bandits , the oldest semi-pro team in Boston and the winner of four championships in the New England Football League , the team 's website says . Outside court on Wednesday , Ward fought back tears as she remembered her son as "  the most precious gift in my life . " "  Just like God has left his footprint in the sand , my baby 's footprint is in my heart forever , " Ward said . "  He was my strength . I love him dearly . " Lloyd 's sister Olivia Thibou said she felt as if she lived in a dream world . "  It 's just another day that Odin is not here . " What prison life will be like for Aaron Hernandez CNN 's Laura Dolan and Susan Candiotti reported from Fall River , and CNN 's Ray Sanchez wrote from New York . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Jason Hanna , Ashley Fantz , Holly Yan and Mike Pearson contributed to this report .	"  They got it wrong , " Aaron Hernandez says as he is transported to prison The jury deliberated for more than 35 hours over parts of seven days Mother of murder victim Odin Lloyd says she forgives those who played a role in her son 's death
CNN  -- Scores of emergency personnel on Thursday helped battle a fire that burned a docked Russian nuclear submarine , state media reported . Wooden scaffolding caught fire Thursday afternoon at a repair dock in Roslyakovo , which is in the Murmansk region in northwest Russia along the Barents Sea , the official Itar-Tass and RIA-Novosti news agencies reported . The flames spread to hull of the nuclear submarine Yekaterinburg , where work had been underway . About 100 emergency personnel responded , using 40 pieces of firefighting and other equipment to spray foam and water to douse the blaze , the regional emergency ministry said according to Itar-Tass . Gov. Dmitry Dmitrienko said that the submarine 's nuclear reactors were then shut down and there was no threat of radiation spreading , the news agency reported . Capt. Vadim Sega , a spokesman for Russia 's northern fleet , added that the fire never penetrated the hull and got inside the ship . "  There is no possibility of fire burning through the hull , and no threat to on-board equipment , " Sega said Thursday , according to RIA-Novosti . The emergency ministry said Thursday that there had been no injuries , reported this news agency . The nuclear sub , itself , was partially submerged to minimize damage . The fire continued into Friday despite initial reports it had been extinguished , Itar-Tass reported . By 1:40 a.m. ,  4:40 p.m. ET Thursday  , the blaze had been "  localized , " Russian Emergency Minister Sergei Shoigu said . One of seven Delta-IV class submarines in operation , the Yekaterinburg carries 16 ballistic missiles . According to the military research website RusNavy.com , the vessel was launched in September 1984 , has two nuclear reactors and can carry a 140-person crew .	Scaffolding caught fire on a dock in northwest Russia , state media reports The flames spread to the hull of a docked nuclear submarine The fire was "  localized " early Friday , an official tells a state news agency A local governor says the sub 's reactors were shut down and radiation did n't spread
CNN  -- U.S. President George Bush railed against the government of Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe Monday , calling intimidation of opposition figures "  deplorable . " Leading opposition figure Artur Mutambara was arrested following his criticism of President Robert Mugabe . "  The continued use of government-sponsored violence in Zimbabwe , including unwarranted arrests and intimidation of opposition figures , to prevent the Movement for Democratic Change from campaigning freely ahead of the June 27 presidential runoff election is deplorable , " Bush said in a statement released by the U.S. Embassy in neighboring South Africa . Zimbabwean authorities Sunday arrested an opposition leader on charges stemming from his criticism of the government and its handling of the recent presidential election , an official with the opposition Movement for Democratic Change told CNN . Police in Harare surrounded the house of student activist-turned-opposition politician Arthur Mutambara and arrested him on charges of contempt of court and publishing falsehoods , MDC official Romualdo Mavedzenge said . While Zimbabwe authorities have arrested dozens of MDC supporters and activists over the past two months , Mavedzenge said "  this is the highest profile MDC official  arrested  since the March 29 election . " Mutambara is president of an MDC faction that split from the main party headed by Morgan Tsvangirai . After Tsvangirai 's party won the majority of seats in parliament , the two leaders agreed to join forces in parliament under Mutambara 's leadership . Both charges stem from an opinion piece written by Mutambara in which he criticized President Robert Mugabe for the way the March 29 elections were handled . Raphael Khumalo , chief executive of The Sunday Standard , which published the article , was arrested last month on charges of publishing falsehoods . Bush said Mugabe 's government is failing on multiple levels . "  We call on the regime to immediately halt all attacks and to permit freedom of assembly , freedom of speech , and access to the media , " Bush said . "  We urge the Southern African Development Community , the African Union , the United Nations , and other international organizations to blanket the country with election and human rights monitors immediately . " Zimbabwe 's election commission said Tsvangirai won the March presidential election , but did n't win a majority of the vote , forcing this month 's vote . The MDC contested the results , saying Tsvangirai won outright , but decided to take part in the runoff and not cede the election to Mugabe .	Bush : Continued use of government-sponsored violence deplorable Opposition unable to campaign freely ahead of June 27 presidential runoff election Police arrest student activist-turned-opposition politician Arthur Mutambara Bush : Mugabe 's government is failing on multiple levels
More than a week after Superstorm Sandy devastated the New York metropolitan area , some commuters will regain something of a sense of normalcy Wednesday morning . The Holland Tunnel is set to reopen to all commuter traffic at 5 a.m. , according to a joint news release from New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie . On an average weekday , the release says , about 91,000 vehicles use the tunnel , which passes under the Hudson River between Manhattan and Jersey City , New Jersey . But for thousands of Sandy 's victims , normalcy and reality are far apart . Tired , homeless and emotionally drained , 76-year-old Frank Gissi was not planning to vote Tuesday . The storm-battered ex-New York City cop is among the hundreds of displaced residents in the coastal Staten Island neighborhood of New Dorp with far more basic needs . "  I 'm sick , crying , " he said , eight days after Superstorm Sandy knocked out power and swept away homes . "  I lost everything . " The storm that broke records -- and hearts Overall , more than 139,000 Staten Island households were affected by Sandy , and thousands there were among about 80,000 New York-area customers still lacking power Tuesday night , according to Con Edison , New York City 's largest utility company . Elsewhere , Mayor Michael Bloomberg visited the hard-hit Rockaway neighborhoods of Queens , where sanitation workers continued to clean up downed trees , utility poles and homes . According to the latest count , Sandy has claimed 110 lives across the Northeastern United States . Next , freezing temperatures , lingering power outages and an incoming low pressure system could make matters worse . "  Now if the snow comes in heavy , we 're cooked , " Gissi said . Related : Polling places both ` inspiring ' and ` insane ' Tuesday morning brought life-threatening cold across the New York metropolitan region , with temperatures dropping into the 20s . Across the entire region hit by Sandy , nearly 9,000 storm survivors spent Monday night in public shelters , the Red Cross told CNN , while others slept in cars or stayed with family or neighbors . Forecasters predict rain will move in early Wednesday and will gradually become heavier , bringing 2 - to 4-foot storm surges and up to 45 mph wind gusts . The weather will get worse , CNN meteorologists say , with daytime temperatures hovering in the 40s . "  Mother Nature is not cooperating , and this will complicate the restoration effort , " said John Miksad , Con Edison 's senior vice president of electric operations . At night , it could again get down to the 20s , leaving those without shelter in potentially deadly circumstances , while a renewed risk of floods again plagued the region . Related : Salvaging smeared memories in Sandy 's wake "  A lot of these beaches have had their sand eroded " by Sandy , creating flood risks in areas that typically do not have them , said Bloomberg , who ordered all parks , beaches and playgrounds closed by noon Wednesday . More than a week after the storm hit , officials painted a picture of a recovery that left many survivors disappointed . In New Jersey , 566,000 customers were without power , Gov. Chris Christie said . "  It is like a war zone down there , " he said , referring to places such as Mantoloking in Ocean County , where heavy flooding and fires wiped out large sections of the town . At least 20 homes burned to the ground there , mirroring a similar incident in Breezy Point , a neighborhood in Queens New York City , where a cluster of more than 100 houses caught fire during the storm . Related : Five ways to help kids cope with disaster "  We do n't know what to expect for the flooding situation as the shorelines have been changed , " Christie said . "  For many of them , the dunes are gone . So moderate flooding under normal conditions become major in these conditions . " During the past six days , power has been restored to some 2.1 million customers , he said . But , "  2.1 million people with power back does n't mean a damn to you if you do n't have your power back , " Christie told reporters . "  I want to see that 566,000 number come down to close to a quarter of a million by end of the day today , if we could . That 's the goal . " New Jersey 's largest power provider , PSE&G , said it made a dent in that number Tuesday , restoring power to nearly 90,000 of its customers between 6:30 a.m. and 9:45 p.m. . The utility company said it has restored power to about 87 % of storm-hit customers so far . "  We hope to have 90 % of customers restored by tomorrow morning , " the company said on its website earlier Tuesday . In New York , Gov. Andrew Cuomo said the number without power across the state Tuesday was 350,000 . As many as 20,000 households across New York City and Westchester are not expected to back online by the weekend because of internal electrical damage to their homes , officials said , though Con Edison tweeted Tuesday afternoon that its crews had restored power to 80 % of its Westchester customers . And many of those hunkering down in the dark were stocking up on blankets and fueling their generators on Tuesday as the wintry weather moved closer . "  With this storm coming in , everyone 's a little bit nervous , " said Kevin King , a 41-year-old Maplewood , New Jersey , resident who was still without power . "  I 've got twin preemies  premature infants  being released from a neonatal care unit and no power , " he said . "  I ca n't leave the area right now , I have to stay local . " Downed power lines and toppled utility poles still littered Maplewood streets , and King said PSE&G has frustrated residents by constantly shifting timetables of when restoration could be expected . "  If I knew it was going to be two weeks -- I know that 's bad -- but at least you can plan for it , " he said . The PATH train between New Jersey and New York restarted limited service under the Hudson River Tuesday , after having been shutdown ahead of the approaching storm last week , while long , slow-moving lines stretched around polling stations across New York City . Elections Commissioner J.C. Polanco called it "  an interesting day " after the Board of Elections temporarily relocated or combined some polling locations because of storm damage . Related : Powerless in New Jersey But bigger concerns loomed over the incoming nor'easter predicted for later Tuesday , albeit a far less severe storm than Sandy . "  When it rains , it pours . When it storms , you get more storms , " Cuomo said . A nor'easter is a strong low pressure system with powerful northeasterly winds coming from the ocean ahead of a storm . "  What has compounded the problem has been the quote-unquote ` panic buying , ' " Cuomo added , referring to long lines that continue to wrap around gas stations as residents frantically stockpile reserves . In Staten Island , resident Katie Fairley , 25 , said people were still sleeping in their cars . She said it felt like Staten Islanders had been forgotten , leaving them largely to fend for themselves . "  Thank God , we have each other here . " Waiting out the storm	The Holland Tunnel between Manhattan , New Jersey is slated to reopen Wednesday A new storm "  will complicate the restoration effort , " a Con Edison VP says As many as 20,000 households are not expected to back online by the weekend At least 20 homes burned to the ground in Mantoloking , in Ocean County , New Jersey
CNN  -- Chelsea and England defender Ashley Cole has been charged by the Football Association  FA  after he called them a "  bunch of twats " during a Twitter rant on Friday . Cole was responding to an independent report into an allegation of racism against Chelsea captain John Terry , in which the panel cast "  considerable doubt " over the 31-year-old 's evidence . Terry , who retired from international football over the affair , was found guilty of racially abusing Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand , banned for four matches and fined US$ 350,000 . When Cole learned of the FA panel 's suggestion he had "  evolved " the evidence he gave to the investigation he responded by tweeting : ` Hahahahaa , well done #fa I lied did I , #BUNCHOFTWATS . ' He apologized unreservedly hours later but he has now been charged with misconduct . Cole is currently on international duty with England , preparing for the World Cup qualifiers against San Marino and Poland . A short statement on the FA 's website read : "  Chelsea FC 's Ashley Cole has been charged by the FA in relation to a Twitter comment which was improper and/or brought the game into disrepute . "  Cole has until 4pm on Thursday 11 October 2012 to respond to the charge . " Terry was also tried in a criminal court after his altercation with Ferdinand , the brother of Manchester United defender Rio , in which he admitted calling Anton "  a f ****** g black c *** . " He claimed he was repeating words that Ferdinand had said to him , asking his opponent if he thought he had been the subject of racial abuse . Terry was found not guilty in July but the FA found him guilty on 27 September , using the "  balance of probabilities " as its standard of proof as opposed to the "  beyond reasonable doubt " ruling used in a criminal trial . The FA panel said : "  We are driven to conclude not just that it is ` highly unlikely ' that Mr. Ferdinand accused Mr. Terry on the pitch of calling him a ` black c *** ' , but that he did not . " The organization stressed it does not believe "  Terry to be a racist " , citing a large body of testimonial evidence -- "  including statements from black footballers " -- to say that he is not , but that it did find him guilty of making a racist insult . Cole 's initial evidence in the days after the incident occurred was amended in November 2011 when Chelsea secretary Dave Barnard asked the FA to add the word "  black " to the former Arsenal defender 's original statement . The FA also stated that it had "  considerable doubt " over Cole 's claims he had heard Ferdinand use the word "  black " when insulting Terry after the pair clashed , while calling Barnard 's evidence "  materially defective . " It went on : "  The Commission -LSB- has -RSB- considerable doubt as to whether the request to amend paragraph 4 of Mr. Cole 's statement , to include the word ` black ' , was based on Mr. Cole 's own personal recollections , or as a result of discussions that he had had with Mr. Barnard . " Cole is also likely to face punishment from his club for the abusive tweet , with manager Roberto Di Matteo stating his player had fallen foul of Chelsea 's social media policy . He told a press conference : "  If you are going to criticize football the one thing I would completely agree with is there are certain players out there , and I am not particularly picking on Ashley Cole , that forget some times that they represent an employer , industry and governing body which is the FA . "	Chelsea defender Ashley Cole is charged with misconduct by English Football Association Cole sent an abusive tweet about the FA after he was criticised in a report on racism Independent probe into John Terry racism claims said Cole 's evidence "  evolved " over time Cole called the FA a "  bunch of twats " upon hearing the findings of the report
CNN  -- President Barack Obama invoked Donald Trump 's name during Wednesday 's presidential debate , claiming that GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney would consider the mogul 's empire a small business . "  Under Governor Romney 's definition , there are a whole bunch of millionaires and billionaires who are small businesses , " President Obama said . "  Donald Trump is a small business . Now , I know Donald Trump does n't like to think of himself as small anything -- but that 's how you define small businesses if you 're getting business income . " The facts : While there is no universally accepted definition of a small business , the federal government defines it as any business that employs fewer than 500 people . The Trump Organization employs 22,000 people . But Trump also runs a number of other companies that employ fewer than 500 , meaning that -- under the federal government 's definition -- he qualifies as a small business . According to the U.S. Small Business Administration , which uses the 500-worker maximum in its definition , such firms employ half of all private-sector workers and pay 44 % of the total U.S. private payroll . In 2009 , there were 27.5 million businesses in the nation , 99.7 % of which were small firms . Complete coverage of CNN 's Fact Checks IRS data on the highest-income people in the country underscores that small business does not necessarily mean small profits . Of the top 400 people â $ " who got $ 19.8 billion in S corporation and partnership net income in 2009 â $ " 237 count as small businesses . An analysis by the Urban Institute-Brookings Tax Policy Center finds that extending tax cuts for people who make more than $ 250,000 per year  $ 200,000 for single filers  would disproportionately help the richest taxpayers : 82 % of the cut would go to people with more than $ 1 million in adjusted gross income , who would get an average tax cut of $ 164,000 apiece . Romney 's plan does not single out small businesses for special treatment . His plan attempts to lower taxes on all businesses -- big or small . Conclusion : While Romney 's plan does not define who is or is not a small business , some of Donald Trump 's companies would qualify as a small business because they have fewer than 500 employees . Fact Check : Green energy Fact Check : Job creation versus unemployment Fact Check : Oil and gas production CNNMoney 's Small Business Reporter Jose Pagliery and CNN 's Diane Laposta contributed to this report	Obama says Trump is a small business under Romney plan The government defines small business as having under 500 workers
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The prosecution can not argue that sex was a motivation for doctors to give Anna Nicole Smith the drugs that may have led to her death , a judge ruled Thursday . Howard K. Stern , right , companion of Anna Nicole Smith , is one of three people charged in the case . "  I 'm just not buying that , " Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Robert Perry said . The ruling came on the third day of a preliminary hearing for Howard K. Stern -- Smith 's lawyer and companion -- and co-defendants Dr. Khristine Eroshevich and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor , on charges stemming from the Playboy model and reality TV star 's death . Larry Birkhead , the father of Smith 's now 3-year-old daughter , is set to testify Friday . Deputy District Attorney Renee Rose told Judge Perry she wanted to present evidence that Eroshevich , a woman , had a sexual relationship with Smith , which was the doctor 's "  motivation to continue providing excess medications " to her . The prosecution planned to present an expert witness who would say such a sexual relationship between a doctor and an addicted patient could compromise the care , Assistant District Attorney Sean Carney said . Court documents released last month said investigators found photos of Eroshevich and Smith "  naked in the bathtub in intimate embraces , " according to one sworn statement . One affidavit referenced a video clip of Kapoor "  kissing and snuggling " with Smith "  in a reclined position in a nightclub setting . " The three defendants are charged with an illegal conspiracy to prescribe , administer and dispense controlled substances to an addict . Stern faces 11 felony counts , while the doctors were charged with six each . Smith 's death in a Hollywood , Florida , hotel on February 8 , 2007 , was ruled to be from "  acute combined drug intoxication , " the Broward County , Florida , medical examiner said . Her death came five months after the birth of her daughter , Dannielynn , on September 7 , 2006 , and the sudden death of her 20-year-old son , Daniel , three days later . Smith 's part-time body guard , Maurice Brighthaupt , was testifying Thursday morning when Rose brought up the possibility of a sexual relationship . Brighthaupt , a full-time south Florida paramedic , said he was rarely paid for his bodyguard services "  because they told me they did n't have much money at the time . " He helped Smith because she was like a sister , he said . Brighthaupt testified that he had seen Stern giving Smith illegal drugs , which contradicted public statements he made in the months after Smith 's death . He said he changed his story after having time to think about the events , but defense lawyer Steve Sadow suggested it was for money and revenge on Stern for an accusation he made against Brighthaupt . Brighthaupt acknowledged that he was paid at least $ 150,000 for interviews by the "  Entertainment Tonight " and "  Access Hollywood " TV shows . Sadow pointed to an October 10 , 2007 , interview by CNN 's Larry King in which Stern accused Brighthaupt of stealing photos of Smith and selling them to tabloids . Brighthaupt began cooperating with the lead investigator , who he said he had been "  ducking , " only days after Stern 's CNN appearance . But he denied revenge was his motivation . Before her son 's death , Smith was a happy , normal person , Brighthaupt said . "  She knew she was the ` it ' , " Brighthaupt said . But in the five months after her son 's death and until her own death , Smith was "  very weak " and "  zombie-like , " he said . "  She just did n't want to deal with life after the death of her son , " Brighthaupt said . Anytime she was able to sleep , she would dream of her son and wake up crying , he said . Nannies stayed with her infant around the clock at her home in the Bahamas , while Smith slept through most of the days . She would sometimes get up late at night and stumble around her house cursing , he said . "  Someone had to always keep an eye on her because she was very , very depressed , " he said . Other than medications , the only relief she got from her pain was her daughter , he said . "  The times when she 'd get really depressed , that 's when we 'd bring Dannielynn to her to let her see the baby , " he said . Smith would constantly read what was written about her on the Internet , using a "  Google Alert " to let her know when a story was published about her , he said . Brighthaupt described Smith as "  manipulative " when she wanted something . "  She manipulated Dr. Eroshevich , " he said . Eroshevich , a Los Angeles psychiatrist , traveled to the Bahamas five or six times in 2006 to attend to Smith , he said . They had a mother-daughter friendship , not a doctor-patient relationship , he said . The doctor sometimes substituted placebos for the tray full of pills Smith regularly took for her complaints of pain and depression , he said . "  She was very concerned that we needed to wean -LSB- Smith -RSB- off the medications , " Brighthaupt said . In earlier testimony , California Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement Special Agent Danny Santiago testified investigators found 12 different prescription drugs , including dangerous opiates , in Smith 's hotel room after her death . Seven of them were prescribed using Stern 's name , although spelled "  Stearn , " Santiago said . A series of affidavits used by state investigators to obtain search warrants in their 2 1/2 - year inquiry was unsealed last month , revealing many details of the prosecution 's case .	Judge refuses to allow argument that sex motivated Anna Nicole Smith 's doctor Ruling comes amid hearing concerning death of the Playboy model/reality TV star Prosecutor wanted to present evidence Smith had relationship with female doctor Court documents : Investigators found photos of pair naked "  in intimate embraces "
Editor 's Note : Wynn Westmoreland , a media coordinator for CNN , offers this personal remembrance of two victims from the weekend 's severe weather . Bonnie Turner and her husband , Michael , on their farm . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- I met Bonnie Turner seven years ago when I was looking for a puppy . There was just simply no one better to turn to than the eccentric grandmother who loved animals so much that her 86-acre North Georgia farm was home to donkeys , goats , high-priced show dogs and even a few wayward deer . On Saturday , nothing was left of that bucolic sanctuary after a 130-mph tornado ravaged it . Bonnie died , thrown 50 feet from her home as her husband , Michael , cried out her name , their neighbors Joe and Jamie Wheeler said . Her death has shaken me . Images of the animals that died -- at least 35 dogs and 100 still missing -- make my voice crack when I speak about her . But I want her to be remembered as more than a victim , as probably does the family of the tornado 's second victim in Floyd County . Watch destruction in Floyd County " Bonnie -- whom everyone called Mrs. Bonnie -- was a retired veterinarian 's assistant . Her husband , Michael , who now lies in a hospital in critical condition , built a home for them . Her "  Mikey " was a man who knew that something beautiful takes time to build . He spent hours making ornate clocks that decorated their home , and many more helping his wife oblige the physical rigors of taking care of dozens of animals . A band of Chihuahuas and a few of her award-winning American hairless terriers nipped at her ankles as she performed her daily chores . On a cloudless day in April in 2001 , I visited Bonnie with a friend . She told us to lie in the grass , and she went inside her house , unleashed about a dozen puppies and watched as they ran out the door toward us . They began licking our ears , noses and toes . I noticed that a small , black-and-brown Chihuahua was trying to get my attention . I had been looking for a white female one , but Mrs. Bonnie would have none of that . "  That 's your dog , he likes you , " she told me . I named the 4-pound Chihuahua Jesse James . During the years since , I often called Bonnie with questions about Jesse or dogs in general and she was always there to help . I wish everyone could have met her and experienced some of the happiness she evoked in so many . She is a soul who will be deeply missed . Bonnie left this quote on her Web site , www.flinthillkennel.com : "  Beauty such as this is a gift , and I 'm often in awe of this world we 've been given . " E-mail to a friend	Bonnie Turner ran an 86-acre Georgia farm with her husband Husband , in critical condition , screamed her name during weekend tornado She was thrown some 50 feet and died during this weekend 's storm Bonnie loved animals , providing refuge for dogs , donkeys , goats and horses
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Legendary pinup queen Bettie Page died of pneumonia at the age of 85 in a Los Angeles , California , hospital Thursday , a week after suffering a heart attack , according to her agent . Pinup queen Bettie Page was credited with helping to usher in the sexual revolution . "  She captured the imagination of a generation of men and women with her free spirit and unabashed sensuality , " said agent Mark Roesler in a written statement . "  She is the embodiment of beauty . " Page , said to be one of the most photographed people of the past century , became a recluse in recent decades . Yet , her images continued to be used around the world to market Bettie Page action figures , clothing lines and other merchandise . "  Her popularity as an underground , guilty pleasures phenomenon has continued to soar despite the fact that the reclusive Page disappeared almost a half century ago , leading many to believe that one of the most photographed individuals of the 20th century was already dead . " Roesler said . The Web site , BettiePage.com , logs about 20 million hits a month , Roesler said . A TVGuide.com poll recently placed Bettie Page as the "  ultimate sex goddess , " outscoring others such as Marilyn Monroe . iReport.com : Share your trubutes to Bettie Page Page was born to a poor family in Tennessee on April 22 , 1923 . While her birth certificate spelled her name "  Betty , " she changed the spelling later in life to "  Bettie . " At a time when few women pursued a college education , Page earned a bachelor of arts degree in education from Peabody College in Tennessee in 1944 , according to her official biography . Her teaching career , however , was hampered by her looks , she said . "  I could n't control my students , especially the boys , " she is quoted as saying . After her modeling career ended , Page returned to Peabody College to work on a master 's degree , the bio said . Her Southern drawl and a refusal to sleep with a Hollywood producer hampered her acting career , according to her bio . "  I did n't like his looks , " Page said . "  I would n't have gone to bed with him anyway . He was a creep . He drove off in his big car and scolded me , ` You 'll be sorry . ' I was n't . " Page said she regretted not accepting studio boss Jack Warner 's offer of another screen-test , but it came while she was trying to save her marriage to her first husband , Billy Neal . Her modeling breakthrough began after she divorced Neal in 1947 when she met a police officer whose hobby was photography . He suggested the black bangs , which became her trademark , her bio said . Not long after , her images were everywhere , gracing magazine covers and locker pin-ups . Page wore nothing but a Santa hat in Playboy 's January 1955 centerfold . Playboy founder Hugh Hefner said her appearance in his magazine 's first year was a milestone . "  She became , in time , an American icon , her winning smile and effervescent personality apparent in every pose , " Hefner said . "  A kinky connection was added by Irving Klaw 's spanking , fetish and bondage photos , which became part of the Bettie Page mystique , " Hefner said . "  They were playful parodies that are now perceived as the early inspiration for Madonna 's excursions into the realm of sexual perversion . " Perhaps the most memorable photos of Page were her bondage poses , which she said were all pretend . "  I never understood how anyone believed those poses were sexy , " she later said . "  To be tied up ? I do n't get it . " "  She was a remarkable woman , truly someone that changed the social norms , not only here in this country , but also around the world , " Roesler said . "  While Jackie Robinson was changing the racial attitudes , Bettie Page was changing our attitudes on sex . She became a James Dean type of ` rebel ' figure as she allowed people to be less inhibited and look at sex in a different way . " Saucy photos of Paige in skimpy clothing or none at all helped to lead the way for the sexual revolution of the 1960s . Page suddenly disappeared from the scene in 1958 . It was only decades later revealed that she re-emerged to explain that she underwent a religious conversion and moved to Florida . Her life took a dark turn starting in 1978 after her third marriage failed , Roesler said . Page went through "  some mental instability , violent mood swings , and serious trouble with the law " and was eventually diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic , according to her bio . Page reappeared in public in December 2003 for Playboy 's 50th anniversary party , where she made a grand entrance with Anna Nicole Smith . It was the only time in the past 50 years that Page allowed her photograph to be taken , Roesler said . A private funeral service is planned for Tuesday . Page will buried at Westwood Cemetery in Los Angeles , just a few feet away from Monroe .	Pinup beauty Bettie Page dies at hospital a week after suffering heart attack Page graced magazine covers in 1950s , helped to usher in sexual revolution Page became recluse in recent years , reappeared in public in December 2003
CNN  It 's hard to believe it 's been 36 years since the first "  Alien " extraterrestrial beastie burst out of John Hurt 's chest and into moviegoers ' nightmares . But fans of the sci-fi/horror franchise , which sputtered out with 1997 's "  Alien : Resurrection , " are still eager to see what filmmaker Neill Blomkamp can do with the material . Blomkamp , who made the respected sci-fi action thriller "  District 9 " and has a new movie , "  Chappie , " coming out March 6 , posted an Instagram message last week implying his next film will be a new "  Alien " project . According to the Hollywood Reporter , a CNN content partner , Blomkamp will ignore the last two sequels in the series -- "  Alien 3 " and "  Alien : Resurrection " -- and pick up the storyline after the events of the James Cameron-directed "  Aliens . " Beyond that , details about Blomkamp 's "  Alien " are still scarce . There 's no word about when the film might hit theaters or whether it would bring back characters from the earlier movies -- although star Sigourney Weaver is likely to return . A Blomkamp reboot of "  Alien " seems promising  although we have n't seen "  Chappie " yet  . Then again , Hollywood is more than capable of screwing it up . Here are five ways they could blow it . Do n't cast Sigourney Weaver Sure , someone could make a great "  Alien " movie without her . But why would you ? She 's a fine actress , she wants to do it and she would lend instant credibility to the project . Luckily , Blomkamp appears to agree . Chatter about a Blomkamp "  Alien " movie began almost two months ago when the South African filmmaker started posting "  Alien " - themed concept art to Instagram -- including images of Weaver as her Ripley character . Weaver also has a role in "  Chappie " and has gushed about Blomkamp 's talent , fueling speculation that the two will work together again . Keep the aliens exactly the same With their skeletal bodies , armored heads , dual sets of jaws and fangs dripping with venom , the "  Alien " xenomorphs are among the most iconic -- and freaky -- creatures in science fiction . They 're also almost four decades old , originally created by H.R. Giger . We 're not saying Blomkamp should replace them with something totally different . But every species evolves . Make them more cunning and even scarier looking . It 's time for a refresh . Thankfully , Blomkamp seems to have done just that with his early concept art . Have them attack Earth Invading space aliens have been a science-fiction staple since at least 1951 's "  The Day the Earth Stood Still . " But having a marauding alien terrorize Times Square or scamper down Sunset Boulevard would look pretty silly . The "  Alien " movies have generated suspense largely through the claustrophobic feel of humans trapped in enclosed spaces with deadly critters who might pop out at any moment . So instead of Earth , what about this : What if an alien stowaway or two infiltrate an exclusive space colony -- like Blomkamp 's own Elysium ? It might be satisfying to see the toothy monsters wreak havoc on a bunch of pampered elitists . Bow to ` Prometheus ' Ridley Scott 's 2012 film "  Prometheus " was a prequel of sorts to the first "  Alien . " And a rumored "  Prometheus " sequel , if it ever happens , is expected to veer even further from the "  Alien " mythology . Nothing against that film or against Scott , the creative force behind the "  Alien " franchise . But Blomkamp should feel free to pursue his own vision . "  Alien : The Musical ! " Haha ! Just kidding . We hope .	"  District 9 " director Neill Blomkamp will make a new movie in the "  Alien " series It will ignore the last two sequels and pick up the story after "  Aliens " His concepts look promising , but here 's how Hollywood could still screw it up
Brasov , Romania  CNN  -- The ruins of Poienari Castle sit high on a mountain peak with a seemingly never-ending vista looking out over deep gorges , charcoal-gray cliffs and mountain streams . It 's a natural paradise , but we did not make the trip to this castle just for the awesome view . Visitors come for its connection to history 's most famous vampire , Dracula . The famous book and the ensuing movies are fiction , but since Bram Stoker published his novel in 1897 , the world has been looking to Transylvania  in modern central Romania  as "  Count Dracula 's " home . And there is a bit of truth to it . Stoker never visited Eastern Europe , but his famous character is based , in part , on a real 15th-century prince . Vlad Dracula lived from 1431 to about 1476 and ruled Wallachia , which was actually south of Transylvania . As military leader , he was a hero to his people , and he has a place in the Romanian National Military Museum . Another museum explains the name "  Dracula " is actually a title from the knightly order of the dragon , whose mission was to defend Christianity . Documents he signed "  Vlad Dracula " still exist . A nickname often associated with him is Tepes , which means impaler , and comes from his brutal application of capital punishment by skewering bodies on a wooden spike . Visiting Dracula 's castle Poienari Castle is not on the main tourist route . In fact , it 's pretty hard to get there . Public transportation is infrequent , and the big tourist town in the region , Brasov , is hours away . The woman running our hostel found a friend to drive three of us for 40 euros each  about $ 55 U.S.  . Our guide for the excursion was Daniel Ignat , a 20-year-old bar tender and Brasov native . We piled into his tiny red Opel Corsa for the nearly three hour drive . He carefully speed around hairpin curves , over mountain passes and through farmland that looked like time stood still . Farmers drove horses pulling wooden carts , hay stacks were piled  by hand  outside farmhouses and cows occasionally wandered into our path . In places , the roads were so bad that Daniel had to drive on the wrong side of the road to avoid potholes that looked like they might swallow the car . When we arrived at a communist-era hydroelectric plant , we had to abandon the Opel and climb the final distance to Poienari Castle on foot . Rigorous journey The signs warn it is 1480 concrete steps straight up . I ca n't imagine an army hoping to take the castle . It 's hard enough taking the modern stairs . The castle entrance is guarded by a single keeper who speaks almost no English . The entrance fee is 5 Romanian lei  less than $ 2 U.S.  . Signs in English and Romanian explain Vlad expanded the castle in 1457 . Legend has it he captured the residents of an enemy town and forced them to build the castle as punishment . The structure was never huge , but now all that 's left is ruined walls about one-story high . As you walk through the citadel , you can get a feel for how Vlad and his garrisons peered out over the valleys below looking for enemies . Despite its rather well-accepted connection to Vlad , the castle is anything but a tourist trap . We only saw two other people on the beautiful fall day we visited . This is not the place to buy Dracula T-shirts . In fact , the only souvenirs we found were the few postcards the castle keeper offered for sale . Dracula a hero ? Most Romanians see Vlad as a bit of a hero , not the evil demon of "  Count Dracula " fame . As he drove us to Poienari , Daniel told us "  He was our leader . ... He does not deserve this reputation . " In the Middle Ages , brutal punishment and executions , including those like Vlad carried out were common . In fact , one museum suggested Vlad is more of a Robin Hood character , "  merciless with the rich ones that were violating the law , but at the same time , a reliable friend of the poor . For the peasants of Wallachia he was the national hero that served their cause . " Dracula 's more convenient castle ? Despite a rather tenuous connection with the historic Dracula , the place tourists seem to flock to seek out the vampire is Bran Castle . Still intact , sitting on a cliff with towers and sporting secret staircases , it just looks like it should have a spooky vampire inside . And that 's what the touts outside are banking on . Before you even get to the gate , venders are lined up hawking T-shirts , "  Vampire Wine " and Dracula-shaped coffee mugs . Vlad 's armies passed through when fighting in the area , but the museum points out there is little evidence he spent time here . The displays inside the castle are primarily devoted to the Romanian royal family , who used it as a residence in the first part of the 20th century , though one room does recount the history of the legend of Dracula , including bios of Stoker and Vlad . This left one young tourist confused . She stopped me , asked whether I spoke English , and asked in all seriousness "  Do you know where Dracula 's bedroom is ? " Bran Castle is less than an hour outside of Brasov . It 's on a main road , and the public bus is 8 lei  less than $ 3 U.S.  round trip . Entry is 20 lei  less than $ 7 U.S.  .	Ruins of Poienari Castle can be found in a rugged , isolated area of Romania 15th-century leader Vlad Dracula lived here , and tourists are sparse More tourists go to Bran Castle , which is intact but had little connection with Vlad
Tokyo  CNN  -- Hong Kong suspended food and milk imports from five prefectures in Japan on Wednesday after radiation was detected in vegetable imports at the city 's international airport . The government banned products that include milk , milk powder , vegetables and fruits produced and harvested from Chiba , Tochigi , Ibaraki , Gunma and Fukushima Prefectures , according to the Hong Kong Food and Health Department . Japanese meats and seafood imports have also been suspended "  unless there is official evidence stating that these products are in compliance with safety rules , " the department said . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday issued an import alert preventing milk , milk products , fresh vegetables and fruit from any of four prefectures -- Fukushima , Ibaraki , Tochigi and Gunma -- near the Fukushima nuclear reactors from entering the country . But shipments of spinach , milk and a leafy vegetable called kakina could "  test out " and enter the U.S. food supply if shown to be safe , an FDA spokeswoman said . Other foods from those prefectures will be diverted for testing , she added . Japanese food imports make up less than 4 % of food imported into the United States , the FDA says . "  Let 's say the contaminated spinach from Japan did make its way to the United States , " posed CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta . "  A person would have to eat the contaminated spinach from Japan every day for one year to get the same amount of radiation you would get from one CT  CAT  scan . " But the import bans are a part of a ripple effect stemming from a March 11 earthquake and subsequent tsunami that wreaked havoc on the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant 's six reactors and led to the release of unknown quantities of radioactive vapors . The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said three air monitors in California and one in Washington state have detected levels of radiation that were "  millions of times below levels of concern . " In Japan , that country 's Health Ministry reported Tuesday finding radioactive materials at levels "  drastically exceeding legal limits " in 11 types of vegetables grown in Fukushima prefecture , including broccoli and cabbage , according to Kyodo News Agency . None of the vegetables have been shipped since Monday , it said . The news agency , citing the ministry , said , "  If a person eats 100 grams  3 1/2 ounces  of the vegetable with the largest detected amount of radioactive materials for about 10 days , it would be equal to ingesting half the amount of radiation a person typically receives from the natural environment in a year . Prime Minister Naoto Kan asked Ibaraki Prefecture to suspend shipments of raw milk and parsley , and the government of Fukushima Prefecture told residents not to eat leafy vegetables , Kyodo reported . Japan 's Consumer Affairs Agency listed specific export bans on food items from Ibaraki , Tochigi and Gunma Prefectures , but did not list similar restrictions on the same food items for domestic consumers in those areas . The website of the Japanese prime minister 's office noted that "  temporary consumption will not affect your health . " Meanwhile , countries across the region implemented safety measures in an effort to restrict potentially tainted imports . Thailand 's government is focusing on Japanese shipments of meat , milk , fish and seaweed . A radiation physicist from the Office of Atoms for Peace said the agency will work with the country 's health ministry to do random checks of imported food from Japan . India has also ordered radiation tests of Japanese food at its ports and airports . Only food originating from Japan after March 11 will be tested . But the impact on Japanese food production and exports will largely depend on the types of radionuclides and the amount of radioactivity deposited where the food is produced or harvested . Radioactive iodine is considered an "  immediate concern , " but it has a relatively short half-life , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization and International Atomic Energy Agency . But radioactive caesium has also been detected in Japanese food , which can linger for years and cause long-term problems for food production and human health , according to the agencies . On Sunday , Japanese authorities slapped restrictions on milk and spinach that tested positive for radioactive cesium-137 and iodine-131 isotopes . Iodine-131 is radioactive . It collects in the human thyroid gland , which readily absorbs iodine , and could cause health problems , said Dr. James Cox , an oncology professor at the MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston , Texas . In addition to the spinach and milk , very small amounts of radioactive iodine have been detected in tap water near the plant . Cox , an expert on the effects of radiation on the survivors of Nagasaki and Hiroshima , said he believes the radiation levels measured in these products pose a "  nonexistent " immediate risk to humans , and "  very low " long-term risk . Still , he concedes that "  radiation doses ingested through food is really very poorly understood . " "  Children , especially very young children , concentrate iodine in the thyroid , and their thyroid is more susceptible to the radiation , " he noted . The immediate health risks for adults , by contrast , are minimal . "  I do n't think you could eat enough spinach and you probably could n't drink enough milk to have health risks , " Cox added . In the longer term , "  There is still a theoretical risk of development of cancer , 10 , 20 , 30 years later , " he said . But in the short term , radioactivity levels "  would have to be a factor of 10 greater to have any demonstrable health effects . " On Wednesday , Tokyo government officials advised residents not to give tap water to infants or use it in formula after tests at a purification plant detected higher levels of radioactive iodine . The city 's water agency said the spike was likely caused by problems at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , located 240 kilometers  150 miles  away .	NEW : Japan 's Consumer Affairs Agency listed food export bans that do not correspond to domestic restrictions NEW : Prime minister 's office said "  temporary consumption will not affect your health " Hong Kong suspended food and milk imports from five prefectures in Japan The move follows an import alert issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
CNN  A naturalized U.S. citizen pleaded not guilty in Ohio Friday to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the FBI . Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud , 23 , of Columbus , allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill Americans -- particularly U.S. soldiers , execution style , the U.S. Department of Justice said Thursday . Mohamud was remanded into custody on Friday . "  I am confident in the system working fairly and  in  our client getting a vigorous and aggressive defense , " said his lawyer , Sam Shamansky . Mohamud told someone that he wanted to target U.S. armed forces , police officers or other people in uniform , the indictment alleges , adding that "  Mohamud 's plan was to attack a military facility , and his backup plan was to attack a prison . " "  Mohamud talked about doing something big in the United States . He wanted to go to a military base in Texas and kill three or four American soldiers execution style , " it says . Mohamud allegedly said he was happy that his brother , Aden , died fighting for al-Nusra Front , al Qaeda 's largest affiliate in Syria . Mohamud told someone he planned to join Aden in death soon , the indictment says . He became a U.S. citizen in February 2014 and submitted a U.S. passport application days later , according to the indictment . Mohamud traveled to Syria in April 2014 "  for the purpose of training and fighting with terrorists , " prosecutors said in a news release . To get there , Mohamud bought a one-way ticket to Greece with a layover in Istanbul , Turkey , the Department of Justice said . He skipped the connecting flight "  and instead completed pre-arranged plans to travel to Syria . " Once there , he trained in shooting weapons , breaking into homes , using explosives and hand-to-hand combat , prosecutors said . Mohamud "  also stated that , after completing this training , he was instructed by a cleric in the organization to return to the United States and commit an act of terrorism . " CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this story .	Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud pleads not guilty to charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the FBI The Columbus , Ohio , resident became a U.S. citizen in February 2014 In April 2014 , he went to Syria for terrorism training , prosecutors say in a news release
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Managing expenses on the road does n't have to be a struggle , even in the most expensive city in the world . And what Oslo loses in costliness , it easily makes up with nature . The city sits on the innermost part of the Oslo Fjord , with forested hills , more than 40 islands and 343 lakes . For the best views catch a ferry from Vippetangen . Or better still take a cruise . The Oslo Pass , that provides access to 33 museums as well as free travel on public transport , also offers a free lunch cruise on board a traditional wooden sailing ship . You get a Norwegian prawn buffet as part of the deal and two-hour trip around the city 's islands and lakes . Boats leave at 10.30 , 13.00 and 15.30 .  http://www.norwayyachtcharter.com/  . Oslo 's most visited site is Vigeland Park that houses more than 200 huge , some say Rodin-esque , sculptures by celebrated Norwegian artist Gustav Vigeland . The park is 2km from the city center and it 's open seven days a week . It 's also free . Other free museums and attractions include the Nasjonalgalleriet with one of the original series of Edvard Munch 's The Scream ; the Astrup Fearnley museum for modern art with its own Damien Hirst ; and the botanical gardens . To reward a day 's cost cutting , and for the best sunset in town , try a seafood platter at restaurant , Solsiden  Søndre Akershus Kai 34 , phone 23-33-36-30  . It may not be the cheapest spot in town , but the evening sunset is worth the extra cost . The restaurant opens onto a pier looking over the Aker Brygge complex , a former shipyard area and now a hub for restaurants and bars . But this is a summer spot only , and closes between September and April .	For the best views of Oslo Fjord catch a lunch cruise on a wooden sailing ship Vigeland Park is 2km out of town and has more than 200 giant sculptures For the best seafood and sunset dine at Solsiden opposite the Aker Brygge complex
CNN  -- In the heart of the bustling capital of Cairo , Egypt , a lone female taxi driver navigates her bright yellow cab through the unforgiving traffic . "  I wanted to take this adventure , as I consider it an adventure , rather than an experience . Thank God , I believe it is a nice adventure so far and I feel happy with it , " Inas Hassan Ali says . Ali is one of only eight female cab drivers in a city where the profession is dominated by men . "  For me , it 's a very normal job , and there is nothing wrong for women to try to join a field of work that we deem as male-dominated . I see nothing wrong with that if the woman has the required skills and abilities , " Ali says . Female cab drivers started appearing in Cairo 's streets only earlier this year . While some welcome the transition , Ali is facing many challenges . "  Still the society is not used to such an idea -- that a woman joins a field of work that was only limited to men . And still there are some people who see it as strange . On the other hand , others get curious and wonder : how did you enter this area of work and why ? " Ali says . One factor that makes it difficult for women to break into a male-dominated profession is the high rate of sexual harassment in the country . In a recent report , the Egyptian Centre for Women 's Right  ECWR  concluded that 83 percent of Egyptian women and 98 percent of foreign women in Egypt have experienced sexual harassment in some way or another . "  It 's usual here in Egypt that women get subject to some minor acts when they drive a car . ... Some encourage and show support for me . Others act by trying to block my way to show they are more skillful drivers and to prove that it 's a male-dominated job , " Ali says . However for an enthusiastic Ali , the rewards of her profession move beyond gender politics . "  I am most interested in making my clients best satisfied at the end of the trip , regardless of their gender , as the common impression is that women are bad drivers , " she says . "  To have both men and women as my clients and make them feel comfortable is the greatest success for me . "	Inas Hassan Ali is one of only eight female cab drivers in Cairo She is proud of entering a male-dominated profession The job is not without challenges , Ali says Egypt has a high rate of sexual harassment of women
CNN  -- The linguists have spoken and they have decided -- "  Occupy " is 2011 's word of the year . Members of the American Dialect Society came out in record numbers to vote Friday night at the organization 's annual conference , held this year in Portland , Oregon . "  Occupy " won a runoff vote by a whopping majority , earning more votes than "  FOMO "  an acronym for "  Fear of Missing Out , " describing anxiety over being inundated by the information on social media  and "  the 99 % , "  those held to be at a financial or political disadvantage to the top moneymakers , the one-percenters  . Occupy joins previous year 's winners , "  app , " "  tweet , " and "  bailout . " "  It 's a very old word , but over the course of just a few months it took on another life and moved in new and unexpected directions , thanks to a national and global movement , " Ben Zimmer , chair of the New Words Committee for the American Dialect Society , said in a statement . The Occupy Wall Street movement began in September in Lower Manhattan , before spreading to communities around the country and the world as a call to action against unequal distribution of wealth and other issues . Founded in 1889 , the American Dialect Society is made up of "  academics , linguists , anyone involved in the specialization of language , " according to Grant Barrett , the society 's vice president . Barrett , who also co-hosts "  A Way with Words , " a public radio program about language , said the annual conference provides an opportunity for linguistics professionals and graduate students to share information and research . But Barrett says the word of the year vote , now in its 22nd year is , "  light-hearted and whimsical . " Nominations for the word of the year are submitted by society members in attendance at the annual conference , but can also be submitted by the community at large . "  Occupy " may have taken top honors , but several other words and phrases received recognition . "  Mellencamp , " a woman who has aged out of being a "  cougar "  after John Cougar Mellencamp  , and "  kardash , " a unit of measurement consisting of 72 days , after the short-lived marriage of Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries , were both recognized in the "  Most Creative " category . Barrett said many of the nominated words that have significance now likely wo n't stand the test of time . For instance , "  Tebowing " and "  9-9-9 " were quite popular in 2011 , but Barrett doubts they 'll last very long . Some words are just outright unnecessary -- like Charlie Sheen 's "  bi-winning , " a term he used to describe himself pridefully , dismissing accusations of being bipolar , and "  amazeballs , " a slang form of amazing . In the most outrageous category , "  deather " -- one who doubts the official story of the killing of Osama bin Laden -- was recognized . While all in good fun and a chance for "  good-natured intelligent people to let their hair down , " Barrett hopes the word of the year vote conveys two important messages to even the purist of linguists : "  Language change is normal . Language change is interesting . "	The word occupy "  took on another life " in 2011 , American Dialect Society member says Members of the society voted at the organization 's annual conference "  Kardash " -- in reference to Kim Kardashian 's short marriage -- deemed most creative
CNN  -- Fanatical Manchester United fan Usain Bolt has been offered the chance to fulfill a boyhood dream and turn out for the famous Red Devils . The fastest man in the world has often spoken of his wish to play for the English Premier League giants and used his Twitter blog to badger United star Rio Ferdinand to get him a trial at Old Trafford . Bolt was also a guest at United 's EPL home game against Fulham and went on the pitch to show off his Olympic gold medals to the crowd . Now manager Alex Ferguson has hinted Bolt could indeed turn out for the club . "  He 's a bit of a character and a big United fan . But it 's interesting he says he 'd like to play in a charity game , " Ferguson was quoted on their official website . "  It could be brilliant and next year , when we play Real Madrid 's Legends again , there could be opportunities to bring him up and see how he does . "  The people from these small islands , like Dwight Yorke from Trinidad & Tobago , they all play football and he probably played at school level or youth level or something like that . It 'd be nice to get him up here , I think it 'll be good . " Bolt , who has won six Olympic gold medals in the last two Games , would certainly add pace to the United attack and in the past has been to their training ground to pass on his expertise . "  He 's been to Carrington a couple of times , " Ferguson added . "  And he did help Cristiano Ronaldo with his sprinting , like he said . He took him aside one day . " Ferguson is a big fan of the Jamaican , describing his performances at the London Games as "  phenomenal . " Bolt could take heart from the feats of one of his British opponents in the 100m at the 2012 Olympics . World junior champion Adam Gemili narrowly missed out on running against him in the final , having turned to athletics after playing professional football for fourth flight Dagenham and Redbridge . Britain 's former Decathlon legend Daley Thompson also had trials with now EPL Reading at the end of his athletics career . .	Usain Bolt could play for Manchester United in a charity match Manager Alex Ferguson makes offer to the Jamaican superstar Bolt has often spoken of his wish to play for his favorite club He won three gold medals at the recent London 2012 Olympics
EW.com  -- When she gets a look at the latest list on Forbes.com , Drew Barrymore wo n't be smiling anymore . The magazine ranked her first on its list of "  Hollywood 's Most Overpaid Actors , " reporting that her films only bring in 40 cents for every dollar she is paid as an actress -- and that 's without taking into account the fall TV bust "  Charlie 's Angels , " on which Barrymore served as an executive producer . Eddie Murphy had the unenviable fate of taking second place , though his return  $ 2.70 for every dollar he 's paid  was significantly higher than Barrymore 's . While the jury is still out whether "  Tower Heist "  opening today  and his stint as Oscars host will bring Murphy the gold in 2012 , his fate for 2011 is sealed . See what other big names made the list after the jump . For this list , Forbes analyzed Hollywood 's 40 top-earning actors and their respective compensation for their starring roles in the last five years and compared it to the operating income on those films . Nicolas Cage  # 6  might be the person on the list who is simultaneously the most predictable and unexpected entrant . As a go-to guy for huge action flicks , it seems like he 'd generate healthy revenue stream . Then you remember his recent films include "  Season of the Witch , " "  Drive Angry , " and more recently "  Trespass , " which earned a paltry $ 16,000 in its first weekend . Yes , friends , that 's roughly the going rate for a Honda Fit . Cage 's "  Trespass " co-star Nicole Kidman also did n't fare well , landing in tenth place . Her ex Tom Cruise -- another tentpole action star with a questionable ability to return on his asking price -- took ninth place , though perhaps December 's "  Mission : Impossible " -- Ghost Protocol can turn things around for him next year . It was a tough year for funnymen , as Will Ferrell  # 3  , Adam Sandler  # 7  , and Vince Vaughn  # 8  all landed in the top 10 . A silver lining for Ferrell : He took first place in 2009 and 2010 , so dropping to third is actually an improvement . Kidman and Cage 's fellow Oscar winners Reese Witherspoon and Denzel Washington rounded out the pack in fourth and fifth place , respectively . Perhaps it was less of a surprise for Witherspoon , whom Forbes.com also ranked in this year 's list of highest-paid actresses . She brought back $ 3.55 for every dollar she was paid . It seems even the high-profile fan draw of co-star Robert Pattinson in April 's "  Water for Elephants " could n't bring her back from romcom flop "  How Do You Know . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Eddie Murphy had the unenviable fate of taking second place Nicolas Cage 's "  Trespass " co-star Nicole Kidman also did n't fare well Reese Witherspoon and Denzel Washington rounded out the pack in fourth and fifth place
It 's that time again : Lunar New Year . Red packets of money will change hands and dragon dances will roar through the streets as people around the world , predominately of Chinese descent , usher in the Year of the Horse . Beyond the usual Lunar New Year traditions , however , is a holiday full of interesting quirks and customs . 1 . Locals do n't call it Chinese New Year In China , the festivities are known as spring festival  春節  or Lunar New Year  農曆新年  -- the new year is determined by the lunar calendar . And the Chinese are n't the only ones who observe it . From late January to mid-February , Korea , Vietnam and other countries celebrate Lunar New Year . 2 . Traffic is chaos Lunar New Year is basically like having an entire country throw a family reunion -- all at once . Traffic Armageddon inevitably strikes . In China , the Spring Festival travel rush period  chunyun  is the country 's , if not the world 's , biggest season of human migration . Whether pushing their way into packed buses , buying black-market tickets from scalpers or standing for hours on a crowded train , travelers do whatever it takes to see loved ones . With commuters and migrant workers returning home , the government expects 3.62 billion journeys to take place this year , according to Xinhua news . In Korea last year , nearly 30 million people visited their hometowns by car , bus , train or plane , according to the Korea Expressway Corporation . 3 . It 's not just one day Lunar New Year lasts 15 days , starting from January 31 , 2014 . This year its last day falls on Valentine 's Day . It 's an action-packed holiday -- you can bet on horse races , watch parades , bargain in bazaars and fight for prime worship spot at the temple . 4 . It 's a season of superstitions During LNY , you live like a college student on the first day -- which means no showers , laundry or cleaning . Above all , there 's no taking out the trash -- doing so is said to wash away your luck and prosperity . You hang out with family  especially in-laws  on the second day , which is considered the beginning of the year . On the third day , visiting friends and family is frowned upon , because it 's a day prone to arguments . On the seventh day , it 's time to party in celebration of everyone 's birthday . 5 . You can rent a boyfriend Lunar New Year can be rough for singles , especially females . Many family reunions are highlighted by dreaded interrogations of singles who have n't settled down . Now there 's a solution -- boyfriend rentals . China 's largest online retailer , Taobao , has a section for fake boyfriend rentals , so parents and relatives can finally stop nagging . Renting a bogus marriage prospect ranges from RMB 500  $ 82  to 8,000  $ 1,321  per day . The package comes with "  a free embrace , hand holding and a goodbye kiss on the cheek , " as well as a list of additional specific service charges . According to People 's Daily , dinner costs RMB 50  $ 8  an hour and a trip to the movies is RMB 30  $ 5  -- double if it 's a thriller . 6 . Odd linguistic customs are observed In Parts of China , there are a few things you can and ca n't do over the Lunar New Year holiday -- simply because of how they sound . Footwear purchases are off limits for the entire lunar month , as the term for shoes  haai  sounds like losing and sighing in Cantonese . You can however , turn the Chinese character for luck  fu  upside down to make "  dao "  which sounds like arrival  and put it on your door to bring in good fortune for the new year . 7 . Firecrackers are for scaring away monsters Legend says the half-dragon , half-lion monster "  Nian " comes out of hiding and attacks people  especially children  during the Lunar New Year . His weakness ? Sensitive ears . In the old days , people would light bamboo stalks on fire to frighten the monster . Nowadays , you can watch spectacular fireworks display along the Hong Kong waterfront or play with firecrackers in a Beijing hutong . 8 . Red undies are critical for some Red is associated with luck and prosperity , but it 's used mainly for protective purposes . In addition to being spooked by loud noises , "  Nian " is frightened by the color red , which explains all the red you see on Lunar New Year decorations . For those born in the Year of the Horse -- turning 12 , 24 , 36 , 48 , 60 , 72 , 84 and 96 this year -- red undergarments are a must . Not because that pesky LNY monster has X-ray vision , but because red undies supposedly fend off misfortune in this unlucky year . Interestingly , the Cantonese term for pants  fu  sounds exactly like the word for wealth . 9 . It 's a time for sweets Food is central to all Chinese festivals , but sugary snacks are especially important for LNY , since they sweeten up prospects for the coming year . Traditional holiday treats include nian gao  rice pudding  , babaofan  eight treasure rice  , jau goks  crispy dumplings  , candied fruits and seeds . 10 . It has its own movie genre China and Hong Kong have a film genre called "  hesuipian " devoted to Lunar New Year . The films are usually illogical , uplifting comedies , with a focus on families and happy endings to make viewers feel warm and fuzzy . Similar to Christmas movies , really . Holiday favorites include the "  All 's Well , Ends Well " series  the 1992 classic stars Stephen Chow and Maggie Cheung  , "  Fat Choi Spirit " and "  It 's a Mad Mad World . " 11 . Customs are flexible Customs and superstitions are n't set in stone . There 's room for flexibility in interpretation and application . Banning shoes for the entire lunar month ? That depends on how you read the rules -- the word for shoe might sound like sighing , but it also sounds like harmony  hexie  . Not showering for the sake of Lunar New Year ? Many pass on that for obvious hygienic reasons . In the end , Lunar New Year is really about having a great time with family and friends , so many opt not to sweat the details .	Chinese government expects 3.62 billion people to travel during Lunar New Year If you were born in the Year of the Horse , red underwear is a must In China , single ladies can rent "  fake " boyfriends to fend off family interrogations
CNN  -- You may tell your airline if you prefer an aisle seat to a window seat or if you 'd rather have chicken than pasta . Some things , however , like the fact that you pick all the cashews from the mixed nuts , or that you always drink a gin and tonic in the airline lounge , you might not . Lately , though , airlines have a way of knowing your preferences , even when you do n't tell them . The culprit ? Social media , of course . Recently Qantas started a tryout to monitor digital conversations on social-media sites like Twitter or on Facebook . The technology comes from Australian start-up Local Measure , and it allows corporate clients to search not by keyword but by GPS coordinates . As a result , when a customer posts a picture on Instagram  even one without a caption  from one of ten Qantas airport lounges , the customer care team is alerted immediately . "  It allows us to pinpoint customer feedback to a specific location . If someone raises an issue , it gives our lounge staff the ability to step in and resolve the problem , " says Jo Boundy , head of digital communication at Qantas . If a customer groans on Twitter about a long line at the coffee counter or a broken printer in the business lounge , Qantas can respond in real time . According to Jonathan Barouch , chief executive at Local Measure , other airlines will be soon introducing the technology to their lounges as well , allowing the companies not only to respond to problems , but to anticipate them as well . "  It helps our clients better understand what people are thinking about their experience , " he says . Read more : How high-end airline meals are made For example , Barouch says , a customer recently tweeted a picture of cereals on offer at the Qantas first-class lounge and noted that his favorite was absent . The next time he visited the lounge , the cereal was there . "  Qantas knew how to surprise and delight the consumer . It 's all little things , but they do add up , " he says . Because of the speed with which a staff member can respond on Twitter or Facebook , social media has quickly become a favored platform for airlines ' customer service . KLM Royal Dutch Airlines employs 130 people to monitor different social-media platforms , including VKontakte , a social networking website popular among Russian-speaking users , and Sina Weibo , the Chinese equivalent of Twitter . Social media has become such a popular medium for KLM customers that the company introduced an estimated service response time to their Twitter account , even though the ability to do so is n't built into Twitter  KLM works around this by updating the background image every five minutes  . For the most part , response times hover around one hour . Read more : Airline upgrades are now up for action "  We decided to put our money where our mouth is and show our real-time performance , " says Martijn van der Zee , senior vice president of e-commerce for Air France-KLM . Reflecting how attuned the company is to their online followers and customers , their suggestions help KLM create new products and services , including one introduced last week that allows non-passengers to purchase upgrades and gifts for friends and family traveling with the airline . Other ideas developed from social media are destination guides based on cabin-crew favorite spots , and a service that allows staff members sweep planes for forgotten wallets , tablets and mobile phones , and contact the customers  sometimes before they realize their item is missing  . "  If these were suggested to me four years ago , I might have said , ` These are n't relevant , ' but now we know that they are , because we get messages coming in every day telling us they are , " says van der Zee . "  We have 30,000 interactions a week . That 's a lot of input , and it 's motivated us to keep pushing the envelope . "	Social media has become a favored platform airlines ' customer service Qantas has started a tryout to monitor digital conversations on social-media sites like Twitter or on Facebook KLM has staff members to monitor different social-media platforms
CNN  -- Pennsylvania 's attorney general would not rule out Monday the possibility of additional charges or the discovery of more victims in the case of a former Penn State university football coach accused of sexually abusing boys between 1994 and 2009 . Speaking at a news conference , Attorney General Linda Kelly urged anyone with information about the case to come forward , particularly the unidentified boy whom a graduate assistant testified was assaulted by former Penn State defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky in 2002 . She said the alleged failure of two top Penn State university officials to report abuse claims likely perpetuated a nightmarish loop of abuse . "  Their inaction likely allowed a child predator to continue to victimize children for many , many years , " Kelly said of Penn State Athletic Director Timothy Curley , 57 , and Gary Schultz , 62 , the university 's senior vice president for finance and business . The men , each charged with one count of perjury and one count of failure to report suspected abuse , were released Monday on $ 75,000 bail each after an arraignment hearing in a small courtroom packed with reporters . They appeared flanked by their attorneys , each of whom said the men were innocent of the charges and they would fight to clear their names . Sandusky is accused of abusing eight boys and is charged with involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and numerous other charges . He was released Saturday on $ 100,000 bail . His attorney , Joseph Amendola , did not return a message from CNN seeking comment Monday . Amendola earlier told CNN affiliate WJAC that Sandusky has known about the allegations for three years . "  Jerry feels like , because of his background and reputation , it took a long time to reach this conclusion , and he 's been ready for it , " Amendola told the station . While Kelly declined to comment on whether publicity surrounding the case since Sandusky 's arrest on Saturday has generated leads , she said that given the lengthy period over which the abuse allegedly occurred , it is not "  beyond the realm of possibility " that as-yet unknown victims will come forward . Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Frank Noonan said the case is one of the more unusual he has investigated during his career because no action was taken against Sandusky despite repeated eyewitness accounts alleging inappropriate activity on his part involving young boys . "  As you go through this case as I have , there are n't many heroes , " he said . "  These children are scarred for life . " Sandusky , Curley and Schultz were each charged after a multiyear grand jury investigation . Curley and Schultz stepped down late Sunday after an emergency meeting of the university 's board of trustees . They "  allegedly failed to report the sexual assault of a young boy after the information was brought to their attention , and later made false statements to a grand jury that was investigating a series of assaults on young boys , " Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly said over the weekend . Read the indictment  PDF   warning : graphic content The news sent shock waves through the Penn State community , a university known for the good reputation of its athletic programs . "  I firmly believe that any person is innocent until proven guilty , " Interfraternity Council President Dan Florencio said , according to the Penn State student newspaper , The Daily Collegian . "  But the damage has already been done to make Penn State look bad . " Earlier , Penn State President Graham Spanier said Curley and Schultz have his "  unconditional support . " "  I have complete confidence in how they have handled the allegations about a former university employee , " he said , adding that the charges are "  groundless . " On Monday , though , Spanier requested that a fund-raiser for the Renaissance Fund -- one in which he and his wife , Sandra , were set to be honored -- be canceled . Moneys raised would have gone toward scholarships for the school 's general population , a drive the president called "  our highest fund-raising priority . " "  President Spanier and his wife asked that it be postponed until spring because their attention is so heavily focused right now on the troubling charges by the attorney general , " Spanier said in a statement . Curley asked to be placed on administrative leave so he could devote time needed to defend himself , the university said Monday . Schultz will go into retirement , it said . While Kelly said that Penn State head football coach Joe Paterno has cooperated with authorities and is not a target of the investigation , she declined to comment on whether investigators were looking at anyone else for possible charges . Sandusky , 67 , served 23 years as defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions football team and also founded a charity to help troubled youth . Many of the boys who testified to the grand jury about their abuse claims were participants in that program , The Second Mile , the grand jury said . Sandusky allegedly engaged in fondling , oral sex and anal sex with young boys over a period of more than 10 years , according to the investigative grand jury 's summary of testimony . "  This is a case about a sexual predator who used his position within the university and community to repeatedly prey on young boys , " Kelly said Saturday . On Sunday , Paterno called the charges "  shocking . " "  If true , the nature and amount of charges made are very shocking to me and all Penn Staters . While I did what I was supposed to with the one charge brought to my attention , like anyone else involved , I ca n't help but be deeply saddened these matters are alleged to have occurred , " Paterno said in a statement . Overheard on CNN.com : Penn State head coach should 've done more According to the grand jury , Sandusky in some cases promised the boys gifts or invited them to football games and sleepovers . Some of the incidents allegedly occurred in Penn State athletic facilities . Sandusky , who retired from coaching in 1999 , maintains his innocence . Sandusky founded The Second Mile , a charity to help troubled youth , in 1977 and it provided him with "  access to hundreds of boys , many of whom were vulnerable due to their social situations , " the grand jury said . In a statement Monday , Second Mile said it was never "  aware of the very serious allegations contained in the grand jury report " and noted that it had removed Sandusky from any programs involving children in 2008 , after it had been notified of the allegations against him . The group said it is asking any other potential victims to contact authorities . "  Our highest priority always has been and will continue to be the safety and well-being of the children participating in our program . We encourage program participants to report any allegations of abuse and \ or inappropriate sexual activity where ever it has occurred , and we take any such reports directly to Child Protective Services , " the statement said . "  We have many policies and procedures designed to protect our participants , including employee and volunteer background checks , training and supervision of our activities . " Sandusky , who was arrested and released Saturday on $ 100,000 unsecured bail , faces seven counts of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and numerous other charges , including aggravated indecent assault and endangering the welfare of a child . A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Wednesday , but defense attorney Joseph Amendola told WJAC he expects it be postponed in order for attorneys to have enough time to bring in witnesses . The grand jury investigation was initiated by the claims of one boy who alleged that Sandusky had "  indecently assaulted " him and engaged in sex acts while the boy was a guest at his home , according to the attorney general . The victim met Sandusky through the former coach 's Second Mile charity , Kelly said . Sandusky allegedly used expensive gifts such as trips to professional and college games , golf clubs , a computer and money , Kelly said . The relationship , which began in 2005 and lasted into 2008 , included overnight stays at Sandusky 's home , where touching led to sexual acts , according to Kelly and grand jury testimony . Timeline of abuse claims "  One of the most compelling and disturbing pieces of testimony in this investigation came from an eyewitness to a late-night sexual assault that allegedly occurred in March of 2002 , in the locker room of the Lasch Football Building on the University Park Campus , " Kelly said . "  Hearing what sounded like sexual activity in the showers of a building that was supposed to be empty , a graduate assistant reportedly observed Sandusky sexually assaulting a naked boy who appeared to be about 10 years old . " The assistant reported the incident to Paterno , who in turn alerted athletic director Curley , Kelly said . "  It was obvious that the witness was distraught over what he saw , but he at no time related to me the very specific actions contained in the grand jury report . Regardless , it was clear that the witness saw something inappropriate involving Mr. Sandusky . As Coach Sandusky was retired from our coaching staff at that time , I referred the matter to university administrators , " Paterno said . But instead of reporting the incident to authorities , Curley and Schultz banned Sandusky from having children from Second Mile visit the football building , Kelly said . The grand jury found that Curley committed perjury in repeatedly denying that he had ever been told that Sandusky had engaged in sexual misconduct with a child , Kelly said . "  Assertions by Schultz that the allegations concerning Sandusky were ` not that serious ' and that he and Curley ` had no indication that a crime had occurred ' were in direct contradiction to other testimony and constituted perjury , " Kelly wrote . In all , the grand jury identified eight boys , ranging in age from about 8 to 14 , who were the targets of similar sexual advances or assaults by Sandusky from 1994 to 2009 . All of the victims first encountered Sandusky through Second Mile activities , Kelly said . Authorities said they are continuing to search for additional possible victims and that the case remains active . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman and Sarah Hoye contributed to this report .	NEW : Penn State 's president postpones a major fund-raising dinner due to the scandal Two university officials charged with failing to report suspected abuse released on bail Sandusky , out on bail , maintains he is innocent The alleged assaults on eight boys occurred between 1994 and 2009
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Workers who are legally prescribed marijuana to treat illness can still be fired from their jobs , following a ruling Thursday from the California Supreme Court . Medical marijuana user Angel Raich , 41 , had her pot confiscated while her case was appealed . The 5-2 decision upheld the job termination of Gary Ross , who flunked a company drug test shortly after being hired at a telecommunications firm . A state referendum that allows people to use medical marijuana with a physician 's recommendation are immune from some state criminal drug possession charges . But the state high court said such legal protection only goes so far . "  Nothing in the text or history of the Compassionate Use Act suggests the voters intended the measure to address the respective rights and duties of employers and employees , " wrote Justice Kathryn Mickle Werdegar . "  Under California law , an employer may require pre-employment drug tests , and take illegal drug use into consideration in making employment decisions . " The court agreed with RagingWire Telecommunications ' contention it had a right to fire Ross because any marijuana use is illegal under separate U.S. law . The company said its work across state borders could put it in legal jeopardy from federal labor standards involving the conduct and production of its work force . The U.S. Supreme Court has said the Bush administration can prohibit the backyard cultivation of pot for personal use , because such use has broader social and financial implications . A federal appeals court last March said medical marijuana users can be subject to arrest and confiscation of the material , under federal anti-drug laws . The issue is being closely watched because of the obvious conflict between state and federal laws over the use of medical marijuana . Various courts have said the federal Controlled Substances Act does not violate state autonomy . The latest case involves Ross ' back problems stemming from injuries sustained when he served in the U.S. Air Force . He received a physician 's recommendation to use pot in 1999 and presented a card certifying his use of the narcotic when he took the employment drug test in 2001 . Ross said his condition does "  not affect his ability to do the essential functions of the job " his former employer hired him to do , according to his original complaint . The Sacramento-based company said its no-tolerance policy applies to all workers , since potential "  abuse of drugs and alcohol " could lead to "  increased absenteeism , diminished productivity , greater health costs , increased safety problems , and potential liability to third parties , " according to the company 's lawyers . Ross ' job performance was not at issue in the case . The state supreme court said the law allowing use of marijuana for some patients is "  modest " in scope , limiting the rights of some patients . The U.S. Supreme Court ruling in 2005 for the Bush administration giving it broad authority to crack down on illegal drug use was criticized by patient rights groups and the movement to legalize marijuana . "  Congress ' power to regulate purely activities that are part of an economic ` class of activities ' that have a substantial effect on interstate commerce is firmly established , " wrote Justice John Paul Stevens . Under federal law , the Controlled Substances Act prevents the cultivation and possession of marijuana , even by people who claim personal "  medicinal " use . The federal government has argued its overall anti-drug campaign would be undermined even by limited patient exceptions . That high court case involved a separate lawsuit from a pot patient from Oakland , California , who has a variety of medical conditions , including a brain tumor . Angel Raich had her pot confiscated and was not allowed to use it while her case was appealed . The Drug Enforcement Administration began raids in 2001 against patients using the drug and their caregivers in California . Along with California , 11 other states have passed laws permitting marijuana use by patients with a doctor 's approval : Alaska , Colorado , Hawaii , Maine , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Oregon , Rhode Island , Vermont and Washington . Arizona also has a similar law , but no formal program in place to administer prescription marijuana . California 's Compassionate Use Act permits patients with a doctor 's approval to grow , smoke or acquire the drug for "  medical needs . " Users include television host Montel Williams , who has multiple sclerosis . E-mail to a friend	California court upheld the termination of an employee who flunked drug test Although California allows medical marijuana , could still lead to firing Company said its work across state borders could make it subject to federal law State law protection for medical marijuana only goes so far , high court says
An Iranian court has dismissed a lower court 's death sentence for an American ex-Marine accused of espionage in Iran , state media reported Monday . A lower court sentenced Amir Mirzaei Hekmati to death in January , but the nation 's Supreme Court annulled that sentence and ordered a retrial , state-run Press TV said . The lower court previously had convicted the 28-year-old of "  working for an enemy country , " as well as membership in the CIA and "  efforts to accuse Iran of involvement in terrorism , " the semi-official Fars news agency has reported . The U.S. State Department has strongly condemned his conviction . "  Allegations that Mr. Hekmati either worked for or was sent to Iran by the CIA are simply untrue , " department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said earlier this year . "  The Iranian regime has a history of falsely accusing people of being spies , of eliciting forced confessions , and of holding innocent Americans for political reasons . " Hekmati 's family also denies the allegations . Hekmati was arrested in August while visiting his grandmother and other relatives , his family in Michigan said . The Hekmatis said their son served in the U.S. Marines from 2001 to 2005 . Later , he started his own linguistics company and contracted his services to the military as well as civilian businesses . His military contracts included cultural competency training . He worked with troops at military bases to promote understanding and positive communication with people of other cultures , his family said .	Iran 's Supreme Court orders a retrial in the espionage case , state media report Amir Mirzaei Hekmati is accused of spying and was sentenced to death in January His family and the U.S. government deny the allegations The status of his case was not immediately clear Monday
CNN  -- When White House press secretary Josh Earnest said this week that President Barack Obama had "  substantially improved the tranquillity of the global community , " many observers reacted with disbelief . When the President refused to go to the U.S.-Mexico border last week to see the crisis of young people flooding into the United States because "  he 's not interested in photo ops , " lesser mortals noted he had played pool with Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper , dropped by a brewery to have a beer and shook hands with a man wearing a horse-head mask . When he went to Delaware on Thursday and opened with a few sentences about the shooting down of a Malaysian airliner in Ukraine before joking about Joe Biden and going back to his prepared text on infrastructure , many thought he had failed to take seriously an international disaster . They were even less impressed when he had lunch at the Charcoal Pit and ordered burgers and fries  not a photo op , of course  . It was not until 24 hours later that he took to the podium to promise an aggressive investigation . With the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria causing the collapse of Iraq and continued violence in Syria , the Syrian dictatorship consolidating its power , the Iranians failing to take steps to end their nuclear weapons program and Hamas firing more than 1,000 rockets at Israel , the President and his team have moved decisively to brief The New York Times on his passion for late-night intellectual dinners exploring physics , architecture and questions far more profound than the fate of the Middle East . It is as though the more dangerous the world becomes the more Obama hides in a fantasy world of avoiding the responsibilities of the presidency . He uses the office to surround himself with court jesters who distract him in an enlightened and noble way from the growing failures of his policies and the rapidly expanding threats to the civilized world . Finally , as Russian President Vladimir Putin continues to flex his muscles and expand his policies , there is a psychologically bizarre pattern of the President 's staff referring to Obama as "  the Bear . " The President refers to himself when he asserts "  the Bear is loose . " Of course with a President who last week used "  I " , "  my " or "  mine " 207 times in one speech , the concept is beyond bizarre . The White House staff , thinking somehow that this was clever , promptly turned the phrase into a Twitter hashtag , #TheBearIsLoose . Obama 's idea of a loose bear is an unplanned walk to a Starbucks near the White House . Putin 's idea of a loose bear is stealing Crimea . Obama 's idea of risk-taking is shooting pool with a Democratic governor . Putin 's idea of risk-taking is handing out anti-aircraft missiles to rebels in Ukraine . Putin 's actions remind us of a time when America was threatened by a real metaphorical bear , as a 1984 Reagan campaign ad referred to the Soviet Union . The self-image of Obama as a bear is so delusional that it brings into question the degree to which he is simply out of touch with reality . Which brings us back to Earnest 's quote about tranquillity in the international community . What he 's channeling is Obama 's personal tranquillity . From his perch in the amazingly Obama-centric world in which our President lives , look again at what the rest of us think of as serious problems . Have any of the 1,000-plus Hamas rockets been aimed at Obama ? No . That is why Obama is tranquil . Have any of the thousands who are crossing the border tried to move into the White House ? No . That is why Obama is tranquil . Is ISIS an immediate threat to the United States that is likely to blow up the next golf course the President is playing at ? No . That is why Obama is tranquil . If you can reduce your presidency to a Starbucks visit , a man with a horse-head mask , shooting pool and visiting Joe Biden 's burger joint for lunch , you can have a successful presidency as you have defined it , even if the world is disintegrating . The President 's detachment from reality is fast infecting the rest of his party . How else can we explain fellow Democrat and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stating this week that "  the border is secure " ? This "  tranquillity " line was a Freudian slip by the President 's spokesman that reveals the deep gap between reality and the Obama White House . Obama is rapidly becoming the weakest president since James Buchanan failed to stop the drift toward Civil War . Self-delusion and a rich fantasy life are dangerous in a president . They often lead to disasters that are unimaginable until they happen . That is what we have to worry about for the next two years until he leaves public office for a private fantasyland . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich : The more dangerous world becomes more Obama hides in fantasy world He says Obama 's self-image as a "  bear " is delusional and out of touch with reality Gingrich : Putin 's muscular approach makes Obama look weak and disconnected
With six years and dozens of Cabinet nominations under his belt , President Barack Obama has learned that first picks do n't always work out . That lesson , introduced before he even took office , is only made clearer by the process of replacing outgoing Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel . The top names on the White House "  shortlist " -- which included former high-ranking Pentagon official Michele Flournoy , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and Rhode Island Democratic Sen. Jack Reed -- all withdrew themselves from consideration . Obama 's expected pick , former Pentagon number two Ashton Carter , was on the shortlist too . But reports he 'd been selected for the job only emerged after the others dropped out . The letdown of going with second  or third  choices for Cabinet positions is n't new for Obama . Here are other first picks who did n't make it : Susan Rice -- Secretary of State When Secretary of State Hillary Clinton left her post following Obama 's re-election in 2012 , Susan Rice quickly emerged as the frontrunner to replace her . Then the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Rice was seen as a close Obama confidante who had earned the his trust beginning with her work as a policy adviser during the 2008 campaign . But her prospects of becoming the nation 's top diplomat faded amid uproar over her statements about the September 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi , Libya , which Republicans claimed were misleading . Obama consistently defended Rice from the attacks , even saying that if Republicans wanted to go after someone in the administration on Benghazi , "  they should go after me . " But anticipating a drawn-out and rancorous confirmation process on Capitol Hill , Rice withdrew her name from consideration . In a letter to Obama , she wrote "  the confirmation process would be lengthy , disruptive , and costly -- to you and to our most pressing national and international priorities . That trade-off is simply not worth it to our country . " Obama eventually picked then-Sen . John Kerry for the post , and Rice moved into the White House as the president 's National Security Adviser . Tom Daschle -- Health and Human Services secretary Before he was even sworn into office , Obama had felt the sting of a first-choice nominee being stymied by controversy . Tom Daschle , the former Senate Majority Leader from South Dakota , had been a staunch and important supporter of Obama 's , endorsing him almost a year before early primaries and caucuses in 2008 . His name  along with many others  was even floated as a potential vice presidential pick . When it came time to name a nominee for Health and Human Services secretary , Daschle was a natural choice . Obama announced his pick in December 2008 , after he had won the election but before he took office . Two months later , the nomination was in shambles : Daschle admitted failing to report $ 15,000 in charitable donations and conceded he had n't reported using a car service . That was after he was forced to pay $ 140,000 in back taxes . Recognizing the political firestorm ahead , Daschle withdrew his nomination . Later , Obama admitted he made a mistake in how he handled the process . "  I think I screwed up , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  And I take responsibility for it and we 're going to make sure we fix it so it does n't happen again . " Later that month , Obama nominated Kathleen Sebelius , then the governor of Kansas , to run his health agency . Bill Richardson and Judd Gregg -- Commerce Secretary Commerce Secretary is n't typically the highest profile post in a president 's administration . But in the early days of Obama 's tenure the task of filling the job turned into multiple disappointments , as one candidate became embroiled in disclosure problems and another withdrew for ideological reasons . Bill Richardson , the former Clinton administration official who in 2008 was serving as governor of New Mexico , was Obama 's first pick for Commerce . Former rivals during the Democratic primaries , Richardson endorsed Obama during the extended battle with Clinton . But the nomination process soured as federal investigators looked into Richardson 's ties to a company that did business with his state . Richardson denied any wrongdoing , but said the extended probe would force an "  untenable delay " in his confirmation process . Sen. Judd Gregg , a Republican from New Hampshire , was Obama 's next pick . He was one of three Republicans Obama had asked to join his Cabinet in an attempt to convene a "  team of rivals " in Washington . And while Obama likely anticipated some disagreements , Gregg eventually realized their differences would be impossible to overcome . He withdrew his nomination citing "  irresolvable conflicts " with Obama 's economic plans , and said it had "  obviously " been a mistake to accept the nomination in the first place . Gary Locke , who had served as governor of Washington State , was the third -- and final -- pick for the job . Sanjay Gupta -- Surgeon General Shortly after taking office , Obama considered tapping neurosurgeon and CNN chief medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta as his surgeon general . Aides said Gupta was Obama 's top choice for the post , which is the nation 's highest-ranking official for public health issues but is n't a Cabinet-level position . But after speaking with senior members of Obama 's administration , Gupta withdrew his name , saying he would have been forced to give up practicing medicine to take the job . He told Larry King he felt flattered to have been considered for the job , but that the timing was inconvenient . It was n't for another four months that Obama named his eventual pick , Alabama physician Regina Benjamin .	Obama is expected to nominate Ashton Carter as defense secretary Carter emerged as the frontrunner after other candidates withdrew Obama has had to make second choices for several Cabinet positions
CNN  -- Two hostages of suspected Somali pirates died after a rescue effort by the Danish navy , an operation that freed 16 other hostages , the Danish military said Tuesday . A Danish warship , the Absalon , tasked with patrolling waters near the Somali coast to ward off piracy , fired warning shots against what the navy described as a pirate "  mother ship " that failed to stop , the military said . Military personnel then boarded the vessel and found 17 suspected pirates and 18 hostages , two of whom were critically wounded . Despite medical treatment , navy doctors were unable save their lives , the military said . An investigation into the deaths is under way . The hostages had been the original crew of what became the mother ship .	Danish navy launches operation to free hostages held by alleged Somali pirates Two hostages die after the operation ; an investigation into the deaths is under way
CNN  -- A New Jersey grand jury declined to indict a mother accused of child endangerment for allegedly allowing her 5-year-old daughter to use a tanning bed , resulting in leg burns , prosecutors said Tuesday . New Jersey law bans children under 14 years old from using tanning salons . Patricia Krentcil , 44 , of Nutley , New Jersey , pleaded not guilty last May to second-degree child endangerment and has been free on $ 25,000 bail . The girl remained in her parents ' custody during the grand jury proceedings . The Essex County , New Jersey , grand jury issued its "  no bill " Tuesday , said Acting Essex County Prosecutor Carolyn A. Murray . "  The decision to no bill the case became official today , " said a statement from Murray 's office . "  That ends the Essex County Prosecutor 's Office involvement with this matter . " Last April , school officials noticed burns on the girl 's legs and reported the injuries to authorities . Following an investigation , Krentcil was arrested on April 24 , 2012 , prosecutors said . "  We presented all the available evidence in the case to the grand jury , both the state 's evidence and the defense 's evidence . The grand jurors voted not to indict Mrs. Krentcil . We respect their decision , " Assistant Prosecutor Gina Iosim said in a statement . She presented the case to the grand jury . Prosecutors had accused Krentcil of allowing her daughter inside a stand-up tanning booth at a salon in the northern New Jersey town of Nutley . Last year , Krentcil 's attorney said that Krentcil allowed her daughter to accompany her to the salon , but never allowed the girl into a booth .	Patricia Krentcil , 44 , is accused of second-degree child endangerment But a New Jersey grand jury declines to indict her Prosecutor 's office ends its involvement in the case Mom was accused of illegally allowing daughter , 5 , to use a tanning bed
London  CNN  -- Singer Justin Bieber kept thousands of fans and their tired , outraged parents up way past their bedtime Monday after arriving on stage nearly two hours late for a sold out show at London 's O2 Arena . Bieber was greeted by choruses of boos from the sell-out crowd amid scenes of tearful devastation as scores of sobbing school-aged "  Beliebers " were hauled away minutes into the singer 's set by parents desperate to catch last trains home on a school night . .	Justin Bieber takes stage nearly two hours late at concert in London Many young fans were taken home by angry parents before Bieber finally appeared
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A sculpture of a giant white horse taller than the Statue of Liberty is set to tower over the countryside as part of an unusual scheme to help revive the fortunes of a depressed region of England . The 50-meter high horse will dominate the landscape around Ebbsfleet . The 50-meter equine artwork was Tuesday announced as the winner of a competition to design a landmark to dominate the skyline of the Ebbsfleet Valley , set to be a new stop on the Eurostar London-to-Paris rail link . Designed by artist Mark Wallinger -- whose previous work has included dressing in a bear suit and wandering around a gallery in Berlin -- the # 2 million  $ 3 million  horse will be one of the largest artworks in the UK . Wallinger 's horse -- which echoes ancient white horse symbols carved into hillsides around Britain -- beat a shortlist of designs that included a tower of stacked cubes and giant steel nest . Victoria Pomery , head of the panel that selected the design , described the 33-times normal size horse as "  outstanding . " "  Mark is a superb artist of world renown and his sculpture will become a real landmark for Ebbsfleet Valley and the whole region , " she said . It drew a less favorable response from readers of local Web site Kentnews.com , who described it as a "  waste of money , " an "  abomination " and "  depressing . " One correspondent , Andy Smith , added : "  This horse looks extremely silly . "	Giant horse announced as winner of competition to design new landmark Equine artwork is brainchild of conceptual artist Mark Wallinger Design 's selectors describe sculpture as "  outstanding , " critics say it 's "  silly "
CNN  -- Earth never stops surprising us . Every corner of the planet offers some sort of natural peculiarity with an explanation that makes us wish we 'd studied harder in junior high Earth science class . Some of these sites are challenging to get to ; others are busy tourist destinations . They keep natural scientists searching for answers and the rest of us astounded by the secrets and mysteries the world continues to reveal . Blood Falls , Antarctica Most people wo n't see Blood Falls in person , but even in photographs , the sight is arresting : a blood-red waterfall staining the snow-white face of Taylor Glacier . The place was documented in 1911 by geographer/geologist Thomas Griffith Taylor , a member of Robert Falcon Scott 's ill-fated expedition to the Antarctic .  Scott named the glacier for Taylor . 8 very old sites in the New World Since then , glaciologists and microbiologists have sought to determine what causes the mysterious red flow . They 've concluded that the source is a subterranean lake rich in the iron that gives the water its red hue . Stranger still , recent research has revealed microorganisms living 1,300 feet beneath the ice , sustained by the iron and sulfur in the water . Magnetic Hill , Moncton , New Brunswick What could possibly cause an automobile to roll backward uphill without power ? A magnetic force from within the Earth ? Something even more fantastic ? Since the 1930s , when the phenomenon of Magnetic Hill was discovered  and almost immediately promoted as a tourist attraction  , people have been trying to figure out its riddle . Even though it 's been demonstrated that the "  magnetic force " is an optical illusion and the uphill slope is actually a downhill slope , that has n't stopped carloads of travelers from visiting Magnetic Hill and testing it for themselves . Digging deep : 15 ancient ruins you might not know Surtsey , Iceland When people try to convince you there 's nothing new under the sun , direct them to the Icelandic island of Surtsey . Before 1963 , it did n't exist . Then , an underwater volcano in the Westman Islands  Vestmannaeyjar  erupted , and when the activity settled down in 1967 , what remained was an island where no island had been before . At its largest , Surtsey measured about 1 square mile , but wind and water have eroded the volcanic matter to a little more than half that size . Presented with this unsullied environment , the Icelandic government determined that the best thing to do was preserve it . Thus , although you can sail past it on a Westman Islands day cruise , Surtsey remains off-limits to just about everyone except marine biologists , geologists , botanists and other scientists conducting research there . 8 elegant U.S. mansion hotels Moeraki Boulders , New Zealand Large spherical boulders -- some measuring 12 feet in circumference -- are scattered on Koekohe Beach on the east coast of New Zealand 's South Island . They formed millions of years ago on the ancient sea floor , collecting and hardening sediment and minerals around a core such as a fossil or a shell similar to the way oysters form pearls . They 're not the world 's only examples of what geologists call septarian concretions . You can also visit the Koutu Boulders near Hokianga Harbour on the northwestern coast of New Zealand 's North Island , for example . Yet the Moeraki Boulders are some of the world 's largest . The particulars of their origin and what caused the distinctive cracks inside them are still being studied . Midnight sun , Spitsbergen , Norway From April 20 to August 23 , the sun never sets over Svalbard , a Norwegian archipelago that lies north of Greenland in the Arctic Sea . The phenomenon plays havoc with everyone 's body clocks . Is it noon ? Is it midnight ? After a day or two , it 's hard to tell . Among the northernmost yet still-accessible places to experience the midnight sun is Spitsbergen , the largest island in the group . The island is well-suited and accommodating to travelers , who tend to keep strange hours in summer and who soon understand why their hotel rooms have been fitted with darkening curtains . Pamukkale , Turkey What appears to be a Doctor Zhivago-style snowy landscape in southwestern Turkey is actually the result of calcium carbonate deposits from 17 natural hot springs accumulating over thousands of years . Beginning in the late second century B.C. , this area near present-day Denizli was a destination for those who sought the therapeutic benefits of the mineral-rich water whose temperature reaches upward of 100 degrees Fahrenheit . Today , you can see remnants of the baths at the ancient holy city of Hierapolis , but it 's the stunning terraces , cliffs and petrified white waterfalls of Pamukkale -- Turkish for "  Cotton Palace " -- that give it remarkable natural beauty . Racetrack Playa , Death Valley , California How ordinary stones manage to "  sail " over the surface of Racetrack Playa in Death Valley National Park is a mystery people have tried to solve since 1915 , when a prospector and his wife noticed tracks that seemed to indicate that the stones had somehow traveled across the dry earth . Short of cosmic intervention , the stones required terrestrial forces to move them . But what forces ? The current prevailing theory about the "  sailing stones " of Racetrack Playa , presented by a team of physicists in 2011 , involves ice that forms around the stones , causing them to move and to leave a trail in their wake . Many visitors still hope for a more mystical explanation . Eternal Flame Falls , Orchard Park , New York Behind the cascade of a small waterfall in the Shale Creek Preserve section of Chestnut Ridge Park in suburban Buffalo , New York , you might see what appears to be an optical illusion : a flickering golden flame . Actually , you 'll smell it before you see it , and amazingly , it 's real , fueled by what geologists call a macroseep of natural gas from the Earth below . A geological fault in the shale allows about 1 kilogram of methane gas per day to escape to the surface , where , at some point , possibly the early 20th century , a visitor had the idea to set it alight . The water occasionally extinguishes the flame , but there 's always another hiker with a lighter to reignite it . Old Faithful , Yellowstone National Park , Wyoming Yellowstone National Park claims the highest concentration of geysers of any place on Earth . Geysers are hot springs with plumbing challenges that result in eruptions . More than 300 can be found throughout the park 's 3,472 square miles , and none is more famous than Old Faithful . In fact , Old Faithful is the reason Yellowstone was designated a National Park -- the first in the United States -- in 1872 . Its name comes from the perceived regularity of its eruptions , which occur every 55 to 120 minutes and last for two to five minutes . The spectacular eruptions remain a source of fascination for the more than 3.5 million people who visit Yellowstone each year . The fact that the eruptions are n't quite as regular as they might seem -- and that the mean eruption interval seems to be lengthening -- keeps geologists fascinated , too . Relampago de Catatumbo , Ologa , Venezuela Thanks to its humidity , its elevation and the clash of winds from the mountains and the sea , the southwestern corner of Lake Maracaibo in Venezuela has the world 's highest frequency of lightning activity  250 flashes per square kilometer per year  . More than 200 nights per year , with peaks in May and October , lightning flashes fill the sky -- sometimes 25 or more flashes per minute . To put that in perspective : The National Weather Service classifies anything over 12 strikes per minute as "  excessive . " Named for the Catatumbo River , which flows from Colombia in to Lake Maracaibo , the Relampago de Catatumbo , or Catatumbo Lighting , has become a highlight for travelers who spend their nights wide awake and wide-eyed watching the spectacle .	Magnetic Hill in New Brunswick is an optical illusion that has fascinated tourists for decades The Moeraki Boulders in New Zealand are what geologists call septarian concretions Lightning and the Midnight Sun also wow visitors -- and keep them awake at night
Albany , New York  CNN  -- Ned Norton was working as a fitness trainer for Olympic athletes and bodybuilders when a young man with a spinal cord injury asked him for help . "  At first , I had no idea what to do with him , " said Norton , who managed a health club in Albany , New York . Together they developed a workout program , and the young man made great strides . "  Even  his  doctors saw the physical and psychological improvements we were able to make , " Norton said . It did n't take long for word to spread . Patients from a rehabilitation center sought out Norton 's help , and he began training them for free . After a newspaper published an article about Norton 's workouts with the disabled , his phone rang off the hook . "  So I opened a gym designed to fit their needs , " he said . For the past 25 years , Norton has dedicated himself to providing free and low-cost strength and conditioning training for hundreds of people living with a variety of disabilities . "  They ca n't move , they ca n't be independent . They ca n't live their lives , " said Norton , 55 . "  I 'm building them up , building them stronger , so they can go out and live life like they 're supposed to . " Bodybuilder with a big heart Norton trains more than 120 people every week through his nonprofit , Warriors on Wheels . His clients ' disabilities include spinal cord injuries , multiple sclerosis , cerebral palsy and Down syndrome . "  I never worry about what they ca n't do , " said Norton . "  I worry about what they can do , and make them as independent and capable as possible . " Participants come to the gym twice a week for one-hour sessions . Norton 's strength-training equipment is specially adapted to fit his clients ' needs . Most of the people he trains are in wheelchairs and rely on their upper body strength to get around . "  The world is more accessible now for people with wheelchairs , " Norton said , "  but you 've got to be strong to be in a wheelchair . " Tom Clement knows that first-hand . About 40 years ago , he fell off a roof and severed his spinal cord . He has been in a wheelchair ever since . "  When you lose  the use of  your legs , your arms become your legs . So upper body strength is key , " said Clement , 65 . Clement has worked out at Norton 's gym several times a week for the past 15 years . He says it 's helped him live independently . "  My activities in the gym have increased my ability to maintain the stamina of everyday work , " said Clement , who runs a frame shop and art gallery with his brother . "  Thanks to Ned , I 've been able to live a full life . " For those who can afford to pay it , Norton charges $ 25 a month . Most of his clients are living on disability income and Social Security , and he says less than half can afford to pay the fee . He never turns away anyone who has a disability . Strength in numbers Norton is the only trainer in the facility , which was donated to him by the city . Participants often form friendships and motivate one another . They also become resources for each other , providing advice and references . "  After an accident , people are devastated . Their family and friends have no clue what they are going through . They are out there on their own , " Norton said . "  But when they come here , they get a network of people going through the same challenges . " Kathleen Lane has been coming to the Warriors on Wheels gym for about 15 years to help with her multiple sclerosis . Lane , who is in a wheelchair , also benefits from the social aspect of the program . "  I come out of here feeling better than I do when I first come in , " said Lane , 51 . "  It changed my life . ... Ned 's unbelievable . " Norton says many of the people he has worked with have gone on to drive again , gain employment and pursue their interests without letting their disabilities get in the way . "  I 'm not a genius . I 'm not a miracle worker , " Norton said . "  But I do know what I 'm doing in the gym , because that 's what I love doing and that 's what I have to offer to people . " Want to get involved ? Learn more about Warriors on Wheels at www.profilesinpurpose.com/warriors_on_wheels and see how to help .	Ned Norton devised a workout program for a man with a spinal cord injury and word spread Soon patients from a rehab center sought Norton 's help and he trained them for free Norton is dedicated to providing low-cost or free strength training for the disabled Voting for ` CNN Hero of the Year ' continues through Thursday , Nov. 16
Berlin  CNN  -- An armed man is holding several people hostage in the German city of Ingolstadt , police said Monday . The hostage taker did not make any immediate demands from the city 's Old Town Hall , police spokesman Guenther Beck said . As police dealt with the hostage situation , German Chancellor Angela Merkel canceled an election speech that she had planned to give in the city Monday afternoon . She 'd been scheduled to appear with the prime minister of Bavaria , Horst Seehofer . Beck said that as far as he knew , the hostage situation had nothing to do with Merkel 's planned visit .	The hostage taker has n't made demands from Ingolstadt 's Old Town Hall , police say Chancellor Angela Merkel cancels a speech that she 'd planned to give in the city She 'd been scheduled to appear with the prime minister of Bavaria
CNN  -- The state of Arizona executed convicted killer Jeffrey Landrigan late Tuesday after the U.S. Supreme Court cleared the way for the lethal injection , a corrections official said . The execution was carried out at 10:26 p.m.  12:26 a.m. ET  , said Barrett Marson , a spokesman for the Arizona Department of Corrections . "  I 'd like to say ` thank you ' to my family for being here and all of my friends , " were Landrigan 's final words , according to Marson . He concluded with "  Boomer Sooner , " a cheer often used by University of Oklahoma fans . Landrigan 's last meal consisted of steak , fried okra , french fries , strawberry ice cream and a Dr. Pepper , Marson said . The way for the execution was cleared after a majority of Supreme Court justices moved to vacate a federal judge 's order that had temporarily stopped the execution scheduled for earlier in the day . In a 5-4 decision , the court overturned two lower court rulings . Earlier Tuesday , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals had sided with U.S. District Court Judge Roslyn Silver , who blocked Landrigan 's execution 18 hours before it was set to happen at noon MT Tuesday  2 p.m. ET  . Landrigan 's attorneys filed a civil rights complaint last Thursday alleging the planned execution violated his constitutional rights to be free from cruel and unusual punishment and to due process . On Monday , Silver issued the temporary stay after concluding that the state did not provide Landrigan 's side enough information to make its case sufficiently about the safety and legality of substances that would have been used to kill him . But the U.S. Supreme Court ruling vacated the lower court order , saying "  there is no evidence in the record to suggest that the drug obtained from a foreign source is unsafe . " Judge Silver wrote that she "  was left to speculate " that the drug was harmful , but in a statement the Supreme Court , citing a different 1993 ruling , concluded in a one-page order that sentiment should not equate to the fact it was "  sure or likely to cause serious illness or needless suffering . " "  There was no showing that the drug was unlawfully obtained , nor was there an offer of proof to that effect , " the Supreme Court ruling said . The decision to vacate the order was supported by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Samuel Alito , Anthony Kennedy , Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas . Justices Stephen Breyer , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor sided with Silver and would not have vacated the ruling . In 1989 , Landrigan escaped from an Oklahoma prison , where he was serving time for second-degree murder . He was convicted of strangling Chester Dean Dyer in Arizona a year later during an armed burglary , and a trial judge sentenced him to death . CNN Supreme Court Producer Bill Mears contributed to this report .	U.S. Supreme Court cleared way for murderer 's execution A lower court judge had blocked Jeffrey Landrigan 's death by lethal injection Landrigan 's attorneys said that the execution would violate his constitutional rights
Washington  CNN  -- Documents set to be released this week by the IRS watchdog show that the agency targeted tea party organizations and other groups focused on government spending and the federal debt that were seeking tax-exempt status . Obama : Alleged IRS political targeting ` outrageous ' First hearings on IRS targeting set for Friday The IRS also applied extra scrutiny to applicants with statements that "  criticize how the country is run " or that sought to educate the public on how to "  make America a better place to live , " designations that would have included conservative political groups looking to apply for 501  c   4  status . Timeline : IRS wrestled with which groups to scrutinize Those disclosures are included in the appendix of an inspector general 's report , obtained by CNN , that has caused widespread anger among lawmakers on both sides of the aisle as well as conservative groups . Bipartisan outrage over IRS targeting So , what 's a 501  c   4  ? A "  501  c   4  " organization is tax-exempt under section 501  c   4  of the tax code if it meets two criteria : the "  organization must not be organized for profit and must be operated exclusively to promote social welfare . " To meet the IRS social welfare requirements , "  an organization must operate primarily to further the common good and general welfare of the people of the community , " The IRS further defines this critical criterion under section 501  c   4  as "  primarily for the purpose of bringing about civic betterment and social improvements . " But the IRS has said that "  the promotion of social welfare does not include direct or indirect participation or intervention in political campaigns on behalf of or in opposition to any candidate for public office . " That said , "  a section 501  c   4  social welfare organization may engage in some political activities , so long as that is not its primary activity . " And , according to the IRS , a 501  c   4  may also engage in lobbying . For example , guidance from the IRS available online suggests that an organization is likely to be deemed tax-exempt under section 501  c   4  if its educational activities are conducted in a non-partisan manner and if the organization is not affiliated with a political party -- even though the organization 's philosophy on the issues it is providing education about is broadly consistent with the view of a major political party . The same guidance also points to past rulings by the IRS that allowed tax-exempt status under section 501  c   4  for "  organizations primarily engaged in advocating a particular point of view on an issue of public concern , through lobbying and public education . " The same guidance points out that an organization exempt under section 501  c   4  "  may engage in political campaign activities if those activities are not the organization 's primary activity . " CNNMoney.com : What 's behind the IRS tea party scrutiny flap	The IRS is under scrutiny for its treatment of applications for tax-exempt status A 501  c   4  must be non-profit and must promote social welfare 501  c   4  s can engage in lobbying 501  c   4  s may also engage in some political activity
Mexico City  CNN  -- An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.0 struck near Mexico 's western coast on Wednesday , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The epicenter of the quake was 32 miles  51 kilometers  southwest of La Mira , Michoacan , USGS said . The U.S. agency said the quake was about 40 miles  65 kilometers  deep . Mexico 's National Seismological Service reported its depth at 10 miles  16 kilometers  , and said its magnitude was 6.4 . Residents felt the quake in Mexico 's capital , 350 miles  560 km  from the epicenter . There were no immediate reports of damages or injuries . An aerial survey of the capital showed no major damage , Mexico City Mayor Marcelo Ebrard said in a Twitter post . CNN 's Rey Rodriguez and Carloo Mauricio Perez contributed to this report .	There are no immediate reports of damages or injuries Residents feel the quake in Mexico City , hundreds of miles from the epicenter Aerial survey of the capital shows no major damage , mayor says
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli authorities are investigating whether the attack that left an American woman dead and her friend injured was "  nationalistic , " a police spokesman said Monday , using a term for crimes in which a victim is targeted based on an Arab or Israeli background . American Kristine Luken died in the attack . Her body was found Sunday after Kay Susan Wilson , Luken 's friend and co-worker at a Christian ministry , stumbled into a picnic area with her hands bound , bleeding from multiple stab wounds and asking for help . Wilson told authorities the two were hiking in a forest near Beit Shemesh , west of Jerusalem , when two men attacked them , tied them to a tree and stabbed them , according to police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld . Wilson told reporters from her hospital bed Sunday that one of the men was armed with a long serated knife and that she believes they were Arab . "  It was clear that they came to kill , " the Israeli newspaper Haaretz quoted Wilson as saying . "  Who carries around a knife like that ? " Wilson said she was wearing a Star of David on a necklace when she was attacked , according to the newspaper . "  He took it off like a gentleman and then turned me around and stabbed in the place where the Star of David had been , " Haaretz quoted her as saying . Rosenfeld confirmed Monday that investigators ' primary focus is that the attacks may have involved nationalistic intent , but he said investigators have not yet completely ruled out other possibilities . Luken and Wilson both worked for CMJ UK , a Christian ministry based in England . Wilson , a British citizen living in Israel , was a senior tour guide for the group , according to a statement posted to the group 's website by its CEO , Robin Aldridge Luken was an administrator for the group and had recently taken over responsibility for managing the group 's tour operations in Israel , Aldridge said . "  She had a beautiful and gentle spirit as well as a strong and vibrant faith , " Aldridge said of Luken . "  She loved Israel and had visited on several occasions both as a tourist and as a member of CMJ . " "  It is a tragedy that such a lively , caring and faith-filled person should have been struck down in such a way , " he said . The Foreign Office in London said it was "  aware of the hospitalization of a British national " and was ready to provide assistance if needed . Luken had worked for CMJ UK for one year , having previously been a government employee , according to Aldridge . "  She had to cope with a move to a new country as well as a new job but quickly made the adjustment and became a key member of our team , " Aldridge said . He said the group 's work sharing the Christian faith with the Jewish people in Israel would continue despite the attack .	NEW : Police confirm they are focusing on whether the attack was "  nationalistic " NEW : The term is used when victims are targeted based on their Arab or Israeli background Kristine Luken was hiking with a friend and colleague from a Christian ministry Luken 's friend survived the attacked and summoned help
A Philadelphia college student died from the same strain of meningitis seen in an outbreak at Princeton University , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Tuesday . The Drexel University student died March 10 from meningitis B , or "  serogroup B meningococcal disease , " the CDC said in a statement . Lab analysis showed the disease matched the strain seen at Princeton through "  genetic fingerprinting , " health officials said . "  The public health investigation of the Drexel University student revealed that the student had been in close contact with students from Princeton University about a week before becoming ill , " the CDC said . The death raises concern the outbreak strain may still be present in the Princeton community , health officials said . Starting in December , a "  high percentage " of Princeton undergraduates and eligible graduate students received an unlicensed meningitis vaccination called Bexsero . While the vaccine is approved for use in Europe , Canada and Australia , it is not yet approved for use in the United States . The CDC and the Food and Drug Administration granted approval for the vaccine to be distributed at Princeton . Last month , Bexsero was also distributed to students at the University of California , Santa Barbara , which had an outbreak involving four cases of of meningococcal disease unrelated to the Princeton outbreak . Meningococcal disease can cause meningitis or blood infections . Nine cases of group B meningitis have been associated with the Princeton outbreak , Princeton University said on its web site Tuesday . Eight cases were previously reported ; the new number includes the Drexel case , said Princeton spokesman Martin Mbugua . The CDC noted no new cases have been seen at Princeton since the vaccinations began on December 9 . "  Available data show most adolescents that get two doses of this vaccine are protected from getting meningococcal disease , " the CDC said . "  However , vaccinated individuals may still be able to carry the bacteria in their throats , which could infect others through close contact . " No related cases have been reported at Drexel , the CDC said . Health officials were investigating whom the student may have been in contact with and providing antibiotics . A statement on the Princeton website Tuesday urged members of the university community to "  continue to be vigilant in following good health practices to prevent the spread of this illness . " Meningitis is caused by inflammation of the membranes that cover the brain and the spinal cord , known as the meninges . Infection of the fluid surrounding the brain and spinal cord usually causes this inflammation , according to the CDC . College students are especially vulnerable , and dorms are the perfect breeding grounds for an outbreak , health officials say . Meningitis B spreads through coughing , sneezing , and kissing . It can also spread when people forget to wash their hands or clothes , or among people who drink out of the same cup . Meningitis B is tricky , since students who catch it may first think they have the flu . It starts with flulike symptoms : fever , headache , stiff necks , vomiting and delirium . If the bacteria spread to the meninges , patients can suffer hearing loss , permanent neurological damage and even death . In 2012 , there were 480 cases of bacterial meningitis in the United States , according to the CDC . Of those , 160 were group B.	A Drexel University student died March 10 from group B meningitis The student had been in contact with Princeton students The death raises concerns the outbreak may still be present at Princeton
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Reports of more demonstrations filtered out of Iran on Wednesday , including some that mentioned attacks on people mourning the death of a prominent cleric who was critical of the government . The reports come two days after a witness said that tens of thousands of people chanted anti-government slogans before the funeral of Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri , a key figure in the 1979 Iranian revolution who went on to become one of the government 's most vocal critics . On Wednesday , the semi-official Fars news agency reported on pro-government demonstrations in the neighboring cities of Isfahan and Najafabad , roughly 200 miles south of Tehran . That account did not mention clashes , but another did . A news site maintained by reformists in the Iranian parliament said that people in plain clothes used tear gas and pepper spray to attack people who had gathered in a mosque in Isfahan to mourn Montazeri 's death ; it said 50 people were arrested . Like other accounts , the report on the reformists ' news site could not independently be verified . Montazeri died Sunday at age 87 . A key figure in Iran 's Islamic Revolution 30 years ago , Montazeri became the most prominent cleric to publicly criticize the presidential elections last June that returned hard-liner Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to the presidency . Writing on his Web site after the disputed June presidential elections , Montazeri described the street protests that followed the polling as a challenge to the "  very legitimacy of the Islamic Republic . " His death is "  a terrible blow for the  reformist  green movement and everybody who has been active these past few months , " said Mehrdad Khonsari , a senior research consultant at the Centre for Arab and Iranian Studies in London . "  He was a very senior grand ayatollah with very good revolutionary credentials , and a very vocal critic of the ruling establishment , " Khonsari said . "  He was a major thorn in the back of  Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali  Khamenei . He was a bastion for all the people opposing the excesses of the system , " even within the ruling establishment , he said . In the past six months , Montazeri had become the voice of the reformist movement on key foreign policy issues , Khonsari said . The cleric was able to comment more freely than reformist presidential candidates , he said . Montazeri , for example , took a public stand against nuclear weapons in October , issuing a fatwa , or religious edict , declaring them to be "  un-Islamic " and instructing Muslims to take the lead in banning them , said Nazenin Ansari , diplomatic editor of the weekly newspaper Kayhan in London . Iran 's nuclear program has been the subject of intense international concern , with the United Nations considering expanding sanctions against the Islamic state despite its insistence it does not intend to build a bomb . Montazeri had a very large public following , especially since the June elections and all his statements in favor of human rights , " Ansari said He was once a confidant of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , who led Iran for a decade after the revolution . He studied under Khomeini and then acted as his representative in Iran after Khomeini was exiled by the shah for criticizing the monarchy , Ansari said . Montazeri , too , was jailed and exiled . After the revolution , he was the heir apparent to Khomeini , and played a key role in writing Iran 's constitution as the first chair of the powerful Guardians Council . He was also the leader of Friday prayers in Tehran , one of the most public and influential pulpits in the country . But he was supplanted by the current supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , and was placed under several years of house arrest in 1997 . "  His problems with Khomeini started in the summer of 1988 when they started executing ... thousands of leftist prisoners , " Ansari said . "  He never was in agreement with that , and then he started to fade " from power . "  Once Khamenei became leader , Montazeri objected , " she said . Montazeri said Khamenei "  was elevated above his  religious  qualifications , " pointing out that he had not earned the title of ayatollah . "  It was then he was arrested . " Recently , Montazeri has objected to the current regime 's characterization of his one-time mentor Khomeini as a saint , she added . And following the disputed elections in June , "  he issued a ground-breaking fatwa articulating the policies of the green movement to the world . Montazeri had been equally critical of the parliamentary electoral process in 2004 , arguing in favor of reformist candidates .	Reformist news site claims tear gas , pepper spray used against mourners Semi-official news agency reports on pro-government demonstrations Reports of anti-government protests at funeral of Grand Ayatollah Montazeri Montazeri publicly criticized last June 's presidential elections
CNN  -- A man went over Niagara Falls and survived Wednesday afternoon , one of the few people to ever survive the plunge unprotected , authorities said . It is unclear whether the man chose not to aid in his rescue or was physically unable to do so , officials say . The man was seen entering the icy water just above Horseshoe Falls , on the Canadian side , and apparently jumped in about 2:15 p.m , Niagara Falls , Ontario , Fire Chief Lee Smith said . Smith said the unidentified man was in the near-freezing water for "  40-plus " minutes before he was rescued by Niagara Parks Police and Niagara Falls firefighter Todd Brunning . Brunning , who was tethered to shore , swam about 60 meters  nearly 200 feet  into the river and was able to get hold of the man and bring him to shore . Niagara Parks Police initially used a helicopter from a private company , Niagara Falls Helicopters , to attempt a rescue of the man . When that failed , they used the wind from the chopper 's rotors to push the man closer to shore , Smith said . Watch chopper hover over man in icy water " He said the man was "  being rotated in a cyclic fashion " by the river 's very strong currents . The man did not aid in his rescue , officials said , though it was not immediately clear whether he was physically unable to or he did not want to do so . Niagara Falls Fire Capt. Dave Belme said the man was not wearing any clothes when he was rescued , but he added that it 's not unexpected for a person to lose things while being washed down the falls . The man 's "  chances of survival without the quick response would be lessened , " Smith said . All of the agencies train for situations like this , he said , and they are put to the test about a dozen times a year . Still , he called Wednesday 's rescue "  amazing . "	Unidentified man apparently jumped in on Canadian side , authorities say He was in near-freezing Niagara River for more than 40 minutes Officials unsure why man did not aid in his own rescue
Rome  CNN  -- Italy faces a period of uncertainty and political horse trading Tuesday after parliamentary elections left no party in a clear position to form a government . The center-left coalition headed by Pier Luigi Bersani won by a narrow margin in Italy 's lower house of parliament , according to final figures released by the Interior Ministry . But Bersani 's coalition , with 29.54 % of the vote , finished less than half a percentage point ahead of the anti-austerity center-right coalition headed by controversial three-time Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , which garnered 29.18 % . It was a similar story in Italy 's upper house , where the lack of a clear majority means that no one has a firm enough mandate to govern the country . Final results showed the center-left winning the Senate with 31.63 % of the vote , compared with the center-right 's 30.72 % -- an outcome that points to stalemate because of the way Senate seats are distributed . "  This is a case of gridlock , " said James Walston of the American University of Rome . "  Nothing could be worse for Europe . " International concern is high that Italy -- the third-largest economy in the eurozone and the eighth-biggest in the world -- could face fresh elections if no coalition government can be formed . In any case , a weak government would probably struggle to push through the tough reforms many observers feel are needed to get the economy back on track . Symbolizing Italians ' own unhappiness with austerity and their political leaders , a quarter of the vote in the lower house went to the anti-establishment Five Star protest movement led by comedian Beppe Grillo , who has said he wo n't join forces with any established political parties . A bloc led by Mario Monti , the former head of a technocrat government that steered Italy through the worst of the eurozone crisis last year , trailed badly in fourth place . Markets reacted negatively to the uncertainty Tuesday , with fears about the eurozone crisis coming once more to the fore after months during which confidence had grown . Even if Bersani can form a workable coalition , governing will be very difficult , and investors are concerned that a stalemate in the Senate could undermine the progress Italy has made in overhauling its troubled economy . European markets , including Milan , were sharply lower in morning trading , while Asian markets also retreated . U.S. stocks fell Monday amid the concerns about Italy , with the Dow and S&P 500 suffering their biggest one-day declines of the year . U.S. stock futures were indicating a rebound for stocks at the open on Tuesday . Can the anti-Berlusconi pull Italy out of the mire ? Voter turnout was lower than anticipated Sunday , the first day of balloting , down from 62.55 % in 2008 to 55.17 % this year , Italy 's ANSA news agency reported . Weather , in part , appeared to cause the lower voter turnout , the news agency said . It was snowing in portions of northern Italy and raining in the southern part of the country . Alliance-building Italy 's political system encourages the forming of alliances . But if neither Bersani nor Berlusconi can build a strong enough coalition to govern , Italy could face another round of elections . Beppe Grillo : Clown prince of Italian politics The center-left alliance dominated by Bersani 's Democratic Party also includes the more left-wing Left Ecology Freedom party . It was widely assumed ahead of the vote that the center-left would join forces with Monti 's bloc , but its disappointing showing means that even together , they can not command a majority in the upper house . Bersani held a clear lead in polling in the weeks ahead of the vote but saw it slip away in the final days of the campaign . Walston , the analyst , said ahead of the vote that the left had suffered from a lack of leadership , which prevented it from putting forward a clear picture . Bersani , 61 , comes across as "  bluff and homespun , and that 's part of his appeal -- or not , depending on your point of view , " said Walston . The center-right alliance led by Berlusconi 's People of Freedom Party , or PdL , in coalition with the right-wing , anti-immigration Northern League , made up significant ground in the final days of campaigning . Berlusconi gave conflicting signals as to whether he was running for the premiership , indicating that he would seek the job if his coalition won , but contradicting that on other occasions . In a phone interview Tuesday with Italian journalist and TV host Maurizio Belpietro , he said everyone had tried their best to help their country . "  The difference this time is that we were n't able to see through to the end and win , " Berlusconi said . He acknowledged that the confused result has done nothing to help market confidence . But , he added , "  I do n't think Monti will be able to form any type of coalition with his policy of austerity and his dangerous economic policies that have hurt Italy . " Unless either Bersani or -- even less likely -- Berlusconi can persuade Grillo to enter an alliance , their options are limited . Grillo , the 64-year-old known as the "  clown prince " of Italian politics , has been outspoken in his criticism of Berlusconi and other politicians in the three years since he founded his party , known as M5S . CNN iReporter Elisa Bozzi , an Italian art curator , said she was very disappointed by the outcome of the election . "  Yesterday when I saw the result I was completely without words , " she said . "  I think we in Italy will go again to vote because it 's impossible to govern a state in this situation ,  where  we do n't have a majority . " She believes many voters hold Monti responsible for Italy 's current debt crisis without remembering the dire economic situation he inherited when Berlusconi resigned in 2011 . At the same time , Bersani failed to gain people 's confidence , she said . "  Beppe Grillo has many votes because people are angry and frustrated , " Bozzi said . "  People in Italy are completely disappointed by the situation we see day-by-day , by corruption , scandals . " Such is voters ' disillusion that Bozzi believes Grillo could garner enough votes in fresh elections to win outright . Berlusconi 's troubles Berlusconi , the septuagenarian playboy billionaire nicknamed "  Il Cavaliere , " campaigned as a Milan court weighed his appeal against a tax fraud conviction , for which he was sentenced to four years in jail last year . The verdict has still to be delivered ; however , under the Italian legal system , he is entitled to a further appeal in a higher court . Because the case dates to July 2006 , the statute of limitations will expire this year , meaning there is a good chance that none of the defendants will serve any prison time . Italian parliamentarians are elected for five-year terms , with the current one due to end in April . But in December , the PdL withdrew its support of the reformist government led by Monti , saying it was pursuing policies that "  were too German-centric . " Monti subsequently resigned , and the parliament was dissolved . Italy 's economy has stagnated for years , and suffered the biggest contraction of any G7 nation in 2012 -- it shrank by 2.2 % . Last week , the European Commission said it would contract by a further 1.0 % this year , double the rate it had previously forecast . Meanwhile , unemployment will rise to 11.6 % in 2013 , according to the European Commission , and then 12 % next year . CNN 's Barbie Latza Nadeau , Hada Messia and Becky Anderson reported from Rome . Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . Mark Thompson also contributed to this report from London .	NEW : "  We were n't able to see through to the end and win , " Berlusconi says of election Parliamentary election results bring fears about weak government , economic woes "  Nothing could be worse for Europe , " analyst James Walston says of the stalemate A quarter of votes in the lower house go to a protest movement led by an ex-comedian
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani authorities have launched a massive crackdown on terror groups that they say were planning numerous suicide attacks , including in the country 's largest city of Karachi . Pakistan security officials show seized weapons and ammunition in Karachi on Sunday after the arrest of seven alleged militants . At least 13 suspects were arrested Sunday and Monday , including three people carrying suicide jackets and explosives inside a bus station , a police official said . The three were seized early Monday after police raided a bus station in Sargodha , a city located about 120 miles  190 km  south of Islamabad in Pakistan 's Punjab province . The suspects were plotting to attack two Shiite mosques , police stations , and a Norwegian telecommunications company in Punjab , according to district police officer Usman Anwar . Three other suspects linked to the plot were arrested hours later in Sargodha , he said . Those arrested early Monday included the Pakistani Taliban 's chief in Punjab , according to Anwar . The Taliban in Punjab have direct ties to Baitullah Mehsud , the former head of the Pakistan Taliban , and have been accused of sectarian murders in Punjab . Pakistan and U.S. officials contend Mehsud was killed in an August 5 drone attack in Waziristan at his father-in-law 's house . The Taliban claim Mehsud is alive but ill . Hakeemullah Mehsud has been selected as the new head of the Pakistani Taliban , a Taliban commander said Saturday . Pakistani authorities also said they thwarted planned attacks in the southern port city of Karachi , Pakistan 's largest city and the capital of Sindh province . Seven members of a banned militant group with strong ties to al Qaeda and the Taliban were arrested Sunday along with suicide vests and a large quantity of ammunition , according to the city 's police superintendent Mohammed Fayyaz Khan The group , Lashkar-e-Jhangvi , was planning to conduct attacks in Karachi , according to Karachi Police Chief Waseem Ahmad . Lashkar-e-Jhangvi is considered a terrorist group by the U.S. State Department , and was banned by then-Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf in 2001 . It is described as Pakistan 's "  most extreme and feared militant group " by IHS Jane 's , a provider of defense and security information . The banned Sunni militant group , which began in the 1990s , is a "  key ally " of the Taliban and al Qaeda , according to Jane 's . "  However , many of its leaders and members have been killed or jailed in recent years and there is little evidence that it remains a coherent organization with centralized structures , " Jane 's said in an assessment released earlier this month . Lashkar-e-Jhangvi is blamed for the attempted assassination of former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in 1999 , and the assassination of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in 2007 . The group also has also been linked to the March attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team in the Pakistani city of Lahore . The recent arrests in Karachi and in Punjab are part of a broader crackdown on terror groups that have extended their reach outside Pakistan 's volatile North West Frontier Province and adjacent tribal regions . That is where Pakistani security forces continue to battle a strong Taliban presence . Taliban militants maintained strongholds within 100 miles of the capital , Islamabad , before Pakistani security forces pushed them back this year . A month ago , Pakistani authorities unraveled a militant plot to target government buildings in Islamabad with suicide attackers , according to Interior Minister Rehmen Malik . Three bombers were detained , and along with them suicide vests packed with complex explosives surrounded by ball bearings that would kill anyone within 50 to 100 meters . "  They had the live jackets ... they were staying in one house and they had hidden the suicide jackets not far from that  house  in the hills , " Malik told CNN . "  Obviously they had a plan in Islamabad because Islamabad is the icon of the country . " He said they first planned to target parliament , then move on to other prominent government buildings in the capital city . Hitting back at the government would seem to be a high priority for the newly appointed leader of the Pakistani Taliban . Said to be a brazen and young commander , Hakeemullah Mehsud has been linked to past attacks on NATO troops along the Afghan-Pakistan border who are battling a resurgent Taliban in neighboring Afghanistan . Malik said the government is "  not interested " in trying to establish a cease-fire with Taliban commanders during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , which began this weekend . Past cease-fire agreements between the Pakistani government and tribal leaders negotiating on behalf of the Taliban have failed . "  They are at the weakest moments and everybody knows -- even a child of Pakistan knows about it -- that their back is broken , " Malik said . "  They are no more powerful ... so we wo n't give them any time to get energized . " CNN 's Samson Desta contributed to this report .	Arrests averted attacks on Karachi , police chief says Lashkar-e-Jhangvi linked to Bhutto assassination , attack on Sri Lanka cricket team Police : Three suspected Pakistan Taliban members also arrested with suicide vests
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A demonstrator died and several U.S. service members and Afghan police were injured as protests over the burning of Qurans at a U.S. military base turned violent Sunday , said officials . The bloodshed in northern Kunduz province came a day after a gunman killed two U.S. military officers inside their office in the highly secured Afghanistan Ministry of Interior -- one of several incidents targeting allied forces after reports emerged last week that NATO troops had burned Muslim holy books at Bagram Airfield . U.S. officials , including President Barack Obama , have apologized for the burning and called it inadvertent . A military official -- speaking on condition of anonymity , given the sensitivity of the issue -- said the materials were from a detainee center 's library and had "  inscriptions " that appeared to be used to "  facilitate extremist communications . " Such statements , or explanations , have n't stopped protests from Muslims in Afghanistan , who believe the Quran is the word of God and so holy that people should wash their hands before even touching it . On Sunday , the sixth day of protests , initially peaceful demonstrators in Kunduz attacked a police chief 's office and a U.S. military base , Kunduz police spokesman Sayed Sarwar Hussaini said . Some threw hand grenades at the base , known as Combat Outpost Fortitude , with resulting blasts injuring seven U.S. personnel believed to be Special Forces members , said Hussaini . Capt. David Yaryar , a spokesman with NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , said there was an explosion and small arms fire . ISAF did not comment on the number or positions of those hurt , though Yaryar did say those hurt were evacuated for medical care . One protester was killed and three wounded in the violence at the military site , according to Hussaini . Another 16 protesters suffered injuries as grenades , pistols , knives , sticks and stones were used to attack the police chief 's office in Kunduz , said Hussaini , the police spokesman . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told CNN on Sunday that such unrest and targeting of Americans has gotten "  out of hand and needs to stop . " She urged Afghans to abide by the call of their president , Hamid Karzai , for calm . In a televised address , Karzai said the "  emotions of our people " over the burned Qurans "  are legitimate and valuable . " Still , he added that staying calm will help stop "  enemies of our peace and stability " from taking advantage and harming people and property . U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan , Ryan Crocker , acknowledged "  some tough attacks up north " in a CNN interview Sunday , while adding that the "  rest of the country ... was pretty calm today . " "  Such anger generally  tapers off , and I think we 're all hopeful that the appeal for calm that President Karzai made today -- and he did so with the backing of the entire political leadership of the country -- will create a condition in which this diminishes , " said Crocker . At least 29 people have been killed and nearly 200 wounded in recent protests , Karzai said . The death of the demonstrator in Kunduz would appear to raise that death toll to 30 . They have n't been the only ones killed in the wake of the Quran burnings . Two U.S. soldiers were gunned down last week at a base in eastern Afghanistan by a man wearing an Afghan National Army uniform . And then , on Saturday , a man went to the Afghan interior ministry , signed himself in and then retrieved his gun , according to an Afghan counter-terrorism official who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk with the media about the incident . ISAF said that initial reports indicated "  an individual " -- whom they did not name -- shot dead two NATO service members , later confirmed by an Afghan police official to be an American colonel and major . The Defense Department on Sunday identified one of the officers killed as U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. John D. Loftis , 44 , of Paducah , Kentucky . Loftis was 44 . The Afghan official identified the suspected gunman as Abdul Saboor , a junior officer in the ministry 's intelligence department who the official claimed had spent two months in a Pakistani religious school . "  We believe it was 100 % linked to the Quran burning because of the religious background of this junior officer , " the counter-terrorism official said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the shooting , with its spokesman identifying the shooter by the same first name , Abdul , that the Afghan official used . The Afghan official did not say , though , if it was known the gunman was a member of the Taliban . The Afghan interior ministry confirmed the gunman is thought to be one of its employees and that his "  whereabouts are unknown . " Senior Afghan officials , including the defense and interior ministers , have postponed a scheduled trip to Washington to meet U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and others , Pentagon press secretary George Little said . "  The officials  are consulting this week with others in the Afghan government and Afghan religious leaders on how to protect ISAF personnel and quell violence in the country , " said Little . Saturday 's killing prompted Gen. John Allen -- the commander of ISAF -- to order the withdrawal of several hundred ISAF advisers from ministries in Kabul as a precaution . Such a move raises questions about a U.S. military plan focusing on the use of small teams of military advisers as it withdraws troops . Yet Lt. Col. Jimmie Cummings , an ISAF spokesman , stressed the advisers are still in contact with Afghan personnel . "  We will not let this incident divide the coalition , " Cummings said . The United States also pulled embedded civilians out of ministries , said Crocker . And France announced Sunday that it was withdrawing all French public officials in Afghan institutions temporarily to ensure their safety . Amid the protests , ISAF said Sunday that its efforts against the Taliban continue to move forward . In fact , Afghan and coalition security forces captured Taliban leaders in the provinces of Kandahar and Ghazni , ISAF announced Sunday . So too was a commander with the insurgent Haqqani network , in his case in Logar province . Crocker highlighted the progress that 's been made in Afghanistan since the U.S. embassy opened more than a decade ago with "  nothing -- no institutions , no ministries , no police , no army . " Still , he stressed that the stakes remain high in calling for a continued commitment to the country . "  If we decide we 're tired of it , al Qaeda and the Taliban certainly are n't , " said Crocker . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Josh Levs and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Top Afghan officials postpone a visit to Washington , a U.S. spokesman says 1 dead , U.S. service members and police are wounded when a Sunday protest turns violent U.S. , France pull their civilians from Afghan ministries after the ministry shooting 30 have been killed , 200 hurt in unrest stirred by NATO members burning of Qurans
CNN  -- Two weeks before Nelson Mandela 's 93rd birthday on July 18 , actress Alfre Woodard sits on a couch near her home in Santa Monica , California , reminiscing about the first time she met him . Already an activist and a leading voice against apartheid , Woodard introduced Mandela at a fundraising event in 1990 during his first trip to the United States after his release from prison . "  By the time I got on stage , I literally started to hop around ... I could not stop the electricity in my body , " she said . "  So I went and I wrapped my arms around him , and I said to him in his ear , ` Oh Madiba , Madiba . How are you ? Have you eaten ? Have you slept ? ' And it became a really funny thing because ` Nobody has asked me that , Alfre , in my entire travels , ' " Woodard said with a laugh . "  So that sort of became the basis of our relationship . " Long before they met , Woodard 's passion for social justice in South Africa had been growing since she was a student at Boston University . By 1989 , she joined a handful of artists and actors , such as Danny Glover and Mary Steenburgen , to found what is now called Artists for a New South Africa  ANSA  . They used their celebrity platform to shine a light on apartheid and lobby for sanctions against the regime . "  Once apartheid was crushed ... one of the things Madiba said to us was , ` You 've helped us in our struggle to defeat apartheid , but right now we 're facing another formidable foe -- and that is the HIV/AIDS pandemic , ' " she said . "  So we 've morphed through the years of how we 've wanted to be of assistance . " ANSA shifted its mission and in 2005 created an orphan care program called "  It Takes a Village " to help around 3,500 AIDS orphans in South Africa . While working to combat the disease , Woodard 's relationship with Mandela has grown both as an activist and a friend . She remembers receiving an invitation to a state dinner at the White House when Bill Clinton was president -- not from Clinton himself but from Mandela , who was being honored there . "  We were in the receiving line ... and he sees me about three people away and he leans over and he goes ` Alfre , Alfre ! Remember me ? It 's Nelson , " she said . "  And I said , ` Madiba , I do n't think anybody will ever forget you and certainly not me . " Other times , their dinners were less formal . "  We continued to do political work together ... and I 'd always had the blessing and good fortune to be able to have a private meal with him . The first one was after he became president . "  The thing about Madiba is that immediately it 's like having an audience with your ancestors ... because he recognizes you as a young person but he talks to you and expects things of you as an equal . And I think when people expect things of you , you realize that you 're capable of it and you can do it . " During one of Woodard 's trips to South Africa , she toured Robben Island , where Mandela spent many of his 27 years in prison . "  After hearing so much about it , it 's this big , evil fortress that sucks the life out of good people ... I thought I would get there and be angry , " she said . "  As Ahmed Kathrada -LSB- a South African politician who spent 18 years in prison on Robben Island -RSB- walked us through the cellblocks and talked about life there , he completely transformed the whole notion of imprisonment . I realized you could not be imprisoned . You can be held . But these men decided not to be in prison . And for me , it almost became a sacred place . "  I think what Madiba has demonstrated to all of us is not what he was capable of but what every single person is capable of ... it does n't matter what circumstance you 're put into . It 's how you respond to circumstance . "  He gives us that not as an icon but as a human being , as a man , as a grandfather , as a father , as a person , as a Madiba to everybody . "	Alfre Woodard greeted Mandela on his first trip to the U.S. after his release from prison She has worked with Mandela to help combat the AIDS pandemic in South Africa Woodard co-founded the nonprofit Artists for a New South Africa in 1989
Washington  CNN  -- Predictions of super PAC-fueled campaign ugliness seemed to come to reality on Thursday when reports broke of a potential conservative group 's ad campaign aimed at tying President Barack Obama to a controversy many thought put to rest nearly four years ago . But conservative billionaire Joe Ricketts decided against a recommendation from GOP strategists that would bring up once again Obama 's association with the controversial Rev. Jeremiah Wright , a super PAC director said . Wright , who once ran the church that Obama attended in Chicago , became a central figure in the 2008 election when videos emerged showing some of the pastor 's provocative statements involving race relations in the United States . Obama was eventually forced to distance himself from Wright to help spare his political image . The proposal to bring Wright back into campaign dialogue , a plan first reported by the New York Times , quickly became the story of the day . After hours of backlash from both Republicans and Democrats , Ricketts , commissioner of the ad campaign and founder of the brokerage firm TD Ameritrade -- and whose family owns the Chicago Cubs baseball team -- said the plan was merely one of several proposals his group was considering . Brian Baker , who heads the conservative super PAC supported by Ricketts , said Ricketts would not approve the scheme , as it "  reflects an approach to politics that Mr. Ricketts rejects . " "  Mr. Ricketts intends to work hard to help elect a president this fall who shares his commitment to economic responsibility , but his efforts are and will continue to be focused entirely on questions of fiscal policy , not attacks that seek to divide us socially or culturally , " Baker said in a written statement . If the super PAC , Ending Spending Action Fund , had taken up the plan , it would have attempted to link the president with Wright 's philosophy , the Times reported . Titled "  The Defeat of Barack Hussein Obama : The Ricketts Plan to End His Spending for Good , " the ad campaign was to play off racial undertones and called for what the proposal described as an "  extremely literate conservative African-American " as its spokesman , according to the Times . The spokesman would make the case that Obama misleadingly portrayed himself in 2008 as a "  metrosexual , black Abe Lincoln . " The campaign would "  do exactly what  Sen.  John McCain would not let us do , " the Times reported the strategists writing . When McCain ran against Obama in 2008 , the Republican nominee famously refrained from pursuing the Wright angle and called out supporters at campaign events who mocked Obama 's middle name , "  Hussein . " On Thursday , McCain 's former campaign manager , Steve Schmidt , told CNN he was "  never prouder " to work for McCain than when the senator refused to go after Obama over Wright 's comments . "  It was n't useful . It would have backfired . And more importantly it 's wrong , " Schmidt said . CNN contributor Roland Martin agreed , saying Thursday such an attack would open up a can of worms for Republicans . "  If the GOP , if they want to do that , then guess what , you 're now putting Mormonism on the table , " he said , referring to Mitt Romney 's Mormon faith -- a factor that has largely remained on the sidelines of this year 's election . The presumptive GOP nominee 's campaign also came out against such attacks when asked to respond to the report . Team Romney argued the economy should remain the primary issue in the race . "  Unlike the Obama campaign , Gov. Romney is running a campaign based on jobs and the economy , and we encourage everyone else to do the same , " Romney 's campaign manager Matt Rhoades said in a written statement . In a press conference later Thursday , Romney said he "  repudiates " any efforts of "  character assassination , " arguing Obama 's campaign has already attempted to take on such tactics . Hitting back , Team Obama blasted Romney 's camp for not releasing a stronger statement about the proposed ad campaign . "  Once again , Governor Romney has fallen short of the standard that John McCain set , reacting tepidly in a moment that required moral leadership in standing up to the very extreme wing of his own party , " Obama campaign manager Jim Messina said in a written statement . White House spokesman Jay Carney later pointed to comments , not only from Democrats but also Republicans , suggesting that "  to launch a multimillion-dollar divisive attack campaign is not what the American people want , and I think there are moments when you have to stand up and say that is not the right way to go . " Thursday 's super PAC dust-up calls to mind some of the more nasty campaign tactics used in the Republican primaries earlier this year and poses the question of just how involved outside groups will be in stoking the already-heated fight between the Romney and Obama camps . A relatively new addition the political game , super PACs were made possible by a 2010 Supreme Court case , known as Citizens United , that ruled in favor of allowing corporations and unions to raise and spend unlimited amounts of money so long as they do not coordinate with the campaigns they support . This cycle , super PACs have quickly become one of the defining markers of 2012 , as the groups have played a pivotal role in doing the so-called dirty work for campaigns . Groups supporting Romney and former presidential candidate Newt Gingrich especially made waves in the Republican primaries and caucuses . The pro-Romney super PAC Restore Our Future released a flood of scathing attack ads against Gingrich ahead of the Florida primary in late January , less than two weeks after the former House speaker won the South Carolina primary . Gingrich blamed the super PAC blitz and the Romney campaign ads for his eventual loss in the Sunshine State . The pro-Gingrich group , however , had performed its own share of heavy-hitting when it produced a 30-minute special about Romney 's history at Bain Capital . Paul Sracic , chairman of the political science department at Youngstown State University in Ohio , wrote in a CNN op-ed this week that while most commentary about Citizens United has been focused on conservative groups , Democrats will also reap benefits from the gorge of spending . "  Citizens United also freed up unions to spend unlimited amounts of their money to directly advocate for the election of labor-friendly candidates , usually Democrats , " Sracic wrote . He added : "  Whereas conservative leaning groups have so far mainly used their money to fund campaign advertising , the AFL-CIO and other unions have made it clear that their money will be spent on grass-roots get-out-the-vote activities . " Indeed , Obama 's campaign also realized it could benefit from super PAC money , despite the president 's vocal opposition to the 2010 Supreme Court decision . The campaign made headlines when it announced in February that it would begin encouraging donors to give to Priorities USA , a super PAC supporting Obama 's re-election bid . "  This decision was not made overnight , " one campaign official said . " The money raised and spent by Republican super PACs is very telling . We will not unilaterally disarm . " Priorities USA has reported spending $ 2.1 million this cycle , according to Federal Election Commission reports , and co-purchased an ad buy last week on a negative spot tying Romney to big oil . While the presidential candidates themselves have been relatively quiet about the role of super PACs this year , former candidate McCain has railed hard against outside spending . Calling Citizens United the "  worst decision in the last 50 years , " McCain said the Supreme Court "  basically unleashed -- without transparency and without accountability -- huge amounts of money from these so-called ` independent campaigns . ' " And earlier this year on CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer , " McCain said , "  Now it 's the system under which we operate , which leads to this kind of campaigning and will lead to corruption and scandals . I guarantee it . " CNN 's Jim Acosta , John Helton , Ashley Killough and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report .	Conservative billionaire Joe Ricketts nixes a controversial ad campaign The campaign would have featured the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , Obama 's former pastor Sen. John McCain refused to use that tactic in the 2008 presidential campaign Both sides will reap benefits from super PAC spending , an analyst says
CNN  -- Authorities imposed curfews and limited access to city centers across Iraq as thousands of protesters demanded economic progress and an end to corruption , police said . Demonstrators were reported to be gathering in Baghdad , Basra , Nineveh , Anbar and Salaheddin . The developments follow weeks of demonstrations across the country by protesters angry about unemployment , poor basic services , corruption and a lack of freedom . At least 13 people died in protests on February 25 . "  Liar , liar , Nuri al-Maliki , " some protesters were heard shouting in Baghdad . "  Al-Maliki has become like Saddam , " others said , referring to former leader Saddam Hussein . "  We have elected you to protect us and not to kill us , " one banner said . After an emergency cabinet meeting on Sunday , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki gave government ministers 100 days to deliver results and eliminate corruption or be fired . "  We live in a country rich with oil , yet we do n't have jobs , " demonstrators said . "  The oil for the people and not for thieves . " In Baghdad , police imposed a ban on the movement of vehicles across the city , forcing protesters to walk several kilometers to Tahrir Square . Still several thousands gathered there after Friday prayers .	Demonstrators gather in Iraqi cities after Friday prayers Authorities impose curfews to limit access to city centers At least 13 people died in protests a week ago
CNN  -- Back when Facebook only had millions of users instead of a billion , before Timeline and the bungled IPO and outrage over privacy issues , people "  poked " each other on the social network . The poke , which is still around but rarely used , is a minimalistic form of communication -- the digital equivalent of a head nod or wink . Now the social network has expanded the poke into a standalone iOS app , which was released on Friday . The simple free app , called Facebook Poke , allows you to send fleeting messages , pokes , photos and 10-second videos to Facebook friends . The messages expire after a set period of time , from 1 to 10 seconds , and can not be retrieved by either party again . This makes the app perfect for sending salacious images without leaving a trail . "  With the Poke app , you can poke or send a message , photo , or video to Facebook friends to share what you 're up to in a lightweight way , " says Facebook in a blog post announcing the new app . When you open the app , you can choose from a set of icons at the bottom of the screen to send a poke , type a 120-character message , open the camera to snap a picture  you can not choose an existing photo from your camera roll , but you can add fun doodles or text on top of the picture you do take  , or shoot a 10-second video . Decide how long you want the other person to see your message or photo  1 , 3 , 5 or 10 seconds  , add a location if you like , then choose one or more of your Facebook friends from the list and hit send . To view a message , tap and hold until the little countdown clock in the corner runs down , and the message is gone forever . You can see a list of who send you messages , but not view them again . The app Poke shamelessly imitates is Snapchat , a photo and video-sharing service that has surged in popularity over the past year year . It 's no mystery why Facebook is jumping on the temporary message bandwagon . Snapchat says it has millions of users who send around 50 million messages a day . It is also popular with the highly valuable younger age group , though it does n't currently have ads or any other way of making money off of its service . The Facebook Poke app is also ad-free for the time being . The allure of self-destructing messages is that they are unlikely to be seen by anyone other than the recipient , or to resurface during a campaign for public office . Snapchat has earned a reputation as a tool for sending risquÃ © photos , though its also handy for funny or silly images for friends . Because of the private nature of these messages , the apps have built-in safeguards . The only way to keep a copy of a photo on these apps is to take a screenshot with your phone . Both Poke and Snapchat warn the sender when the recipient has grabbed a screenshot of their message . Facebook seems keenly aware of how the Poke app will be used by most people . "  If you ever see something you 're uncomfortable with , you can click the gear menu and report it , " says the company in the post . In the app 's help center there are instructions for what to do when someone takes a screenshot against your will . That section helpfully links to a post on what to do when an adult is making you uncomfortable , and another on what to do when someone requests nude photos . The app is Facebook 's fifth iOS app , joining the main Facebook app , Facebook Messenger and Facebook Camera .	Facebook has released a new , free app for iOS called Facebook Poke It lets users discreetly send messages , photos and videos that are deleted in a few seconds The Poke app is inspired by the Snapchat app , which is often used to send sexual images
Tokyo  CNN  -- Hackers have stolen personal information from over 1.2 million customers of the Japanese gaming company SEGA , according to a company statement . The breach occurred Friday and targeted user data from subsidiary "  SEGA Pass " , which is operated by Britain-based SEGA Europe Limited  SEL  . The service was "  illegally accessed from outside and personal information of all 1,290,755 customers of the service ... were brought outside of the system , " according to SEGA . The information included names , birth dates , e-mail addresses and "  encoded passwords , " the statement said . But the company emphasized that it "  does not hold any confidential information such as credit card information . " SEGA says it shut down service as soon as it confirmed the illegal access and sent affected customers an e-mail apology . The company says it is investigating the cyber break-in . SEGA published the statement explaining the data hacking in Japanese on the Japanese website only . English language users were greeted only with messages that the SEGA Pass service was momentarily down . "  Sorry , the website is temporarily unavailable due to Maintenance work , " one message says . "  We will be up and running again soon ! " SEGA advertises its privacy measures on a banner at the bottom of its website , which reads "  ESRB Privacy Certified " . The banner links to a privacy statement , which touts user information safeguards including "  the storage of data on secure servers or computers inaccessible by modem . " In April hackers stole personal user information from SONY 's PlayStation Network , which had some 70 million subscribers at the time . Hackers later broke into Sony Pictures website , compromising the accounts of over 1 million users . SEGA creates games that play on SONY 's PlayStation as well as on other gaming systems . Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	NEW : SEGA says the affected service does not store credit card numbers SEGA says the data breach included e-mail addresses and passwords The company shut down operations and sent out apologies English language users saw messages that the SEGA Pass site was down for "  maintenance "
CNN  -- Famed French actress and animal rights campaigner Brigitte Bardot will request Russian nationality Friday if plans to euthanize two elephants at a zoo in the French city of Lyon go ahead , her foundation said . The move comes a day after Russian President Vladimir Putin gave Russian citizenship to French actor Gerard Depardieu , who was angry about French plans to raise taxes . Read more : Will elephants still roam earth in 20 years ? Bardot 's brief statement said that if those in power had the "  cowardice and impudence " to kill the two elephants despite her foundation 's offer to care for them , she has "  taken the decision to request Russian nationality and quit this country that is nothing more an animal cemetery . " On Wednesday , she appealed to French President Francois Hollande to intervene on behalf of the Indian elephants , named Baby and Nepal , who are believed to have tuberculosis . In an interview with French newspaper Le Parisien , the actress said that the former circus elephants could be helped with the right veterinary care and that the foundation could help find them a more suitable place to live . Read more : France 's smash-and-grab tax laws will lead to ` brain drain ' The Tete d'Or zoo , established in Lyon in 1865 , has about 1,000 animals in its care and runs a number of breeding programs , according to its website . It is not yet clear if any request by Bardot for Russian citizenship would be granted . Depardieu 's Russian citizenship was granted to him personally by presidential decree , Russia 's official news agency RIA Novosti reported . He and Putin are friends , and the actor has worked in Russia before . In a letter to journalists , Depardieu gushed with praise for the country and its society , RIA Novosti reported . The movie star and businessman recently fled his native France in a high-profile protest of government plans for a tax hike on the richest , moving just across the border to the town of Nechin , Belgium . France 's socialist administration wants to raise taxes on citizens earning more than 1 million euros  $ 1.3 million  annually to 75 % . The Russian Federation has a flat income tax rate of 13 % , RIA Novosti reported . France 's constitutional council struck down the top tax rate measure at the end of last year , but Hollande has voiced his determination still to ask for more from "  those who have the most . " CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Brigitte Bardot says she will request Russian citizenship if two elephants are euthanized She has urged President Hollande to save the elephants , thought to have tuberculosis Her move comes on the heels of Gerard Depardieu 's acceptance of a Russian passport Depardieu is angry about French plans to raise taxes on its richest citizens
CNN  -- This summer , a group of University of Kentucky students and staff has been patrolling campus grounds -- scouting out any student , employee or visitor lighting a cigarette . Unlike hall monitors who cite students for bad behavior , the Tobacco-free Take Action ! volunteers approach smokers , respectfully ask them to dispose of the cigarette and provide information about quit-smoking resources available on campus . The University of Kentucky is one of more than 500 college campuses across the country that have enacted 100 % smoke-free or tobacco-free policies as of July 1 . Although policy enforcement varies from school to school , most prohibit smoking on all campus grounds , including athletic stadiums , restaurants and parking lots . An increasing number of colleges adopted smoke-free or tobacco-free policies in the past few years , according to American Nonsmokers ' Rights Foundation Project Manager Liz Williams . In the past year alone , 120 campuses were added to the smoke-free list . The most successful policies have been grass-roots efforts driven by students and campus employees . "  They typically come about because students and faculty are questioning the role of tobacco in an educational setting and deciding to discourage its use and exposure , " Williams said . About 46 million Americans age 18 and older smoke cigarettes , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A 2010 American College Health Association report found that out of 30,093 students surveyed at 39 colleges , 4.4 % had smoked every day in the past 30 days . Since the first surgeon general report declaring the negative effects of smoking in 1964 , smoking has become "  socially less acceptable " among people of all ages , especially college students , says Laura Talbott-Forbes , chairwoman of the health association 's Alcohol , Tobacco and Other Drugs Coalition . "  There 's a very health-conscious , socially aware student that we have on campus these days , " she said . Should smoking be banned in public ? The smoke-free spree It was n't until the early 2000s that 100 % smoke-free campuses began popping up across the United States . Ty Patterson , the former vice president of Student Affairs at Ozarks Technical Community College in Springfield , Missouri , says he started the first smoke-free campus in 2003 , but the idea was planted in 1999 . "  The president came to me and said , ` Ty , we 've got problems . You ca n't get in and out of doorways without going through a corridor of smoke , ' " Patterson recalled . Patterson , who had quit smoking two years prior , set out to find a higher education institution that had managed to eliminate tobacco on campus . To Patterson 's dismay , there were n't any . "  When I explained to  schools  what we were thinking about doing , they said ... ` We 'd love to be able to do that , but we do n't know how , ' " he said . Over the next four years , Patterson developed a policy in which trained staff members held polite conversations with students and faculty who violated the smoking rules . The first violation is a warning . The second and third result in $ 15 fines or two hours spent picking up tobacco litter . For any further violations , the offender is placed on probation or asked to leave the school . Although some employees vehemently opposed the policy , Patterson says , no staff member ever reached the third violation , and only two students were placed on probation from the time the school enforced the policy in October 2004 . Ozarks Technical spent more than 3 1/2 years developing the initiative and educating students and staff about the forthcoming policy . However , Patterson -- who has now helped more than 500 schools , hospitals and businesses implement smoking bans as the director of the National Center for Tobacco Policy -- says most campuses today can effectively institute a policy in one year since there 's less resistance to the concept than in 2003 . Early morning smokers have higher cancer risk It really works The University of Michigan enacted a smoke-free policy on July 1 . Campus officials spent three years researching policies and forming focus groups , committees and surveys to seek student and faculty input . Since the ban was implemented , school Chief Health Officer Dr. Robert Winfield says , it 's uncommon to see smokers anywhere but along city of Ann Arbor sidewalks -- where smoking is permitted . He cited one entrance to the Michigan Union known as a smoker hot spot . When he visited the area recently , he noted , "  there was n't a smoker in sight . " In 2009 , the state of Kentucky had one of the highest smoking rates at 25.6 % , according to the CDC . Since the University of Kentucky turned smoke-free in November that year , an increasing number of people have sought tobacco treatment services . In 2008 , 33 people enrolled in a tobacco cessation program . After the policy 's first year , enrollment rose to 146 people , according to Ellen Hahn , director of UK 's Tobacco Policy Research Program . The number of nicotine replacement coupons redeemed by students and faculty also increased from 124 to 470 in the same period . For smokers visiting the campus , UK offers nicotine cessation products , such as gum or patches , for $ 5 at several locations . "  We 're trying to make it comfortable for people so they do n't feel like they have to light up and violate the policy , " Hahn said . Secondhand smoke boosts kids ' ADHD , learning disability risks Policy patrol During the first semester of a smoking ban , Patterson recommends that universities not come down with a heavy fist and instead educate the community about the policy and the negative effects of tobacco . Nearly two years later , the University of Kentucky still does n't exercise strict enforcement . "  We certainly do n't have smoking police , " Hahn said . Instead , smoke-free supporters like senior Melissa McCann , a Tobacco-free Take Action ! volunteer , remind smokers of the ban . McCann said the 10 smokers she asked to extinguish their cigarettes this summer all complied . "  In a tobacco state , you might think we 'd have more backlash and opposition than we did , " said Hahn , explaining that only a few students held a protest the day the policy launched . Regardless of the health benefits , opponents argue that smoke-free policies infringe on people 's rights . Michigan senior Graham Kozak , president of the College Libertarians , says smoking is a "  personal choice . " "  It 's not within the scope of the university 's responsibilities to decide that smoking is an activity that we as adults should n't engage in , " he said . Jonathan Sternberg , an attorney currently fighting a citywide smoking ban in Springfield , Missouri , says smoking bans "  just do n't really make sense . " "  Any time you tell  people  that they ca n't do something they want to do , really they 're just going to do it anyway . ... All you 're doing is encouraging disrespect for authority , " Sternberg said . Smoking in pregnancy linked to serious birth defects A smoke-free future The University of Florida went tobacco-free in July 2010 , and Valencia College in Orlando plans to adopt the policy in 2012 . This spurred students at Seminole State College of Florida to talk with administrators about following their lead , says Student Government Association President Krizia Capeles . In response , the association plans to distribute a ballot this fall , in which students will vote for or against a smoking ban . Patterson predicts that nearly all college campuses in the United States will be 100 % smoke-free in 10 years . Talbott-Forbes , too , says it 's a possibility -- mentioning how professors once smoked in their offices but ca n't today . "  We 've gone from pushing smoking out of the building ... to now trying to push smoking totally off campus , " she said . Although it may take time to sink in , Hahn said , people eventually "  get it . " "  They get the idea that tobacco use just is n't accepted here . "	About 530 colleges across the country that have enacted 100 % smoke-free policies Ozarks Technical Community College in Missouri started the first smoking ban in 2003 More smokers have sought treatment at University of Kentucky since it banned tobacco in 2009 Some expect smoking bans to spread to all college campuses
Budget Travel  -- It 's every city 's favorite excuse for a party . Here are ten spectacular ways to ring in 2009 . Brilliant and colorful fireworks light up Australia 's Sydney Harbour Bridge last New Year 's Eve . Bangkok : A fresh tradition If Times Square 's light show does n't cut it for you , head to the capital of Thailand , where a 52-foot-high Greeting Ball Tower signals the arrival of midnight . Outside of the giant CentralWorld shopping mall , about 500,000 revelers join hands to count down to the New Year . Earlier in the evening , events include seven concert performances by Thai stars . Grab a glass of Chang beer from an outdoor garden for about $ 1.50 . BudgetTravel.com : See slideshow of New Year 's hot spots Details : handsbangkokcountdown.com or tourismthailand.org . Hot tip : Catch traditional Thai dance and folk music on the city 's historic parade ground , Sanam Luang . At midnight , fireworks explode over the banks of the Chao Phraya River . Berlin : The best and the wurst Despite temperatures of around the freezing point , Berliners host an open-air New Year 's Eve bash , and the city claims that it is the largest such party in the world . Roughly one million merrymakers pack the nearly mile-and-a-quarter-long stretch between the Victory Column and the Brandenburg Gate . Colorful lasers illuminate the sky while music -- mostly pop and dance -- blares from giant speakers . Elsewhere in town , Germans are as law-abiding on Silvester  New Year 's Eve  as always , lighting their private fireworks in designated spaces under police watch . But they also cut loose with practical jokes , such as filling homemade doughnuts with mustard instead of the usual jelly . Details : silvester-berlin . de . Hot tip : If you need a breather , duck into one of the scattered party tents . Rest on free heated benches and munch on specialty sausages , such as bratwurst for around $ 3 . Or else head to Unter den Linden Boulevard , which presents a clearer , less claustrophobic view of the fireworks . Cape Town : Where the Second is best A slave 's only day off in 18th-century South Africa was on January 2 , and so it 's on Tweede Nuwe Jaar  Second New Year  that Cape Town parties the hardest . Up to 2,800 minstrels paint their faces white and storm the streets for the Cape Town Minstrel Carnival . Expect crowds of more than 80,000 . Clad in bright colors , participants carry instruments  such as whistles  and umbrellas while parading from Keizersgracht Street past City Hall and into Rose Street . South African wares and local delicacies are hawked along the route , and troupes compete for titles like Best Dressed . Details : capetownminstrels.co.za and tourismcapetown.co.za . Hot tip : Pop into a café along the cobblestone streets of the Bo Kaap residential neighborhood . Watch from indoors as minstrels perform patterned dances past brightly painted houses . Edinburgh : Scottish night lights The Scottish capital toasts every New Year with a four-day festival called Hogmanay  pronounced hog-muh-NAY  . On the Monday before New Years 2009 , a torchlight procession along Princes Street whisks a giant wicker lion to Calton Hill , where it 's torched . Then on New Year 's Eve , indie rockers like Glasvegas blast away in the streets , while more mainstream rockers like Paolo Nutini perform at the Princes Street Gardens . Nearby , there 's a ceilidh , a traditional Scottish party where locals dance gigs and reels to a piper 's beat . Details : edinburghshogmanay.org and visitscotland.com . Hot tip : Practice the traditional Scottish song "  Auld Lang Syne " in advance . Everyone belts it out when the clock strikes 12 . Hong Kong : Reaching for the stars The waterfront promenade Tsim Sha Tsui is a fine vantage point to take in the midnight pyrotechnics above the city 's tallest building , 2 IFC . For an even more memorable view , jump aboard the Shining Star Ferry for a two-hour cruise of Victoria Harbour . It departs from the Tsim Sha Tsui pier ; price has still not been set but will probably be around $ 20 per adult . Details : discoverhongkong.com . Hot tip : A carnival in Sha Tin Park will include roving street performances of music and puppetry . It 's a 15-minute tram ride from downtown  plus a roughly 7-minute walk  . Las Vegas : The glittering Strip Vegas lives up to its rep as a party town on December 31 , with lunatic stunts , a massive light display , and performances by well known entertainers . The Strip hosts the free portion of America 's Party , an extravaganza with a fireworks display launching from various spots . On Fremont Street , folks pay $ 20 a head to see Tribute-Palooza , a set of eight bands that imitate major acts like U2 , Kiss , and Elton John . Details : For Fremont Street , see vegasexperience.com . For the Strip , see visitlasvegas.com . Hot tip : The Las Vegas Monorail runs until 3 a.m. ; a special one-day pass costs $ 12 . New Orleans : Gumbo and pigskin As in years past , New Orleans puts its own twist on New York City 's ball drop . Its spotlit gumbo pot drops from the Jax Brewery at midnight . Its fall prompts a nightlong bar crawl in the historic French Quarter . This year , is the 75th anniversary of the Sugar Bowl , and the football matchup takes place on January 2 . Expect a football theme for most of the weekend 's events . For example , in Jackson Square after the gumbo pot drop , a light-and-sound display will synchronize the fight song of each team playing in the Bowl this year with the appearance of each team 's colors in the sky . Details : neworleansonline.com . Hot tip : Hop the ferry from Canal Street to Algiers Point  friendsoftheferry.org  , where you can get a comparatively peaceful view of fireworks . The free ferry departs every 30 minutes from 6:15 a.m. to 1:15 a.m. on New Year 's Eve . Reykjavík : Fantasy and flames Icelandic law allows a firework free-for-all on New Year 's Eve , making for a raucous night in the capital city . Friends and neighbors sing folk songs at roughly half-a-dozen bonfires scattered across Reykjavík . Note that on this holiday , local bars and clubs open a little after midnight . Details : visitreykjavik.is . Hot tip : Temperatures typically dip to about 23 degrees Fahrenheit . The warmest way to enjoy the celebrations is to take a coach tour . Iceland Excursions ' Gray Line stops at the largest bonfires for $ 71 per adult . A midnight toast of sparkling wine is included , of course . Rio de Janeiro : Beach party The two-and-a-half mile stretch of Copacabana Beach plays host to more than two million partygoers decked out in traditional white . Cariocas  as the locals call themselves  make offerings of red roses and white gladioli to Iemanjá , the goddess of the waters , before an all-night whirlwind of dancing and live concerts . Head to majestic Sugarloaf Mountain for a somewhat quieter vantage point for taking in the fireworks display . Details : rioconventionbureau.com.br . Hot tip : Looking for passion ? Wear a hint of red to send the right message . Sydney : First to cheer Because of its location , Sydney is among the first major cities to greet the new year . The city will synch up its pyrotechnics with colorful lighting effects on the arches of the Sydney Harbour Bridge . Revelers gear up earlier in the day . Waterfront events attract crowds of Sydneysiders in T-shirts and shorts -- plus indigenous people in traditional garb . Between 3 p.m. and 6 p.m. , aircraft will run hourly flyovers above Sydney Harbour Bridge . After 9 p.m. , 55 illuminated ships circuit Sydney Harbour , foreshadowing the barrage of light and sound to come . Details : sydneynewyearseve.com.au ; the site lists dozens of vantage points and other info . Hot tip : Lay down a blanket at North Head at Sydney Harbour National Park , a relatively uncrowded hangout for gazing at the fireworks . Additional reporting by Amy Cassell . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2008 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	80,000 hard partiers jam streets of Cape Town , South Africa on January 2 12 Icelandic bonfires dot Reykjavík and bars open a little AFTER midnight Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , offers all-night whirlwind of beach dancing , live concerts Vegas has Tribute-Palooza : bands imitate U2 , Kiss , Elton John and others
CNN  -- Of the many ghouls that we associate with Halloween , few reign as supremely in our imaginings as witches . Though these days , our fascination with witchcraft takes on a more benign form  nothing a Netflix all-night Buffy-fest ca n't cure  , there once was a time when the mere mention of sorcery led entire towns to burn , drown , crush and flay those individuals believed in possession of magical powers . Though it may seem witches have since been relegated to the history books and costume shops , there are still many places in the world that treat magic as serious business , no matter the time of year . Want a truly spellbinding experience ? Check out our guide to the world 's witchiest hotspots . Trust us , their worth a pilgrimage . Show us your most terrifying Halloween outfits Salem , Massachusetts The Salem witch trials that ended in 1693 have become firmly embedded in the public imagination . Most notably , the trials were the basis for Arthur Miller 's McCarthyism parable , "  The Crucible " , though since they 've made the backdrop of fantasy staples , from "  Dr. Who " to "  The Vampire Diaries . " The trials , which led to the execution of 20 "  witches , " started after two girls were afflicted with a strange illness that 17th-century doctors could not diagnose . Over 150 individuals were ultimately accused , with several dying while languishing in jail cells . Today , Salem 's witchlore has resulted in a booming tourist trade . Over 100,000 visitors pour into town during the month-long Haunted Happenings festival , which takes place every October . "  About 85 % of visitors we asked say they 're interested in the witch trials , and 80 % say they 're interested in modern witches , " explains Kate Fox , the executive director of Destination Salem . The town also boasts a strong Wiccan community , with many setting up spell shops and psychic stalls where visitors can get their palms read . While witch costumes are encouraged , green face paint is not smiled upon . "  The witch community is not a fan of green-faced witches . It 's a stereotype they 're trying to get away from , " Fox explains . Read more : Costume festivals for grown-ups Lancashire , UK Before the Salem trials , there were the Pendle witches . The 1612 trials , in which ten people were found guilty and hanged , were among the most notorious in English history . Religious fervor played a strong role , as the Protestant King James I was eager to rout out both witches and Catholics -- often associated as one and the same . The impoverished did n't fare much better . "  The poor often sold natural remedies from local plants and herbs , which local authorities often viewed as ` spells ' , and hence demonic , " explains Michael Williams , tourism team leader for Pendle Borough Council and Marketing Lancashire . Last year marked the 400th anniversary of the trials , which the town commemorated by instituting the Pendle Sculpture Trail -- a signposted walk that has ten plaques -- one for each victim -- posted on trees throughout the woodland area . The trails are dotted with landmarks from the trials , and culminate at Lancaster Castle , the former prison where he accused were tried . Brocken , Germany Fans of Faust might recognize the Brocken as the traditional meeting place of witches , who apparently gather yearly April 30 for Walpurgisnacht . The Brocken is the highest peak of the Harz mountain range in North Germany , and was once believe to be the destination for many a goat-riding witch or warlock  brooms came into the equation later  . Though locals once hung crosses and herbs on their doors to ward off the supposedly evil-doers , these days celebrants emulate the witches . Thousands channel their inner Hermione and gather on the mountain top clad in black hats and makeup . Read more : World 's weirdest food festivals La Paz , Bolivia In a mountain clearing known as Cerro Cumbre sits the type of market that does n't carry your usual tourist fodder  unless you 're in the market for a dried llama fetus  . The Witches Market , or Mercado de las Brujas is made up of shops that carry everything from medicinal herbs , to heftier spell-making ingredients . For many of the brujas , or witches , magic is a family business , and several store owners sell concoctions that have been passed down through the generations . Though the market used to be the exclusive purview of Bolivians , these days , tourists make up the bulk of its economy . Catemaco , Mexico Every year , on the first Friday of March , the town of Catemaco hosts the International Congress of Witches . Thousands of believers bus in from all over Mexico to enlist local sorcerers to cast a spell or read a fortune  for a fee  . Though witchcraft has a centuries-old history in Mexico -- a mix of pre-Hispanic and Catholic rituals -- the Congress only dates back to the '70s . In recent years , the event has become a tourist attraction , and these days local music acts are as much a part of it as the palm readings and curse removals .	Salem attracts over 100,000 witch-hunting tourists around Halloween . Thousands of witch-dressed revelers gather in the German mountains on Walpurgisnacht . In Le Paz , Bolivia , tourists can purchase spell ingredients at the local witch market . Catemaco , Mexico hosts the annual International Congress of Witches .
CNN  -- After surviving a near-fatal car accident , Kaitlin Hunter found herself battling a devastating bacterial infection in her colon that also threatened her life . The persistent infection was beaten through a little-known technique involving the transplant of fecal matter from Hunter 's mother , which put healthy bacteria back into her colon . Following the July procedure , "  I 've been so happy , " said Hunter , 20 , of Marietta , Georgia . "  I 'm cured . " Her struggle began more than a year earlier when she was released from a hospital in Sacramento , California . A June 2011 car accident fractured her lower spine , lacerated her liver and colon , and broke all 10 toes . Emergency crews used the Jaws of Life to cut Hunter from her dad 's car , and then she was flown to the hospital , where she spent the next month . Upon her release , Hunter flew home to Georgia . It had n't been the summer vacation she imagined , but she thought she was getting better . But "  right when I got off the plane , I went to the hospital . I was having extremely bad stomach pain . A month later , we found out it was C. diff , " Hunter said , using the abbreviation for the bacteria Clostridium difficile . How it began In the hospital after her accident , doctors followed standard care and put Hunter on antibiotics to prevent an infection . In spite of the antibiotics -- or possibly because of them -- C. diff infected her colon , causing severe stomach pain , diarrhea and vomiting . Hunter , who stands 5 feet 7 inches tall , lost 40 pounds during her struggle . Her weight plummeted to 85 pounds . It 's believed that antibiotics , which kill harmful infection-causing bacteria , also weaken the beneficial , healthy bacteria percolating in the colon . With the colon 's defenses down , C. diff grows rampant , releasing a toxin and inflaming the colon . C. diff infections kill about 14,000 people in the United States every year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , and the number and severity of total cases have increased dramatically over the past decade . Experts : Alcohol enemas ` extremely dangerous ' Even though antibiotics put someone at risk of developing a C. diff infection , standard treatment still calls for prescribing more and different antibiotics to kill the C. diff and allow healthy bacteria to recolonize . But for many people such as Hunter -- who went through nine rounds of antibiotic treatments -- the healthy bacteria never get the upper hand , and the C. diff just keeps coming back . ` Brand-new ' treatment Increasingly , doctors are taking a different approach . Instead of continued assaults on bacteria , "  fecal matter transplants " recolonize the colon with new bacteria from a healthy donor . "  This is brand-new for most gastroenterologists , " said Dr. Suku George , Hunter 's treating physician . "  We are very excited about this . " George had never deposited fecal matter by colonoscopy into a patient until Hunter wanted to try it . Hunter 's mother "  donated " one of her stools for the procedure . Next , the hospital lab carefully diluted it , and George pumped the foreign fecal matter right into Hunter 's colon . The result ended Hunter 's struggle with C. diff . A study published in March reported a 91 % cure rate after just one fecal matter transplant , and a 98 % cure rate when combined with an additional round of antibiotics . Remarkably , that study only included the sickest of patients . All 77 of the study participants already had a recurring C. diff infection , having tried and failed five rounds of antibiotic-only treatments over 11 months , on average . The study used the colonoscopy method , which many believe is the most effective , because relatively large amounts of fecal matter can be placed deep inside the colon . Other methods use either an enema or a nasogastric tube , which sends fecal matter through the nasal passage , down the throat and into the stomach . Why polio has n't gone away yet George tried the nasogastric tube on Hunter , using fecal material from her father , but the C. diff infection returned . He then asked for and received permission to perform the hospital 's first colonoscopic fecal transplant . Looking ahead Gastroenterologists pioneering the practice unanimously seem to agree that eventually a cleaner , commercially developed suppository will replace the crude feces and water mixtures currently in use . "  It 'll become a little more acceptable to hospitals and patients and more widely performed , " said Dr. Lawrence Brandt , a professor of medicine and surgery at New York 's Albert Einstein College of Medicine who was the lead author on the March study . "  But for people that have recurring C. diff , it does n't really much matter , because these patients are so ill and so much want to get better . The fact that it 's stool , it does n't matter to them . " To enroll in a fecal transplant study , visit clinicaltrials.gov .	After surviving a car accident , Kaitlin Hunter battled a bacterial infection Nine rounds of antibiotics failed to provide a cure Hunter underwent a fecal matter transplant with material from her mother Her doctor says gastroenterologists are "  very excited " about the treatment
CNN  -- Inside the Gahaya Links workshop on the outskirts of Kigali , Rwanda 's capital , a group of women sit side by side against a brightly-painted wall . Using natural fibers and grasses , they pool their weaving skills to create exquisite hand-made baskets , inspired by the eastern African country 's art and tradition . Seeing these women talking , laughing and working together , it 's hard to imagine that many of them were once enemies , belonging to warring tribes during the 1994 Rwanda genocide . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- really amazing to see how a small piece of work , how culture can restore values in people , how healing comes through a small basket , " says Janet Nkubana , co-founder of Gahaya Links , the company that has made Rwanda 's hand-woven baskets internationally famous . "  And then people open up , forgive one another and get back together . They say hello , they interact , they visit , they share what they used to share before , " adds Nkubana , a master weaver herself . See also : ` African women need a hand-up not hand-out ' Women in Rwanda have been handcrafting baskets for centuries , using them as containers to carry food and transport goods or as decorations during weddings and baby christenings . Today , Gahaya Links ' baskets have been coined "  peace baskets , " an embodiment of reconciliation and healing in a country torn by conflict . "  If you just meet someone on the streets and go - you do n't really heal from what you went through , " says one of the women at the workshop . "  But through this kind of association where we meet everyday , spending all day together , it makes you understand one another and forgive one another . " An estimated 800,000 Tutsis and politically-moderate Hutus were murdered in just 100 days during the Rwanda genocide nearly two decades ago . After the violence ended , many Rwandan women whose husbands , fathers and sons were killed found themselves thrust into the unfamiliar role of being sole breadwinners for their families . At the same time , Rwandans who had fled the genocide and earlier internal conflicts started returning in droves from neighboring countries . One of them was Nkubana -- decades ago , she had fled to Uganda where she grew up in a refugee camp . Upon her return to the country , Nkubana opened a hotel with her elder sister in Kigali . Many traumatized women and children would often come to the hotel to beg for food . See also : Why Ida Odinga is not your average politician 's wife "  One thing that struck me one day was -LSB- that -RSB- after you give somebody food , they would be scared to come back , " remembers Nkubana . "  A lady walked in with a basket and said , ` can you take this basket and give me something to eat . ' " That prompted Nkubana to start encouraging the distressed women to bring their woven baskets to the hotel so they could sell them to the hotel guests . "  We started organizing women and we started trying to make the baskets so fine so that they suit in the market , " says Nkubana . "  And in that sense , they restored their dignity . " Nkubana 's efforts to empower the underprivileged women of Rwanda cultivated to the creation of Gahaya Links -- the company started operations in 2004 with only 27 women . Today , it has over 4,500 artisans in more than 40 cooperatives across the country . Through Gahaya Links , Nkubana has taken the traditional basket from Rwanda to the shelves of high-end U.S. stores . Under the "  Africa Growth and Opportunity Act , " which allows Nkubana 's products duty-free entrance into the U.S. market , Gahaya Links sells its handicrafts in American department stores such as Macy 's , Kate Spade , Anthropologie and Same Sky . The company has helped to break the cycle of poverty for thousands of rural families , by turning a traditional handicraft into a profit-making venture . "  Once you earn an income , " says Nkubana , "  you are economically empowered . You are given a voice , you can argue your values , you can argue your point , you can argue your rights . " See also : Teaching ` reconciliation over revenge ' At the same time , it has helped to improve the quality of life in the homes of the women "  Where we have married couples , men are embracing it with dignity and appreciation that my wife is really working hard , " says Nkubana . "  When you look at what women are doing , it is like what men used to do . Because now they earn an income , they provide for homes ... It also reduces what we call the domestic violence . "  It is a pride for her and she feels respected , she feels dignified and then they feel that it has restored their value as mothers in the house . "	Gahaya Links helps Rwandan women make an income by crafting baskets Co-founder Janet Nkubana puts their handiwork on the global market The company has helped to break the cycle for thousands of rural families Women in Rwanda have been handcrafting baskets for centuries
CNN  -- Decorating in the midst of a financial recession is not easy . But Thom Filicia , host of the Style Network 's "  Dress My Nest , " author of "  Thom Filicia Style " and former cast member of "  Queer Eye for the Straight Guy , " insists that it can be done . "  Paint is very affordable . Pick a color that has life and personality , " Thom Filicia says . "  I always tell people , ` Start with what you have . ' Work as much with what you have as possible , and then fill in where necessary , " Filicia said . CNN recently asked the design guru about decorating on a budget and helpful tips to make your home look its best . CNN : When you walk into a room that you 're going to redesign , where does your mind first go ? Thom Filicia : I look at the layout , I look at the way the space is being used , and I try to figure out what the best use of the space is ; that it works really well , it looks good , that you 're getting the best views , you 're seeing the space , and that you 're getting through the space . CNN : And that 's focusing mainly on furniture ? Filicia : That really focuses on all the furniture . You want to look at where the rug is and where the sofa is and coffee tables and chairs -- just how the room works . Even if it 's great-looking stuff , it sometimes does n't look as good as it can look . CNN : What can people on a tight budget do to rearrange their living room and make it look better with what they have ? Filicia : Make sure that your furniture layout works . Make sure that the things you love to look at , you 're seeing . Make sure things are n't cluttered . Paint is very affordable . Pick a color that has life and personality . You could do an accent wall behind your sofa . You could use a low - -LSB- volatile organic compound -RSB- paint so it 's environmentally friendly . You can use inexpensive up lights . You put them on either side of a piece of furniture or behind a tree . You always want to have a Lutron dimmer you plug into the wall . And then plug your lamps into the Lutron dimmer , and you can dim the whole room . CNN : As far as accessories go , like flowers and pillows , where do you draw the line on too much or not enough ? Filicia : I like to keep things clean and straightforward . I think one floral arrangement is usually enough , or maybe a couple really small cute little ones . Pillows should function . You want to sit on a sofa and be comfortable . Start with three : one lumbar in the center and maybe a pair of pillows left and right . Add a throw , a rug for underfoot . Those things start to add layers to the room and make it a little more acoustical . CNN : What are some common designing rules that people always tend to follow but that you can actually break ? Filicia : People think that dark walls make a room smaller . It actually makes the space bigger . All the corners recede , and it adds a lot of depth . Also , I think that color definitely adds a lot of warmth to spaces . CNN : What 's the most common mistake that people make ? Filicia : People just do n't trust their instincts , and they 're not willing to take a risk . Have fun with it . It 's only decorating . People tend to go with beige and white just because they 're afraid or they do n't want to make a commitment . CNN : If someone had just enough money to do one thing in their room , what would you tell them to focus on ? Filicia : The first thing you want to really focus on is a great sofa , because it is really the anchor for the room . In a bedroom , the anchor piece is your bed . Start with your anchor piece , and that 's where you spend your most money . CNN : You have a new book out now , is that right ? Filicia : Yup , I have a book out right now , which is called "  Thom Filicia Style , " and it 's a great book . It 's a lot of fun . It 's got a lot of great tips in it . It talks about my philosophy ; it talks about color and texture . It 's a very comprehensive book with case studies . CNN : Can you give us some tips for making a place eco-friendly on a tight budget ? Filicia : It 's very easy to use eco-friendly cleaning supplies , environmentally friendly lighting throughout your house using low wattage or eco-friendly bulbs . Also , just turning your lights off when you 're not in a room ; when you 're brushing your teeth not keeping the water running ; taking shorter showers . These are all really simple , easy ways that we can all help Mother Earth repair and heal and replenish itself .	Thom Filicia of "  Dress My Nest " gives home decorating tips Style expert says designing on a budget is simple "  People just do n't trust their instincts , and they 're not willing to take a risk , " he says Filicia says there are easy ways to make your home eco-friendly
CNN  -- Taiwan and China held their highest level talks for more than six decades Tuesday , marking the first government-to-government contact since the pair 's acrimonious split in 1949 . Wang Yu-chi of Taiwan 's Mainland Affairs Council  MAC  , which oversees the island 's China policy , met with his mainland Chinese counterpart Zhang Zhijun , of China 's Taiwan Affairs Office . After the meeting , China 's state news agency Xinhua said the two sides had agreed to open a regular communication channel . "  We should both be resolute to not let cross-strait relations suffer any more twists and turns , and never let it  the relationship  go backward , " Zhang was quoted by Xinhua as saying . Previous contact between the two sides has been conducted through semi-official foundations or through political parties , not by government ministers acting in their official capacities . "  Being able to sit down and talk today was quite unimaginable in the past , " Xinhua quoted Wang as saying . In a statement , Taiwan 's MAC said that Wang had invited Zhang to visit Taiwan to better understand society and popular sentiment . Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou said the visit had " extraordinary significance , " according to the island 's Central News Agency . On his departure from Taipei , Wang said the visit would not be "  easy " and the two sides would not sign any specific agreement . The meeting took place in Nanjing , which was the seat of government under the Kuomintang or Nationalist party before a civil war with the Chinese Communists forced Nationalist forces to flee to Taiwan in 1949 . Ever since , the island and mainland China have been governed separately . The exclusion of two Taiwan reporters from covering the meeting has soured the start of Wang 's historic visit , which is expected to last until Friday . Two journalists from Taiwan 's Apple Daily and Radio Free Asia were excluded from a delegation of more than 80 reporters accompanying Wang , according to Freedom House , a press freedom watchdog . "  The Chinese government 's refusal to grant access to these journalists reflects two important trends -- the Communist Party 's expansion of its tactics for influencing media from Hong Kong to Taiwan , and the government 's use of visa denials as a way to punish overseas news outlets for critical coverage , " said Sarah Cook , senior research analyst at Freedom House . Taiwan 's Central News Agency said Wang would address protecting the freedom of the press at the meeting . Beijing considers Taiwan a breakaway province and has never ruled out the use of force to achieve reunification . Taiwan also calls itself the Republic of China . Relations between the two sides have improved since Ma , of the Kuomintang party , came to power in Taiwan 's 2008 elections . CNN 's Beijing bureau contributed to this report	NEW Taiwan and China agree to regular communication Nanjing meeting marks the first government-to-government contact since 1949 split Taiwan 's top China policymaker Wang Yu-chi will meet counterpart Zhang Zhijun Group says two Taiwan-based reporters have been excluded from covering trip
CNN Student News  -- November 11 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : South Korea South Africa Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of stories covered on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Are you still shopping for holiday gifts ? Then stop right now . Do n't buy another present before you read this . I want to save you from making the biggest holiday gift-giving mistake of your life . Look , we 've all heard the clichÃ © gift adage : "  It 's the thought that counts . " But sometimes you truly have to wonder : What the hell was the person thinking when they bought the gift ? Did the person just close his or her eyes and buy the first thing they touched ? Or maybe they were drunk while shopping ? Regardless of the reason , there are too many good people getting bad gifts . This is n't about being ungrateful . It 's about being honest . We have all received gifts that require us to fake a smile as our eyes dart around desperately hoping to locate the receipt . I 'm not alone in feeling this way . Earlier this week , I posted a simple question on Twitter and Facebook : Have you ever received a bad holiday gift ? The responses were off the charts . Christmas , Hanukah , Eid , etc. -- it did n't matter , you pick the holiday and I can list you a bunch of bad gifts . So , I humbly offer to be your gift-giving guide -- sort of like the ghost in Charles Dickens ' "  A Christmas Carol . " And in keeping with that classic holiday tale , we will start by looking at holidays past in the hopes that you wo n't replicate the gift-giving catastrophes of bygone days . 1 . Do n't give gifts that imply the recipient is fat or needs to improve his or her looks This came up numerous times . People thought they were being helpful by surprising their friend or loved one with a gift certificate for a weight loss program like Jenny Craig or for a personal trainer . The most astounding gift was a voucher for a Botox treatment given to Hanadi Kalla -- she was 26 years old at the time . Only give these types of gifts if discussed in advance or prepare yourself for the consequences . 2 . Overly practical gifts These were typically given by husbands or boyfriends to their wives or girlfriends . Here are a few of the gems : an ice scraper for the car , a battery organizer , Pyrex dishes , and my favorite was this gift to Beth Richardson : A replacement car antenna -- yes , installation was included . These gifts are fine if a person asks for it . But barring a specific request : No electric can openers as holiday gifts . 3 . Re-gifting nightmares Look , we have all re-gifted things . But there 's a right way and a dreadfully wrong way to do this . Here are examples of what not to do . A person received a sweater that was not only clearly used , but it smelled like cigarette smoke .  Yes , the gift-giver was a smoker .  And then there 's Sarah Elbatanouny , whose boyfriend gave her a used Palm Pilot that had been owned by his ex-girlfriend . But it gets worse : He actually wrapped it with an old Playboy magazine because he could n't find wrapping paper . Re-gifting should be in the original packaging and the gift should look new . 4 . Gifts that have no connection to the person I have a Muslim friend who was given a holiday gift of a 12-pound baked ham . I 'm not kidding ! Another person received thick wool ski socks even though she had never skied and lived in Southern California . And then there was the box of chocolates given to @maverick_kris -- only problem was that he 's diabetic . Today , most people are on Facebook , so you can easily see their interests and shop accordingly . So if the person has posted on Facebook "  I hate the outdoors , " do n't buy them camping equipment . Now let me morph into the ghost of holiday gift future and offer you some tips that may be helpful in your gift selection process : 1 . Ask the person what they would like Wow , pretty simple right ? Yet for some reason in this world of instant communication where we are all connected via e-mail , text , and/or social media , some would prefer to just guess at what the person may like . 2 . Yes , gift cards are fine If you still have no idea what to buy , then pick up a gift card to a major chain store . There may have been a time when these seemed like the least thoughtful gift , but I think most would prefer these over cinnamon flavored candles or a re-gifted fern . Hopefully , my efforts as the ghost of holiday gifts past and future will help you navigate this holiday season . After all , if you are going to expend the effort to get someone a holiday gift , then why not give a gift they will truly enjoy and appreciate ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : There are too many good people getting bad gifts for holidays Obeidallah : I want to save you from making gift-giving mistakes ; here are four ways He says do n't give overtly practical gifts and do n't re-gift something that 's been used Obeidallah : At the very least , do n't be afraid to ask someone what he or she likes
CNN  -- Explosions targeting a passenger train carrying hundreds of passengers traveling after Eid holidays killed at least seven passengers and wounded 16 others in Pakistan 's southern Balochistan province on Monday , authorities said . Three improvised explosive devices went off in a coordinated manner as the train approached an area in the Naseerabad district of the province , said Muhammad Azhar , a local police official . The train , the Jaffar Express , had come from Pakistan 's most populous province , Punjab , Azhar said . The explosions damaged the train and the rail tracks , he said , and authorities suspended the train service after the attack . There has been no claim of responsibility for the attack . Baloch separatists have been targeting security forces and infrastructure in the region for more than a decade .	Three explosive devices explode around a passenger train in Balochistan The train carried passengers from Punjab province There has been no claim of responsibility for the attack
Attorney General Eric Holder is spending his remaining time in office as an activist for civil rights and social justice issues , ranging from gay rights to changing sentencing laws for non-violent crimes . If all goes as planned , it could help change his legacy . The key mile-marker in Holder 's five-year tenure is President Barack Obama 's February 2011 decision -- with Holder 's recommendation -- to quit legally defending the Clinton-era Defense of Marriage Act . The law required the federal government to deny recognition of same-sex marriages . That decision , which came at a time when the President said he was still "  evolving " on whether to support such marriages , eventually led to the Supreme Court 's ruling last year that overturned the law . And it led to Holder 's announcement in recent weeks to extend spousal benefits to same-sex married couples in all federal legal matters . Is same-sex marriage no longer a political issue ? For Holder , 63 , it 's a way to carve out a modern civil rights legacy . In discussing his gay-rights efforts , he often mentions his sister-in-law , who in 1963 made history as one of the two black students who integrated the University of Alabama under federal armed guard . A portrait of a Justice Department prosecutor who stood watch on the university steps that day hangs in Holder 's personal office in a fifth-floor corner of the Justice Department headquarters named for Robert F. Kennedy . Holder and his supporters have eagerly embraced the RFK legacy as a comparison . "  When you look at his entire record , Eric Holder will have done more to expand justice in the United States than any attorney general since Bobby Kennedy , " says Matthew Miller , a former aide to Holder who remains close to the attorney general . It 's not the way his critics have portrayed him , particularly during some of the rocky periods of his tenure . For a time , he was involved in fights with Republicans and White House rivals over a variety of national security issues . And he survived a bruising battle with House Republicans over the "  Fast and Furious " gun trafficking controversy , including becoming the first sitting Cabinet member to be held in contempt of Congress . "  I 've had some days that have been better than others , " Holder told CNN in a November interview . But added that now , "  There 's the ability to focus on issues now that really matter to me . " Among those issues is working to change sentencing guidelines to give prosecutors more flexibility in certain non-violent criminal cases , pushing for rehabilitation instead of warehousing of prisoners , and getting rid of the disparity in the way the justice system deals with defendants charged in cocaine and crack cocaine crimes . Holder also recently made a public push for states to more quickly restore voting rights to felons after they 've completed their sentences and probation . He is joined in that effort by Sen. Rand Paul and other conservatives who 've similarly view it in line with their views on expanded individual rights . Rand Paul fights for felon voting rights Following Holder 's plea , Alabama 's Republican governor said he could support such an idea , and a modified proposal in Paul 's home state of Kentucky has begun moving through the legislature . But Holder 's moves to use administrative memos to make effective changes before Congress passes new laws have also generated criticism . Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey told CNN 's Jake Tapper in an August interview that "  I generally agree with the goal of getting rid of mandatory minimums . ... But the way to do that is to pass a law , not to say you 're going to disregard the law . " Sen. Charles Grassley similarly has criticized Holder and the Obama administration for taking action without waiting for Congress . But the department 's decision to not defend the federal ban on same-sex marriage has since become emulated in states , including Virginia and Oregon . Those moves could propel the issue back to the Supreme Court in the next two years . Holder 's most aggressive moves have come in recent weeks with an aggressive interpretation of last year 's Supreme Court ruling on same-sex marriage . After much internal debate , Holder decided the department would give full equal treatment to same-sex married couples , going so far as extending the right to refuse to provide incriminating testimony against a spouse , a bedrock right for married couples . Earlier this month , Holder basked in applause in a New York City hotel ballroom where he announced the department 's latest decision on same-same marriage legal rights . The Human Rights Campaign , which held the event , praised him , by saying the decision "  cements his place in history alongside Robert F. Kennedy , another attorney general who crusaded for civil rights . "	Attorney general aggressively pushing civil rights and social justice issues The move could help change his legacy as Obama 's top law enforcement official Same-sex marriage , sentencing guidelines , voting rights for felons are key issues
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Three people were killed Monday in Iraq in the latest attack targeting Christians , police in the city of Mosul said . In one attack , two Christian brothers were killed in Mosul when gunmen broke into their workplace in an industrial part of the city and shot them . The brothers were welders who owned the shop . On Monday evening , police found an elderly Christian woman strangled in her home in central Mosul . The attacks on Christians started October 31 in Baghdad have extended to the northern parts of the country , such as Mosul . Last week , a bomb attached to the vehicle of a Christian man detonated in eastern Mosul , killing him and his 6-year-old daughter , local police told CNN . The November 16 attack came one day after two Christian men in adjacent homes were killed after gunmen stormed their houses . Also on November 15 , a bomb detonated outside a Christian home . It caused damages but no injuries . Iraq 's Christian community , which numbered 1.4 million in 2003 , is estimated to have dwindled to 500,000 as many have left the country , the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom has said . The commission , a U.S. government agency that listed the numbers in its 2010 report , said Christian leaders are warning that this decline could signal "  the end of Christianity in Iraq . "	Attacks on Christians started October 31 in Baghdad and have spread north The latest victims include two brothers and an elderly woman Iraq 's Christian community is down to almost a third of what it once was
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Hoopla surrounding South by Southwest Interactive , the techie festival that wrapped up here Tuesday , has exploded in recent years . The event is famously known for helping to boost Twitter in 2007 and Foursquare three years later , giving it a rep as a launching pad for new digital tools . Fresh-faced startups converge on Austin , hoping to get venture capital and buzz . It 's one of the reasons attendance at SXSWi this week swelled to an all-time high of 30,621 , up some 25 % from last year . It also has created big expectations . One of the most commonly asked questions among attendees here is , "  What 's the coolest new thing you 've seen ? " "  That hype has been good for growth . But it 's also proved to be a double-edged sword , " said Hugh Forrest , director of the festival , in an interview here Tuesday . "  People expect something to launch here Friday and be as big as Facebook by Sunday . There are things here that may not hit the mainstream for a couple of years , because they 're not fully developed . " SXSW has gotten so big and diffuse that trends can be hard to quantify . But if you go to enough panels and talk to enough people , some themes start to emerge . Here are five takeaways from the past five days : Hardware , not software As digital tech went social and mobile , recent years at SXSWi have been all about social apps . Two years ago the buzzword was group messaging ; last year it was "  social discovery " apps such as Highlight , which let you know when people who share your interests are nearby . But this week , SXSW has been acting a little more like CES , the annual electronics gadget show . MakerBot , which makes desktop 3-D printers , made headlines by unveiling a device that scans small three-dimensional objects so they can be replicated in a printer . Also getting buzz was the tiny Memoto "  life blogging " camera , which clips to a shirt or jacket and snaps a picture every 30 seconds ; and the Leap Motion Controller , which plugs into a computer and lets users interact with the machine by waving their hand . "  We 've had a much more hardware and gadget focus than we 've had before , " said Forrest , who thinks the new wave of gadgets may catch on because of their simplicity of use . Much of the talk at SXSWi was about uses for a gadget that was n't even officially shown here : Google Glass , the Internet-connected eyewear that Google expects to roll out later this year . Yes , 3-D printing is a thing MakerBot was n't the only company in Austin that makes 3-D printers , which can produce objects from computer models by layering thin sheets of molten plastic . 3D Systems was here with their Cube home 3-D printer , which they marketed by having a man walk around Austin wearing it around his neck . Several SXSW panels also explored the promising future of 3-D printing , expected to be a hot tech trend in coming years . "  I think the 3-D printing stuff is still a little too complicated for most of us , " Forrest said . "  But the next generation of this technology will be simpler to use . That 's always the key here : The SXSW crowd is full of first adopters , but can your mom use it ? " Space , the next entrepreneurial frontier With the shuttering of NASA 's space shuttle program , many feared the exploration of outer space would wane with it . Instead , innovators have leaped into action , sometimes aiming even higher than government agencies have  at least publicly  dared . That enthusiasm was on ample display at South by Southwest this week . At least 15 panels focused on private space travel during the festival . Entrepreneurs proposed everything from a Mars fly-by that would launch in 2018 to building new , privately owned modules on the International Space Station . Someone even proposed a multibillion-dollar reality show following prospective astronauts training for a one-way mission to Mars . Elon Musk , the CEO of private company SpaceX , hosted one of the most popular keynotes of the week . He detailed his company 's recent mission to the International Space Station and showed a never-before-seen video of a reusable rocket designed to one day blast capsules into space and then safely land itself . He said he wants to see humans on Mars . In his lifetime . Preferably him . "  I would like to die on Mars , " he joked . "  Just not on impact . " Big , large , enormous data Stephen Wolfram , the scientist behind the data-driven Wolfram Alpha computational search engine , told a SXSW audience that "  In the modern world , everyone should learn data science , " or mining large databases for useful patterns of information . Nate Silver , The New York Times data guru who got a flood of press when he correctly predicted results in all 50 states during last fall 's presidential election , hosted a keynote in which he said data-crunching could have useful applications in the public sector , such as studying incarceration data to reform the prison system . Most government agencies collect reams of data but it gets ignored because of bureaucracy , said Silver . "  But we should understand that it 's hard to take this big data and turn it into progress , " he said , no doubt splashing cold water on the many startups seeking to scour databases , such as Twitter stats , for lucrative products . On the flip side , a Carnegie Mellon professor showed how combining online data with facial-recognition software could reveal a surprisingly detailed dossier on a person , including an educated guess about their Social Security number . More celebrities  human ones , too  ! When compared to its glitzier siblings , the SXSW film and music festivals , South by Southwest Interactive has until recently been low in celebrity wattage . Let 's face it , tech geeks do n't walk the red carpet much . But as more famous people embrace technology -- everyone wants to look smart -- SXSW is attracting bigger names with only tangential connections to the tech industry . This year 's event featured talks by MSNBC host Rachel Maddow , former vice president Al Gore , Newark , New Jersey , Mayor Cory Booker and hoops star Shaquille O'Neal . This trend is not an accident . "  There are a lot of people here , and it makes it easier  on us  if you can get someone like a Rachel Maddow who can fill a big room , " Forrest said . However , the biggest celebrity at SXSW 2013 was n't even part of the official programming : Viral Web star Grumpy Cat , who posed for photos in the Mashable House and drew lines of fans around the block . That just goes to prove : You can launch the cleverest app in the world , but cats still rule the Internet .	The South by Southwest Interactive festival wrapped up Tuesday after five days Festival director : "  We 've had a much more hardware and gadget focus than ... before " Other trends : 3-D printing , private spaceflight , mining big data Festival attendance swelled to an all-time high of 30,621 , up some 25 % from last year
CNN  -- Venus Williams claimed her first singles title in more than two years with a straight sets victory over Monica Niculescu of Romania Sunday to win the Luxembourg Open . The 32-year-old American has slipped down the rankings after battling SjÃ ¶ gren 's syndrome , an auto-immune disorder that causes fatigue and joint pain . But the seven-time Grand Slam champion put that behind her with a 6-2 6-3 scoreline in the final for her 44th career singles crown on the WTA Tour . Younger sister Serena tweeted : My eyes are watering up because I am so proud of my sister @Venuseswilliams so proud of you sis congrats on your tournament win ! I The pair had combined together in the London Olympics to win the women 's doubles gold for the third straight Games , with Venus showing signs she was returning to her best . A semifinal victory over rising young German player Andrea Petkovic confirmed her form and fitness in a two-hour 38 minutes battle Saturday and Niculescu proved an easier victim in the title match . She made a string of errors to lose in the Luxembourg final for the second straight year . Serena Williams is in the field for the WTA Championships in Istanbul next week , her first tournament since winning the U.S. Open title last month . Venus will go ahead to prepare for the 2013 season and the opening Grand Slam of the season in Australia . "  Coming to the tournament this week I was just trying to play well . I did n't know if I could win this event , so to stand here as the winner is a wonderful way for me to end the year , " she told the official WTA website . "  It really makes me look forward to next year as well . " Meanwhile , in the final of the Kremlin Cup in Moscow , former World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki beat top seed Samantha Stosur of Australia 6-3 4-6 7-5 in a grueling final . Dane Wozniacki was claiming her 20th career title but her first Premier Level event in 14 months which have seen her slip down the rankings . In the ATP event in Moscow , second seed Andreas Seppi of Italy came from a set down to beat fourth-ranked Thomaz Bellucci of Brazil to win the title . The 28-year-old Seppi prevailed 3-6 7-6 6-3 for his third career title and second of the year . Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro secured the Austrian Open title and kept up his bid to make the ATP Tour Finals with a 7-5 6-3 defeat of qualifier Grega Zemlja in the final . Del Potro has been out for a month with a wrist injury but the victory left him seventh in the points race with the top eight qualifying for London next month . Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic also looks set for the end of season finale after beating top seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France 4-6 6-4 6-4 in the final of the Stockholm Open . Berdych holds sixth place in the standings with Tsonga in the eighth and final spot .	Venus Williams wins Luxembourg Open title First singles title for 32 year-old American since 2010 She has battled a disorder which affects the auto-immune system Caroline Wozniacki takes Kremlin Cup in Moscow
Actress Ashley Judd and champion race car driver Dario Franchitti are ending their marriage after more than 11 years . A representative for the actress confirmed the news Tuesday . Best known for movies such as "  Double Jeopardy " and "  High Crimes , " the actress attended Franchitti 's races for years . She cheered from the sidelines , wearing floppy hats and cheery sun dresses . Shortly after the news broke , Judd tweeted that the pair will remain "  family forever " despite the divorce . "  Family forever , " Franchitti tweeted her back . His tweet was later deleted , but still appeared in a log on his website . The star has said she did not know much about cars , but that changed when she met Franchitti . Hours before the divorce was announced , Judd responded to a Twitter question about her favorite sports car . She said her taste in cars mirrors that of Franchitti . "  Especially the old Porsches and Ferraris , " she tweeted . "  He has taught me about the art or the automobile . " The pair got married in his native Scotland in 2001 . In addition to her movie roles , Judd served as a Tennessee delegate at the Democratic National Convention last year . Her attendance sparked speculation that she may be considering a Senate run in her home state of Kentucky . She also advocates for humanitarian causes , and has traveled to nations such as Cambodia and Rwanda as part of her mission . Franchitti is a three-time Indianapolis 500 winner .	The pair got married in his native Scotland in 2001 Franchitti is a three-time Indianapolis 500 winner Judd says the pair will always be "  family forever "
CNN  -- A grainy black and white photo of Trayvon Martin 's body and school records for George Zimmerman were among court documents that prosecutors in the controversial case said they mistakenly released Thursday . Special Prosecutor Angela Corey 's office later issued a statement asking reporters to "  please disregard and do not use the information contained in the initial e-mail . It was inadvertently attached . " The photo and records were among 76 documents released by Corey 's office Thursday . The state attorney 's office later sent reporters a redacted version of the court documents , which did not include the Martin photo or the Zimmerman school records . In June , Circuit Judge Kenneth R. Lester Jr. ruled that photographs of Martin 's body after the February 26 shooting would not be released to the public . Judge in Zimmerman case says he wo n't step aside Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , who was shot and killed while walking through Zimmerman 's Sanford , Florida , neighborhood in February . Zimmerman says he shot Martin in self-defense during a struggle , but prosecutors say he racially profiled the youth and ignored a 911 dispatcher 's advice not to follow him . In his six-page order sealing some court documents in June , Lester noted the media scrutiny of the case . "  News stories have been routinely disseminated presenting opinion and rumors as fact . Any person who has logged onto a news website in the last three months has at the least seen a headline relating to the case , " he wrote . "  As noted , common sense tells this court that the full disclosure of information , as sought by the media interveners , will irreparably harm the ... ability to receive a fair trial . " Zimmerman 's wife pleads not guilty on perjury charge Timeline of events in Trayvon Martin case	A photo of Trayvon Martin 's body is mistakenly released Released court documents also include George Zimmerman 's school records The prosecutor 's office asks the media not to use the information A judge had ordered that photos of Martin 's body should be sealed
CNN  -- Hotels have reached new heights of "  hos-pet-ality , " offering perks like gourmet treats , designer dog beds , scratching posts , chew toys and pet massage . But that level of pampering is n't essential to a great getaway for you or your pooch . Pick the right place to stay , select a few outdoor-table restaurants , choose some dog-friendly outings and there 's no reason Fido has to spend your next trip at the kennel . Whether you 're looking for over-the-top pup pampering or just ca n't envision a family vacation without including your clan 's four-legged friend , we 've got destination ideas for you . Outer Banks , North Carolina Let your Fido-friendly trip begin with a run on the sandy beaches of Corolla , home of wild ponies descended from Spanish Mustangs . Then head south to Nags Head to splurge on treats at Salty Paws , makers of all-natural , human-grade biscuits baked daily , where even pups on special diets can indulge on diabetic , low-fat and allergy-friendly varieties . Next it 's time to get your own treat fix at Fatboyz Ice Cream and Grill . Eat your burger followed by homemade ice cream at an outdoor table where your dog can join you . Settle in for the night at the "  coastal casual " Sandbar Bed & Breakfast , just 200 yards from the beach , where well-behaved , flea-treated dogs more than six months old are welcome in the Mermaid Room , a large guestroom with a private entrance . The Mermaid Room starts at $ 199/night , and the inn charges a $ 15 per-night pet fee . After a continental breakfast , explore Jockey 's Ridge State Park -- site of the tallest natural sand dunes on the East Coast -- which , in addition to hiking , ecology tours and hang-gliding , features a 400-foot-long boardwalk with a spectacular view of the towering dune ridgeline . Las Vegas , Nevada Though you ca n't bring Sparky onto the casino floor , there are plenty of dog-friendly locales in Vegas , from the high-end shops along the strip that will welcome your pocket poodle to restaurants like Sammy 's L.A. Pastrami & Burgers , lauded not only for their homemade lemonade , crispy fries , and "  mean " Philly cheesesteak , but also for the water and snacks they provide to four-footed patrons . Kick-start your day at It 's a Grind Coffee House , which welcomes your pooch inside and is right across from a dog park . Then venture to Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area , less than 30 minutes from the strip , with its unique Mojave Desert geologic features , plants and animals . The 13-mile scenic drive and more than 30 miles of hiking trails are Fido-friendly , but due to extreme temperatures , make sure to bring plenty of water . If you ca n't resist the glitz and the promise of the slots , drop off your pooch at PetSmart 's Doggie Day Camp . Your pup will enjoy hours of play with other carefully screened and vaccinated dogs while you rake in the gambling loot . Then reunite for a relaxing evening at the Westin Las Vegas Hotel , Casino and Spa where a pet bed , food bowl and mat are provided , as well as an official "  Dog in Room " sign . Rooms start at $ 99 , and the hotel charges a per-pet , per-stay fee of $ 35 , plus a refundable deposit of $ 150 . Half Moon Bay , California Dog-friendly activities abound in Half Moon Bay . You 're welcome to bring your pup on a Coastal Elegance Tours hike along the bay or to the lighthouse . And Half Moon Bay Kayak Company provides canine life jackets and double and triple kayaks so water-loving dogs can accompany their human companions on nature and wildlife paddles . Dine at Pasta Moon , where pooches chomp on homemade dog treats while two-footers sup on farm-fresh California-Italian cuisine . Then grab a nightcap in a comfy chair beside a fire pit and take in the ocean sunset at the Moss Beach Distillery 's Seal Cove Patio , which features a doggie menu of grilled hot dogs , mini burger patties and skirt steak . Ask the hostess to take your pooch 's photo for the annual contest and you might just win a prize . Many local hotels are pet friendly , but the Half Moon Bay Inn offers special accommodations for four-legged guests , including a dog bed , feeding dish and treats , as well as waste bags . Rooms start at $ 130 , and the inn charges per-stay fees of $ 25 for one pet or $ 35 for two . Lake Placid , New York Combining luxury with rustic Adirondack comfort , Lake Placid Lodge 's dog-friendly cabins feature lake and mountain views and large , wood-burning fireplaces where your pup is sure to enjoy lounging in a lodge-provided pet bed while snacking on homemade treats . The grounds include pet-friendly lakes and trails , and if staff is available you 're welcome to leave your pooch at the front desk while you enjoy dinner in the main lodge . Cabins start at $ 500 , and the lodge charges $ 75 per night for one dog , or $ 250 per night for two . While you 're out on the town , pick up some goodies at Jake Placid Doghouse , which offers premium treats , organic foods and unique toys and apparel . Then stop by the Bluesberry Bakery for some human treats like a spinach and feta croissant or the chocolate torte . Spot is welcome to join you at the outdoor table . To work off those snacks , head to Mirror Lake for a 2.7-mile walk around the lake , and if the weather 's right , take a dip at the dog-friendly sandy beach . Boston , Massachusetts The Freedom Trail offers a perfect way for your dog to participate in your family 's sightseeing adventures . Boston 's "  indoor/outdoor history museum " consists of a 2.5-mile , red-brick walking trail leading you to 16 sites significant to the history of the American Revolution . Take this self-guided tour at your own pace , and plan to take a pit stop in one of the Boston Common 's leash-free areas for dogs . Another Freedom Trail site , Faneuil Hall Marketplace , offers dog-friendly patio dining at a number of restaurants , weather permitting . And for accommodations , consider the Boston Harbor Hotel , which provides dog beds , food dishes and pet-walking services , as well as offering a $ 75 Luxe Pups Package including a wash , cut , blow dry and "  pet-i-cure " as well as a doggie gift bag . Rooms start at $ 285 , with no additional pet fees .	Explore North Carolina 's Outer Banks with your pooch In California , Moss Beach Distillery 's Seal Cove Patio offers a doggie menu Some hotels offer special amenities for pets ; ask about pet fees
LONDON , England -- A severe rabies epidemic has claimed the lives of at least 83 children within three months in Angola 's capital , Luanda , the World Health Organization  WHO  has said . Luanda , which has a large population of stray dogs , also has some of the world 's worst slums . Describing the situation as "  very worrying , " WHO rabies expert Francois Meslin told CNN : "  This is a huge number and could be the tip of the iceberg . " A doctor working at the country 's biggest referral hospital Hospital Pediatrico David Bernardino said staff were unable to save any of the children as rabies vaccines had run out . Some of the children were also brought into the hospital too late to be saved , Luis Bernardino , head of the hospital told UN humanitarian organization IRIN . He warned that the number of deaths could be much higher . "  The children were brought to our hospital and are the only ones we know of , so the number could be higher , " Bernardino told IRIN . "  It is a sad moment for us , " he added . "  I think it was probably that no one was prepared for such a high case load . " The number of cases has now started declining , however , said Bernardino . According to Meslin , this could be because the current infected pack of dogs has died . Meslin told CNN that the Angolan government needed to embark on a dog rabies control program urgently to prevent further outbreaks . Angola 's capital , where most of the population live in slums , has a large number of stray dogs who are said to have caused the epidemic . "  We have had some sporadic cases in other provincial capitals in the country ; we think the virus was brought into Luanda and then spread through the dogs -- Angolans love dogs , " Bernardino said . "  When the first 10 deaths were reported in December 2008 we alerted the authorities , but we do not have veterinary services in the city , no kennels -LSB- to keep and observe the animals -RSB- and vaccinate them , " he added . Another problem contributing to the crisis is that vaccines are too expensive for the average family . "  One dose of vaccine costs about $ 10 and five of those have to be administered , which makes the total cost of treatment $ 50 which is more than a month 's salary for families in most developing countries , " Meslin added . In 2008 the WHO wrote that rabies , a disease transmitted from animals with infected saliva to humans , is present on nearly every continent of the world but more that 95 per cent of human deaths occur in Asia and Africa . It can be prevented by vaccination , either prior to exposure or as part of post-exposure treatment . But once symptoms of the disease develop , rabies is fatal . According to the WHO , rabies can affect the lungs , stomach and central nervous systems . In the critical stage , a victim slips into a coma and death , usually due to breathing failure . More than 55,000 people die of rabies each year , the WHO wrote , with 30 to 60 per cent of the victims of dog bites being children under the age of 15 .	A severe rabies epidemic has killed at least 83 children in 3 months in Angola Francois Meslin , rabies expert at the WHO says this is cause for serious concern Once symptoms develop , rabies is always fatal , according to the WHO
CNN  On Tuesday President Barack Obama will visit Saudi Arabia to pay his respects to the family of the now-deceased King Abdullah and to his successor , King Salman . This is a smart move by Obama and his foreign policy team . After all , the world 's most absolute monarchy and the world 's most powerful democracy have long been allies because they are bound together not , of course , by common values , but by common interests : The ready flow of reasonably priced oil and , more recently , the need to fight jihadist terrorist groups . However , a number of significant tensions have arisen in the U.S.-Saudi relationship , which a presidential visit likely will help to smooth over . The U.S.-Saudi marriage of convenience was first initiated on February 14 , 1945 , on a U.S. warship as it cruised in the Suez Canal . It was on the deck of the USS Quincy where President Franklin Delano Roosevelt first met with Saudi King Abdul Aziz to discuss areas of common interest . In the seven decades since that meeting , the relationship has largely worked well for both countries . During most of that time , Saudi Arabia provided economic support by ensuring a steady supply of oil and political backing for such American moves as the effort to repel Saddam Hussein 's invasion of Kuwait and to seek a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . The relationship took a nosedive after the revelation that 15 of the 19 hijackers on 9/11 were Saudis . But oil has a wonderful way of soothing even the most troubled waters . Even though the United States is not as dependent on Saudi oil as many countries are , the Saudis can choose to raise or lower their oil production and those decisions have substantial effects on global oil prices . That 's because Saudi Arabia is the world 's largest oil producer and it has around a fifth of the world 's proven oil reserves . Today , as oil prices are tumbling to prices we have n't seen since the Great Recession of 2009 , the Saudis have not lowered their production of oil , which is a great boon to the U.S. economy , even as the Saudis take a real hit resulting from their lower oil revenues . Many suspect that an equally important motive for the Saudi move is to weaken its arch-nemesis Iran , also a major oil producer . Despite Saudi oil policies that benefit American economic interests , the Saudi-American alliance -- which was more like a melding of minds under the George W. Bush administration -- has in recent years frayed . The Saudis remain irritated that Obama did n't follow through on his "  red line " threat to take action against the Syrian regime of Bashar al Assad regime after it used chemical weapons on its population . Syria is an ally of Iran . The Saudis are also watching the continuing Iranian-American dialogue over Iran 's nuclear program with great concern . They believe that the United States will get played by the Iranians and will allow them to retain some kind of nuclear capacity suitable for making a nuclear weapon . The Saudis are also still angry that the Egyptian dictator Hosni Mubarak was abandoned by the Obama administration during the "  Arab Spring " of 2011 . How would Washington react if the Saudi monarchy faced its own serious internal opposition : Would it too be thrown overboard ? The Saudis have also long resented the largely uncritical embrace of Israel by both Republican and Democrat presidents . A common interest that overrides many of these differences is Syria , where both Washington and Riyadh are threatened by the rise of ISIS and also of al Qaeda 's affiliate there , the Nusra  "  Victory "  Front . As of early 2014 some 1,200 Saudis had traveled to Syria , of whom 220 had returned to the kingdom , according to a senior Saudi official . As a result , there was great concern in the kingdom about the potential "  blowback " problem posed by these militants with battlefield experience acquired in Syria . That 's why Saudi Arabia made it a crime in early 2014 for its citizens to travel to fight in overseas conflicts such as the Syrian war . That move coincided with the appointment of Prince Mohammed bin Nayef to head the powerful Saudi Ministry of the Interior . Nayef , who al Qaeda 's Yemeni affiliate tried to assassinate in 2009 , has been an implacable foe of jihadist groups in the Arabian Peninsula , which has made him a vital ally of the United States . In many ways the real news about King Abdullah 's death , which was long expected -- as was the appointment of King Salman and his brother Muqrin as crown prince -- was the appointment of the 55-year-old Nayef as deputy crown prince . This passes the torch of Saudi succession beyond the gerontocracy of King Abdullah 's brothers to a new generation . It also strongly signals that the Saudi royal family values the firm stand on jihadist terrorist groups that is favored by Nayef and by Washington . That 's why Saudi planes are now taking part in the U.S.-led coalition to bomb ISIS positions in Iraq and Syria . Saudi Arabia and the United States also have a strong interest in stabilizing the situation in Yemen . Houthi rebels have seized the Yemeni capital , Sanaa , and the largely pro-American government of President Hadi stepped down last week . Both the Saudis and the Americans regard the al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen as a real threat and they also are both watching with alarm as Houthi Shia rebels -- whom the Saudis view as stooges of Iran -- have taken over the Yemeni ministries that have played a key role in fighting al Qaeda . There will be much to discuss when the American President and his foreign policy team meet with the Saudi King and his advisers on Tuesday .	Obama to visit Riyadh to meet with King Salman , the new Saudi monarch Peter Bergen : It 's an opportune time for U.S. to repair frayed relations
CNN  -- The U.S Army has granted a member of a religious minority permission to keep his turban , beard and uncut hair while he serves in the military , the Pentagon and a group representing him said . Capt. Kamaljit Singh Kalsi , a doctor , is a Sikh , a faith that calls on its adherents not to shave or cut their hair . Kalsi filed a request in the spring for an accommodation to follow the principles of his religion . This month the Army granted his request , the Sikh Coalition told CNN . The Pentagon public affairs office later confirmed that Kalsi would be allowed to keep his turban , beard and uncut hair . The civil rights group hailed the move as "  a major step toward ending a 23-year-old policy that excludes Sikhs from service . " Kalsi said he was "  overjoyed . " "  Like the many Sikhs who fought before me , I know I will serve America with honor and excellence , " he said in a written statement . But the Sikh Coalition provided what it said was a copy of the letter from the Army . Maj. Gen. Gina Farrisee said in the letter that Kalsi 's "  beard , uncut hair , and turban will be neat and well maintained at all times . " She said her ruling applies only to Kalsi 's case , and is not a change of Army policy . "  This accommodation is based solely on the facts and circumstances of your case , " the letter said . "  This accommodation does not constitute a blanket accommodation for any other individual . " She said the exception could be revoked "  due to changed conditions . " Her letter was dated October 22 and released by the Sikh Coalition the next day . Kalsi is not the only Sikh asking permission to keep his hair , beard and turban while serving in the Army . Capt. Tejdeep Singh Rattan , a dentist , applied at the same time as Kalsi . His case has been deferred until he receives the results of his dental board examinations , the Sikh Coalition told CNN . Both were scheduled to report for active duty in July . The Sikh Coalition said Kalsi and Rattan had been assured when they were recruited to join the Army 's Health Professions Scholarship that their unshorn hair and turbans "  would not be a problem . " "  Both are concluding their training and are slated to begin active duty in July 2009 . However , the U.S. Army is now disputing their ability to serve with their Sikh identity intact , " the Sikh Coalition said in an April 14 letter addressed to Defense Secretary Robert Gates . "  It does n't make sense to me , especially in these hard times , " Kalsi told CNN at the time . "  The military is hurting for professionals . They need doctors , they need nurses . " Amardeep Singh , the head of the Sikh Coalition , told CNN in the spring that the issue affects observant Sikhs , not those Sikh-Americans who entered the military after removing their turbans and shaving their beards and hair . The issue is important for the roughly 500,000-strong American Sikh community , Singh said . Sikhs faced hostility after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , when people associated them with al Qaeda terrorists because their turbans and beards resembled the militants ' appearance . The Sikh religion was founded in India . "  The perception is still there , " Singh said . "  We 're sort of still feeling it . " He said surveys chronicle the problems Sikhs face . Among them is one conducted in the Queens borough of New York City recently in which children reported being on the receiving end of verbal and physical abuse , he said . "  These kids are being harassed in New York . It 's Queens , the most diverse county in the United States . If this is happening in Queens , it 's happening in other parts of the country . " So , he said , the opportunity to serve in the U.S. Army sends the opposite message -- "  that we are part and parcel of the fabric of this country . " CNN 's Joe Sterling in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Capt. Kamaljit Singh Kalsi is a doctor in the U.S. Army , practicing Sikh Army has granted his request for an accommodation to follow the principles of his religion Sikh Coalition has letter saying ruling applies only to Kalsi 's , not a change of Army policy
WIRED  -- More and more schools are jumping on the digital bandwagon and adopting iPads for daily use in the classroom . Apple 's education-related announcements last week will no doubt bolster the trend , making faculty tools and student textbooks more engaging and accessible . But today another data point emerged , demonstrating that the iPad can be a valuable asset in education . In a partnership with Apple , textbook publishers Houghton Mifflin Harcourt performed a pilot study using an iPad text for Algebra 1 courses , and found that 20 % more students  78 % compared to 59 %  scored ` Proficient ' or ` Advanced ' in subject comprehension when using tablets rather than paper textbook counterparts . The study was conducted at a Riverside , California , middle school from Spring 2010 to Spring 2011 using HMH 's Fuse : Algebra I app . Similar pilot courses and iPad programs have cropped up all over the country , primarily in private and boarding schools , and select universities . In the public school sector , more than 600 school districts have adopted a 1:1 iPad program . The iPad seems to help students better connect with the content at hand . "  Students ' interaction with the device was more personal . You could tell students were more engaged , " said Coleman Kells , principal of Amelia Earhart Middle School . "  Using the iPad was more normal , more understandable for them . " Tablets could be less daunting to students , too . Marita Scarfi , CEO of digital-focused marketing agency Organic , says that moving textbooks to mobile devices will reinvent learning . "  Now you do n't know if a book is super huge and formidable , " Scarfi says . "  Learning can be done in snackable chunks . It could be reoriented . " Another study centered on an iPad game , Motion Math , has shown that the iPad can help with fundamental math skills . Fifth graders who regularly played the game for 20 minutes per day over a five-day period increased their test scores by 15 % on average  you can check out more about this study on Wired 's GeekDad  . Digital textbooks have n't enjoyed the same success as app-based learning tools thus far , however . E-textbooks have been a transitional product , Forrester analyst Sarah Rotman Epps wrote in a November 2011 report . They make up less than 3 percent of textbook sales , and do n't offer much over their paperbound counterparts . Apple 's new and updated products -- iTunes U  an app-based hub for virtual classrooma  , as well as iBooks 2 , the iBookstore and iBooks Author -- should help provide solutions for educators looking to provide more engaging experiences than plain , old PDFs , all without the heavy investments required of building apps from scratch . "  With iBooks , learning will be a lot more experiential , " Scarfi told Wired in an e-mail . iBooks also have the potential to ease some of the financial burden of schools , as ebooks could save on textbook costs . "  Other benefits include more timely and relevant content , and the ability for students to interact and share this content with ease . Textbooks will now become social in a variety of ways . " However , even if e-book prices themselves wo n't break the bank , iPads are still a $ 500-plus investment per tablet . Funding is still a problem , particularly for public schools . Luckily , there are sites like DonorsChoose.org that can help offload the costs from teachers and school districts . And a program called SA500 Kids is helping to accelerate funding for technology resource requests on the site . Thus far , iPad requests have been fairly low : SA500 Kids has funded 24 iPad-based project requests since Nov. 25 . Currently there are 418 iPad-related requests on DonorsChoose , out of the 20,000 projects listed on the site . When the next iPad debuts , if Apple goes with a similar pricing scheme as it has with the iPhone -- as rumored -- then schools will be able to pick up iPads on the cheap and really be able to utilize the company 's new education related products . But regardless , it looks like the iPad is starting to do an impressive job of improving the education space . And now that publishers and instructors have these iBooks tools at their disposal , students can continue to reap the benefits of increased understanding and greater participation . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Pilot study done by textbook publishers Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and Apple Middle school students studied from 2010 to 2011 using HMH 's Fuse : Algebra I app During study , iPad seemed to help students better connect with the content
CNN  -- He has been in a medically induced coma for over a month , but former Formula 1 world champion Michael Schumacher 's sedation is being reduced to start the "  waking up process , " his agent said Thursday . Schumacher suffered severe head trauma in a skiing accident at the French Alps resort of Meribel on December 29 . The announcement marks a key change to Schumacher 's condition , which has been routinely described as "  stable " by agent Sabine Kehm in recent weeks . "  Michael 's sedation is being reduced in order to allow the start of the waking up process which may take a long time , " she said in a statement on Thursday . "  For the protection of the family , it was originally agreed by the interested parties to communicate this information only once this process was consolidated . "  Please note that no further updates will be given . " Kehm went on to repeat previous requests for the media to respect the privacy of Schumacher 's family . "  The family of Michael Schumacher is again requesting to respect its privacy and the medical secret , and to not disturb the doctors treating Michael in their work . At the same time , the family wishes to express sincere appreciation for the worldwide sympathy . " A seven-time world champion whose F1 career ended in 2012 , Schumacher has been treated in Grenoble since his accident . Neurosurgeons there operated twice to remove blood clots on the brain and reduce swelling , the reason he has been kept asleep since the surgery . The German has been inundated with support from around the world during his stay , with his former stable Mercedes running the message "  Keep Fighting Michael " on its silver livery when they revealed their new car for testing on Monday . The Ferrari team , who Schumacher raced for between 1996 and 2006 , also showed their support for their five-time world champion this week in the Spanish city Jerez , where teams are conducting winter testing ahead of the new F1 season . On the eve of the first day of testing , the team 's crew posed with a pit board showing the message "  Forza Michael " while the new F14-T scarlet racer made its track debut with the same words of encouragement . On Tuesday , the team published a note from Niki Lauda , who won two world championships for Ferrari in the 1970s , which read : "  Michael , every day I follow your improvements and every day I am close to you . I hope I can speak to you very , very soon ! " Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso told CNN that F1 was "  still in shock " over Schumacher 's accident and condition . "  The day that I received the news I could not believe it to be honest , " Alonso , who was speaking in Madrid on Wednesday at an exhibition that charts the course of the driver 's career . "  He was the man that can beat anything and can win any race and can do anything without any worries , so to see him and to see the accident ... "  We 're all hoping every day to have some good news coming from the hospital , " added Alonso . In early January , a French prosecutor investigating the accident said that speed was not a reason for Schumacher 's fall . His investigative team believe the experienced skier hit a rock hidden beneath the snow , while traversing an area between two marked pistes , which catapulted him face first onto another rock . Schumacher ended up 9 meters  30 feet  from the edge of the piste , said prosecutor Patrick Quincy . Footage filmed on a small camera attached to Schumacher 's helmet has been used to help the investigators ' analysis .	Doctors reduce Michael Schumacher 's sedation to start ` waking up process ' Former F1 world champion has been in a medically-induced coma for a month 45-year-old suffered a severe head injury when skiing in France in late December
EW.com  -- Disappointing news for fans of "  All My Children , " which was supposed to earn a second lease on life next year when it was supposed to resurface via The Online Network in January . The company that bought it from ABC may hold off premiering it for at least a few months and focus on getting "  One Life to Live " back to fans , instead , according to Variety . Prospect Park , a media and production company founded in 2009 by Jeffrey Kwatinetz and former Disney Studios head Rich Frank , bought "  AMC " and "  OLTL " last July after ABC canceled them .  "  AMC " ended in September ; "  OLTL " goes away in January  . The hope was to bow new installments of "  AMC " online starting in January , but that was before Prospect started having a tough time securing stars from the longtime serial  here 's looking at you , Susan Lucci !  . So far , only Cameron Mathison  Ryan Lavery  and Lindsay Hartley  Dr. Cara Castillo Martin  have agreed to continue with "  AMC " once it goes online . In contrast , "  OLTL " 's Erika Slezak  Victoria Lord  , along with Ted King  Tomas Delgado  , Michael Easton  John McBain  and Kassie DePaiva  Blair Cramer  , among others , will stay in the fictitious town of Llanview for Prospect 's new venture . Along with the soaps , The Online Network is supposed to feature entertainment and lifestyle shows . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The company that bought "  All My Children " from ABC may hold off premiering it It will focus on getting "  One Life to Live " back to fans The Online Network is supposed to feature entertainment and lifestyle shows
Despite concluding there was no foul play in the death of a Georgia teen nearly two years ago , a sheriff 's office conducted additional interviews on the case as recently as this month . The parents of Kendrick Johnson , who was found dead inside a rolled-up gym mat at his school in Valdosta , Georgia , have been unwavering in their belief that their son was murdered , even after the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office ruled the death accidental and closed the case 18 months ago . The details of the recent interviews , conducted by the sheriff 's office between November 24 and December 15 , were provided to CNN in response to a public records request . The sheriff 's office interviewed about two dozen current and former Lowndes High School students who were on the school 's wrestling team on January 10 , 2013 , the day Johnson disappeared . His body was found the next day . The additional interviews appear to be related to a video released by attorneys for Johnson 's family that challenged the whereabouts of one particular former student who was on the wrestling team . According to investigative records , the former student confronted Johnson and told him "  it ai n't over " regarding a confrontation Johnson had with the former student 's younger brother . CNN is not naming the former student because he has not been called a suspect or been charged with a crime . The former student would have been at a wrestling match in another city at the time Johnson is believed to have died , but lawyers say the bus did not leave Lowndes High School until after Johnson 's death . An attorney for the sheriff 's office confirmed the recent interviews , but did not respond to a question about whether the case has been reopened . "  The Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office initiated the interviews of the Lowndes High School wrestling team coach , the bus driver and wrestling team members in response to claims made known to the sheriff 's office that the wrestling team was still on the school 's campus when Kendrick Johnson was last known to have been alive , " according to a statement provided by the department 's attorney . "  Investigators have tried unsuccessfully to contact some wrestling team members and will continue to attempt to reach those team members . " The statement added that the interviews so far have not changed the facts believed by the sheriff 's office . "  The information gathered thus far indicates that the bus carrying the wrestling team had left the school 's campus prior to the time that Kendrick Johnson was last known to have been alive , " it said . Several of those interviewed said the former student was on a school bus en route to a state tournament in Macon , Georgia , the day Johnson disappeared . Others could not say for sure . However , there are inconsistent accounts about when the bus left the school . Some of the current and former students told investigators the team left campus before 10 a.m. . Other students said the team left just before noon . The bus driver told investigators the team left at 12:30 p.m. , according to incident reports . According to a school bus schedule provided to CNN by an attorney for the school , the bus left for the tournament at 4 p.m. , hours after Johnson was last seen alive around 1:30 p.m. . The wrestling coach told investigators the school bus schedule was inaccurate , as it reflected a request made by him at the beginning of the wrestling season , and not the time the bus left on the actual day of the wrestling meet . Analysis of the coach 's cell phone bill showed the last call that accessed a tower in the Valdosta area that day occurred at 11:28 a.m. . At 1:53 p.m. , the phone accessed a tower in Cordele , Georgia , nearly 90 miles outside of Valdosta . An employee at Candlewood Suites in Macon told investigators the coach checked in for the team at 4 p.m. , according to incident reports . One student told investigators that the weigh-in for the team began at 4 p.m. , according incident reports . According to a document included in the investigative file , the former student participated in the weigh-in on January 10 , but when that weigh-in occurred is not indicated . Previously released documents showed that the former student and his brother were advised by their attorney in 2013 not to speak to investigators or provide them any statements . In August , the brothers ' parents filed a $ 5 million libel lawsuit in federal court against the publishers of Ebony magazine and writer Frederic Rosen . The suit claims stories written by Rosen and published in Ebony magazine and on Ebony.com imply that the brothers played a part in Johnson 's death and their father was involved in a conspiracy to cover it up . The claim that the brothers played any part in the death "  is completely untrue , " according to the lawsuit . The interviews come more than 18 months after Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office closed its investigation into Johnson 's death . Sheriff 's office investigators concluded Johnson got stuck while reaching for a shoe at the center of the rolled mat . The state medical examiner determined Johnson died as the result of accidental "  positional asphyxia . " Johnson 's parents , Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson , believe the story about the shoe is a cover-up and that their son was murdered . A forensic pathologist hired by Johnson 's family later found evidence of "  unexplained , apparent nonaccidental blunt force trauma " to the neck . He concluded Johnson 's death was the result of a homicide . A federal investigation into Johnson 's death , launched more than a year ago , continues . The Department of Justice has taken possession of the gym mat where Johnson 's body was found , according to the records released by the sheriff 's office to CNN . Last month , the approximately 6-foot gym mat was rolled in brown paper and loaded into a vehicle driven by Assistant U.S. Attorney Deborah Sines and U.S. Attorney 's Office Criminal Investigator Nelson Rhone Jr. , according to the documents . Federal authorities also reviewed evidence being stored as part of the case and were given copies of three discs with audio recordings of calls for service made the day Johnson 's body was found and two discs with video surveillance .	Records : Sheriff 's investigators did work this month on Kendrick Johnson death case Sheriff 's office said it closed the case 18 months ago Johnson was found dead inside a rolled-up gym mat Investigators found it to be accidental ; the Johnson family believes it was a homicide
CNN  -- Readers reacted strongly to a Monday op-ed on CNN.com about Jovan Belcher , the Kansas City Chiefs football player who murdered his girlfriend and then committed suicide . The piece was written by Kevin Powell , an activist , public speaker , and writer , and discussed how the tragedy related to depression and what Powell called "  very warped definitions of manhood . " It stirred a lot of conversation , including over 1,500 comments and numerous tweets . Here , Powell addresses some of the readers ' reactions that he has already received . As men , we must begin to think about manhood in a very different kind of way . I 've gotten two distinct responses to my article so far . The first batch is from men who agree that we 've got to go in a different direction -- it 's unhealthy to squash our true feelings about issues and to never talk . Some men actually admitted to me in very personal and private e-mails that they are hurting right this very minute . Then there were the angry messages from very angry men , accusing me of being anti-men , of male-bashing , of being on the side of women , of not being willing to let a man be a man . Well , my personal definition of manhood is that it should be rooted in self-love and respect for all people , including women . We should view women and girls as the equals of men and boys . And the foundation of manhood needs to be about peace and nonviolence and communication , not anger , hatred , violence and ugliness . chippy1 comments : If he was just a blue collar worker with access to a gun , killed his girlfriend then himself , this story would be back with the comics . Since he was a "  great " football player the whole planet goes into a tailspin , just making his victim a footnote . This demonstrates the American attitude towards its "  idols , " and the American persona , the more violent and bloody and scandal prone , the better . Kasandra Perkins is the victim 's name . Let us always say the names of women who are the victims of violence . I would also add it does not matter whether the man is famous , a professional athlete , or someone nobody has ever heard of . Violence against women is unacceptable . However , when it involves a high-profile individual like Belcher , perhaps the tragedy can be a teachable moment so that more people will pay attention to domestic violence . Otherwise Kasandra Perkins ' death will truly be in vain . Mattias Von Bismark comments : I thank you for this comment . It 's a hard thing to say . It subjects you to this slander that you are , somehow , supporting the murder of that poor woman . It takes true courage and strength of character to stand up and say , "  Yes , what this man did was awful , but there was something at the root of this tragedy which was unaddressed . If this man had received help , his life and the life of the poor woman would have been saved . " Those who have never dealt with mental illness need to keep silent on this subject . As we have seen above , they have nothing helpful to add , and denigrate the serious discussion we should all be having . Mattias , I agree with you . Sadly , many of us do not want to deal with contexts for behaviors or situations . We are quick to name-call and judge and write someone off . The fact is that violence is normal in our country . One-fourth of American women have experienced some form of violence at the hands of men . I always challenge men to talk with their mothers , grandmothers , sisters , aunties , female cousins , or their wives or girlfriends , and they would be surprised to find out how many women have been assaulted in some way at some point in their lives . Just read your local papers , the crime reports , and note the number of attacks on women . Dissing Jovan Belcher may make you feel good in the short term . But it does nothing to stop this kind of violence . Dana , I understand completely your feelings . Do I condemn violence ? Absolutely . But am I in position to determine who is going to heaven or hell ? No . I am Christian . I just think we 've got to be careful of passing judgment on anyone at any given time . Kyle Jarvis Chan Wu comments : I get the idea that you are actually sticking up for someone who murdered his wife . He shot her . That is a fact . I do n't need to stand in the shoes of someone who would act violently against a woman . There is a difference between someone who takes their own life to depression and someone who goes on a killing spree ending with their own life . One person needs help , the other person does n't deserve a marker on their grave . Kyle , that is absolutely untrue . I do not condone violence , and I hope for peace and love toward all . But as someone who has overcome personal challenges in grappling with violence and anger , I know that there are some serious issues around manhood and mental illness that we are not fully addressing as a nation . We need to start talking about how to help those in need . Desiree , that is why we must not forget Kasandra Perkins , Jovan Belcher 's girlfriend . I 'm not a woman but I can certainly empathize with what women and girls deal with every single day of their lives . I can only imagine . Sexism is alive and well , and the fact that Ms. Parker 's name is barely mentioned in most media outlets means that there 's a lot of work we need to do to change this situation . AB comments : the entire story is horribly sad , BUT why was there a moment of silence for him ? he murdered his child 's mother , and then , killed himself , leaving a baby with no mother or father . ... He murdered someone and you are giving him a moment of silence ? If that was my daughter , it would make me more than angry if you gave her murderer this . . everyone is saying he was a great guy , well this great guy , did a horrendous crime . That is incorrect . There was actually a moment of silence by the Kansas City Chiefs for victims of domestic violence , as it should have been . My hope is that the National Football League , as well as other sports leagues , will take the same kind of very visible stance on domestic violence as it has on breast cancer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Powell .	A CNN.com op-ed by Kevin Powell about Jovan Belcher generated a lot of reactions On Tuesday , Powell will do a live chat on Twitter from 12:30 to 1 p.m. ET on @CNNOpinion Powell addresses some of the reader reactions about violence , manhood and depression What do you think of Belcher 's murder and suicide ? Join @CNNOpinion for live chat
CNN  Gaze across the painted portraits adorning the walls of India 's biggest bank , and you 'll find row after row of men -- with one exception . Arundhati Bhattacharya is the first woman to head the State Bank of India in its 208-year-history , and she 's shaking up the rules on maternity leave like never before . In Bhattacharya 's workplace , employees are allowed to take sabbaticals for two years -- a huge relief for many women who fear they 'll be penalized for taking time out to care for family . "  In India , women are still the primary caregivers . Whether it be for children , whether it be for old people or sick people , you are the primary caregiver . No matter what position you are in , " said 58-year-old Bhattacharya , who in 2013 also became the youngest person to be appointed chairman of the company . "  We have allowed a special sabbatical of two years , which people can take three times in their career , usually for reasons of child-rearing or looking after sick people . " It 's a bold move for most western workplaces -- let alone in India , a country known for its patriarchal nature . But the 36th most powerful woman in the world according to Forbes , is n't a person held back by tradition . Here , Bhattacharya opens up about running a company that controls a whopping fifth of India 's bank assets . On rising to challenges : "  If you are really challenged , and if you are willing to take the plunge , very often some of the path opens up in front of you . " On India 's patriarchal society : "  I still see a lot of recruitment of women . But I think we need to do more in order to get them to stay . There are still too few people staying put for them to have a good shot at the top jobs . " On two-year sabbaticals : "  A large number of women who have taken time off have actually come and thanked me because they said : ` You know , this feeling of guilt is terrible , ' So if they 're able to take off then they stop feeling guilty . " On the mentor who encouraged her to stay : "  His name is Mr. M.S Verma and he really told me that : ` You 've worked long and hard , you are just about beginning to reap the awards , and you will not give up and you will try your best . ' "  Only when you find for sure that nothing is working , then you should start having these thoughts . Not now . " Watch : Five things you did n't know about Christine Lagarde Insight : Can failing be good for your career ?	Meet the first woman to head India State Bank in 208 years Bringing in groundbreaking rules on two-year sabbaticals Women workers say they no longer feel guilty about time off
