Movie mogul Michael Bay has grappled with giant robots , rogue meteors and attacks on Pearl Harbor but one thing has defeated him : A presentation for a new TV at the world 's top gadget trade show . Bay has described getting stage fright at the Consumer Electronics Show , walking away after a teleprompter failed . In a blog post on his website , the director -- whose films include the "  Transformers " series -- wrote : "  Wow ! I just embarrassed myself at CES ... " Bay had been lending his name to Samsung 's new 105-inch curved UHD television , unveiled at the five-day CES tech conference in Las Vegas . "  My job , as a director , is I get to dream for a living , " he began , describing Hollywood as a place that "  creates a viewer escape . " Bay continued : "  And what I try to do is I ... uhhh , the type is all off -- sorry , but I 'll just wing this . " With prompting from Samsung Executive Vice President Joe Stinziano , he went on : "  We 'll wing it right now . I try to take people on an emotional ride and ... " When Stinziano asked how the product would impact Bay 's work , the director exited the stage , apologizing . ` Zombie ' attacks Michael Bay on ` Transformers 4 ' set In his blog , Bay said he had been too eager to speak . "  I just got so excited to talk , that I skipped over the Exec VP 's intro line and then the teleprompter got lost . "  Then the prompter went up and down -- then I walked off . I guess live shows are n't my thing . " Comments posted below Bay 's message ranged from support and praise to criticism of his reliance on a teleprompter . A brand new  Michael  Bay Users of the social media network Twitter also weighed in . The Funny or Die account wrote : "  Michael Bay stormed off stage at CES after his teleprompter broke . No script , big explosion & a disappointed audience . Dude 's still got it ! " But filmmaker Zak Bagans wrote : "  Leave Michael Bay alone , some of the most talented and creative ppl in the world suffer from anxiety and stage-fright . " Samsung 's media release announcing the new curved television did n't mention Bay . Read more : Richard Quest ' I hate public speaking ' Read more : Six crazy technologies at CES Read more : Samsung to report profit decline	Film director Michael Bay is behind movies including the "  Transformers " series He was on stage to help promote Samsung 's new curved TV at the CES show The five-day conference in Las Vegas is the world 's top tech gadget show Bay appeared to get stage fright , apologizing and walking off , blaming the teleprompter
Washington  CNN  -- They have become staples of many cable and broadcast television stations : high-speed , often dangerous police pursuits of fleeing motorists , videotaped and packaged into such shows as "  World 's Wildest Police Chases . " In an appeal that came to the Supreme Court , the issue was : When do such incidents cross over into the realm of "  violent felonies " that could lead to increased jail time ? The justices , by a 6-3 vote Thursday , dismissed an appeal from an Indiana man who received an enhanced federal sentence because of prior serious offenses , one of which was for trying to escape in a vehicle . Justice Anthony Kennedy said that while the federal law in question does not specifically mention dangerous car chases , they clearly are the kind of crime that deserves to be treated more seriously . "  Risk of violence is inherent to vehicle flight , " Kennedy said . "  It is well known that when offenders use motor vehicles as their means of escape they create serious potential risks of physical injury to others . Flight from a law enforcement officer invites , even demands , pursuit . " Marcus Sykes had pleaded guilty to felony possession of a firearm , a federal offense . He had attempted to rob two people at gunpoint , according to court records . He also had at least three prior felonies on his record , including an armed robbery . It was the third felony that concerned the high court . Indiana 's "  resisting law enforcement " law provides various criteria , depending on the circumstances , for those who flee officers . Sykes had at one time used a vehicle to escape after an officer had ordered him to stop , which is a felony under state law . Officers had noticed Sykes driving without headlights , and when police flashed their emergency sirens , the suspect took off and a chase ensued . Prosecutors said Sykes drove on the wrong side of the road and through yards with residents nearby , then rammed a fence and finally crashed into a house . He fled on foot and was eventually captured , thanks to a police dog in pursuit . Under the federal Armed Criminal , Career Criminal Act , Sykes received a mandatory minimum 15-year prison term for the gun possession charge , enhanced because of his past criminal record . The law was designed to get tough with habitual felons through longer sentences . Sykes appealed , admitting he fled police and that it was a felony , but he argued it was not violent " The federal law labels as violent felonies such offenses such as burglary , arson or extortion , or where there is "  conduct that presents a serious potential risk of physical injury to another . " Kennedy said the "  serious potential risk " standard applies to Sykes ' driving behavior , since he repeatedly refused to pull over and submit to custody . "  As that pursuit continues , the risk of an accident accumulates , " Kennedy wrote . "  And having chosen to flee , and thereby commit a crime , the perpetrator has all the more reason to avoid capture . " This is the fourth time in the past four years the high court has tried to clarify the meaning of "  violent felony " under the so-called residual clauses of the federal law . In a typically sharp dissent , Justice Antonin Scalia said the law , like the majority 's efforts to interpret its boundaries , is ultimately a failure . "  Today 's opinion will sow further confusion , " he wrote . "  Insanity , it has been said , is doing the same thing over and over again but expecting different results . Four times is enough " in trying to clarify what are violent felonies under the career-criminal law . He said the statute should be declared "  void for vagueness . " Justice Elena Kagan also dissented , but for far different reasons . She said that under the state 's own guidelines , Sykes ' conduct was clear : there was no aggravated vehicular flight . "  Because petitioner Marcus Sykes was convicted only of simple vehicular flight , and not of any flight offense involving aggressive or dangerous activity , I would find he did not commit a ` violent felony ' " under the federal law . Supported by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Kagan said states properly distinguish among various types of efforts to escape police , and that the high court should have relied on those state standards to make its ruling , rather than trying to parse the federal law 's definition of "  violent " felony , which does not specifically include vehicular flight . Kennedy in his ruling cited a study by the International Association of Chiefs of Police showing that at least 7,737 police chases were reported nationwide from 2001 through 2007 . Those pursuits resulted in 313 injuries to police and bystanders , or a rate of about 4-in-100 . There was no indication whether the pursuit of Sykes was videotaped by a police dashboard camera , and if so , whether that visual record was used against him in the trial or subsequent appeals . The case was Sykes v. United States  09-11311  .	"  Risk of violence is inherent to vehicle flight , " Justice Anthony Kennedy says The court rejects the argument that a car chase should n't lead to a stricter sentence Justice Scalia dissents , saying the law should be declared "  void for vagueness ' Justices Kagan and Ginsburg , in a separate dissent , argue there was no violent felony
Tribune Media Services  -- A century and a half ago , Athens was a humble , forgotten city of about 8,000 people . Today , one out of every three Greeks packs into this city of about 4 million . To avoid the Parthenon crowds , go in the early evening when the marble turns golden as the sun sets . Athens has been famous for its sprawl , noise and pollution . My advice has long been to see the big sights , then get out . But visiting it recently to research a new guidebook , I 've seen a dramatic change . The city has made a concerted effort to curb pollution , clean up and pedestrianize the streets , spiff up the museums , build a new airport and invest in one of Europe 's better public-transit systems . Even with its new look , the Greek capital still has its "  big three " sights : the stunning Acropolis , the Ancient Agora just below and the remarkable National Archaeological Museum . But coming in June is the opening of a fourth big sight -- one that will stoke a battle over Greece losing her marbles more than 200 years ago  more on that later  . To many , the most important ancient site in the Western world is the Acropolis , rising gleaming like a beacon above the gray concrete drudgery of modern Athens . This is where the Greeks built the mighty Parthenon -- the most famous temple on the planet , and an enduring symbol of ancient Athens ' glorious Golden Age from nearly 2,500 years ago . The major monuments of the Acropolis survive in remarkably good condition . While the Persians , Ottomans , and British were cruel to the site in the past , the greatest dangers it faces now are acid rain and pollution . Ongoing restoration means that you might see some scaffolding -- but even that ca n't take away from its greatness . I like to come late in the day , as the sun goes down , when the white Parthenon stone gleams a creamy golden brown . While the Acropolis was the city 's ceremonial showpiece , it was the Ancient Agora that was the real heart of classical Athens . For some 800 years , it was the hub of all commercial , political , and social life and home to many of the city 's religious rites . Little survives in the Agora from the classical period . Other than one very well-preserved temple and a rebuilt portico , it 's a field of humble ruins nestled in the shadow of the Acropolis . But that makes it a quiet , uncrowded spot to wander and get a feel for the ancients . Romantics ca n't help but get goose bumps as they kick around the same pebbles that once stuck in Socrates ' sandals , with the floodlit Parthenon forever floating ethereally overhead . North of the city center is the world 's best collection of ancient Greek art , the National Archaeological Museum . It takes you from 7000 B.C. to A.D. 500 on a beautifully displayed and well-described sweep through Greek history , from prehistoric and Mycenaean artifacts through the evolution of classical Greek statuary . This museum now has a worthy competitor -- the New Acropolis Museum , slated to open in June . It 's a world-class space , custom-built to showcase the Parthenon sculptures , along with truckloads of other artifacts , all complemented by modern exhibits . And the state-of-the-art building itself is worth a look , as the boldest symbol yet of the post-Olympics vision for Athens . The new museum also serves as a sort of 21st-century Trojan horse , intended to lure the famous Elgin Marbles  the Parthenon sculptures  away from London 's British Museum . In the early 19th century , the British ambassador to the Ottomans , Lord Elgin , got permission to strip marble panels from the Parthenon and take them to England . For years , the Greeks have asked for the marbles back , and for years , the Brits have responded with claims that Greece ca n't give them a suitable home . And yet , now that this state-of-the-art facility is ready and waiting , it still seems unlikely that the marbles will be returned anytime soon . Britain is reluctant to give in , for fear of setting a precedent ... and getting "  me , too " notices from Italy , Egypt , Iran , Iraq and all the other nations who 'd like the missing pieces of their cultural heritage back . But even without the Elgin Marbles , this new museum will be worth the wait , capturing the timeless splendor of ancient Athens in an ultra-modern building . Athens is more than a showcase for its past . Take some time to smell the souvlaki , whether by wandering through the touristy Plaka district , browsing through the Monastiraki flea market , or exploring the Psyrri neighborhood , the cutting-edge place to go for nightlife and dining . The narrow winding streets can be confusing , but you ca n't get too lost with a monument the size of the Acropolis looming overhead to keep you oriented . And after you visit Athens , get out -- to the wild , mountainous landscape of Greece 's Peloponnese , covered in my next column . Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows on public television and public radio . E-mail him at rick@ricksteves.com, or write to him c/o P.O. Box 2009 , Edmonds , Wash. 98020 . Copyright 2009 RICK STEVES , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Rick Steves writes European travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows His TV series , "  Rick Steves ' Europe , " airs on PBS stations Steves ' company , Europe Through the Back Door , conducts European tours
Washington  CNN  -- A Republican-led effort to block President Obama 's nominations for top federal jobs led to the 15 recess appointments announced by the White House , Obama 's senior adviser said in an interview broadcast Sunday . "  The Republican Party has taken a position where they 're going to try and slow and block progress on all fronts , whether it 's legislation or appointments , " David Axelrod told the CNN program "  State of the Union . " Axelrod noted that the previous administration had fewer appointees awaiting Senate confirmation at the same point after taking power . "  We have 77 appointees who have not gotten the -LSB- Senate -RSB- vote because they have been held up by the Republican Party , " Axelrod said . "  Some of them are in very sensitive positions -- Treasury , Homeland Security , and boards like the Labor Relations Board ... where there are a huge number of vacancies . " Much of the controversy over Obama 's decision to use his authority to make recess appointments focused on Craig Becker , a union lawyer nominated to the National Labor Relations Board . Becker , currently the associate general counsel with the Service Employees International Union and the AFL-CIO , is one of two recess appointees to the board , which oversees relations between unions and employers . The chamber 's 41 Republicans asked Obama in a letter last week to refrain from making Becker a recess appointment . Previously , two conservative Democratic senators had joined Republicans in a filibuster of Becker 's appointment . Now , Republicans and business groups are criticizing the Becker appointment as circumventing the Senate and bowing to pressure from labor allies . Obama appointment to labor board sparks opposition Now , Republicans and business groups criticize the Becker appointment as circumventing the Senate and bowing to pressure from labor allies . The U.S. Chamber of Commerce said in a statement that "  Mr. Becker 's prolific writings ... suggest a radical view of labor law that flies in the face of established precedent and case law and is far outside the mainstream . " Sen. Lamar Alexander , R-Tennessee , complained that consideration of presidential nominees is an important role for the Senate . "  What it 's called is checks and balances , " Alexander , chairman of the Senate Republican Conference , told CNN . "  And what the president has done here is throw fuel on the fire at a time when ... the debate about politics is a very angry debate to begin with . " In a statement announcing the recess appointments , Obama said he needed to act because Republicans were refusing to exercise their legislative responsibility in the interest of scoring political points . "  Most of the men and women whose appointments I am announcing today were approved by Senate committees months ago , yet still await a vote of the Senate , " Obama said in the statement issued Saturday . "  At a time of economic emergency , two top appointees to the Department of Treasury have been held up for nearly six months . I simply can not allow partisan politics to stand in the way of the basic functioning of government . " The Constitution gives a president the power to fill vacancies without the Senate 's confirmation when the legislative body is in recess . "  The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during the Recess of the Senate , by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End of their next Session , " states Article II , Section 2 . Such appointees can serve without confirmation through the rest of the current session of Congress . President Bill Clinton made 139 recess appointments during his two terms in office , and President George W. Bush made more than 170 , according to the Congressional Research Service . Official : Obama expected to name new Medicaid , Medicare chief Besides Becker , the other 14 recess appointees are : • Jeffrey Goldstein , undersecretary for domestic finance , Department of the Treasury • Michael F. Mundaca , assistant secretary for tax policy , Department of the Treasury • Eric L. Hirschhorn , undersecretary for export administration and head of the Bureau of Industry and Security , Department of Commerce • Michael Punke , deputy trade representative - Geneva , Office of the U.S. Trade Representative • Francisco "  Frank " J. Sanchez , undersecretary for international trade , Department of Commerce • Islam A. Siddiqui , chief agricultural negotiator , Office of the U.S. Trade Representative • Alan D. Bersin , commissioner , U.S. Customs and Border Protection , Department of Homeland Security • Rafael Borras , undersecretary for management , Department of Homeland Security • Jill Long Thompson , Farm Credit Administration Board • Mark Gaston Pearce , National Labor Relations Board • Jacqueline A. Berrien , chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission • Chai R. Feldblum , commissioner , Equal Employment Opportunity Commission • Victoria A. Lipnic , commissioner , Equal Employment Opportunity Commission • P. David Lopez , general counsel , Equal Employment Opportunity Commission CNN 's Kristi Keck contributed to this story .	Republicans trying to "  slow and block progress on all fronts , " Axelrod says Obama on Saturday announced he would make 15 recess appointments Some administration appointments have been held up for months in the Senate "  What it 's called is checks and balances , " Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander says
CNN  -- Actress Mackenzie Phillips reveals she had a long-term incestuous relationship with her famous father , musician John Philips , in a tell-all memoir , according to People.com , which obtained an advance copy of her book . Actress Mackenzie Phillips reportedly reveals a family secret to Oprah Winfrey . Phillips , the 49-year-old former child star and daughter of the Mamas and the Papas founder John Phillips , says she had sex with her father the night before she was to marry Jeff Sessler , a member of the Rolling Stones entourage , in 1979 , according to People.com . "  On the eve of my wedding , my father showed up , determined to stop it , " writes Phillips , who was 19 at the time and a heavy drug user , according to People.com . "  I had tons of pills , and Dad had tons of everything too . Eventually I passed out on Dad 's bed . " Phillips , best known as Julie Cooper on the sitcom "  One Day at a Time , " says the sexual relationship became consensual as her life began to spiral out of control . During her time on the hit CBS comedy , which ran from 1975 to 1984 , she battled drug addiction and underwent drug rehabilitation . She later was fired from the show in 1980 because of her drug abuse . Watch Phillips discuss her arrest " Eventually , she and her father went to rehab together and she later toured with him in a band called the New Mamas and the Papas , according to People.com . "  I was a fragment of a person , and my secret isolated me , " she writes , according to People.com . "  One night Dad said , ` We could just run away to a country where no one would look down on us . There are countries where this is an accepted practice . Maybe Fiji . ' " Phillips will reportedly unleash the secret she has kept to herself for 31 years in an interview on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " scheduled to air Wednesday . Phillips ' book , "  High on Arrival , " comes out the same day . Phillips has led a troubled life that has included substance abuse and a 2008 arrest at Los Angeles International Airport on suspicion of cocaine and heroin possession . She later pleaded guilty to one count of cocaine possession and was ordered to a drug rehab program . The interview features Phillips discussing the time she spent hiding in her home , compulsively purchasing items from a television shopping channel as well as the events surrounding her arrest . In a promotional clip for "  The Oprah Winfrey Show , " Phillips also says her father shot her up with drugs . John Phillips , who died in 2001 , had a well-documented drug problem and was convicted of drug trafficking in 1981 . He told many stories of his drug abuse in his memoir , "  Papa John . " Mackenzie Phillips also tells Winfrey about an encounter she purportedly had with rock 'n' roll legend Mick Jagger . "  One Day at a Time " co-star Valerie Bertinelli also appears on the Winfrey show in support of Phillips . Phillips ' career as an actress took off when , as a teen , she performed the role of Carol Morrison in the 1973 film "  American Graffiti . " In the late 1990s , her career experienced a revival when she began co-starring on "  So Weird , " a Disney Channel program .	NEW : Mackenzie Phillips says she slept with John Philips night before her wedding NEW : Phillips says relationship grew consensual ; father proposed moving to Fiji The former child star has led a troubled life She was arrested in 2008 on suspicion of drug possession
NEW YORK  CNN  -- For three years , family , friends and her college sorority sisters have been looking for Jennifer Kesse , wondering what happened to her . Jennifer Kesse would be 26 now . She has been missing since January 24 , 2006 . Last week , on the third anniversary of Kesse 's disappearance , an inmate in a Florida prison said he might have the answer . David Russ , a convicted killer being held at the Seminole County Jail , spoke last week with the missing woman 's father , Drew Kesse , claiming he had information that could lead to a break in the case . Details are being withheld from the public . In a jailhouse phone call with CNN , Russ hinted he 'd eavesdropped on other inmates . He also was outspoken about his skepticism toward investigators . "  The investigators have messed this case up from the beginning and can not be trusted , " he said . That 's why he asked to speak directly with the missing woman 's father , he said . Orlando police are just as skeptical of Russ . They said he provided information they already had . "  His information is not some big break in the case , " said Sgt. Barbara Jones of the Orlando Police Department . "  We are still hoping for new tips that could lead us to finding Jennifer Kesse . " The 24-year-old financial adviser was just back from a Caribbean vacation with her boyfriend and was getting back into her routine . She went to work at her new job , came home to her new condominium and called her parents . Watch an update on the case " At 10 p.m. , she called her boyfriend , who lived in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . Then , her family believes , she went to bed . The next morning , she got up and showered for work . Her clothes were neatly laid out on her bed , her family says , suggesting she may have tried on a few outfits before deciding what to wear to the office . Then , she disappeared , her family said . She did not show up for work that Tuesday morning and her employer reported her missing . Police found Kesse 's Chevy Malibu two days later . It was parked in a gated lot about one mile down the road from the condominium complex where she lived . Inside the vehicle , police found some of Kesse 's personal items , but her purse , wallet , two cell phones and briefcase were missing . The car doors were locked and the car keys were not found . Police later released a video surveillance tape of the car being parked in the lot by someone other than Kesse . The grainy video partially shows a person walking away from the car , past a parking lot gate . Police are uncertain if this person of interest is a man or a woman , because the image is partially obscured by the gate . The person is described as 5 feet 4 inches , with a short haircut , wearing light-colored clothes and dark shoes . The video is time and date-stamped at noon on the day Kesse disappeared . Forensic tests on the vehicle came back inconclusive , Sgt. Jones said . No blood or other trace evidence was found to show that Kesse had been injured in the vehicle . Drew Kesse said that every Tuesday , landscapers worked at the condo complex near his daughter 's parking space . The landscapers said they did n't see Kesse leaving her apartment and getting into her car , which she did every weekday morning between 7:30 and 7:45 a.m. "  The only theory we could come up with is that she walked out her front door and was kidnapped somewhere between her front door and the parking lot where her car was . We think since the landscapers did n't see her , she must not have even made it out of the hallways or stairwells of the condo complex , " Drew Kesse said . He added that there were n't any surveillance cameras in the hallways or stairwells at the time his daughter was living there . Sgt. Jones said investigators have developed forensic evidence from Kesse 's car that could someday match with a person of interest and identify a suspect . Police have also released a photo of a green clover tattoo on Kesse 's left hip . Anyone with information leading to Jennifer Kesse or the person responsible for her disappearance is asked to call the tip line at 1-800-423-TIPS . The reward is $ 10,000 . Kesse would be 26 years old and has blonde hair , green eyes , is 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighs 125 pounds .	Inmate calls missing woman 's father , says he heard other inmates talking Police say inmate 's information is nothing new Jennifer Kesse was 24 , disappeared three years ago near Orlando , Florida Information ? Call 1-800-423-TIPS . A $ 10,000 reward is offered
CNN  -- The majors have been and gone for another year , but golf has officially entered its most money-spinning phase of the season . As the 2013 campaign reaches its climax an eye-watering $ 67 million in prize money will be on offer in the four FedEx Cup playoff events . Last year 's winner , Brandt Snedeker , picked up over $ 12.5 million for 16 days ' work at tournaments backed by heavyweight sponsors like BMW , Barclays , Deutsche Bank and Coca Cola . It reflects an industry battling back from recession , and one that is contributing more than you might think to help boost what is still a fragile economy in the United States -- which has a public debt of almost $ 17 trillion and rising . The World Golf Foundation 's Golf 20/20 report estimates that the industry generated $ 68.8 billion in goods and services in the U.S. in 2011 , with a total economic impact of $ 176.8 billion . "  The golf industry is larger than the spectator sports and performing arts industries combined , " WGF chief executive Steve Mona told CNN . "  That 's pretty substantial compared to those two . Beyond the monetary contribution it makes , it also employs close to two million Americans with a combined wage income of $ 55.6 billion . "  What 's important about that is when people think about people employed in golf , they generally think about the Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelsons of this world . "  That 's true , but they are at the higher end of the scale -- what people do n't tend to think about is a lot of the jobs in golf are everyday kind of jobs filled by people who are trying to slug out a living , and feed their family . "  They 're working at restaurants , in the grill room , working on the course , taking bags out of your car , cleaning your clubs . Believe me those people are not getting rich , but that is the real backbone of the golf industry . " Golf is nothing if not resilient . The deep recession of 2008 in the United States did not spare the sport , but in recent years it has come out swinging as it moves back towards the $ 75.9 billion the WGF estimates it generated in 2005 . Those figures surely wo n't be lost on one of golf 's biggest fans , who also happens to be the President of the United States . Barack Obama is an avid golfer -- he enjoyed a February round with the world No. 1 Tiger Woods in Florida and spent a good chunk of his recent vacation in Martha 's Vineyard on the course . A report released by the Government Accountability Institute in April even suggested Obama has spent more hours on the golf course during his presidency than in economic meetings . Counting the Commander in Chief as one of the game 's biggest and most influential supporters can only serve as a great advert for the game , according to Mona . "  There are a couple of things about the President that are really very positive , " he said . "  One , he 's arguably the busiest man in the world with the toughest job in the world , but he can make time to play . He played five times on his recent vacation in Martha 's Vineyard . "  That leads to the second point : the fact that he plays it by the rules , and he 's enthusiastic about it and tries to play whenever he can , speaks to the magic of the game . "  It can be addicting in a good way and it clearly has been for the President . " As well as counting the most powerful man in America as a golf fan , the game has strengthened its presence on Capitol Hill in recent years . A series of events have been designed to trumpet the growing portion of the economy that golf supports to Washington 's power brokers . "  It 's important for us to communicate effectively in terms of the impact golf has on the economy generally and the kind of jobs it creates for everyday Americans , " Mona explains . "  Because when laws and regulations are being made , it 's important the golf industry is treated like any other industry of our size and scope . That relates to the second audience we 're trying to make sure understands the facts about golf , and that is the influencers of society generally . " However , not all politicians are in love with golf 's financial contribution -- a U.S. Congress Senator is seeking to overturn the not-for-profit status enjoyed by the PGA Tour and other sporting bodies such as the NHL and NFL which means they are exempt from federal taxes . Forbes reported in May that of the $ 130 million the PGA Tour gave to charity last year , most of it went to the WGF -- whose main purpose is to promote golf . "  It 's important for golf to have a good reputation in the court of public opinion and not be viewed as a sport for the privileged few played on private clubs by the affluent few , " Mona said . "  It 's not that game at all but it gets perceived sometimes to be that kind of sport . " That point of view might get temporarily sidelined while the game 's stars are in the thick of FedEx Cup action . But while the vast sums on offer might turn some of the public off , seeing golf 's top players battle it out with such huge prizes at stake is a surefire way to get viewers to turn on . More than 30 PGA tournaments this year offer a winner 's purse of greater than $ 1 million -- by contrast the European Tour lost several events from its calendar this year due to the downturn . And the bigger the prize pot , the more money that drips down through the system , says Mona . "  I think it makes a very strong statement about the health and vitality of the golf industry when you have these world-class brands who want to associate with golf , " he added . "  They 're willing to put up significant sums to be associated with those events , and the players have the opportunity to play for the kind of money reflects very favorably on golf . "  I always say there are two economies in golf . There 's the participation economy which is about the everyday golf facilities , trying to attract golfers and current players to play as much they can . "  Then there 's the entertainment side of golf too and that 's where the professional tours come in . that relates to the interest of the game . "  If we can enhance interest in the game that can lead later down the line to participation . We also know that interest in the game spawns what you 're seeing over the next few weeks . "  When people come out to an event itself or tune in on TV , that 's why the Barclays of this world affiliate with those events . "  It certainly an indicator of the health of the industry for sure . "	Golf season about to enter playoff season with $ 67 million in prize money on offer Reflects an industry that makes a significant contribution to the United States economy Golf is a $ 68.8 billion industry whose total economic impact equates to $ 176.8 billion President Obama is a famous exponent of the game playing regularly
CNN  -- It 's not just for French kissing or for showing your dissatisfaction . Besides showing off at concerts , licking lollipops , and teasing , the tongue could help people gain mobility . Aside from everyday functions of chewing , swallowing , talking and tasting , the tongue has new uses such as steering wheelchairs and helping blind people see . Also in Spain last month , doctors transplanted a tongue as part of a face transplant surgery . "  The tongue is considered very much like the trunk of an elephant or the tentacle of the octopus . It 's the same kind of structure with how many shapes , configurations the trunk or tentacle can assume , " said E. Fiona Bailey , an assistant professor of physiology at The University of Arizona in Tucson . "  Researchers realize there is a lot of potential there . " Transplanting tongues A team of surgeons in Spain last month performed a face transplant , which is considered the first to include the tongue and jaws . A 43-year-old man who lost his jaws and tongue after a cancer battle 11 years ago received a transplant for the bottom third of his face , according to the Hospital La Fe in Valencia , Spain . Dr. Pedro Cavadas , the surgical team leader , said the objective was for the patient to recover feeling in his face and also to swallow , talk , feel and taste with his tongue again . But the first tongue transplant in 2003 had short-lived results . Doctors in Austria transplanted a tongue to a 42-year-old cancer patient . The cancer returned and the patient died 13 months after the surgery , according to a 2008 article written by his doctors in the journal Transplantation . A transplant recipient has to take immune suppressing drugs so he or she wo n't reject the new organ . But this puts the person at risk for cancer recurrence because of the weakened immune system , said Dr. Douglas Chepeha , a head and neck surgical oncologist at the University of Michigan Comprehensive Cancer Center in Ann Arbor . Unlike liver or kidney transplants , reconnecting the tongue is also more complex because of its nerves , said Chepeha , who is the director of the microvascular program . "  A nerve is not like a single wire in your house , " he said . "  When we say a nerve , there are literally thousands if not hundred thousands of tiny little fibers . It 'll be like taking a fiber optic cable and cutting it -- let 's say that cable had 100,000 fibers in it -- how do you realign it ? " Chepeha said : "  If we can get some way of knowing which way to hook the nerves up , someday it 'll work better . Right now , we 're not there . " Driving wheelchairs A new kind of wheelchair allows people who can not use their hands and feet to steer using simple tongue movements . This technology can assist people who have spinal cord injuries , said Maysam Ghovanloo , an assistant professor in the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology . Unlike hands and feet , the tongue has a distinct advantage because it does n't connect to the spinal cord , he said . To use the wheelchair , a magnet the size of a lentil sits on the driver 's tongue affixed by edible glue . When the person in the wheelchair touches a certain tooth with his or her tongue , the wheelchair moves -- for example , a left tooth , the wheelchair will turn left . Magnetic sensors trace the movement of the tongue and transmit the directions to get the wheelchair moving . "  The tongue is always moving , but the technology is smart enough to tell the difference between natural movements and the tongue movements -LSB- meant to steer the wheelchair -RSB- , " Ghovanloo said . Researchers conducted clinical trials this summer in which people with spinal cord injuries navigated through an obstacle course using their tongues . Those who had recently been injured were more receptive to driving with their tongues than others who have gotten used to the existing technology , Ghovanloo said . The tongue-driven wheelchair is not available to the public yet , pending more clinical trials in 2010 . Aiding vision Researchers devised an instrument to allow users to "  see " through the tongue . Called the BrainPort , the vision device sits on the tongue to help blind people get a sense of their environment . The device , which is the size of a postage stamp , connects to a digital video camera . The camera paints the visual scene in front of a person by turning it into gentle stimulations on the tongue that feel like bubbles . For example , when a person moves across the room , the device creates vibrations across the tongue to resemble the movement . Aimee Arnoldussen , a neuroscientist at the device maker 's company , Wicab Inc. , said scientists turned to the tongue because "  the tongue has a high density of nerve endings , which makes it sensitive . " Other parts of the body , such as the back , were not sufficiently sensitive . The fingertips were sensitive enough , but people wanted full use of their hands to grip a cane or to grab objects . Placing the device "  on the tongue inside the mouth , frees the hands to interact with environment , " Arnoldussen said . Plus , the device can be hidden in the mouth . The device is still in development , but Arnoldussen said the company hopes to make it available to the public within the next year . E-tongue senses sweet Scientists at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign developed a handheld device the size of a business card , which can taste the sweetness in food and drinks . This could lead to the first electronic tongue that would be able to identify sources of sweetness . "  We could determine what sweetener would be in your tea , " researcher Christopher Musto told CNN Radio . The device can distinguish among 14 kinds of sweeteners , from natural sugars to artificial ones such as Splenda . Musto described two possible applications : This would be a first step toward an electronic tongue and second , it could be a handheld device that would determine what sweetener and the amount .	Researchers turn to the tongue for new ways to help people with disabilities Spanish doctors performed face transplant including tongue this summer Engineers are testing a wheelchair that can be steered by the tongue
CNN  -- Cindy Goodman was having dinner with a group of girlfriends one night when the conversation took a surprising turn . Summer at the beach may seem like fun , but more Americans are afraid to take time off . Goodman asked her friends where they planned to go this year for their summer vacation . Nowhere , they answered . They were afraid to take time off because they did n't want to risk losing their jobs , she says . "  It 's going to be an interesting summer , " says Goodman , a Miami Herald business columnist . "  The people who still have a job are really feeling overwhelmed and overworked . They 're afraid to take vacations , but at the same time , they need them more than ever . " The bad economy is n't just depleting bank accounts . It 's cutting into people 's vacation time . Americans typically take time off and kick back during the summer . This year may be different . People are worried that a temporary vacation could lead to permanent time off , Goodman says . "  I do n't think anyone is going to be fired for taking two weeks off , but they might think that they 'll think of another way of doing my job without me , " says Goodman , who wrote about people 's vacation fears for her blog at http://worklifebalancingact.blogspot.com . How to take time off without guilt Americans had a difficult time taking vacations even before the economy slumped . Numerous articles and studies draw the same conclusions : Americans do n't know how to pry themselves away from the workplace . This year , Expedia.com , the travel reservation company , conducted a survey that compared Americans ' vacation habits with their counterparts in other countries . The survey said about 34 percent of Americans do n't take all the vacation time they earn each year . In contrast , 22 percent of French citizens and 24 percent of Germans do n't take all the vacation allotted to them . Japanese workers are the least interested in using all of their vacation days , according to the Expedia survey . About 92 percent of Japanese workers do not take all of their vacation days . Christine Louise Hohlbaum , author of "  The Power of Slow : 101 Ways to Save Time in Our 24/7 World , " says even when Americans manage to take vacations , they still do n't completely leave their office , because of technology . "  You can take a BlackBerry on vacation and still have a conversation with clients anywhere else in the world , " Hohlbaum says . "  It 's wonderful for innovation , but not so great for leisure . " But workers who do n't take vacation hurt themselves and their companies , Hohlbaum says . Overworked employees get sick more often and place themselves at risk for long-term illnesses such as heart disease . Companies suffer because their employees are too tired or ill to be productive , she said . Workplaces are full of exhausted employees who have already checked out in their cubicles , Hohlbaum says . "  If people are overworked , they 're surfing the Internet , " she says . "  They 're not contributing to the bottom line . " Hohlbaum says she talked to a computer technician who found a way to take more time off but be more productive . He started a walking group for his colleagues during lunch hour . He and his colleagues were transformed . "  It was an amazing experience , " Hohlbaum says . "  They bonded . It helped people relax and when they got back to work , they were much more productive . " She suggests that other workers follow his example . Explain the upside of the idea to the boss : The company benefits from well-rested workers because they 're more productive . Set performance goals with your boss to prove taking time off will allow you to thrive and will result in greater productivity , she says . Some workers , however , find that their biggest skeptic may be internal ; they do n't know how to take it easy anymore , Hohlbaum says . "  If you 're so used to being purposeful , make leisure time your purpose , " Hohlbaum says . Alternative ideas Goodman , the Miami Herald columnist , offers some of her own tips for taking time off . If you 're too afraid to ask for an extended vacation , plan four-day weekends or time off around holidays . Goodman says she 's going to take a four-day vacation around the Fourth of July . But there was a time when she traditionally took two-week vacations during the summer . "  I have the same kind of fear that everyone else has , " Goodman says . "  I want to take time off , but I do n't want to miss too much work time . I want to keep my column in the paper every week . "	People fear that vacationing in recession could lead to permanent time off Blogger says stressed-out workers need vacations more than ever Poll : 35 percent of Americans do n't take all the vacation they receive in a year Expert advises how to explain to your boss why you should have a vacation
Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a nationally syndicated columnist and a member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union-Tribune . Read his column here Ruben Navarrette says Sarah Palin 's critics challenged her because of prejudices about small-town values . SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- During the presidential election , some Democrats demanded to know how I could defend Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . Simply put , Palin is my people . She 's small-town folk who wound up in the big leagues . Because I grew up in a small town with a population of less than 15,000 people , I was disgusted by the insults and condescension coming from those who think of themselves as the enlightened elite . Meanwhile , in small towns , I detected great affection for Palin . People talked about how she was "  a real person " who "  reflected their values . " The most significant divide in America is n't Red State vs. Blue State , it 's rural vs. urban . The country mouse and the city mouse are still slugging it out . In 1982 , New York Mayor Ed Koch ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York . Some say the deciding factor was when Koch described life in upstate New York as "  sterile " and said he dreaded living in the "  small town " of Albany , if elected . That did n't play well in rural areas . Now comes Colin Powell . During a recent appearance on CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " Powell attempted an autopsy on the Republican Party 's failed presidential bid . He went after Palin , accusing her of pushing the party so far to the right that it went over a cliff . "  I think -LSB- Palin -RSB- had something of a polarizing effect when she talked about how small-town values are good , " Powell said . "  Well , most of us do n't live in small towns . And I was raised in the South Bronx , and there 's nothing wrong with my value system from the South Bronx . " You 'd think the presidential campaign was about conservatives picking on urbanites . It was n't . Sure , some Republicans probably made a mistake by using phrases such as "  real America " or "  real Americans " as a rallying cry for the base . Americans who live in cities might have thought they were being slighted . But those phrases referred as much to people 's politics and values as it did their zip code . I live in a city with a population of more than a million people and I never thought the GOP singled me out as not being a "  real American . " If anything , it appeared that big-city liberals were tapping into prejudices about small-town America to belittle the governor of Alaska After Powell attacked Palin , one of the governor 's most vocal defenders , conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh , returned the favor by attacking Powell . "  What is this hatred for conservatives and small-town people and Sarah Palin ? " Limbaugh asked on his radio show . "  I know a lot of people that are from the Bronx , Gen. Powell , and if you think the values there in the Bronx today reflect the ones you grew up with , take a trip back and see if the street corners and the activities there are the same as when you were growing up . " Limbaugh got it . When people use phrases such as "  small-town values , " it 's as much about time as it is place . The idea is n't that people who live in small towns have better values than people who live in cities . It 's simply an attempt to recall , with nostalgia , what life was like when more Americans lived in small towns . It used to be that more families ate dinner together and high school students worked summers and after school . It used to be that our schools did n't make excuses for why some kids do n't learn because they were too busy trying to teach them . It used to be that parents were n't interested in being their kids ' best friends , only good parents . And it used to be that people pulled their own weight and would never dare ask for a handout . During a recent interview with the conservative newspaper , Human Events , Palin was asked if she thought her humble background accounted for some of the flak she got from the media . Palin acknowledged that she did n't come from elite stock , but said that she was grateful for that . "  I got my education from the University of Idaho because that 's what I could afford , " she said . "  No , I do n't come from the self-proclaimed ` movers and shakers ' group and that 's fine with me . It 's caused me , or rather , allowed me , to work harder and pull myself up by my bootstraps without anyone else helping me . I think it allows me to be in touch with the vast majority of Americans who are in the same position that I am . " Sarah Palin understands a lot about America . Too bad many Americans do n't understand Sarah Palin . No worries . They may get another chance to acquaint themselves with her -- in say , four years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Sarah Palin rose from small-town life to big-time politics She 's been accused by Democrats of polarizing the campaign , Navarrette says He says she was unfairly targeted by liberals prejudiced against small towns Navarrette : We can expect to hear from Palin again , maybe in four years
Nicosia , Cyprus  CNN  -- In the old town of Cyprus 's capital Nicosia , something subtle and unexpected is happening . In the wake of the economic crisis , the historic center -- an attractive old town ringed by vast 16th century Venetian walls -- is gradually coming back to life with new cafes , shops , and art galleries emerging from the labyrinthine streets . Ledra Street , at the heart of town , has been a symbol for the island 's division since 1974 , when , in July of that year , a Greek military junta backed a coup d'etat in Cyprus . In response Turkey launched military intervention and by August it had landed thousands of troops and successfully partitioned the island . Around 180,000 Greek Cypriots were forced south and some 50,000 Turkish Cypriots moved into vacant properties in the northern Turkish occupied zone . Since 2008 , Ledra Street has reopened with a checkpoint that can now be crossed . But between the ubiquitous Kentucky Fried Chicken and Starbucks outlets , and the local restaurants selling frozen yoghurt , coffee , and souvlaki by the pita-load , U.N. soldiers still patrol . Gradually however , through the frustrations of separation and the strain of the economic crisis , a new generation of poets , directors and entrepreneurs are reclaiming the area . Band aid The band Monsieur Doumani have been playing in and around Ledra Street for several years . Many of their songs have a distinctly political edge . The band 's lead singer , Antonis Antoniou , says that in his view music and art can help to heal old wounds : "  We strongly believe that art and music can reconcile and reunite people ... especially in parts of the world where problems are between neighboring countries . For instance , here in Cyprus , the two communities share the same culture , and people used to live happily together listening to the same songs -- in many cases sung in both Greek and Turkish . This should be used as an example to bring people of the communities together . " The Green Line -- the buffer zone between the north and south Cyprus -- stretches almost across the length of the country  interrupted by the British Overseas Territory of Dhekelia  , but nowhere is it more visible than in Nicosia . "  The Green Line gives the city a strange energy ... in a good way , " says Eleni Xenou , a writer who lives in city . "  There is a silence here ; an absence . A feeling of the past with the U.N. in the middle . It is very edgy and it gives the city a very interesting charm . You need to get over yourself to get over the line . " Cafe culture Even though the checkpoints are now open , barricades still snake through the middle of town . On the corner of one inauspicious street , is the popular Xaratsi Cafe , which owner Stavros Lambrakis has managed since before the checkpoints opened up . The cafe attracts all kinds of people , and welcomes anyone from either side of town . "  The vibe of the place is what I believe attracts  my customers  , " Lambrakis says . "  Xaratsi is like no other place . It is on the Green Line , sitting on the ` no man 's land . ' It carries the energy and history of the city . It is untouched and one can see how the time has stopped . " Retail therapy Alongside the arts scene are the shops , many of which celebrate their location with an unmistakable irony . A kebab shop called Berlin 2 sits right by a street blockade ; a little further down the road you can buy lingerie from No Border Underwear . On Kleanthi Christophides Street Anastasios Gkekas runs a shop called the Office -- a high end men 's fashion boutique and art gallery space . The shop has no mirrors , but asks its customers go outside and down the street to look at themselves in the mirrors inside the nearby U.N. guard station . "  I find it necessary to expose my clients to this reality , " Gkekas says . "  To make them see their reflection among the ruins ,  and  get them to think about where it is they are standing , at a very particular level of history . " As there is a high turnover of guards , Gkekas regularly has to explain what he is doing : "  Officially the access to the guard station 103 is not permitted to anyone . In addition , the guards often change so I do not know several of them and anyway I always have to ask permission , explaining the nature of my request ... I do not know why they let me enter , " he says . Many younger people in Nicosia see hope for the city and believe that reconciliation , while difficult , is certainly possible . Antoniou believes that opening up the crossings and allowing the two communities to get to know one another has been key to the city 's healing . "  For the first time in our lives  especially for us who were born after 1974  we came to have first-hand experiences with the so-called ` other ' and create friendships , " he says . "  Both the propaganda that spread amongst people all these years in both sides and the fact that we had no direct contact with this ` other ' , helped towards demonizing it . But now , people who manage to get rid of these prejudices are able to construct relationships and have built trust , so the future could be optimistic . " CNN On the Road series often carry sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	The U.N.-patrolled Green Line divides Cyprus Artists , poets and musicians are returning to the divided Cypriot capital , Nicosia New cafes and galleries are bringing life to the city , and with it hope of reconciliation
NEW YORK  CNNMoney.com  -- Employees at the Seattle office of the U.S. Government Accountability Office know that they have to put in 80 hours of work every two weeks . Some employers understand that your working at the expense of everything else in your life is n't good for you ... or for them . But they can configure those hours pretty much how they 'd like , with the exception of the one day a week their managers require all employees to be at the office at the same time . Plus , they can work from home for some of the week , or they can work compressed weeks so that they can take every fifth or 10th day off and still log their 80 hours . Those policies are why that GAO office is among the recipients of the Alfred P. Sloan awards for excellence in workplace flexibility given by the Families and Work Institute  FWI  every year . Three-quarters of big organizations now offer flexible-work benefits , according to Hewitt Associates . Watson Wyatt in its survey of mid - and large-sized companies found that flexible work schedules was the most commonly offered benefit , followed by telecommuting and compressed work weeks . But just because an HR policy exists does n't mean that your employer has your back if you 're afraid to take advantage of it . That 's why FWI recognizes employers that have flexibility policies that are both innovative and regularly used by employees . Here are just a few examples from among FWI 's 2007 winners . At Amerisure Insurance Company 's Detroit office , all employees have some flexibility in their schedules , even those staffing call centers . They can choose the hours they work between 7 a.m. and 10 p.m. , which lets them , for instance , pick up or drop off their kids during the day . At the 16-member Bailey Law Group in Washington , D.C. , telecommuting is n't a problem , even from across the country . Rather than lose two of its best employees , who were moving to other states , the firm 's founder , Kathy Bailey , let them work remotely from their new homes . Bailey told FWI that she attributes the tripling of her company 's revenue in part to the firm 's flexibility , noting that one of the relocated employees brought in a whole new roster of clients as a result of the move . Intel makes its money on innovation , and burn-out rarely produces innovative ideas . That 's why employees at the company 's Chandler , Arizona , office get two paid consecutive months off every seven years . They also get reimbursed for tuition if they 're pursuing further education and can use company time to pursue a degree , either by using comp time or making up for the time spent in class by working on evenings or weekends . Sabbaticals are also an option at NRG , a small insurance firm in Seattle with 14 employees . They get an extra month 's vacation for every five years they work and may take two consecutive months off during their sabbatical year . Regular and flexible time-off is critical , too , especially when salaries are n't huge and talented employees can make more elsewhere . At the Environmental Protection Agency  EPA  , employees start with two-and-a-half weeks ' vacation and after three years , get a full month . They also can roll over any of their unused sick days  they get 13 a year  and use them for any medical need , including taking care of a sick family member , or for bereavement . At no time do you appreciate your employer 's flexibility more than when you need to take time to care for a child or handle a family crisis . Under federal law , companies with at least 50 employees must let employees take up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave a year to care for a new baby , a sick family member or their own medical problems . This week , the author of that legislation , Sen. Christopher Dodd  D-Connecticut  , co-sponsored a bill calling for companies to provide 8 of those 12 weeks to be paid . At Ernst & Young 's Chicago office , new mothers with at least a year 's tenure at the firm get three paid months of leave plus up to 19 weeks of unpaid leave . New fathers get six weeks of paid leave if they are the primary caregiver , two weeks if they are not . For employees who adopt , they get 16 weeks of leave , of which six are paid if the employee is the primary caregiver , or two otherwise But then an additional four weeks of paid leave is available when the primary parent goes back to work . For parents who choose to leave their jobs , Ernst & Young stays in touch , calling them when new work opportunities at the firm arise . Employees caring for a close relative , meanwhile , can take up to 16 weeks of leave without fear of losing their jobs . The payoff for the firm is huge . Deanna Bassett , the accounting firm 's Inclusion and Flexibility Leader , told FWI , "  The cost of our flexibility practices is nothing compared to the cost of losing good people and hiring and training new ones . " E-mail to a friend	Hewitt Associates : 75 percent of big organizations offer flexible-work benefits Many companies by law have to grant up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave annually Telecommuting and compressed work weeks also common benefits
The number of Ebola cases in Liberia and Sierra Leone could rise to between 550,000 and 1.4 million by January if there are no "  additional interventions or changes in community behavior , " the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a report Tuesday . The estimate was derived from a new forecasting tool developed by the CDC . The range of estimated cases -- from 550,000 to 1.4 million -- is wide because experts suspect the current count is highly under-reported . The official death toll from Ebola in West Africa has climbed to more than 2,800 in six months , with 5,800 cases confirmed as of Monday , the World Health Organization said . But the CDC estimates that if 70 % of people with Ebola are properly cared for in medical facilities , the epidemic could decrease and eventually end . In a press conference Tuesday , CDC Director Tom Frieden cautioned that this model is based on older data from August . The numbers are not projections , but "  scenarios . " The model does not take into account President Obama 's announcement that the U.S. is sending troops and extra medical equipment to the area . Nor does it take into account the additional help from other countries promised . What the model does suggests , he said , is that the current surge of help can "  break the back of the epidemic " and is "  exactly what 's needed " to end it . He said he is now "  confident the most dire predictions will not come to pass . " The cautionary tale this data does tell , he said is that there would be an "  enormous cost " if help is delayed . Gayle Smith , a special assistant to the President and senior director of the National Security Council said the model tells responders how to "  bend the curve " and that the epidemic can end with a large international response . "  The momentum must at least be maintained to ensure we are way out ahead of this , " Smith said . And added that the international help will need to "  stay on this as long as it takes . " A separate nine-month assessment published by WHO experts in The New England Journal of Medicine on Tuesday says the fatality rate of this outbreak in West Africa is 71 % and that the "  current epidemiologic outlook is bleak . " It also warns that without "  drastic improvements " in measures to control its spread , the number of cases and deaths from Ebola is expected to continue climbing from hundreds to thousands per week in the coming months . The cumulative number of cases could exceed 20,000 by November 2 , the assessment said . It blamed the spread not on a particularly virulent strain of the virus , rather it said this outbreak was so deadly because of a "  combination of dysfunctional health systems , international indifference , high population mobility , local customs , densely populated capitals , and lack of trust in authorities after years of armed conflict . " "  Perhaps most important , Ebola has reached the point where it could establish itself as an endemic infection because of a highly inadequate and late global response . " It warns that the global response must improve to meet the threat posed by this and future epidemics . Another six-month report from WHO -- which assesses the situation in three countries at the outbreak 's center , Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone -- is dedicated to those health workers "  who , as an expression of our innately shared human compassion , risked their lives , and lost them . " In the six months since this outbreak was first formally reported in March , 337 health care workers have been infected , of whom more than 181 have died , the WHO said . Complete coverage of the Ebola outbreak Guinea : Porous borders aid spread The WHO 's six-month report on Guinea , where the outbreak began in a remote area , details how the virus first gained a grip on a vulnerable , frightened population ill-equipped to deal with the deadly disease . Once Ebola was identified as the killer , a national and international response swung into gear . But each time it looked like the country might be at the point of controlling the virus , new flare-ups occurred . The WHO report concludes Ebola kept getting reintroduced "  into Guinea -- with its notoriously porous borders -- from the large outbreaks in neighboring Liberia and Sierra Leone . " Controlling the virus then will not be feasible in Guinea until its stopped in neighboring countries . Meanwhile , health workers there have come under attack as they seek to educate the local population . "  Today , one of the biggest barriers to control is violence from an impoverished , terrified and shattered population that does not understand what hit it and fights back the only way it can , " the report said . Liberia : Misery and hope WHO 's six-month report on Liberia summarizes their situation as one of "  misery and despair tempered by some good reasons for hope . " The number of Liberian cases is increasing exponentially , with 113 new ones reported over a single 24-hour period on one day last week , WHO said -- a record number in any outbreak . At the same time , treatment centers are overflowing . Many patients are turned away . The capacity to deliver other basic health services , such as care for women in childbirth , has been compromised . The report warns malaria-related deaths may soon surpass those from Ebola . Hope can be found in the opening of a new WHO-funded , 120-bed Ebola treatment center , it said . The U.S. government is also setting up a new laboratory to speed up diagnosis . Currently there are four major Ebola treatment units in Liberia . In remarks made on Tuesday , Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said that her country 's health care system is hurting . Of the over 1500 who have died , 85 were health care workers . The President characterized the CDC 's model for possible infections as "  scary to all of us . " She added , though , that she is happy with the U.S. response to the disaster . She believes it will make a "  major " difference . She predicts with that increased international effort , Liberia will see better results in a couple of weeks . Sierra Leone : Urgent needs The situation assessment for Sierra Leone explains how traditional burial practices helped the virus spread quickly there following the funeral of a respected local healer . The virus has taken a devastating toll on health workers and researchers . "  Sierra Leone 's most urgent needs include more treatment beds in much safer facilities , better contact training and follow-up , more personal protective equipment and body bags , and more properly protected teams to collect bodies and bury them safely , " WHO said . The deployment of international medical teams in West Africa , including from China and Cuba , may help . Nigeria and Senegal , where the situation is judged "  stable -- for the moment , " are seen as success stories . Those countries have shown conventional methods such as early detection , contact tracing , isolation and an adequate supply of personal protective equipment can contain the virus , WHO said . "  If Nigeria can control an outbreak caused by such a deadly and highly contagious virus , right from the start , any country in the world can do the same , " its report said .	CDC : Ebola cases in Liberia and Sierra Leone could rise to 550,000 by January WHO : Death toll from Ebola passed 2,800 as of Monday , with 5,800-plus cases reported Fatality rate is 71 % and "  current epidemiologic outlook is bleak , " WHO experts say Nigeria and Senegal have shown Ebola can be contained with rigorous efforts , it says
Tokyo  CNN  A second robotic probe sent into the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow . Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down . The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected , an indicator that cooling systems were working effectively , according to a statement released by TEPCO . "  It is a great step forward towards the decommissioning work as we can earn necessary data for the next investigation , " said Akira Ono , the chief of Fukushima Daiichi plant . TEPCO said the yellow seen on the images seemed to suggest a discoloration of the grating , though the cause was unknown . It said the green glow could not be seen when filmed from other angles . The shape-shifting robots were sent in to assess the damage in one of the reactors that suffered a meltdown after a devastating earthquake and tsunami in March 2011 . TEPCO says the site 's still too dangerous for workers to enter . The first robot , which was sent in on April 10 , stalled after moving about 10 meters , according to a statement released by TEPCO . A report and footage from the robot shows that a fallen object had blocked its path and left it stranded . TEPCO decided to cut off the cable connected to the device on April 12 as it had already collected data on radiation levels in 14 of the 18 targeted locations , completing around two-thirds of the originally planned route . The second robot was sent in on April 15 and collected data from all 11 points , as scheduled . Four years after the devastating nuclear crisis , the radiation levels inside the three damaged reactors are still extremely high and remain unsafe for people to enter . Decommissioning work is estimated to cost $ 50 billion and will take years to complete . TEPCO called the robotic probe an "  unprecedented " experiment . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Junko Ogura reported from Tokyo , Japan and Naomi Ng wrote from Hong Kong .	A robotic probe into the Fukushima nuclear plant released crucial information on conditions inside the reactor TEPCO : Recorded radiation levels and temperatures are lower than expected The robot was sent into the plant after the first one broke down
EW.com  -- Much of the romantic comedy "  Friends With Kids " is a funny dispatch from a very contemporary Earth ; the remainder is a strange message from Rom-com-land . In the inviting setup , Julie  writer-director-star Jennifer Westfeldt  and her platonic soul mate Jason  Adam Scott  lament the wearying effect that childrearing has on their formerly fun friends -- an emotion the child-free among us will recognize .  "  Bridesmaids ' " Maya Rudolph and Chris O'Dowd , Kristen Wiig and Jon Hamm play the mated breeders with Ã © lan .  Julie and Jason congratulate themselves on their free and sexy lives . ` Housewives ' trial IDs character to die But the BFFs also discuss -- with the kind of graphic dialogue that , sigh , currently passes for equal-opportunity sex talk -- that time is running out to make a baby , so they decide to pop out a bundle of joy , share custody , and continue their respective romantic chases . And as sure as Harry was meant for Sally , they take the rest of the movie to arrive at the only possible conclusion for such a classically stacked premise . The observations about parenthood , pro and con , are quick and smart , and Scott effortlessly steals the show , softening Westfeldt 's brittle cuteness . '30 Rock ' : Best moments and lines It 's after baby makes three that the movie falters , as Westfeldt the storyteller arbitrarily metes out punishment or reward to her characters , tying Jason , and especially Julie , in knots of unlikely self-ignorance on the way to revelation  and a fair amount of speechifying  . Also , the dialogue climaxes in a vulgar kicker that makes Harry and Sally sound like Shakespeare . The childish stuff is unnecessary in a comedy for adults . B + See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jennifer Westfeldt and Adam Scott star in "  Friends With Kids " Scott effortlessly steals the show , softening Westfeldt 's brittle cuteness The dialogue climaxes in a vulgar kicker ; it 's unnecessary in a comedy for adults
CNN  Actress Elizabeth Peña has died of natural causes after a brief illness , her manager told CNN . She was 55 . Peña passed away Tuesday , Gina Rugolo said in a statement . Among her many roles , Peña is known for appearing as the mother of a character played by Sofia Vergara in the ABC sitcom "  Modern Family . " She 's played on both the big and small screens during her more than three-decade career . She also tried her hand at directing , becoming only the fourth Latina member of the Director 's Guild of America when she joined , the statement said . Other career highlights include roles in "  Down and Out in Beverly Hills , " "  La Bamba " and "  Rush Hour . " Hers was the voice of the sultry Mirage in the Disney-Pixar hit "  The Incredibles . " Most recently , Peña appeared in the TV drama "  Matador . " "  I am stunned and heartbroken , just found out about the passing of my friend Elizabeth Peña . She was such a Life Force it 's hard to believe , " tweeted actor Lou Diamond Phillips , who starred in "  La Bamba . " "  Elizabeth was not only an amazing actress , she was one of the most vibrant , wonderful people I have ever known . My prayers to her family , " he said . Peña was born in Elizabeth , New Jersey , and she graduated from New York 's High School of Performing Arts in 1977 . She is survived by her mother , a sister , her husband , and two children . AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	"  I am stunned and heartbroken , " tweets actor Lou Diamond Phillips Elizabeth Peña died Tuesday of natural causes after a brief illness , her manager says She recently appeared mother of Gloria  Sofia Vergara  in "  Modern Family " She
CNN  Two Alabama college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break at Florida 's Panama City Beach . Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee , students at Troy University , were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators , according to a statement from the Bay County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office . The Troy , Alabama , Police Department found video of what appeared to be a Panama City gang rape during the course of an investigation into an unrelated shooting . The video was turned over to the Bay County Sheriff 's Office . The Bay County Sheriff 's Office Criminal Investigations Division has identified the victim in the video but said state law prevents the office from releasing any information about her . She was a visitor in Panama City . "  We are not releasing her location or any additional information on victim to protect her from further trauma , " said sheriff 's spokesman Tommy Ford . After interviewing witnesses , Bay County investigators determined the alleged rape took place sometime from March 10 , 2015 , to March 12 , 2015 , behind Spinnaker Beach Club , a popular bar and dance club for spring breakers . A statement from Troy University confirmed the two men are current students . "  The students have been placed on temporary suspension from school per the university 's standards of conduct and disciplinary procedures . Martistee , a member of the track and field team , has also been removed from the team . " The investigation continues and more arrests are expected , the Bay County Sheriff 's Office said . Calhoun and Martistee will have their first court appearance Saturday morning , a Bay County deputy said . CNN could not determine if the men have attorneys .	Case begins when police find video of what appears to be a gang rape 2 students from Troy University in Alabama are charged in the case
CNN  Saudi Arabia has executed a second Indonesian maid despite protests from Jakarta , which is itself facing fierce criticism for its failure to heed calls for clemency for a number of foreigners on death row . The Indonesian government summoned the Saudi ambassador to the foreign ministry on Thursday after learning that 37-year-old Karni Bt . Medi Tarsim had been beheaded , without official warning . Karni was sentenced to death in March 2013 for killing her employer 's four-year-old child . She was the second Indonesian domestic worker executed by the Saudis this week , following the death of Siti Zaenab Bt . Duhri Rupa on Tuesday -- the execution again carried out with Indonesian officials receiving no prior warning . "  That is our main issue . It 's not that suddenly there was an execution . We did n't know when it would take place . Still , we took over a hundred steps to try to free  Siti  from execution , " said Arrmanatha Nasir , spokesman for Indonesia 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs . Siti , 47 , was convicted of killing her employer 's wife in 1999 , but the death penalty was delayed until the youngest of the victim 's sons reached puberty and was old enough to consider requesting her pardon . He did n't . Rights groups say they suspect Siti was mentally ill and cast aspersions on claims she had confessed to the crime . Amnesty International also said reports suggested she had been abused while working in the victim 's home . "  Imposing the death penalty and executing someone with a suspected mental illness smacks of a basic lack of humanity , " said Philip Luther , Middle East and North Africa Programme Director at Amnesty International . In a statement , the Indonesian government said the protection of its citizens abroad was a "  priority " and listed the attempts it had made to help Siti , including providing legal aid , writing letters to the Saudi King and "  continuous efforts ... to ask for forgiveness from the family . " Indonesia said in many cases its efforts had worked . From July 2011 to the end of March this year , it said it had "  successfully freed " 238 of its citizens from the death penalty . One of those was Satinah Binti Jumadi Ahmad who was sentenced to death in 2011 after reportedly admitting to killing her 70-year-old employer and stealing $ 10,000 . Satinah claimed she acted in self-dense . Days before her scheduled execution , the Indonesian government stepped in with so-called "  blood money " of 7 million Saudi riyals -- at the time worth about $ 1.8 million . Satinah was spared . Indonesia 's efforts to save its own citizens does not sit well with advocates who are seeking the same mercy for foreigners languishing on Indonesia 's death row . Two of the most high profile cases are Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran , Australians convicted of attempting to smuggle heroin from Bali to Australia in 2005 . Friday marks the 10-year anniversary of their arrest with seven other people -- members of the so-called "  Bali Nine " -- who are currently serving lengthy sentences in Indonesian prisons . As the alleged ringleaders , Chan and Sukumaran were sentenced to death , and denied clemency from President Jokowi Widodo , a decision being challenged through the country 's Constitutional Court . "  If Indonesia wants to effectively protect Indonesians from the death penalty abroad , Indonesia should also abolish the death penalty here , " said Todung Mulya Lubis , one of the men 's lawyers . Chan , 31 , and Sukumaran -- who also turns 34 on Friday -- are currently incarcerated on Nusakambangan Island in preparation for their execution but no date has been set . Human Rights Watch called on Widodo to suspend all planned executions in Indonesia -- as the previous government did between 2008 and 2013 . No executions were carried out in 2014 , but earlier this year , six people -- including five foreigners -- faced the firing squad . "  The executions of two Indonesian citizens in Saudi Arabia in a single week should be a turning point on the subject of death penalty in Indonesia , " said Andreas Harsono , the Indonesian researcher for Human Rights Watch . "  Please stop the lecture of sovereignty . It is so old fashioned . " Before news of the second execution emerged on Thursday , the Indonesian Ministry of Foreign Affairs held a press briefing to denounce the Saudi action . When asked whether Jakarta 's complaints smacked of hypocrisy , given the country 's refusal to spare foreigners on death row , spokesman Arrmanatha Nasir said : "  If you read our constitution , it is the job , the role of the government to protect its citizens , right ? So it 's not a double standard . " "  On the issue of death penalty , we can have a long debate whether it is against human rights or it is morally wrong or right . That 's a whole other discussion , that 's a whole other argument , but what we 're saying now here is we are implementing our laws and we are adhering to our constitution that we have to protect our citizens abroad . "	Indonesia protests executions , says did n't receive formal warnings Both women had worked as domestic helpers in Saudi Arabia before being convicted of murder
CNN  -- Dr. Angela Sauaia and her colleagues intended to study the impact modernized playground equipment had on lowering children 's injury rates . They ended up studying kids ' injury rates from guns instead . The associate professor of public health , medicine and surgery at the University of Colorado 's Anschutz Medical Campus in Aurora said she was neither motivated by the recent mass shooting in her area nor driven by politics . "  My colleagues and I were doing a study on playground injuries , because they were doing some remodeling projects here , and we wanted to see if that would change the playground injury rate , " Sauaia said . "  When we started coding the trauma data , which includes all types of childhood injuries that turn up at these trauma centers , and we noticed the morbid pattern of gun violence-related injuries for children ... that shifted the focus of the study to document violence related to injuries involving gunshots . " The data , she said , showed a surprising number of children were being injured , many of them seriously , by guns . "  We had the impression that mass shootings caused so many injuries and those normally do get a lot of national attention , but in looking at the numbers , gun violence was happening to children on a routine basis , and it was mostly happening out of the spotlight , " Sauaia said . "  These are not isolated tragedies . " She and her colleagues knew they were on to something , putting together a research letter called "  Firearm Injuries of Children and Adolescents in 2 Colorado Trauma Centers : 2000-2008 , " which was published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The data covers some of the years between the two mass shootings in the Denver area -- the 1999 one at Columbine High School that resulted in 13 deaths and more than 20 injuries before the shooters took their own lives , and July 's mass shooting at a movie theater in Aurora that killed 12 people and wounded 58 . Columbine survivor : No child should worry about gunmen "  In the years we studied , we did n't expect to see this many childhood injuries due to everyday gun violence , " Sauaia said . "  And far too many of these were self-inflicted . " Intentionality was difficult to determine from the data -- some of the self-inflicted wounds were suicide , while others appeared accidental in nature . The bottom line , said Sauaia : Children having access to guns . "  No matter what side you are on in the gun debate , I 've never met a person that believes kids should have easy access to guns , " Sauaia said . "  The data clearly shows this is a real public health concern for children . " Overall , 6,920 youths were injured and cared for by these trauma centers between 2000 and 2008 , according to the research . Of those , 129 had injuries from firearms , and those injuries were extremely serious compared with the others . Of the gun injuries , 50.4 % required intensive care , compared with 19.3 % for other trauma-related injuries . Some 13.2 % died , compared with the 1.7 % injured in another way . A total of 14 % of the gunshot wounds were coded as "  self-inflicted . " Once-unlikely win for gun control in Colorado The research is a good and descriptive small-scale study , said Jon Vernick , an associate professor and co-director of the Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research , but it also is a good reminder that public health experts need to do more of this kind of research . "  This study shows firearm injures are more likely to result in a death or a treatment in the ICU than other injuries , " he said . "  That should make the case for how important it is to find ways to prevent those kinds of injuries from occurring . " Historically , he argued , public health studies such as this one have led to positive changes . Because people studied why car accidents happened in the 1960s , for instance , public health advocates knew how to improve injury rates from such crashes , Vernick said . Consequently , such injuries declined dramatically . "  They did n't just try to make drivers safer or try to criminalize  drunken  driving -- that alone would n't have worked , " Vernick said . "  Because we had the research , we also knew we had to make cars safer , make the environment safer , change the social norm to make it socially unacceptable to drive drunk . "  All of this concerted effort was a public health success story , and it came about because we had the research . We have n't had the same robust research agenda on gun violence over the last two decades , and so we are not seeing the same dramatic decline in deaths and injuries . " How we can keep kids from shooting people Data , Sauaia said , are available from trauma centers , but there is limited funding for studies . Federal funding for gun research , however , is rare , outside of federal grants that are available to study other injuries . That 's deliberate . Since 1996 , federal law has prohibited all Department of Health and Human Services agencies , including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health from using funds , "  in whole or in part , to advocate or promote gun control . " The National Rifle Association pushed for the legislation , maintaining that government research into gun violence is unnecessary . "  What works to reduce gun violence is to make sure that criminals are prosecuted and those who have been found to be a danger to themselves or others do n't have access to firearms , " NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam told CNN in January , "  not to carry out more studies . " How the NRA wields its influence A strongly worded editorial published in JAMA Internal Medicine in January called the federal government 's "  neglect " of firearm injuries as a public health issue a "  national shame . " It asked President Barack Obama to "  make a concerted effort to get the restrictive language about using federal funds ... out of future appropriations bills . " "  If the United States were to get serious about preventing firearms-related injuries and deaths , thousands of lives could be saved each year , " the authors wrote . "  We can wait no longer to protect public health . " Sauaia said she wants her paper to inform today 's debate and inspire other projects . "  We do know a lot more about how someone died of a heart attack than just how many people were injured by guns , " Sauaia said . "  The data is out there ; we just need the funding to be able to do this kind of work , and then hopefully we can find ways to address this major public health problem . " Doctors asked to participate in gun debate	A study of Colorado trauma center data finds a high number of kids ' gun injuries Expert : More of this kind of research should be done Federal law prevents agencies from using funds to promote gun control
CNN  -- A Cleveland man was indicted Thursday in the killings of two women , cases that were resurrected after the discovery of three women held captive for years by Ariel Castro . Elias Acevedo Sr. , 49 , was charged with 293 counts , including aggravated murder , rape and kidnapping , said Timothy McGinty , the Cuyahoga County prosecutor . Acevedo is accused of strangling 30-year-old Pamela Pemberton on October , 24 , 1994 , and leaving her body in a vacant lot , according to the indictment and authorities . Last week , the FBI 's Violent Crime Task Force linked Acevedo to the murder of Christina Adkins , who disappeared in 1995 at age 18 , McGinty said . Remains believed to be those of Adkins were found this month in a utility vault near the intersection of interstates 71 , 90 and 490 , the prosecutor said . As a result of the finding , the grand jury indicted Acevedo on murder charges in that case , too . Acevedo was indicted earlier this year in a 1993 rape , which occurred near where Pemberton 's body was found the next year , McGinty said . Bret Jordan , Acevedo 's attorney in the 1993 case , declined to comment on the latest indictments . Acevedo is expected to be arraigned on the new charges next week . Jordan said he will find out at the arraignment whether he has been assigned the new case . Acevedo was arrested earlier this year in the same Cleveland neighborhood where authorities found Amanda Berry , Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus and Michelle Knight in May at Castro 's two-story home . Castro , who pleaded guilty to 937 counts , was found hanged with a bedsheet in his jail cell on September 3 . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Elias Acevedo , 49 , has been charged with 293 counts , including rape and murder Acevedo is accused of strangling 30-year-old Pamela Pemberton He also is accused of killing Christina Adkins , who disappeared in 1995 Authorities believe they found Adkins remains this month
The Chicago Board of Education voted Wednesday to close 50 schools , a controversial move that drew sharp criticism from the city 's teachers union . The vote comes two months after officials announced plans to shutter the schools . The closures "  will consolidate underutilized schools and programs to provide students with the quality , 21st century education they need to succeed in the classroom , " Chicago Public Schools said in a statement Wednesday . The Chicago Teachers Union opposed the closures , which it said would disproportionately affect African-American students . "  Today is a day of mourning for the children of Chicago . Their education has been hijacked by an unrepresentative , unelected corporate school board , acting at the behest of a mayor who has no vision for improving the education of our children , " said Karen Lewis , the union 's president . "  Closing schools is not an education plan . It is a scorched earth policy . " In a written statement , Lewis said district officials had manufactured "  the underutilization crisis , " and that shuttering the schools will not save a significant amount of money . The union also had warned that the move would expose students to gang violence and turf wars , an apparent reference to neighborhood loyalties . The union went on strike last year . The city 's nearly 30,000 teachers walked out on September 10 , objecting to a longer school day , evaluations tied to student performance and job losses from school closings . With school districts across the country dealing with financial shortfalls and pressures to make reforms , the strike quickly gained national attention . It pitted the teachers union against Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel , who spoke in support of the school closings in March . "  This decision has been delayed for a decade , and it 's our children and our city that have paid the price for inaction , " he said . "  Consolidating schools is the best way to make sure all of our city 's students get the resources they need to succeed in the classroom . " CPS currently has 403,000 students , with seats for more than 511,000 , and close to 140 of its 681 schools are more than half empty , according to the district .	Union leader : "  Closing schools is not an education plan . It is a scorched earth policy " School officials say their plan to shutter 50 "  underutilized " schools will help students They announced plans to close the schools two months ago Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel has said he supports the school closings
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- A record crowd in Cairo 's Tahrir Square swelled Tuesday afternoon , a sea of Egyptians from every walk of life in a demonstration dubbed the "  march of millions . " Tens of thousands prayed on their knees on the asphalt in unison under the sprawling city 's winter sun , and then chanted "  leave , leave " in a deafening roar to their president , Hosni Mubarak . As the throngs congregated , Egypt 's Nile TV showed live pictures of car traffic crossing a bridge over the Nile River , with bulletins announcing that a curfew would be imposed again on Tuesday starting at 3 p.m. Soldiers and plain-clothed security officers searched demonstrators and controlled access to Tahrir , or Liberation Square , which has been the focal point of protests against Egypt 's embattled Mubarak , 82 . After the first lines of security , scores of self-appointed volunteers from the protest movement conducted their own searches of bags , and ordered arriving people to show their identity cards as they streamed in . One man handed out leaflets , urging demonstrators to behave in front of foreign journalists covering the event . "  As you know all media organizations are here to follow your efforts , " the leaflet read , "  In order to show Egypt in a positive light , we insist that you follow a peaceful approach in expressing your requests and ideas . " Men and women continued a practice that has sprung up here over the last week ... standing alone in the street , holding up hand-made signs , and posing proudly for the cell phone photos of passers-by . "  Mubarak has been here since Ronald Reagan , " shouted one man , who held up a sign that said "  Get Out Mubarak " in English . Said El Sisi , 23 , said he and his father and brother traveled two hours on five different buses from their village outside Cairo to attend the demonstration . "  I 'd like to see change in my country , " El Sisi said , as he walked slowly with hordes of people through security checkpoints towards the square . "  I 'd like to see a president in Egypt every eight years like in other countries . ... this is just the country of rich people . I graduated from university and I speak four languages but I ca n't find a job because of nepotism and corruption . To do anything you have to pay money . " Many Egyptian opposition parties have embraced today 's demonstration , which was promoted through fliers and leaflets , since the government has shut down almost all of the internet connections in the country . "  Today we are all together in Tahrir Square , " said George Issac , a member of the opposition group Kefaya , which means "  Enough " in English . "  This revolution is a revolution of the young generation . We are just supporters , " Issac said . He claimed Egypt 's long repressed opposition parties were working together with one goal , to remove President Hosni Mubarak . In another part of Cairo , an aide to Ayman Nour said the former opposition candidate for president was holding talks with officials from the liberal secular opposition Al Wafd party . "  You can not call us Kefaya or Muslim Brotherhood or leftists or anything , " Issac explained . "  We talk today as Egyptians . " But Issac also said his party opposed the announced goal of some demonstrators , who planned to march from Tahrir Square to the Presidential Palace . "  I send a message for all the demonstrators . Do n't leave the square , " Issac said , in a telephone interview with CNN . A march of tens of thousands of people , if not more , would put the protesters in tense confrontations with the Egyptian troops who have established checkpoints throughout the city . At the outskirts of Tahrir Square , army officers drove a truck blaring patriotic music from loudspeakers . On Monday , the military announced it would not use force against the demonstrators . "  The presence of the armed forces in the Egyptian streets is for your benefit to protect your safety and peace , " an unnamed military spokesman announced on state television Monday night . "  Your armed forces will not use violence against this great people , who have always played a significant role in every moment of Egypt 's great history . " And deeper in the throngs of jubilant protesters , one of the men who searched arriving participants wore a camouflage military uniform underneath civilian pants and jacket in an apparent effort to blend in with the crowd .	Crowds chant for Mubarak to leave Tahrir Square is the focal point of protests Opposition parties embrace the demonstration
CNN  Oprah 's in there . So 's Bill Murray , George Clooney , Scarlett Johansson , Jerry Seinfeld , Howard Stern , Tina Fey , Michael Keaton and Ray Romano . On Tuesday , "  The Late Show with David Letterman " announced some of the guests for the talk show host 's final month of broadcasts . The last "  Late Show " will air Wednesday , May 20 . Among the notables are Oprah Winfrey , with whom Letterman has had an on-and-off faux feud for years ; Clooney , who 's starring in "  Tomorrowland , " which will be released on May 22 ; and Stern , who 's always an engaging Letterman guest . But longtime fans may be even more intrigued by the appearances of Keaton , an old acquaintance who once shared a stage with Letterman as players on Mary Tyler Moore 's short-lived 1978 variety show , and Murray , who was the very first guest on Letterman 's old NBC show , "  Late Night with David Letterman . " Steve Martin , who 's taken part in some of the "  Late Show 's " best bits , will also be dropping by . Letterman has been a late-night host for 33 years , close to 22 of them on CBS ' "  Late Show . " Stephen Colbert will take over the "  Late Show " on September 8 .	"  The Late Show with David Letterman " concludes May 20 Letterman 's guests will include Oprah Winfrey and Bill Murray Stephen Colbert takes over the slot September 8
CNN  -- Gary Oldman is doubling down on his apology for his recent Playboy interview . The British actor appeared on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " on Wednesday to say in person what he 's already said to the Anti-Defamation League in a letter : He very much regrets the remarks he made to Playboy about Jewish people and Hollywood . Gary Oldman apologizes for remarks "  I said some things that were poorly considered , " a subdued Oldman told Kimmel . "  Once I saw it in print , I could see that it was offensive , insensitive , pernicious and ill-informed . " In the Playboy interview , Oldman gives his unfiltered opinion on political correctness and how it 's impacted controversial actors like Alec Baldwin and Mel Gibson , the latter of whom has used anti-Semitic language in the past . "  Mel Gibson is in a town that 's run by Jews and he said the wrong thing because he 's actually bitten the hand that I guess has fed him -- and does n't need to feed him anymore because he 's got enough dough , " Oldman told the magazine . "  But some Jewish guy in his office somewhere has n't turned and said , ` That f**king kraut ' or ` F**k those Germans , ' whatever it is ? We all hide and try to be so politically correct . That 's what gets me . It 's just the sheer hypocrisy of everyone . " Gary Oldman goes off on hypocrisy , political correctness Within a day of Playboy releasing its interview , Oldman wrote the ADL to tell it he was "  deeply remorseful " for what he said . And on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live , " Oldman took the extra step to also apologize to his fans . "  Words have meaning , and they carry weight long after you 've said them , " he said . "  I do n't condone or excuse the words that I used in any context . ... I am profoundly , profoundly sorry and deeply apologetic . Especially to the fans , they 've been so incredible to me , and I really feel that I let them down . ... I 'm a public figure , I should be an example and an inspiration . And I 'm an a-hole . I 'm 56 , and I should know better . " Oldman also thanked Kimmel for giving him the opportunity to appear on the show and speak his piece , to which Kimmel replied , "  I 'm so happy that someone has to apologize on this show , and it 's not me for once . "	Gary Oldman gave an apology on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " Wednesday The Kimmel appearance followed a written apology Oldman was under fire for remarks in Playboy about Jewish people and Hollywood
CNN  -- The parents of a New York Rangers player found dead in his apartment have decided to donate his brain to Boston University researchers studying the effects of concussion in athletes , a medical examiner 's office said Sunday . New York Rangers enforcer Derek Boogaard was found dead Friday in his Minneapolis apartment . An autopsy was conducted Saturday , according to the Hennepin County Medical Examiner 's office in Minnesota , which confirmed that Boogaard 's parents signed papers to donate Boogaard 's brain . The office has not released a cause of death , saying it was waiting for toxicology test results that might not be determined for several weeks . Dr. Robert Stern , co-director for Boston University 's Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy , confirmed Sunday that the family has donated Boogard 's brain to the VA CSTE Brain Bank for study . The center has a donation registry for athletes to study effects of trauma on the brain and spinal cord . Boogaard , 28 , began his NHL career with the Minnesota Wild . The Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , native joined the Rangers last July and appeared in 22 games during the 2010-11 season . "  Derek was an extremely kind and caring individual , " New York Rangers President Glen Sather said on the team 's website . "  He was a very thoughtful person , who will be dearly missed by all those who knew him . We extend our deepest sympathies to his family , friends and teammates during this difficult time . " Boogaard supported the Defending the Blue Line Foundation , a nonprofit that ensures the children of military personnel get the opportunity to play hockey . While with the Rangers , he created "  Boogaard 's Booguardians , " which hosted military families at home games , according to the website . CNN 's Stephanie Smith contributed to this report .	The cause of the death of Derek Boogaard has not been determined Boogaard was found dead Friday in his Minneapolis apartment The 28-year-old hockey player joined the New York Rangers in July
Concord , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Republican Scott Brown used the latest potential Ebola case -- this time , a doctor in New York -- to blast President Barack Obama 's handling of the virus outbreak in a debate against New Hampshire Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen Thursday night . It was a local debate that turned on national issues as Brown called for a ban on travel from the West African epicenter of the outbreak and defended his suggestion that Ebola could come across the border with Mexico . He blasted Obama 's appointment of Ron Klain as the nation 's Ebola response coordinator as someone "  with no experience in his field . " He criticized Shaheen for not voting to close the U.S. border with Mexico . And he complained that the New York doctor should have been quarantined when he returned to the United States . Brown even said the Ebola threat would be minimized if Republican Mitt Romney had been elected president . "  Had he been president , I feel he would have had a clear and concise plan . He would have reassured the American people , " Brown said . Shaheen , meanwhile , criticized Brown for "  fear-mongering about this issue , " and said neither she nor Brown have medical expertise on the issue . But Brown shot back that "  she calls it fear-mongering ; I call it rational fear . " The exchange -- in a debate being moderated by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer and held at the NH1 studios in New Hampshire 's capital city of Concord -- was the latest demonstration of Brown 's effort to nationalize the race -- connecting Shaheen to Obama and national Democrats and accusing them of wobbly responses to threats that have emerged this summer and fall . Brown has focused his campaign on national issues , also blasting President Barack Obama for his handling of ISIS , illegal immigration and a host of other issues -- then latching Shaheen to Obama by pointing to her votes for his initiatives . Shaheen , meanwhile , has questioned the former Massachusetts senator 's move into New Hampshire , casting him as a political opportunist and accusing him of being vague on his support for abortion rights , equal pay for women and more . The two have both dodged answers about whether they would support their parties ' leaders -- Democrat Harry Reid and Republican Mitch McConnell -- for majority leader . Entering Thursday night 's debate , the race was a dead heat . A new CNN/ORC International poll found Shaheen with 49 percent support to Brown 's 47 percent -- well inside its margin of error of plus or minus four percentage points . Brown 's favorability rating was underwater , with 50 percent of the likely voters surveyed saying they have unfavorable views of him versus 48 percent saying their views are favorable . Shaheen , meanwhile , scored a 52 percent favorability rating . However , the race could turn on whether Shaheen is able to keep on her side voters who have turned on Obama . His approval rating dropped to 39 percent in New Hampshire -- which has driven Brown 's efforts to connect Shaheen with the president . Related : Poll shows dead heat in New Hampshire It was what dozens of supporters of both candidates were talking about while cheering and chanting for their favored candidates outside the NH1 studio before the debate started . Alice Chamberlin , a 64-year-old environmental lawyer from Warner who stopped by to pick up a pro-Shaheen sign before the debate , said some voters are turned off by Brown 's approach . "  I think you can talk about the national issues all you want . People get that Scott Brown is just using us for a national stage , " she said . She pointed to Shaheen 's support for equal pay and access to health care as issues that will help drive Democratic-leaning voters to the polls , and praised Shaheen 's deep political ties to New Hampshire , including her three two-year terms as governor . "  We who have lived here for a long time -- and I 've lived here since 1976 -- know what she 's done , " she said in a veiled shot at Brown , the former Massachusetts senator . Brown supporters said he has more than enough connections to the state . "  I think anybody that was born in this state has every state to run for Senate in the state that they were born in , " said Paul Schibbelhute , a 59-year-old mechanical engineer from Nashua who said he had crossed into Massachusetts in 2010 to volunteer for Brown 's campaign there . He said the "  biggest issue " in the race is that Shaheen has backed Obama 's policies in the vast majority of her Senate votes , calling her "  carte blanche for the president . "	Ebola was the first issue as candidates squared off at a CNN / NH1 debate in New Hampshire Former Sen. Scott Brown said Ebola presents a "  rational fear " and the government should do more Sen. Jeanne Shaheen accused him of "  fearmongering "
December 12 , 2014 From the Sierra Nevada mountains to the shores of Central America , today 's show takes you over land and sea . We 're reporting on the monster storm soaking parts of the West Coast , the proposed canal that could change the landscape of Nicaragua , and the benefits and limitations of a popular power source . Plug in , log on , and power up with Friday 's edition of CNN Student News . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click this space for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . The U.S. temporarily delayed its plans to reduce troop numbers in what Middle Eastern country ? 2 . Saccharin , sucralose and aspartame are all artificial examples of what ? 3 . From October to November , the U.S. unemployment rate remained at what percentage ? 4 . What herbivore , native to Africa and Asia , has been reduced to endangered status by poachers seeking its horns ? 5 . What inventor of the light bulb and record player was once told he was too stupid to learn anything ? 6 . Name the world 's largest museum complex , which began utilizing 3D imaging to scan detailed artifacts . 7 . New York and the New England region of the U.S. were hit by what type of wet and windy storm this week ? 8 . If the president and vice president can no longer serve , what position in the U.S. government is next in line for the presidency ? 9 . What U.S. mountain range has seen hurricane-force wind gusts and blizzard warnings as a result of a storm hitting the West Coast ? 10 . Lawmakers and investors are planning to build a new and controversial canal through what Central American nation ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- Singer and model Joanne Borgella , an "  American Idol " contestant in 2008 , died on Saturday at age 32 after a battle with cancer , her family said on her Facebook page . "  With heavy hearts , we are deeply saddened to announce the passing of our beloved Joanne , " the family wrote . "  Although our family is suffering with this great loss , we find comfort in the closeness Joanne shared with the Lord . We know her spirit still shines and will continue to live on in heaven . " The New York-born Haitian-American entertainer made it to the top 24 of "  American Idol 's " seventh season , three years after appearing on "  Mo'Nique 's Fat Chance , " a contest for plus-size models . She went on to model professionally for brands such as Ashley Stewart , Macy 's and Nordstrom , and created her own jewelry and plus-size clothing line . She also appeared on "  Curvy Girls , " which airs on English-language Latino network NUVOtv . "  All of us at NUVOtv are deeply saddened at the news of Joanne Borgella 's passing . We are thankful to have known such a courageous woman with a beautiful voice who brought passion , faith and heart to everything she did . Our thoughts and prayers are with her family at this very difficult time , " NUVOtv spokeswoman Diane Castro said . Borgella went public with her throat cancer diagnosis last year in a YouTube video , telling fans that it had spread to her chest . Since then she has documented her treatment on Facebook . After news of her passing spread , fans flooded her page with tributes , calling her a role model and inspiration for plus-size women and aspiring performers . As one fan said , "  Thank you for showing the world plus size is beautiful . " People we 've lost in 2014	Singer and model Joanne Borgella dies after battle with cancer Borgella made it to top 24 of "  American Idol " season 7 Borgella went on to model professionally and create her own jewelry and clothing lines Borgella documented her battle with cancer on Facebook page
CNN  -- The Muslim month of fasting , Ramadan , ended this week , marked across the Islamic world by the feasts of Eid el Fitr . Traditionally a time spent with family at home , Ramadan has also become a time for reflection for many Syrians displaced by conflict in the country . According to the UN Refugee Agency  UNCHR  , the refugee camp at Za'atari in Jordan is home to around 145,000 Syrians who have fled the ongoing violence . Life there is difficult for its residents , and other Syrians who have found themselves living far from home across the region , from Beirut in Lebanon to Egypt 's capital Cairo . Photographers from the UNCHR captured the period on camera and discovered that , supported by their memories and dreams , those living in Za'atari could work through the struggles of life as a refugee and still observe the holy period .	Syrians in Za'atari refugee camp in Jordan marked Ramadan in different ways Many reflected on the lives they had in their home country It is a difficult recent past and uncertain future for many
London  CNN  -- The cleanup operation continued Tuesday , a day after a major Atlantic storm pummeled England , France , Belgium , Germany , the Netherlands and Denmark , killing at least 13 people . Hurricane-force winds early Monday caused major disruption to travel and power supplies . In Britain , 61,000 homes remained without electricity Tuesday , after power was restored to 100,000 properties overnight , said Tim Field , a spokesman for the Energy Networks Association , which represents British and Irish power operators . Overall , 605,000 properties have been reconnected , he told CNN . Energy companies said they were working to restore power as quickly as possible . Rail services were largely running again across southern England on Tuesday , a day after fallen trees caused chaos as they blocked rail lines and roads . London 's Heathrow Airport , where the number of flights was reduced Monday because of the severe weather , said operations were returning to normal Tuesday . At least two storm-related deaths were confirmed Monday in England , and a third person was missing after being swept out to sea . Police in Kent said a 17-year-old girl was killed when a tree fell on the home where she was sleeping in Hever , south of London . A man in his 50s was killed when a tree fell on a vehicle in Watford , northwest of London , according to Hertfordshire police . Authorities suspect two other UK deaths may be related to the storm . A man and a woman died -- and a third person was hospitalized -- as a result of a gas explosion in Hounslow in west London , London 's Metropolitan Police said . Investigators were checking whether a fallen tree damaged gas pipes and caused the blast . Deaths were also reported elsewhere in Europe . Seven people were killed in Germany , German media reported , some by fallen trees . A woman in the city of Heiligenhafen was killed when a wall supporting a terrace fell on her . A tourist was killed by a falling tree in Amsterdam , police said . In France , the body of a woman was found on a beach near Belle-Ile . Witnesses said she was swept away by a wave . Officials said 42,000 homes in northern France were without electricity . Overnight , the number of homes in France without power peaked at 75,000 . High winds also tore across Denmark , where at least two people were killed , according to the Copenhagen Post . Search suspended As the storm approached , UK rescuers had to suspend their search for a missing teenager believed to have been swept out to sea . The unidentified teenager disappeared from Newhaven , East Sussex , on the southern coast , according to the Royal National Lifeboat Institution . The strongest wind gusts in England -- 99 mph -- were recorded on the Isle of Wight , which is off the southern coast , the Met Office said . Network Rail , which manages Britain 's rail infrastructure , said Monday that more than 100 trees were on rails in the network across the southeast . Weather forecasters had said before the storm arrived that it could be the region 's worst in a decade . But conditions were not as severe as those during the Great Storm of 1987 , which was responsible for the deaths of 18 people in Britain and four in France . In 1990 , the Burns Day Storm left a trail of destruction from the Isles of Scilly to Denmark , killing 100 people , including 47 in the British Isles , according to the Met Office . CNN 's Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Power is restored to many UK homes , but 61,000 remain without electricity At least 13 deaths are reported across Northern Europe Gusts close to 100 mph battered the southern coast of England The storm also rammed Germany , France , Belgium , the Netherlands and Denmark
CNN  -- Lawyers for a leading Kenyan presidential contender want the International Criminal Court to take a step backward in his trial for alleged human rights violations , saying a crucial prosecution witness lied . Uhuru Kenyatta is the current deputy prime minister and a frontrunner in the presidential election next month . His defense is seeking a review of the case , saying doing so will avoid "  a serious miscarriage " of justice . Kenyan leaders to stand trial on human rights violations In a document released Wednesday , Kenyatta 's lawyers said a witness identified as "  OTP-4 " lied about attending a meeting that the candidate was allegedly holding with the Mungiki , an outlawed sect of fighters . Mungiki fighters are alleged to have conducted bloody attacks during the aftermath of the 2007 disputed elections . The ICC has said Kenyatta and a co-perpetrator directed the outlawed sect to attack opposition members and rival tribes during the postelection unrest . ICC to present charges in Kenyan postelection violence Following the revelation about "  OTP-4 , " the ICC dropped the witness from the proceedings , according to the defense . Prosecutor 's documents now do n't show any evidence that Kenyatta attended the meeting , the defense said . "  In the circumstances , a key fact underlying the confirmed charges has been established to be based upon a lie , " the lawyers said . Despite the claims , the ICC said the trial will continue as planned April 10 and 11 . "  The channel to respond to all submissions presented to the Chamber by any party to proceedings before the court is through a filing to the judges and not through the media , " the court said in a statement . Kenyatta and his alleged co-perpetrator Francis Muthaura are among four people accused in the postelection violence , which left more than 1,000 people dead and hundreds of thousands displaced . The court 's pretrial chamber confirmed charges against the four last year . Kenya had earlier challenged the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court , saying its own authorities would investigate and prosecute the cases . Kenyatta hails from an influential political family in the east African nation . He is the son of Kenya 's founding father , Jomo Kenyatta .	Uhuru Kenyatta 's lawyers say a witness lied about attending a meeting The ICC says the trial will continue as planned in April Kenyatta and three others will stand trial on human rights violations
MOGADISHU , Somalia  CNN  -- An enraged crowd dragged the body of an Ethiopian soldier through the streets of Somalia 's capital Thursday after gun battles with Islamic insurgents killed 19 people , witnesses reported . In a brutal echo of a 1993 battle involving Somali militias in which the bodies of U.S. troops were dragged through the streets , crowds Thursday shouted "  God is great " as they pulled the bruised , bullet-riddled corpse through a dusty Mogadishu neighborhood . The body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic when insurgents pulled it out of a car and left it with the crowd in the northern Mogadishu neighborhood of Suqa Holaha , witnesses reported . Nine Ethiopians are reportedly part of the 19 dead . Another battle broke out on the city 's south side Thursday morning between Ethiopian troops and insurgents armed with heavy machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades . The fighting drove hundreds more people from their homes , on top of the tens of thousands aid agencies say have fled in recent weeks . "  Ethiopians will launch violent attacks on us , for some of their comrades have been killed today , " said Rahma Nor Omar , an elderly woman in the capital . "  They will be like wounded animals . " Witnesses put the death toll from the day 's clashes at 19 , including Ethiopian troops , insurgents and civilians . Ethiopian troops arrived in Somalia in December 2006 to help a weak Somali government drive the Islamic Courts Union out of Mogadishu and restore a U.N.-backed transitional government after a decade and a half of near-anarchy . The Islamists responded by launching an insurgency against Somali government and Ethiopian troops that has lasted nearly a year . The United States accused the ICU of harboring suspected al Qaeda figures , including three men wanted in the 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Tanzania and Kenya , and raised no objections to Ethiopian presence in Somalia . Washington has long been concerned that Somalia could turn into a safe haven for terrorists , but ICU leaders denied harboring al Qaeda suspects . E-mail to a friend	Ethiopian soldier dragged after battle with Islamic insurgents killed 19 people The body was bound hand and foot with wire and wrapped in a sheet of plastic Incident recalls 1993 dragging of U.S. soldier through streets of Mogadishu Washington is concerned Somalia could turn into a safe haven for terrorists
CNN  -- Mass protests unfolded in Syria on Friday , and related unrest reverberated across the Lebanese and Turkish borders in a volatile day that left at least nine people dead . Rami Abdelrahman of the London-based Syria Observatory for Human Rights said four people died in Homs and one in Deir El Zour during demonstrations in Syria . Fighting over the Syrian issue left at least four dead in Lebanon , and the number of Syrian refugees now in Turkey is approaching 10,000 . Protests swarmed several towns big and small across the country , including the Damascus area , Latakia , Homs and Hama , where thousands rallied , Abdelrahman said . There were reports of detained demonstrators and the military deployment of tanks . There were reports of gunfire in Banias , a coastal city , Abdelrahman said . The government 's state-run TV said Syrian security personnel were injured by "  militants " in the Damascus suburb of Al-Qaboun . The Syrian government has consistently blamed the protest casualties on "  armed gangs , " and the TV report said the injuries occurred when the perpetrators opened fire in Al-Qaboun , just outside the capital . Nearly 1,000 people in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli gathered Friday after prayers "  in a demonstration in support for the Syrian people , " the Lebanese National News Agency reported , and fighting ensued between Lebanese Alawites and Sunnis . Clashes in Tripoli killed one soldier and three civilians and injured two soldiers and 10 civilians , the army said . The news agency said one of those killed was an official with the Democratic Arab Party , an Alawite entity . The Lebanese prime minister , Najib Nikati , said the army dispatched reinforcements to Tripoli neighborhoods to impose law and order . The Alawite faith is an offshoot of Shiite Islam that dominates Syrian leadership ; President Bashar al-Assad is an Alawite . The majority of Syrians are Sunni Muslim . There 's been tension between the two groups in Lebanon . Alawites and Sunni/leftist militias fought at different junctures during the 1975-90 civil war until the Syrians established a presence there . The majority of the Sunnis in Tripoli loathe the Syrian regime , but the Alawites in northern Lebanon thrived during the Syrian presence . Tensions have increased between the groups during the most recent Syrian crisis . And as international powers urge Syria to initiate serious reforms and stop its bloody crackdown against demonstrators , Rami Makhlouf , the powerful head of the Syriatel phone company and part of the regime 's inner circle , has announced that he plans to quit his business and go into charity work . Makhlouf , who is the cousin and confidant of al-Assad 's , is widely unpopular among protesters and is a symbol among many citizens of the regime . His move , announced Thursday , is seen by some observers as an effort to placate anti-government sentiment . Abdelrahman said he thinks Makhlouf 's decision came as a result of this week 's talks between Turkey and Syria to find a solution to the crisis and stem the Syrian refugee flow to Turkey . "  The people are aggravated by his control over the economy , " Abdelrahman said . Makhlouf 's name reverberated at one of Friday 's mass demonstrations . A crowd chanted "  No to Makhlouf , no to Assad ; we just want Syria free , " according to an Arabic-language news network . Mass protests with specific themes have been held every Friday for weeks after Muslim prayers . Opposition leaders Friday planned demonstrations dubbed "  Friday of Saleh al-Ali , " referring to a prominent Alawite who commanded one of the first rebellions against the French mandate of Syria in the early 20th century . Some opposition activists said they hope the name prompts the powerful minority ruling class , which is composed primarily of Alawites , to join the demonstrations demanding the fall of the al-Assad regime . They also say the name sends the message that their demands are not directed against Alawites but against the regime . Demonstrators began protests three months ago in the southern city of Daraa and immediately were greeted by a tough government response . Anti-government sentiment caught fire , and protests spread across the country , leaving more than 1,100 dead and thousands more incarcerated . Many Syrians fleeing the violence continued to pour across the Turkish border . Actress Angelina Jolie , who is a goodwill ambassador for the U.N. refugee agency , went to southern Turkey on Friday to visit the refugees , a trip aimed at shining a spotlight on the plight of civilians in the country . She was headed to a camp in Altinozu . Turkey 's state-run Anatolian Agency reported Jolie 's arrival at the Hatay airport . Officials greeted her amid tight security , and provincial officials arranged vans for her transportation to the Altinozu refugee camp . "  Toys unloaded from the plane were loaded to one of the vans in her convoy , " the report said . Refugees there are housed in warehouses at an old tobacco factory , and they staged a demonstration at the camp . They held up signs that said "  Our military is killing its own people , please make it stop " and "  U.N. , help us please , " and people chanted "  stop killing children " and other anti-regime slogans . The number of Syrian refugees in Turkey now stands at 9,693 , according to a provincial Turkish official . Many of them escaped a security crackdown in and around the town of Jisr al-Shugur , and many took refuge in Syrian locations near the border . Gunshots rang out near the border , according to Mohammed , an activist and resident of Jisr al-Shugur based along the border , and people think the Syrian army might be a few miles away . CNN 's Nada Husseini , Arwa Damon and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	At least five deaths are reported in Syria Four people are killed in Lebanon during clashes Angelina Jolie is visiting refugees in southern Turkey Syria state TV reports "  militants " open fire on security
CNN  -- The wait is over for Caroline Wozniacki . The Dane has collected her first title of 2013 in Luxembourg . The 23-year-old eased to a 6-2 6-2 win over German Annika Beck to notch up her 21st career win . Her boyfriend Rory McIlroy , who had finished his day joint second at golf 's Korea Open , posted his congratulations on Twitter . But in Luxembourg , Wozniacki had a special thank you reserved for her four legged friend . "  Thank you to all the fans who came out all week , " the world No. 9 said . "  This is a great event - we all love playing here . "  I also want to thank my dad , and my mom who 's back at the hotel with little Bruno , who 's my dog ! " Wozniacki now heads to the season ending championship in Istanbul as the first reserve . She and American Sloane Stephens , who is the second alternate , can expect to be called up if any of the eight qualified players pull out of the tournament . For now , the former world No. 1 was pleased to notch up her first win in a season where she has struggled to find consistent form . "  Twenty-first title , it 's great , " Wozniacki added . "  I 'm still young - I have a few more years to go - so to be at 21 already is just great . This is what you practice for , so to win is an amazing feeling . " Debut win for Dimitrov There was a breakthrough win for Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov at the Stockholm Open . The 22-year-old , who dates four time grand slam winner Maria Sharapova , came back from one set down to stun world No. 3 David Ferrer and wrap up a 2-6 6-3 6-4 win . "  It 's one of my biggest wins , " said Dimitrov as he celebrated his first ATP World Tour title . "  To beat a top guy in a final , it 's a great feeling and it 's good for your mental state . "  You know you can hang with these guys and the next time you play against them , especially in the grand slams , you will be better prepared . " The Stockholm title also earned Dimitrov $ 131,000 and saw him rise to a career high ranking of 22 . Race to London In Austria , Tommy Haas saw off his namesake Robin Haase 6-3 4-6 6-4 to lift the Erste Bank Open trophy . It was the 35-year-old German 's 15th career and comes 12 years after he won his first title in Vienna . Haas , the world No. 12 , has a very slim chance of reaching next month 's season-ending finale in London . Only the top eight singles players will compete for the World Tour title , although with Andy Murray out of the running because of back surgery there is an extra place up for grabs . Richard Gasquet put himself in the hot seat as victory in Moscow moved the Frenchman to No. 9 in the race to London . Gasquet defeated Kazakhstan 's Mikhail Kukushkin 4-6 6-4 6-4 in the Kremlin Cup final . "  I 'll try my best to qualify , " said Gasquet , who has not played in the season finale since 2007 . "  Two big tournaments are coming up . I 'll try my best . I was close to losing today . But I fought a lot . "  It 's important for me to qualify but the title here is important for me because my opponent played very well . "	Caroline Wozniacki wins her first title of the year at the Luxembourg Open The Dane thanks her dog Bruno in victory speech Bulgarian Grigor Dimitrov wins first ATP Tour title in Stockholm Tommy Haas wins in Austria , Richard Gasquet triumphs in Russia
CNN  A young Muslim man is being hailed as a hero in French newspapers and social media for his actions during Friday 's deadly hostage situation in a Paris supermarket . Lassana Bathily , an employee at the Hyper Cacher kosher supermarket in Vincennes , helped guide a group of hostages into a downstairs walk-in freezer while gunman Amedy Coulibaly was allegedly preparing to kill them , according to French television station , BFMTV . Bathily , a "  practicing Muslim , " says he entered the freezer with some people , then switched off the freezer and the light and told everyone to stay calm , according to BFMTV . "  I 'm the one  who  is going to go out , " he reportedly told them . "  I took the elevator and went upstairs . " " -LSB- Coulibaly -RSB- asked us to all come upstairs , otherwise he would kill everyone who was downstairs , " Bathily , 24 , said to BFMTV . He exited a freight elevator and ran outside . Bathily , originally from Mali , was apprehended by police , but helped them by describing the location of the freezer . "  When -LSB- the hostages -RSB- came out , they congratulated me , " Bathily told BFMTV . The exact number of hostages who remained safe in the freezer is unknown , according to French newspaper L'Express . Coulibaly was killed in the ensuing shootout with police . Authorities said Coulibaly killed four Jewish hostages . Rudi Hadad , among those in the freezer , said that a few others went back upstairs during the incident . Praise was heaped on Bathily via Facebook . Gwadelle Edom said , "  Lass , I have no words to express my pride in you . You put your life in danger to save others . God saw all of it , and his mercy will be without fault . You are blessed in the eyes of humanity . " A man who claims to be Bathily 's cousin , Abdoul Bathily , posted , "  Bravo to my cousin , Lass Bathily , you showed courage yesterday , the rest of the world would not have done it . " France 's "  L'Express " newspaper ran a headline titled , "  Lassana Bathily , ` musulman malien , ' héros de la prise d'otages de Vincennes , " or "  Lassana Bathily , ` Malian Muslim , ' hero of the hostage situation in Vincennes . " Gunman tried to justify market raid to hostages , recording apparently shows	Lassana Bathily hid grocery customers in a walk-in freezer "  When -LSB- the hostages -RSB- came out , they congratulated me , " he told a TV station
As the 74 people on a climate change research ship stuck in the ice in Antarctica readied for New Year 's Eve festivities , authorities revealed plans to send in a rescue helicopter . The Russian-flagged MV Akademik Shokalskiy has not moved in a week since getting stuck in unusually thick ice on Christmas . The people on board say they are holding up fairly well . "  The group on this ship is incredibly collegiate , " said Alok Jha , a science correspondent for The Guardian newspaper , told Anderson Cooper 360 . "  There are a lot of skills and things people are sharing with each other . " Chris Turney , an Australian professor of climate change at the University of New South Wales , said there are regular briefings on the status of rescue attempts , and in the meantime , people are doing what they can to keep busy . That includes yoga and Spanish classes , Jha and Turney said . Turney said it was raining hard Monday , and visibility was deteriorating . The forecast for the next 24 hours called for more of the same . Officials said a helicopter from a nearby Chinese ship will be used in the airlift , but rescuers must wait for conditions to improve . In preparation , crew members of the Akademik Shokalskiy have marked a spot on the ice where the helicopter can land , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said . The helicopter , which can transport 12 people each trip , will take the ship 's 52 passengers -- who include the research team and journalists -- to the Chinese icebreaker Xue Long . An Australian icebreaker , which tried unsuccessfully to reach the research vessel , will send a barge to pick them up . The 22 crew members of the Akademik Shokalskiy will stay aboard , the maritime agency said . "  People are sort of seeing the end in sight and just keeping morale up , " Turney told CNN . "  It 's New Year 's Eve tonight , so there are all sorts of plans . " That includes the singing of an original song written by one of the passengers and dancing , Jha said . And there may be good spirits -- both emotional and alcoholic , Jha and Turney said . The Akademik Shokalskiy passengers said it was n't a bad place to be stuck . The scenery is beautiful . Penguins have been walking up to the ship and sniffing around , checking out their new neighbors . Close , but no rescue The expedition to gauge the effects of climate change on the region began on November 27 . The second and current leg of the trip started on December 8 and was scheduled to conclude with a return to New Zealand on January 4 . The vessel got stuck in the ice 15 days after setting out on the second leg . Turney said the ship was surrounded by ice up to nearly 10 feet  3 meters  thick . It was about 100 nautical miles east of the French base Dumont D'Urville , which is about 1,500 nautical miles south of Hobart , Tasmania . On Christmas morning , the ship sent a satellite distress signal after conditions failed to clear . The Australian icebreaker Aurora Australis suspended efforts early Monday to reach the expedition because of bad weather . The ship got within 10 nautical miles but then turned back . The attempt by the Australian icebreaker followed one by the Xue Long , or Snow Dragon , which was six nautical miles from the trapped vessel when it could n't get any closer because of the ice . It returned to open water and remained in the area to provide support , said Andrea Hayward-Maher , a spokeswoman for the maritime authority .	Passengers preparing for New Year 's Eve festivities It will take at least a day for the weather to improve Helicopter can pick up 12 passengers at a time Barge will ferry them from Chinese ship to Australian vessel
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan hailed the passage of a wide-ranging package of constitutional amendments as a "  milestone for democracy " after voters approved the measures in a Sunday referendum . In a resounding victory for Erdogan and his ruling Justice and Development Party  AKP  , voters approved the 26 amendments by a wide margin Sunday . The country 's current constitution was enacted after a military coup that took place on September 12 , 1980 , 30 years to the day before Sunday 's vote . "  Our nation has said from now on , we go forward , " Erdogan told supporters Sunday night . "  Yes to freedom . Yes to rule of law . No to the law of the rulers . The tutelage of the coup regime is over . " But with more than 96 percent of the votes counted , 58 percent of voters favored the referendum , while 42 percent were opposed , Turkey 's electoral board reported . More coverage at CNN Turk The proposed amendments include articles that would allow collective bargaining for public sector workers and affirmative action measures for women . But when asked what was the most important achievement of the reform package , a senior Erdogan adviser made it clear that the main goal was to overhaul the country 's judiciary . The proposed reforms include amendments to the judicial system , curbs on the power of military courts and an article abolishing the immunity currently enjoyed by the leaders of the 1980 coup . Other measures would guarantee gender equality and put in place measures to protect children , the elderly and the disabled . One of the amendments increases the number of judges on Turkey 's highest court from 11 to 17 . It also grants the parliament , which is controlled by Erdogan 's party , the power to appoint several judges . The senior Erdogan adviser , who who requested anonymity because he is not authorized to speak with the media , told CNN the package would "  break the caste system of the judiciary . " In his victory speech , Erdogan apologized to political rivals he insulted during a bruising and divisive campaign in the run-up to Sunday 's vote . But to thunderous applause , he announced , "  We are going to free the judiciary from an ideological abyss . " Opponents argued that the amendments would further undermine the secular foundations on which modern Turkey was established in 1923 , giving the prime minister too much power over the judiciary and making him a "  modern-day sultan . " Berhan Simsek , head of the main opposition CHP 's Istanbul branch , told CNN that by packaging the judicial changes with less controversial proposals , the AKP had "  coated a poisonous pill with chocolate . " "  This will put all the branches of government into one man 's hand , " Simsek said . "  It will be one-man rule , like Saddam Hussein , or the Fuhrer . " And Hasan Gerceker , the head of Turkey 's Supreme Court of Appeals , this week warned that the changes would politicize the judiciary . But Erdogan said the amendments would bring greater freedom and democracy . "  Can there be anything wiser and more meaningful than going from a coup constitution to the constitution of the people ? " Erdogan told CNN last week . Turkish lawmakers approved the package earlier this year , but not by the two-thirds majority necessary for the government to press ahead without a referendum . The measures have also been ratified by Turkish President Abdullah Gul , Erdogan 's AKP ally . "  People have voted for amendments that signal a desire for change to an outdated system of government , " said Asli Aydintasbas , a columnist with Turkey 's Milliyet newspaper . "  Erdogan clearly has come out of this with a solid mandate . But I do hope he now abandons the harsh rhetoric he has been using during the electoral process and reach out to secularists and the Kurds . " Sunday 's vote is the latest confrontation in a power struggle between Erdogan 's Islamist-rooted party and Turkey 's secularist establishment , which have repeatedly clashed since AKP swept to power eight years ago . The AKP narrowly avoided being banned from politics in 2008 when it was fined by the country 's constitutional court -- one of the last bastions of secular opposition -- for alleged anti-secular activities . The court has also blocked legislation to lift a ban on Islamic headscarves at public universities . "  It started out as a referendum on constitutional reform package but it quickly developed into a confrontation between the government and the opposition . So it 's really become a vote of confidence in the government , " Istanbul-based journalist Andrew Finkel told CNN . Turkey 's main Kurdish political party , the BDP , called on its supporters to boycott the vote altogether , saying their struggle for greater autonomy will continue whatever the result . "  Regardless of who wins , it wo n't stop the war , " Mustafa Avci , the Istanbul co-chairman of the BDP , told CNN . "  The referendum does not recognize the rights of Kurds . " Tensions boiled over in downtown Istanbul on Friday when Kurdish activists attacked buses and police vehicles with stones , wounding at least one bystander . Erdogan insists he will do more to defuse the decades-old simmering conflict which has claimed thousands of lives -- but only after winning the referendum . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Simon Hooper and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	NEW : Erdogan hails passage as a "  milestone for democracy " "  Yes to the rule of law . No to the law of the rulers " Sunday vote comes on 30th anniversary of 1980 military coup Opposition argued changes would undermine Turkey 's secular foundations
CNN  -- The African elephant , one of the world 's most majestic animals , is in danger . In the early 1900s , 5 million elephants roamed the African continent . Then the ivory trade drove them to the brink of extinction , with 90 % of African elephants killed for the ivory in their tusks . In 1989 , the world reacted , imposing a ban on the international trade in ivory passed by the U.N. Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species . Elephant populations stabilized . But today , driven by growing demand for ivory ornaments and carvings in Asia , particularly in China , elephant poaching has returned with a vengeance . The largest slaughter in one year since the 1989 ban was passed happened in 2012 , with up to 35,000 elephants killed . This adds up to nearly 100 a day . Tens of thousands are killed every year . Without action , the day may come when this magnificent creature is known only in history books . Estimates say if elephants continue to be slaughtered at today 's rates , the creatures could be extinct in a decade . Not only do elephants die . The wildlife rangers who try to protect them from poachers are being killed . The illicit trade in ivory -- "  white gold " -- is a billion dollar industry , and because it is illegal , it tends to attract some very bad actors . It is blood ivory : Al-Shabaab , a wing of al Qaeda based in Africa that is responsible for continued instability in Somalia , is known to finance its operations through the poaching of elephants . Al-Shabaab raises an estimated $ 600,000 a month through the ivory trade . The Lord 's Resistance Army , another terrorist group infamous for forcing children to fight in its ranks , also engages in poaching and trafficking of elephant ivory . Stopping the ivory trade has become not only a matter of conservation but one of national security and international stability . Last year , the United Nations issued a report warning that elephant poaching is the worst it has been in a decade , while ivory seizures are at their highest levels since 1989 . Last summer , President Barack Obama issued an executive order recognizing that the poaching of protected species and the illicit trade in ivory has become an international crisis that the United States must take a leading role in combating . Saving elephants and other threatened species is a cause that cuts across partisan lines and international boundaries . We all have a part to play . It starts in our personal lives . The ivory trade prospers because there is a demand for luxury goods fashioned from it . As consumers , we should never buy products made with ivory and should encourage others to be mindful that their purchases are not illegally sourced through trafficking . And we should continue to shine a spotlight on the problem of illegal poaching and the threat it poses to African elephants and other species . There are actions our government can take , as well . As co-chairman of the U.S. Senate International Conservation Caucus , I have worked with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to educate members of Congress on these ongoing problems and introduce legislation that authorizes proven conservation programs and directs resources to the international effort to dismantle the machinery of illegal poaching . The Conservation Reform Act is part of this effort . If passed , it would streamline and increase the effectiveness of our existing international conservation efforts . I am also working to reauthorize the Saving Vanishing Species Stamp , which raises funds for the protection of threatened animals and their habitat at no cost to the U.S. taxpayer . Over the years , we have watched as the actions of a few shortsighted , malicious and greedy people have nearly destroyed whole species . If we act now , we can make sure that the African elephant does n't become another sad entry on a long list of animals we can never bring back . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rob Portman .	Rob Portman : The world almost killed off elephants completely before the ban on ivory in 1989 Portman : Poaching has returned with a vengeance , fueled by demand for ivory in China Ivory trade raises money for a wing of al Qaeda and Lord 's Resistance Army terrorism Portman : Tens of thousands of elephants killed a year ; we need to strengthen legislation
If you 've never been to a Japanese onsen , there 's one tiny bit of protocol worth knowing before you plunge into those steamy waters . Nudity is n't just the norm , it 's the rule . A testament to the shock some of us Japan first timers experience upon learning we have to doff our skivvies to take part in the country 's favorite holiday past time , multilingual signs are frequently posted outside the more popular hot springs to outline onsen etiquette . The best ones have hilarious cartoon depictions for added emphasis . Things are no different at historic Sakinoyu Onsen , a gorgeous hot spring facility right on the coast of Shirahama in Japan 's Wakayama prefecture . One of the three most revered onsens in Japan and more than 1,300 years old , it 's mentioned in historic Japanese texts and was once visited by emperors and noblemen . But you still have to get naked . Nowhere to hide At the entrance of the wooden building , visitors enter through the men  blue  or women 's  red  doors to reach changing rooms which open up to a series of beautiful stone pools filled with natural mineral waters , edged only by the Pacific Ocean . A high wooden wall divides ladies and gents . The manager of Sakinoyu says that on the days when the sea is rough , waves are known to crash over the rocks , giving bathers a refreshing cool down . "  We 've had foreign tourists get too hot and decide they want to take a naked dip in the ocean , only to be pulled away by the current and in need of rescue , " he says with a laugh , adding that this actually is n't allowed . A wall of huge rocks keeps the women safe from outsiders ' eyes , but the men are n't so fortunate . Their pools are easily viewed from several rooms in the nearby Hotel Seamore , as well as a viewing platform , where I find myself barely an hour later . Did I dare look across the shining waters to "  see more " ? Of course . Admittedly , I 'm not much of a voyeur . At the first blurry glimpse of naked male flesh I direct my eyes anywhere but that onsen . Aussie sands , chilly waters Shirahama is n't just about historical hot tubs and naked humans . It 's beautifully compact , centered around a long , blindingly white beach -- the sand was imported from Australia -- book ended by impressive rock formations , fishing piers , free onsen foot baths and a few kitschy attractions . Dotted with aging hotels , Shirahama Beach has a seaside resort vibe that takes off in the summer , with street vendors and nightly fireworks . As I walk across its white sands , I 'm floored by how unexpected it feels to find such a beach outside of semi-tropical Okinawa . The beach is so pristine I feel I could be in the Caribbean . That illusion is shattered by dipping my feet in the ocean to be reminded with a jolt that Japan 's coastal waters are still chilly in May . Nonetheless , proving yet again my theory that children possess underdeveloped thermoreceptors , many kids splash about happily nearby . Back up on shore , the open-air Shirasuna beachside onsen -- swimsuits permitted -- is a nice way to warm up post swim . Made for breeding giant pandas Shirahama is a hot spot for Japanese families , due in part to the presence of Adventure World . No ordinary theme park , Adventure World also has a zoo that is home to five giant pandas -- the most of any zoo in Japan -- including twins born in 2010 . It 's credited with having one of the the most successful panda-breeding programs outside of China , and is the Japanese branch of China 's famed Chengdu Panda Research Base . References to the local celebs can be found all over the town , in the form of kawaii  cute  souvenirs and signage . Pirate hideaways and one giant rock tatami mat Another top attraction is Shirahama 's Sandanbeki cliffs and caverns . Up to two kilometers of steep cliffs , some 50 meters high , make up this stunning site , where birds of prey regularly circle overhead . Visitors can take an elevator down 35 meters to the underground caves  open daily , 8 a.m.-5 p.m.  to see where the ocean rushes in . There 's also a small exhibit showing how Kumano pirates of the Heian era  794-1185  used the caves as hiding spots . Nearby is Senjojiki rock . Eroded by thousands of years of sea action , the rock 's name loosely translates to "  1,000 tatami mats , " supposedly because it resembles the popular Japanese flooring material . Engetsu Island Shirahama 's rock stars do n't end there . Engetsu Island is a 130-meter-wide rock formation , famous for the moon-like hole in the middle . Designated a "  place of scenic beauty of Japan " , it 's easily viewed from a road on the nearby mainland . At sunset , the sun appears right in the center of the hole , making it a favorite with photographers . Where to eat/shop Shirahama is all about seafood . I had a fabulous seafood BBQ meal at Shirahama 's recently opened pier-side Fisherman 's Wharf . The venue has an Italian restaurant and a Japanese restaurant , but the real prize is the rooftop Club Caribbean joint with its views of the nearby beach . Here , diners can choose live seafood from the market on the main floor and cook it themselves on a little grill . For those who find watching shellfish writhe on hot metal a bit too gruesome , there 's a non-seafood menu of beef and pork . Just outside of Shirahama lies the massive Tore Tore Ichiba Market . Visitors can take in a tuna cutting demonstration and shop for seafood , produce , fruit and countless Japanese souvenirs . There are also a few quality dining options , including a food court and a seafood BBQ spot where you can cook up the fresh seafood you just bought at the market . The local brew Umeshu is Shirahama 's drink of choice . A few kilometers outside Shirahama on the way to the city of Tanabe sits Nakata , one of Wakayama 's biggest ume  Japanese apricot  fruit processing and brewing factories , which is open for tours . "  Everything is carried out by hand , as the fruit is too delicate to be handled with machines , " explains Nakata 's president , Yoshiaki Nakata , whose great grandfather founded the company . Where to stay The 109-room Kaisyu Hotel  rates from 23,500 yen / $ 229  offers great food , private onsens , comfortable Japanese and Western rooms with sunset views , plus a few cliffside cottages . Upon check in , guests leave their shoes at the door and are invited to select from a variety of Japanese yukata  robes  or samue  shirt/pant combo  . It 's rather fun seeing everyone plodding around in their bare feet through the lobby , wearing their robes to dinner . The hotel is lacking in English speakers/materials , but staff are very friendly and make an effort . Travel/contact info Shirahama Station is two hours and 30 minutes from Shin Osaka station on the JR Kinokuni Line Express Train . The town has a decent bus system that will get you to many of the major stops , including Adventure World , the beach , Sakinoyu Onsen , Tore Tore Market and Sandanbeki . Sakinoyu : 1668 Shirahama Town , Nishimuro District ; +81  0  73 942 3016 Adventure World : Nishimuro , Katata Shirahama , Wakayama 649-2201 ; +81  0  57 006 4481 Fisherman 's Wharf : 649-2211 Nishimuro-gun , Shirahama , Wakayama 1667-22 ; +81  0  73 943 1700 Tore Tore Ichiba Market : 2521 Katata Shirahama , Wakayama 649-2201 ; +81  0  73 942 1010 Nakata : 1475 Shimomisu , Tanabe , Wakayama 646-0292 ; +81  0  73 922 2486 Kaisyu Hotel : 1698-1 Shirahama , Nishimuro , Wakayama	Shirahama , Wakayama is one of the most popular beaches in Japan 's Kansai region More than 1,300 years old , Sakinoyu Onsen is one of Japan 's three oldest hot springs Other popular Shirahama sites include caves , fish markets and a famed panda center
CNN  -- The Liberian president dismissed all but one of her Cabinet ministers this week in a move she says will help give her administration a fresh start . President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf announced Thursday that she has asked her Cabinet to "  take administrative leave effective immediately . " She made the announcement during an emergency meeting the night before . The administration is entering a critical stretch and this provides an opportunity to start with a fresh slate , she said in a news release . Johnson-Sirleaf -- currently the only elected female head of state in Africa -- is up for re-election next year . The mandate will not create a power vacuum , she said . Designated deputies will take over until Cabinet leaders are asked to return or their successors appointed , according to the statement . "  Cabinet restructuring will be made in the shortest possible time and ... several ministers could be reappointed , " she said . The president urged commitment from those who will make it to the next phase . "  I want this administration to be the most effective going forward , " she said . Ministers who are overseas on assignment will not be affected by the directive until they complete their missions . One minister retained his position amid the shakeup . Edward McClain , the minister of state for presidential affairs , will work with Vice President Joseph Boakai while the president is out of the country . Other government agencies may also undergo a shakeup , according to the president . The Harvard-educated economist and grandmother of eight took the helm in 2006 after a bloody civil war that left her country in shambles . Liberia faced 14 years of civil war and strife under the Charles Taylor regime that ended in 2003 . Johnson-Sirleaf has said she is rallying world support to get the nation back on its feet . The president 's political resilience and tough reputation have earned her the nickname "  Iron Lady . " The tiny west African nation has a population of about 3.4 million .	President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf appoints deputies in their places It provides an opportunity to start with a fresh slate , she says She makes the announcement at an emergency meeting Johnson-Sirleaf is currently the only elected female head of state in Africa
EW.com  -- After last weekend 's record-breaking pre-Valentine 's Day frame , Hollywood is feeling hopeful about box office prospects during the upcoming holiday weekend , which will include four days of box office receipts . We 're likely headed another frame of four $ 20 + million grosses -- possibly even five ! Three new movies are hitting theaters -- action sequel "  Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance , " romantic comedy "  This Means War , " and animated import "  The Secret World of Arrietty " -- but "  The Vow " wo n't relinquish the top spot so easily . Here are my predictions for the four day holiday weekend : 1 . "  The Vow " -- $ 30 million Last weekend 's romantic victor has played well throughout the week -- it broke midweek records with its $ 11.6 million Valentine 's Day haul -- and according to Fandango , "  The Vow " is still this weekend 's number one choice , accounting for 17 percent of Thursday 's ticket sales -- the most of any film  "  Ghost Rider " accounted for just 5 percent  . It seems that the poorly-reviewed film has become something of an event film for women -- it may not be totally well received , but people want to see it because their friends have . "  The Vow " may fall by about 25-30 percent over the long weekend and take in another $ 30 million . 2 . "  Ghost Rider : Spirit of Vengeance " -- $ 29.5 million Not many people thought that the original "  Ghost Rider , " which hit theaters over this very weekend in 2007 , would earn a sequel . That film grossed just $ 115.8 million against its $ 110 production budget  a figure that does not include marketing costs  , but apparently , its $ 228.7 million global haul was enough for Sony to greenlight a second film . Nicolas Cage is back as the flame-headed comic book character for "  Spirit of Vengeance , " which cost somewhere in the mid - $ 70 million range to produce . The presence of 3-D ticket prices should add a few million dollars to "  Spirit 's " opening , but because of the tepid reactions to the original "  Ghost Rider , " which opened with $ 52 million in its first four days , it 's unlikely that this one will fare better . The film might ride away with a bit less than $ 30 million . 3 . "  Safe House " -- $ 27 million The Denzel Washington/Ryan Reynolds action flick should ride its "  A - " CinemaScore grade to a successful second weekend . Direct competition from "  Ghost Rider " may result in a slightly inflated 35 percent drop over four days , which would give "  Safe House " a terrific $ 27 million . 4 . "  Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island " -- $ 26 million More than any other film , "  Journey " will benefit from the holiday weekend . The 3-D sequel remains the top choice for families , many of whom will be eager to keep their youngsters busy over the extended weekend . A tiny 5 percent drop would give the $ 79 million adventure a robust $ 26 million , lifting its total to $ 59 million after ten days . 5 . "  This Means War " -- $ 17 million Reese Witherspoon 's last romantic comedy , "  How Do You Know , " was a critical disaster that crashed and burned at the box office , taking in a measly $ 30.2 million against a $ 120 million budget . Thankfully , "  This Means War , " which features "  Star Trek 's " Chris Pine and "  Inception 's " Tom Hardy alongside Witherspoon , will fare better . Granted , the film 's breakout potential has been severely reduced by the complete box office dominance of "  The Vow , " which will steal away female audiences , but on a busy weekend , "  War " could still find a decent crowd -- it drew about $ 1.7 million on Valentine 's Day sneaks . Fox spent $ 65 million on the action-comedy , which will play in 3,189 theaters this weekend , and it seems headed for about $ 17 million . Way further down the chart , Hayao Miyazaki 's latest , "  The Secret World of Arrietty , " which is being distributed by Disney , will follow in the footsteps of his most recent entry , "  Ponyo , " which earned $ 15 million in 2009 . Playing in 1,522 theaters , it may take in $ 5 million this weekend . See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Vow " broke midweek records with its $ 11.6 million Valentine 's Day haul More than any other film , "  Journey 2 " will benefit from the holiday weekend On a busy weekend , "  This Means War " could still find a decent crowd
London  CNN  -- A journalist at the News of the World , the UK newspaper that was closed by Rupert Murdoch last year , once said : "  This is what we do . We go out and destroy people 's lives . " The British press , combative and uncompromising , has been a feature of national life for many years . But now a high court judge , Lord Justice Leveson , has decided the government must intervene to ensure it behaves itself . Will this prove a watershed moment for tabloid newspapers ? Or will they revert to type ? The British press has vowed to clean up its act before , only to end up back where it started . When Princess Diana was killed in Paris , with freelance photographers in hot pursuit , the Daily Mail vowed never to use paparazzi shots again . Yet its popular website , MailOnline , now depends on paparazzi images for its success . Leveson was appointed by Prime Minister David Cameron to carry out a year-long inquiry into press standards when it emerged in July 2011 the News of the World possibly intercepted voicemail messages left on a cell phone belonging to Milly Dowler , a murdered schoolgirl , in pursuit of stories . It emerged the practice of phone hacking had been widespread at the paper . The revelation prompted a wave of public revulsion and left Cameron in a difficult position . He had employed the paper 's former editor Andy Coulson as his communications director and had a warm personal relationship with another former editor , Rebekah Brooks , who ran Murdoch 's powerful stable of British titles . Both have since resigned . The Leveson report , published on Thursday , is 2,000 pages long and runs to nearly 1 million words , but its main recommendation is simple enough . The government should pass a law giving Ofcom , a body that already overseas British broadcasters , the power to approve a new regulatory system that will be independent of the newspaper industry . The old system , the Press Complaints Commission , was dominated by editors and proved ineffective , Leveson said . Cameron immediately sparked controversy by declaring he would not pass a law that would give parliament a say in how newspapers are run for the first time in nearly 300 years . A glance at Friday 's headlines shows that his stance has transformed the PM overnight into a hero in the eyes of newspaper editors and owners . In the short-term , the newspapers themselves may be the biggest winners . The report says they should continue to regulate themselves , paying for a new complaints body that will be staffed by people from outside the industry . It will have the power to levy fines of up to Â # 1 million and the funds to launch investigations into wrongdoing . Ofcom could yet be handed the right to oversee it . But in truth a more onerous system could have been imposed . The much-maligned police will also find comfort in Leveson 's report . Scotland Yard was criticized for failing to fully investigate phone hacking but the judge accepted its claim it was too busy dealing with possible terrorist threats to prioritize the case . Some senior police officers were too close to journalists but he found no evidence of corruption . Politicians were roundly criticized by Leveson for schmoozing newspaper editors and proprietors for more than 30 years , attending their weddings and birthday parties , enjoying intimate dinners and forming close friendships . But none were singled out . They too will be relieved Leveson did n't couch his criticism in stronger terms . Rupert and James Murdoch did not get off so lightly . Leveson saved some of his strongest words for the media mogul and his son , a senior executive at the company founded by his father . The judge expressed amazement that Murdoch Sr. had not sought more information about the likely extent of phone hacking at the News of the World , one of the company 's flagship titles . His failure to read a damning high court judgement about the conduct of News of the World "  says something about the degree to which his organization engages with the ethical direction of its newspapers " . Referring to Murdoch 's claim he did not remember visiting then-Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher to discuss his 1981 takeover bid for the Times of London at her official country residence , Leveson said : "  It is perhaps a little surprising that he does not remember a visit to a place as memorable as Chequers in the context of a bid as important as that which he made for Time newspapers . However , perhaps that is all I need to say . " James Murdoch , who ran News Corp 's European and Asian businesses until earlier this year , claimed his own executives had failed to tell him hacking went further than a single reporter at the News of the World . But Leveson said his evidence did not stack up . "  There are aspects of the account of Mr Murdoch that cause me some concern , " he said . He did not go further because a major police investigation into phone hacking is ongoing , but the criticism may prove strong enough to damage Murdoch 's chance of succeeding his father . Editors , past and present , are also criticized . Rebekah Brooks , who edited the News of the World and its daily sister title The Sun , was condemned for claiming former PM Gordon Brown wanted the fact his young son suffered from cystic fibrosis to be made public . In fact , the opposite was true , but the Sun ran a front-page story revealing the news anyway . The British public , who already hold journalists in low regard , are unlikely to be surprised by any of this . Nearly 20 years after Diana 's death , which elicited expressions of remorse from editors , some British papers printed naked pictures of Prince Harry in a Las Vegas hotel room . Weeks later , the same papers reacted with fury when a French magazine carried topless photo of Kate Middleton . As Leveson wryly observed , newspapers apply restraint selectively , and only when it suits them . In the meantime , the British public grumble about journalists , just as they grumble about the weather , but carry on buying their papers anyway , albeit in smaller numbers . As Leveson might also have said , we all get the press we deserve . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Robinson .	After Lord Leveson 's report on press ethics , James Robinson asks what will change Robinson : British press has vowed to clean up its act before , after Diana 's death PM David Cameron , newspapers and the police are immediate winners , he says Tabloid editors and the Murdochs were roundly criticized by the report , he adds
Bangkok  CNN  -- Though on the surface it seems like another typical day in central Bangkok -- hot , muggy and busy , with traffic snarls around town -- tension is rising as protesters continue to exert pressure on the Thai prime minister to step down . Thousands of demonstrators were expected to march on key ministerial buildings on Wednesday to demand an end to the government of Yingluck Shinawatra , ahead of a no-confidence vote in parliament on Thursday . The escalating political tension has prompted travel updates from 23 foreign governments , according to the Thai Foreign Ministry . Among the countries warning their citizens to be vigilant are the UK , the U.S. , Canada , Australia , Germany , Sweden and Singapore . Locals and tourists appear unconcerned For those not plugged into official information sources , there are few signs of what 's being broadcast around the world -- images of government ministries under siege , rallies filled with thousands of cheering anti-government protesters and video of Yingluck explaining to the nation why she 's implementing the Internal Security Act  ISA  . The ISA gives law enforcement officials and the military additional powers , including the right to impose curfews , put up checkpoints , restrict the movement of demonstrators and search for weapons . Away from the affected sites it 's pretty much life as normal in most parts of wider Bangkok . But while it 's easy to avoid protests , as of Wednesday morning the situation had become extremely fluid and increasingly worrisome to some observers . While the number of demonstrators , led by the Democrat Party , has declined from the 100,000 reported on Sunday , protesters claim tens of thousands of people are still on the streets . Authorities say the figure is closer to 10,000 . On Wednesday , they 'll split into two or more groups , according to Akanat Promphan , a spokesman for the protesters . He told CNN they plan to march to a number of government buildings , including the ministries for Public Health , Social Development , Labor , and Science and Technology . Another group is heading to a complex outside the city which houses a number of government offices . A primary target in this location is the Department of Special Investigation . A city accustomed to protests The capital 's residents have become accustomed to political uprisings , hence the business-as-usual attitude among locals . Thailand was wracked with turbulence for four years after a 2006 coup , culminating in a 2010 army crackdown on supporters of ousted Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of the current prime minister . More than 90 people were killed in the violence . Foreign government have warned their citizens to be vigilant , despite assurances from the Thai government that authorities will "  absolutely not use violence " to disperse the demonstrators . On its website , the British Foreign & Commonwealth Office said , "  A number of political demonstrations have taken place in various locations in Bangkok and elsewhere in Thailand since the start of November 2013 . " "  Further large scale protests are taking place with little warning , at various locations in Bangkok . The main ongoing protest area situated along Rachadamnoen Avenue including Democracy Monument in Bangkok has now expanded to include protests at a number of government buildings in central Bangkok . " In its security message to citizens , the United States Embassy in Bangkok said . "  Even demonstrations that are meant to be peaceful can turn confrontational and escalate into violence . " Russian foreign ministry tells citizens to avoid Bangkok Though most government warnings advised citizens to avoid protest areas , Russian media reports say their Foreign Ministry advises tourists to avoid the capital completely . "  The possibility of further escalation of the unrest should not be ruled out , " the ministry said in a statement quoted by news agency RIA . "  In this respect , we recommend that Russians avoid visiting Bangkok . Those already there should take due care , comply with law enforcement officers ' demands and avoid crowded areas . " Protests , what protests ? Security concerns notwithstanding , some tourists who spoke with CNN did n't even realize protests were taking place in Bangkok . Others said they were aware of the situation , but were n't concerned . British traveler Charles Rowson , 43 , who is on a 10-day vacation with his family , said he was keeping an eye on developments . "  I have been reading the local papers to keep up on the political situation and our hotel briefs us daily on the areas to avoid , " he said , while waiting for his hotel 's courtesy ferry to pick him up from the Saphan Taksin pier . Tourism is a concern for the nation 's travel industry right now , as Thailand enters its high season . According to the World Travel and Tourism Council , the tourism and travel sector contributed $ 27.99 billion , or 7.3 % , to Thailand 's GDP in 2012 . A report on state-run website MCOT cites a senior Bangkok Metropolitan Administration official as saying tourism revenue may fall 10 % lower than projected if the political demonstrations continue . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Despite anti-government protests , Bangkok residents remain calm , unconcerned More than 20 nations issue warnings for citizens to avoid political gatherings Some tourists did n't even realize there were protests taking place in Bangkok
CNN  -- Brazilian footballer Neymar has given the thumbs up to political protests during this summer 's World Cup in Brazil -- as long as they are peaceful . Demonstrations -- some violent -- have been taking place all over Brazil since last summer 's Confederations Cup , raising concerns about security at the upcoming tournament . They were originally organized to protest against increases in travel fares , but have since gone on to include demonstrations against staging the World Cup in Brazil , corruption in government and a lack of social spending . "  My opinion is that protesting , there 's no problem with it , as long as it is peaceful without violence , without vandalism , " said Neymar , who was talking to CNN at a Castrol Footkhana event . "  If it 's for Brazil getting better , they have to protest , " added the Brazilian , who plays for Spanish club Barcelona . Smaller scale protests are still continuing , with many people earlier this month showing their disapproval following the death of a young man allegedly beaten by police , as city authorities attempt to drive armed gangs away from communities and restore authority ahead of the World Cup . To make matters worse for FIFA and organizers of the tournament , three of the 12 stadiums to be used this summer have yet to be finished . Coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has also spoken about the political backdrop in Brazil , arguing that any demonstrations taking place during the competition would have a negative impact on his squad . "  I do n't know if it 's the right time , " Scolari said in an interview on TV show Fantastico . "  It could -LSB- affect my players -RSB- , big time . " Winning the World Cup for the five-time winners would help Brazil banish the memories of the nation 's darkest sporting hour -- letting a lead slip to allow Uruguay to become world champions in 1950 , the last time the tournament was held on home soil . "  My advice is that they cheer for the national team until the end because they are important and we need them so that we can put more pressure in the game which will help us , " added Neymar .	Neymar supports Brazilians right to protest during 2014 World Cup While understanding ongoing protests , Neymar insists they must be peacful . Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari is worried about the impact of protests on his team
CNN  Openly gay ski legend Anja Paerson says the IOC is out of touch on Lesbian Gay Bisexual and Transgender  LGBT  issues and that she has little confidence that recent changes to the Olympic Charter will prevent discrimination in the future . Sweden 's Paerson , who retired in 2012 after a glittering career which included Olympic gold and seven world championship titles , claims the IOC should have taken a firmer stance in the controversial build-up to 2014 Winter Games in Sochi . Ahead of the Games , LGBT supporters were outraged when the Russian government passed a law in June 2013 prohibiting "  gay propaganda . " The law says it is a crime to publicly acknowledge that you are gay , provide information on homosexuality to minors , or publicly support equal rights for gays . Paerson told CNN 's Alpine Edge program that the IOC , which at the time released a statement saying it had "  received assurances from the highest level of government in Russia that the legislation will not affect those attending or taking part in the Games , " had effectively ducked the issue . "  The Olympic Committee had a huge responsibility in Sochi and they did n't stand up for human rights , " she said . "  They were hiding from the difficult questions . I think at that point they made a lot of wrong choices . " Paerson admitted that she had severe misgivings about going to the Games for her work as a Swedish TV analyst and claimed she was not alone . "  I think a lot of athletes were very uncomfortable . I even figured if I should go or not . "  But I made a choice to go . And I stood for being a gay person and I had my family there , I had my son and my wife . I did n't feel like Russia should choose the way I live . " Paerson also believes that her own sport 's ruling body , the International Ski Federation ,  FIS  needs to step up to the plate and better support gay athletes . "  Even in alpine skiing I think it 's not talked about enough . From the athlete 's side I think it 's really hard to speak up at the Olympics and I think that 's where we have to have changes , " she added . In the wake of the controversy , the IOC announced earlier this month that it had made an amendment to the Olympic Charter to specifically include the wording "  sexual orientation . " Principle 6 of the Charter now reads : "  The enjoyment of the rights and freedoms set forth in this Olympic Charter shall be secured without discrimination of any kind , such as race , color , sex , sexual orientation , language , religion , political or other opinion , national or social origin , property , birth or other status . " IOC President Thomas Bach of Germany described the change as "  a very important first step " following a unanimous vote in favor of the move . "  We have to look into the future and try to address the challenges which may arise in the future and the challenges we have already now , " he added . But Paerson is not convinced this change is sufficient to ensure that future hosts of the Winter Games are held accountable by the IOC for breaches of human rights . "  Hopefully they have learned from Sochi Olympics and will get better in the future , " she said . Paerson , who was a member of the FIS Athlete Commission , is also calling for her own sport and the IOC to freshen up its membership to better reflect modern views . "  They do n't really follow the new developments , " she believes . "  I hope that both in the Olympic Committee and other sports that the younger generation get more influence because we have a different mindset , " she added . "  The Games themselves should be open to all , free of discrimination , and that applies to spectators , officials , media , and , of course , athletes , " said the IOC in statement . "  We oppose in the strongest terms any move that would jeopardize this principle . "  During the Sochi Games IOC President Thomas Bach obtained explicit assurances from the very highest level that there would no discrimination against any participant in the Games and this was fully observed . " The 33-year-old can certainly look back on a stunningly successful career -- a twice winner of coveted overall World Cup title -- in addition to her triumphs at world and Olympic level . But all the while she kept her sexuality a closely guarded secret and it was only on retiring from her sport that she put an end to persistent rumors and revealed that she was gay . In June 2012 , a few months after her farewell race , Paerson went on Swedish public radio to announce that she had been in a relationship with her partner Filippa , whom she first met in 2005 . "  I never started to believe that I was gay when I was young , " she told CNN . "  This just happened when I met my wife . She was married and I had a boyfriend . Our lives were just thrown upside down . " The timing of the announcement was a dilemma , Paerson admits and they had been worried about the reaction it would receive . "  We were nervous of course , how people would respond . It was important for us to build our atmosphere , our family , our house , our castle before we let everybody else into our life . "  I think why I did n't choose to announce it when I was still racing was that I wanted to be a hundred per cent focused on my races . " The pair formally tied the knot and were married earlier this year and have a two-year-old son , Elvis . Paerson was trained to her biggest successes by her father Anders , her peak achievement coming in 2007 on the home snow of Are , where she grabbed a stunning three gold medals , a silver and a bronze in the world championships . It came at the end of a difficult season , but after being urged by him to take a short break from training everything clicked into gear . "  I had about 10 days to mentally prepare to believe that my skiing was good enough to win that gold medal . My dad told me ` go home , go to your friends , do whatever for two days and come back ' . " When she did , Paerson proved unstoppable across all the disciplines to dominate the competition . Are was the venue for this weekend 's World Cup competition , and although retired , Paerson has been taking a keen interest in the proceedings . She has seen compatriot Maria Pietilae-Holmer provide home cheer by taking the slalom title Saturday . Pietilae-Holmer edged out overall World Cup leader Tina Maze of Slovenia by just 0.06 secs . Another Swede , Frida Hansdotter , was third 0.32 secs off the pace , with Olympic champion Mikaela Shiffrin of the U.S. back in fourth after a poor first run . The in-form Maze , who had many battles with Paerson 's during the Swede 's career , won the giant slalom Friday from another home hope hope , Sara Hector .	Sweden 's Anja Paerson is a six-time Olympic medalist Paerson retired from alpine skiing in 2012 She is openly gay and is married with a child Paerson critical of IOC over its handling of LGBT matters
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The Michael Jackson song "  This Is It , " released Monday , was co-written and recorded in 1983 with singer-songwriter Paul Anka , Anka and the Jackson estate confirmed Monday afternoon . Jackson 's estate and Sony Music Entertainment did not realize this history when they picked the song out of boxes of tapes in their archives , leading to a big surprise Monday when Anka called them , Anka said . Jackson , who became busy with the success of his "  Thriller " album , never finished the duet recording that was intended for Anka 's "  Walk a Fine Line " album , Anka said . Latin hip-hop singer Safire recorded and released the song in 1990 -- under the title "  I Never Heard , " Anka said . "  Somebody just innocently found this tape and did not know somebody recorded it with him , " Anka said . Estate spokesman James Bates acknowledged to CNN that the "  song was written with the legendary Paul Anka . " "  We picked the song because the lyrics were appropriate given the name Michael gave his tour , " Bates said . It was just a coincidence that the song 's first words were the same as Jackson 's last planned tour , Anka said . Monday 's release of the lilting love song was part of the promotion for the Sony movie "  Michael Jackson 's This Is It , " which comes out in two weeks . Anka said it was "  an honest mistake " that the estate 's special administrators quickly resolved Monday . "  They realized the mistake , " Anka said "  They apologized and they 've given me rightfully what I own . It 's 50-50 , right down the middle . " Rob Stringer , chairman of Sony 's Columbia/Epic Label Group , was quoted in The New York Times on Sunday as saying he did not know the origins of the song . Anka , who is heard playing piano on the song , said producers did a beautiful job of completing it . Backing vocals from Jackson 's brothers and orchestration were added to the spare voice and piano track recorded 26 years ago in Anka 's studio . The original version , with just Jackson and Anka , will be included in the two-disc soundtrack , along with the orchestral version , Sony said . The orchestral version will play at the close of the film , which will feature Jackson 's career highlights and last rehearsals , Sony said . The CD will be released on October 27 , coincidental with the debut of the movie , Sony said . "  Disc one features the original album masters of some of Michael 's biggest hits such as ` Billie Jean , ' ` Smooth Criminal , ' ` Human Nature , ' and ` Thriller ' arranged in the same sequence as they appear in the film , " Sony said . The second disc includes "  early demo versions " of Jackson classics "  She 's Out Of My Life , " "  Wan na Be Startin ' Somethin' " and "  Beat It , " Sony said . "  This disc also features a recently discovered spoken word poem from Michael Jackson entitled ` Planet Earth , " the company said . The just-released song got widespread airplay on radio shows across the United States Monday , according to Nielsen BDS , a company that tracks music airplay . It the 21st most-played song on the 1,300 stations monitored by Nielsen , with at least 680 "  spins " by mid-afternoon , the company said .	Paul Anka : Estate made "  honest mistake , " will split sales Anka : "  They apologized , " "  given me rightfully what I own " Jackson 's song officially released on michaeljackson.com about midnight Monday About 45 seconds of "  This Is It " made the rounds online Sunday
CNN  -- Ireland -- once Europe 's ` Celtic Tiger ' -- was last year felled by its black hole of a banking sector , and forced to tap Europe 's bailout fund . The country continues to live off bailout funds -- yet in September internet giant Twitter announced its intention to set up headquarters in Dublin . It will join Facebook and Google , which both have their headquarters in the Irish capital . The move suggests Dublin could again become a major player in the technology industry , despite the country 's financial woes . According to Noel Ruane , head of Dogpatch Labs Europe -- which likens itself to a ` frat house for geeks ' -- the city has enough of an internet community to rival Silicon Valley . Dogpatch Labs was created by the U.S.-based venture capital company Polaris Venture Partners , and provides a space for aspiring entrepreneurs to brainstorm with like-minded people . The center has also chosen to call Dublin its European home , with Ruane as its entrepreneur in residence . Ruane believes Dublin is a good base for emerging companies , despite their consumers being located elsewhere . Many companies are web based , and do n't need to be near their customers , he says . He acknowledges language barriers can prove more difficult for companies in Europe than in other parts of the world , such as the U.S. "  There is a localization requirement ; we do n't have one homogenous market like the U.S. where there are 300 million plus people that companies can target . " But he says the nature of the web means businesses can be successful from wherever they 're located , including Dublin . But while Dublin 's reputation as an internet hub is growing , many developers are still honing their skills in the U.S first before establishing themselves in Europe . "  I meet companies all the time where the founders have returned home after perhaps graduating from Stamford University and spending some years with the large internet companies in Silicon Valley , " explains Ruane . "  They have all that experience so that they can set up business back in Europe . " CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this story .	Twitter announced in September it would set up shop in Dublin Google and Facebook have their international headquarters in Ireland Dogpatch Labs Europe provides space for entrepreneurs Its head Noel Ruane believes Dublin can rival Silicon Valley
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Garbage dumps are generally not associated with thriving coral reefs , vast mangrove plantations and rare bird species . Yet on Pulau Semakau off Singapore , this is exactly what you will find : just beside a secluded ecological zone that harbors dozens of rare plant , bird and fish species lies the world 's first ecological offshore landfill . Located 8 kilometers south of Singapore and covering an area of 3.5 square kilometers , the Semakau Landfill was designed by engineers and environmentalists at Singapore 's National Environment Agency  NEA  . It consists of two small islands that have been connected by a rock embankment . The area inside the landfill is divided into 11 bays , known as ` cells ' , which are lined with thick plastic and clay to prevent any harmful material from seeping into the sea . Since the landfill was put into use in 1999 , four of the 11 cells have been filled , covered with earth and planted with grass . The landfill , which cost around $ 400 million , can hold up to 63 million cubic meters of rubbish , enough to satisfy Singapore 's waste disposal needs until 2040 . Clean and odor-free What distinguishes Semakau from other landfills is that it is clean and free of smell . Two thirds of the material that comes to Semakau has passed through one of the city 's four incinerators , reducing it to approximately ten percent of its original volume . Waste from construction material is also processed , while toxic waste like asbestos is packaged in such a way that it can not leak into the surrounding environment . Two mangrove groves that were destroyed when the embankment was built have been replanted near the landfill and today they serve as biological indicators for the local environment . If they were to start dying , it would be seen as a sign that harmful material had leaked from the landfill . Scientists expected that some of the mangroves would not survive the relocation , but today they cover 1.4 square kilometers around the island and even have to be cut back in places -- a sign that the landfill is indeed leak-proof . Flourishing wildlife Together with the island 's other ecosystems such as seagrass meadows , coral reefs and sandy shores , the mangroves serve as a habitat for a variety of birds , fish and plants . The decision to build a landfill off Semakau was taken in the 1990 's when the previous landfill on the main island had nearly reached capacity . "  As land is scarce in Singapore , it was decided from the outset that the new sanitary landfill in the smaller islands would be designed as an environmentally friendly facility which would be used to meet Singapore 's land use needs when it was eventually filled up and closed , " the NEA explained in an official statement . Every effort was made to minimize the impact on the local environment so that the area beside the landfill , which always had a rich flora and fauna , has remained intact . "  Great effort went into making sure that the impact of the landfill on Pulau Semakau 's biodiversity was minimized . In fact , biodiversity remains high and we have not lost a single species because of the landfill , " says Wang Luan Keng , an education and research officer at the Raffles Museum of Biodiversity Research  RMBR  in Singapore . New species She adds that as the island 's various ecosystems continue to flourish , scientists are still discovering new species on Semakau . In July 2005 , the government decided to open the western part of Semakau up to the public for recreational purposes . Today there are guided nature walks along the island 's coast , while sports fishing and bird watching associations also organize special excursions to the island . "  When we do the tours around the island , we have a powerful message , " says Ria Tan , an associate at the RMBR and owner of a popular Web site , wildsingapore.com . "  We tell people : ` Look how beautiful this is , and imagine what could be destroyed if the landfill had to be expanded . ' This makes them think and when they go home they are more careful about how they deal with waste . " Rich biodiversity Thus , the Semakau Landfill project has inadvertently turned into more than just a trash dump ; it is becoming an educational project and could serve as a model for sustainable urban development around the world . "  The rich biodiversity around the sanitary landfill shows that development and environmental protection can co-exist and need not be mutually exclusive , " says the NEA . "  It is of course a compromise , but in the context of urban living I think it is a good one . Some nature lovers criticize the project , but in the end we have to throw our rubbish somewhere and this is a good solution , " says Tan . Wang agrees . "  I see Semakau Landfill as a great way of striking a balance between the need of urban development and nature conservation . " ... . Are ecological landfill islands a viable solution for our waste ? Would you live on a landscaped landfill ? Share your stories and read what others have to say in the forum .	Singapore has built the world 's first ecological landfill island Birds , fish and plants have flocked to the island 's mangroves The island hosts nature walks , fishing and bird-watching excursions The landfill will eventually be used to meet Singapore 's land use needs
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Blake Mycoskie is the founder and "  chief shoe giver " of TOMS Shoes , a company that matches every pair of shoes it sells with a free pair to an impoverished child . Blake Mycoskie started TOMS Shoes in 2006 . The company is committed to giving free shoes to poor children around the world . CNN caught up with the 32-year-old entrepreneur to talk about the inspiration behind his revolutionary business and what he has planned next . CNN : Tell us about the TOMS model . Mycoskie : The TOMS initiative is very simple : For every pair of shoes we sell , we give a pair away . When we know that say , we 're going to sell 10,000 pairs this spring , we make another 10,000 to be given away . CNN : Where did you get the idea to start TOMS ? Mycoskie : I decided to go back to some of the places that my sister and I had visited on "  The Amazing Race . " -LSB- Mycoskie and his sister participated in the reality TV show in 2002 . -RSB- I found myself going on to Argentina . I went to some of the villages and it was one of the defining moments of my life when I saw these kids not wearing shoes . That 's where I kind of had this ` ah ha ' moment . I started thinking , what if I started a business where every time I sold a pair of shoes , I would guarantee that customer that I would give another pair to someone who does not have shoes ? CNN : How did you pursue your vision ? Did you have any experience as a designer or shoemaker ? Mycoskie : I had absolutely no experience in shoes or fashion so I approached the business how I have done everything in my life , and that 's with reckless ambition . There were a lot of really cool styles of shoes in Argentina that we did not have in the United States so I picked one of them , the alpargata , and I started figuring out how to make shoes . CNN : Did you expect the company to be a big success when you launched ? Mycoskie : I was not really looking to make any money on the deal . I wanted to be able to sell the shoes for enough money to give away another pair and to hire one or two people to administer it and keep it going once I went back to work . But what I found was that not only did people find this concept just very intriguing - from a fashion perspective , people loved these shoes . All of a sudden I started selling in the top boutiques . CNN : When did you realize that TOMS was going to be much more than a small project ? Mycoskie : I think the crowning moment was when Vogue magazine called and that was a few months after we started . That was when I was really like , ` Wow , this is not just some small little shoe philanthropy that I have created . ' This could be a real business and it could be a real player in the fashion industry and it could really set a tone for how fashion companies could give back . CNN : Has philanthropy always been a priority for you ? Mycoskie : I always thought that I would spend the first half of my life making money so I can spend the second half of my life giving it all away . And one of the defining moments of my life was when I realized that I could do both at the same time with TOMS . CNN : What are some of your proudest achievements ? Mycoskie : One thing that is most unique about TOMS and I think that I 'm most proud of is that every single pair -LSB- of shoes -RSB- is hand placed onto a child 's foot . CNN : How has TOMS evolved since you started it in 2006 ? Mycoskie : A big part of our business that has changed over the past year is that now we also have a travel organization that takes volunteers all over the world on these trips and -LSB- they -RSB- get the experience of giving away the shoes . CNN : Tell us about the process of producing TOMS . Mycoskie : A very big passion of mine and that of the people that run our production is finding factories that have fair labor practices and treating them more like partners in our family than people just who are going to produce for us . One of the things we have always done with all of our factories is I personally visit them and we actually show our documentary film about what we do . When you connect with the factory like that , everything goes much better . CNN : You 've called yourself a serial entrepreneur . Do you have another business in the pipeline ? Mycoskie : I can honestly say that TOMS is my future . I mean I have no desire to start any other company for as long as I live because this is the perfect blend of business and philanthropy to me . CNN : What 's next for TOMS ? Mycoskie : The future of TOMS is really creating a whole new business model of this one-for-one giving and expanding the TOMS model from shoes into other products as well . So while we are not committed to doing anything else right now , we are looking for partners out there who have great products and that want to find a way to incorporate giving back .	Blake Mycoskie talks about his innovative business , TOMS Shoes He wants to provide children in need with shoes in a sustainable way Mycoskie wants other firms to incorporate the idea of "  one-for-one " giving
CNN  A former Florida A&M University band member has been sentenced to more than six years in prison for organizing the hazing that killed drum major Robert Champion Jr. . Dante Martin , 27 , was one of 15 people charged in the 2011 hazing incident . Prosecutors said he organized the brutal initiation , known as "  Crossing Bus C , " that band members had to go through . In October , Martin was found guilty of manslaughter and felony hazing . On Friday , an Orange County circuit court judge sentenced him to 77 months . "  I honestly am ashamed that I can even remotely be a part or associated with anything that could take the life of a human being , " Martin , who did n't testify at trial , said in court Friday . "  It hurts me . I 'm terribly sorry . " Champion , 26 of Decatur , Georgia , died after he was beaten aboard a school bus after a football game in Orlando , Florida . The initiation requires pledges to run down the center of the bus while being punched , kicked and assaulted by senior members , band members have said . A medical examiner ruled Champion 's death a homicide , saying he suffered multiple blunt trauma blows and internal bleeding from the beating . Champion died in the parking lot within an hour of the assault . FAMU 's famed marching band , known as the Marching 100 , was suspended for the 2012-13 school year after Champion 's death . The college pledged to make reforms and address hazing both on and off campus . FAMU is one of the nation 's top university marching bands , famous for its elaborate dance formations and innovative style . In court Friday , both Champion 's mother and father addressed Martin . "  I just want to let you know , I forgive you . I do n't hate you at all , " mother Pam Champion said . "  And I do n't want you shedding tears for my family because my fight is not over . My fight is not with you . " Nine former band members have pleaded guilty to lesser charges and received community service and probation . Three others go on trial later this year .	Dante Martin , 27 , was one of 15 people charged in the incident "  I 'm terribly sorry , " he says
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Notions of a cease-fire in Libya quickly faded Saturday as a battle raged for control of the oil town of al-Brega , where rebel fighters claimed they had lost fighters and vehicles to NATO airstrikes . Airstrikes hit several rebel vehicles and killed at least 13 rebel fighters , spokesmen for the Libyan opposition said Saturday . Seven others were wounded . NATO was investigating the incident , a spokeswoman said Saturday . "  NATO takes any reports of civilian casualties very seriously , but exact details are hard to verify as we have no reliable sources on the ground , " NATO 's Oana Lungescu said . "  Clearly , if someone fires at one of our aircraft , of course they have the right to defend themselves . " Rebel spokesman Abdul Hafiz Ghoga said opposition fighters had retaken al-Brega after a night of heavy fighting with Moammar Gadhafi 's forces . But it was not immediately clear who commanded control Saturday of the coastal city that has now changed hands six times in as many weeks under the dramatically shifting circumstances of the Libyan war . Meanwhile , in Misrata , east of Tripoli , two mortars landed at a medical clinic Saturday evening , causing one death and numerous injuries , said a medical official with the city 's main hospital . The doctor , who was not identified for security reasons , told CNN the clinic that was attacked had evacuated patients because of recent attacks , but was being guarded by opposition "  fighters and young people . " One person was killed and 15 injured , said the doctor , who was caring for the wounded . Five had serious injuries , including head and chest trauma , he said . Forces loyal to Gadhafi showed no signs of backing down after officials spurned an opposition cease-fire proposal . Government spokesman Musa Ibrahim told reporters in Tripoli on Friday that rebels were not "  really serious " about the offer , which he said included "  silly conditions . " "  They are asking us to withdraw from our own cities and open our cities to people , who are holding up arms , who are tribal , violent , no unified leadership , al Qaeda links , and no one knows who they are . If this is not mad , then I do n't know what it is , " he said . "  We will not leave our cities . We will not stop protecting our civilians . " His comments came after Libyan opposition leader Mustafa Abdul Jalil laid out cease-fire conditions that included freedom of expression for the Libyan people and the removal of snipers , mercenaries and militias from western cities . Ultimately , he said , the opposition 's goal remains regime change in Libya . Ghoga sought to clarify the opposition 's position Saturday . "  There is no , and was no , negotiation on a cease-fire with Colonel Gaddafi 's dictatorship , " he said at a Bengahzi news conference . He repeated the opposition demands that Gadhafi halt all military action , end the sieges laid on cities like Misrata and allow free speech and assembly . Sources close to Gadhafi told CNN that political solutions are still possible but that the Libyan leader would relinquish power only to others within his inner circle . They said there is still time for dialogue but expressed doubts about who would represent the opposition . Any transition , they said , would involve Gadhafi 's second son , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , and for such a transition to take place there would first have to be an end to the fighting . The Libyan sources told CNN that for now , Gadhafi remains confident the regime can withstand any challenge from the rebels . U.S. officials claim Gadhafi 's military capabilities have been steadily eroded since the onset of U.N.-sanctioned airstrikes . The dictator 's forces , however , still outnumber rebels by about 10 to 1 in terms of armor and other ground forces , according to Navy Adm. Mike Mullen , the Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Nic Robertson and Reza Sayah contributed to this report	NEW : Mortar rounds land in Misrata clinic , causing casualties Coalition airstrikes hit several rebel vehicles , reports say A government spokesman says the rebels are not serious about a cease-fire An opposition leader calls for the removal of snipers , mercenaries and militias
CNN  -- June 12 Presidential elections are held following a campaign that saw huge rallies held in support of both incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and main opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi , suggesting the race would be closely fought . Incumbent Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad casts his vote in Tehran last week . June 13 Moussavi calls for vote counting to stop , saying there are "  blatant violations . " The government says Ahmadinejad won the ballot with 62.63 percent of the vote , while Moussavi received 33.75 percent of the vote . Following the announcement , angry crowds in Iran 's capital break into shops , tear down signs and start fires as they protest the re-election of Ahmadinejad . June 14 Ahmadinejad gives victory speech , declines to guarantee the safety of Moussavi . Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei gives his blessing to the outcome of the election . Authorities close Arabic network Al-Arabiya 's Tehran bureau for a week without offering a reason . Protests continue by Moussavi supporters , triggering a counterreaction from supporters of Ahmadinejad , tens of thousands of whom rallied in central Tehran . Men on motorcycles -- reportedly Ahmadinejad backers -- chase demonstrators and beat them with clubs , metal batons and baseball bats . June 15 Khamenei agrees to an investigation into the disputed presidential election and asks opposition leader Moussavi to pursue his allegation of ballot fraud through legal means . Moussavi supporters take to the streets in the largest protest since the 1979 revolution . Moussavi makes his first public appearance since the vote . At least 8 people are reported dead -- one at the end of the protest , the others after allegedly attacking a military post . Mohammad Ali Abtahi -- a former vice president who backed pro-reform presidential candidate , Mehdi Karrubi -- is arrested . Media rights group Reporters Without Borders urges nations not to recognize the results of the election , citing censorship and a crackdown on journalists . June 16 Iran 's Guardian Council election authority , a body of senior clerics and judges , agrees to recount some votes . Ahmadinejad leaves for Russia to meet with President Dmitry Medvedev . He is welcomed as the "  newly re-elected president of Iran . " Ahmadinejad returns to Iran later the same day . Moussavi rejects the recount , saying it will be misused add more credence to a fraudulent ballot . He calls for fresh elections . With rival rallies planned by backers of both Moussavi and Ahmadinejad in the center of Tehran , Moussavi urges his supporters to stay away , fearing further violence . Iran 's Ministry of Culture issues a ban on foreign media reporting from the streets of Tehran , meaning international news crews including CNN were not allowed to leave their hotels and offices . Thousands of people take to the streets in support of both sides in the disputed election . Iran 's all-powerful leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , appeals to the country 's people to stand behind the Islamic republic . June 17 Iran 's Revolutionary Guard , a powerful military force that enforces strict Islamic codes , threatens legal actions against Web sites it says are inciting violence . It also accuses U.S. and Canadian companies , including American intelligence agencies , for financially and technically supporting the Web sites . Moussavi 's supporters take to streets of Tehran in a fifth day of demonstrations , staging what is billed as a "  silent protest , " with some marchers wearing tape over their mouths . Rally passes without violence . Rights group Amnesty International says other protests are staged in other cities across Iran . Iran 's national football team wears green arm and wrist bands during a World Cup qualifying match in South Korea , a symbol taken by many to indicate solidarity with Moussavi 's supporters . June 18 Thousands of supporters of Mir Hossein Moussavi protest for a sixth consecutive day , many trading their green clothes for black garments in honor of at least eight protesters killed Monday . Meanwhile , in a televised speech , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claims remarks he made on Sunday were taken out of context . After claiming victory in the elections , Ahmadinejad compared the putative losers to fans of a losing soccer team . "  I was addressing those who started riots and set up fires and attacked people , " he told the state-run news agency IRINN . Press TV reports that Iran 's Intelligence Ministry said it had arrested a number of "  main agents " behind vandalism during the daily demonstrations . June 19 In his first public appearance since the elections , supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei endorses Ahmadinejad 's win , insisting the margin of victory -- some 11 million votes -- was too large to have been manipulated . Khamenei expresses his support for Ahmadinejad and calls for an end to the protests , which he accused foreign powers including Britain , Israel and the United States of helping foment . He urged critics of the electoral process to seek redress through legal channels and warned that perpetrators of violent unrest would be punished .	President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad wins ballot with 62.63 percent of the vote Chief rival Mir Hossein Moussavi receives 33.75 percent Supporters of Moussavi dispute results and take to the streets of Tehran Iran 's election authority agrees to recount some votes
CNN  -- A Nebraska "  hate crime " that targeted an openly gay woman and that triggered responses from candlelight vigils locally to Facebook postings of support nationwide was staged by the alleged victim , authorities said Tuesday as they charged the woman with lying to police . Charlie Rogers -- a former basketball player for the University of Nebraska who identifies herself as lesbian -- told police that three masked men entered her home on July 22 , stripped her , tied her down , and carved homophobic slurs into her body before attempting to set her and the house on fire . But the Lincoln Police Department said Tuesday that "  the physical evidence conflicted with Charlie Rogers ' version of events " and that "  extensive investigation revealed numerous inconsistencies . " Previously on CNN.com : Woman speaks out after alleged hate crime Rogers was arrested Tuesday , police said . Her attorney , Brett McArthur , told CNN Tuesday night that Rogers had agreed as part of an arrangement to turn herself in , in exchange for a personal recognizance bond . "  She did not have to post any money " to be released , McArthur said , adding that his client pleaded not guilty to the charge of lying to police . "  She maintains her innocence . This has been kind of a kick in the gut as a victim to turn around and be charged , " McArthur said . In a news release , police cited DNA and pathologists ' examinations that did not substantiate Rogers ' original statements , and changes in her story during the investigation . "  These were serious allegations that garnered national attention and spread fear among local citizens , " the police statement said . "  A great deal of time and resources were spent investigating Charlie Rogers ' claims in hopes of identifying and arresting the three suspects in this case . " Beth Rigatuso , president of Heartland Pride based in Omaha , organized a vigil that attracted over 1,000 people in the aftermath of the reported attack . For her , the news that it may have been a hoax is "  a pretty big blow . " "  I do n't feel betrayed as much as I feel sad for how , if this is really true ... there is a lot of things going on with her , " Rigatuso said . "  It leads to a bigger problem in our society that someone would do this . " Rigatuso said she hopes people would not turn their backs on Rogers now . The vigil she put together in Omaha raised more than $ 1,800 , all of which was deposited in an account for Rogers . "  We 'd like to get the funds returned to us so we can establish our own fund to support victims of anti-gay violence . " Rigatuso said Tuesday . McArthur , Rogers ' attorney , said he "  knows nothing " about the fund or how much money might be in it . He said it was in place before he became Rogers ' lawyer . According to the Lincoln Police Department complaint , Rogers , 33 , provided information "  she knew to be false " with the intent to "  instigate an investigation of an alleged criminal matter . " Rogers reported to police that she was lying on her bed when the alleged attackers held her down and carved "  derogatory words " into her arms and abdomen and "  a cross " in her chest . She told police she was then rolled onto her stomach where more cuts were made . But according to a deposition from Lincoln police investigator Lynette Russell filed as part of the complaint , Rogers bedspread was "  evenly placed on the bed and no apparent sign of a struggle . " A DNA lab test found no evidence of blood on the bedspread . Russell also described a pair of white gloves found at the scene that Rogers had said were not hers . "  Ms. Rogers DNA profile was the major contributor to the DNA located on the inside of the gloves , " Russell said . Furthermore , the deposition said , the FBI sent photos of Rogers ' cuts to a forensic pathologist , who believed the wounds to be self-inflicted . "  This opinion is based partially on the fact that the cuts appeared superficial and symmetrical , avoided sensitive areas of the body , ... are accessible to the victim and follow the victim 's frame of reference for reading and writing , " the deposition said . Rumors had been circulating in recent weeks in Lincoln and on the Internet due to the fact that police had yet to pinpoint any suspects . The urge to respond to rumors prompted Rogers to give her one and only interview . "  For people to think this does n't happen here , it does , " Rogers told CNN affiliate KETV on July 27 . "  It did . " She refused to discuss the incident itself during that interview . Rogers ' attorney at the time , Megan Mikolajczyk , told CNN her client was ready for a full interview early last week , but canceled saying "  things have changed . " Mikolajczyk said Tuesday that she is no longer Rogers ' attorney . According to neighbor Linda Rappl , Rogers ' showed up on her doorstep bloodied in the early morning hours immediately following the alleged attack last month . "  I was in shock , " Rappl said soon after the incident . "  She was naked , her hands were tied with zip ties . All I could see was a cut across her forehead and blood running down . " Rappl said she took the sobbing Rogers inside and wrapped her in a blanket before calling 911 .	NEW : The woman pleads not guilty to lying to police , her attorney says NEW : "  This has been kind of a kick in the gut as a victim to ... be charged , " lawyer says Charlie Rogers told police she was attacked in her home last month Authorities now say the incident was staged
Two members of the dissident Russian punk band Pussy Riot were attacked by a group of men while eating breakfast at a McDonald 's restaurant in a Russian city on Thursday . The unidentified men threw trash and squirted paint at the two band members , Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina , in the city of Nizhny Novgorod , about 400 kilometers  250 miles  east of Moscow . The band members posted a video of the attack online , which left them with paint smeared over their faces . The video shows a group of about six men assaulting the women , who are seated at a table . The men shout obscenities and tell the women to get out of the city and go to America . Tolokonnikova cries out at one point , stumbling away from the table holding her face . Pussy Riot gained international attention in 2012 after members of the band were arrested for performing an expletive-ridden song denouncing Russian President Vladimir Putin in a Russian Orthodox cathedral in Moscow . Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina , who both have young children , were sent to prison after being convicted of hooliganism and inciting religious hatred . Russian authorities freed the pair in December . Several other high-profile critics of the Russian government were released ahead of the Winter Olympics , which took place in the resort of Sochi last month . Nearly two years in prison failed to silence Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina . After their release , they immediately resumed their denunciations of the Kremlin , as well as the conditions that inmates endure in Russian prisons . Their continued activism has kept them in conflict with Russian authorities . They went to Sochi during the Olympics to voice their concerns . While there , they were briefly detained by police and beaten by a group of Cossacks . In the video of Thursday 's attack , Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina said they had gone to Nizhny Novgorod because they heard of prisoners ' rights being violated there and wanted to help .	Unidentified men throw trash and squirt paint in the women 's faces at a McDonald 's They shout obscenities and tell the women to leave and go to America The dissident band members say they wanted to help local prisoners The two Pussy Riot members were released from prison in December
CNN  -- A South Boston priest has been placed on administrative leave after his arrest on child pornography charges , which allegedly involved the use of a parish rectory computer . Rev. Andrew Urbaniak , pastor of Our Lady of Czestochowa , is barred from functioning as a priest and was arraigned Wednesday after detectives uncovered pornographic images of young girls on his computer . The children are thought to be between the ages of 8 and 10 , police said . When detectives entered the rectory on Tuesday , they apparently found the computer was in the process of downloading material from a peer-to-peer network , according to prosecutors . The nature of that material is not clear . Urbaniak , 39 , was arrested Tuesday afternoon after a two-month police investigation of peer-to-peer networks , which involved state troopers assigned to the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force . He is charged with one count of possession of child pornography and one count of distributing images of a child in the nude . During the investigation , authorities said they noticed files with names that included phrases such as "  pre-teen , " "  young , " "  little , " "  pedo , " "  pedofilia " and "  lolitas . " The files were hosted by a computer that was eventually linked to the computer at the Dorchester Avenue rectory , authorities said . "  These charges are serious , and they are especially disturbing given the defendant 's position of trust , " said Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel F. Conley . "  They reflect sexually explicit images of very young girls who are , legally and morally , incapable of consenting to such exploitation . " Urbaniak is being held on $ 10,000 cash bail . Once released , he is required to wear a GPS monitoring device , surrender his passport , be barred from Internet use and have no contact with children younger than 16 . Urbaniak has not been charged with enticing a child , and no victims have come forward . His attorney , Jeffrey Denner , said it is their "  intention to assess and obtain all the evidence . " "  The whole situation is very disquieting and very saddening , " he added . "  We are obviously treating it with the gravity and respect it deserves . "	NEW : Andrew Urbaniak is n't allowed to function as a priest ; he was arraigned Wednesday The South Boston priest is on administrative leave after his arrest Police say detectives uncovered pornographic images of young girls on his computer Urbaniak 's attorney could not be immediately reached for comment
CNN  -- Sudan on Tuesday signed a framework peace accord with rebels from the nation 's volatile Darfur region , state media reported . The framework agreement is considered the first step towards the achievement of a lasting peace accord in Darfur . The signing of the cease-fire agreement with the rebel Justice and Equality Movement coincided with a four-way summit in Doha , Qatar , the state-run SUNA news agency said . Participants at the summit include the emir of Qatar , Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani ; Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir ; the president of Chad , Idris Deby ; and Eritrean President Assais Afwerki , SUNA reported . The participants are expected to discuss means of achieving peace in the region , welcoming the steps for realizing peace in Darfur , progress of the relations between Qatar , Sudan , Chad and Eritrea and other issues of mutual concern , SUNA said . Tahir al-Fati , chairman of the Justice and Equality Movement 's legislative assembly , told CNN on Saturday that a preliminary document for the framework agreement was signed Saturday in Chad between representatives of the two sides . A permanent cease-fire -- which , according to this preliminary accord , is to be signed before March 15 -- will be a final step , al-Fati said . Last year , Sudan 's government and the JEM rebels signed a confidence-building agreement in Qatar , a step toward ending the six-year conflict that has killed hundreds of thousands . Qatar has been mediating talks between the two sides in the Darfur conflict , which erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Khartoum government . The government launched a brutal counterinsurgency campaign , aided by government-backed Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . Al-Bashir is under pressure to end the fighting , particularly after the International Criminal Court charged him with genocide last year in connection with the government 's campaign of violence in Darfur . In the past seven years , more than 300,000 people have been killed through direct combat , disease or malnutrition , the United Nations says . An additional 2.7 million people fled their homes because of fighting among rebels , government forces and allied militias . CNN 's Jennifer Z. Deaton contributed to this report .	A permanent cease-fire , according to preliminary accord , is to be signed before March 15 Qatar has been mediating between Sudan and rebel Justice and Equality Movement Conflict erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Khartoum government In past seven years more than 300,000 people killed through combat , disease , malnutrition
CNN  -- Libya 's government called for calm Tuesday after heavy fighting between local militias around the Libyan coastal city of Zuwara killed at least 17 people and wounded dozens more . The roughly 80 reported wounded filled Zuwara 's hospital and included several civilians , said Ayoob Sufyan , a spokesman for the city government . Many of the wounded were severely hurt , and an appeal for blood donations went out on local radio . "  The situation is terrible , " Sufyan told CNN as sporadi explosions and gunfire echoed in the background . "  It is a real war now . " Sufyan called the violence the worst in that stretch of western Libya since the revolt that toppled longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi in August . Fighting broke out several days ago between factions from Zuwara , a largely Berber city near the Tunisian border , and the nearby Arab-dominated towns of Raghdalin and Jamail . The area has a history of ethnic enmity . Most of Tuesday 's deaths were in the outlying towns , but at least seven were reported dead in Zuwara , Sufyan said . Libya 's National Transitional Council said it had dispatched a delegation of officials from Tripoli to seek an end to the fighting and a force of government troops to intervene and close off the area . "  The council calls on all Libyans , of all ethnicities , to preserve national unity and to exercise self-restraint , to rise above personal and insignificant differences and to not resort to weapons to resolve unresolved issues , " the NTC said in a statement issued Tuesday evening . Libyan authorities have been struggling to maintain peace in the country since the revolt that toppled Gadhafi in August . Weapons have flooded Libya 's streets , and clashes have raged between rival groups -- including deadly tribal battles in the southern city of Sabha that left nearly 150 people dead last week . The council said it would "  work with all its power and strictly to pursue those who have caused these incidents that aim to destabilize the country . " The latest hostilities started when Zuwara fighters were among a group of more than 60 who were driving back home recently from the Tunisian border where they were posted , Sufyan said . They were intercepted by a large number of armed men , whom Sufyan described as Gadhafi loyalists . He said some of the Zuwara militiamen managed to flee , but 25 others were captured and held for more than two days . Sufyan said the men were severely beaten and tortured by their captors , who called them "  rats " and "  NATO agents " -- terms that had been used by the Gadhafi regime to describe rebel fighters . The NTC intervened and secured the release of the militiamen . But after they were freed , clashes broke out Sunday . And that fighting intensified Tuesday , as mortars and rockets rained down on the city . Sufyan said fighters from Zuwara were on the front line fighting back . A Facebook page used by Gadhafi loyalists called "  We Are All Moammar Gadhafi " is reporting shelling by "  NATO rats " on Jamail and Raghdalin . Civilian casualties include a mother and her two children whose home in Jamail was shelled . But Sufyan said the people of Zuwara are "  more than friends " with other Arab cities , like neighboring Zawiya , and blamed the tensions on discrimination by the people of Jamail and Raghdalin . Sufyan complained about what he said were empty promises by the Tripoli government and the National Transitional Council . For months , the government has been promising to disarm the areas surrounding Zuwara after previous incidents , but nothing was done . He said the people of Zuwara feel they have been abandoned because they are Berbers , not Arabs . "  Our people are dying , and they are doing nothing , " Sufyan said . Col. Ali al-Sheiki , a Ministry of Defense spokesman , told CNN a military committee met Monday to resolve the situation around Zuwara . He said the government will intervene to stop the fighting and work on national reconciliation . If the situation escalates after peaceful intervention , al-Sheiki said , the national army could be deployed to stop the fighting . Al-Sheiki said it was not clear what the cause of the fighting was . He said that despite reports of Jamail and Raghdalin fighters being Gadhafi loyalists , "  It is not 100 % confirmed there are former regime elements in the towns . "	NEW : Local officials say 17 dead and dozens wounded NEW : NTC leaders urge unity and "  self-restraint " Fights have raged between rival groups since the Gadhafi regime was toppled last year People from the largely Berber town of Zuwara are clashing with residents of Arab towns
CNN  Modern women are suffering from an energy crisis . Competing in the workplace , caring for aging parents and trying teenagers , and busier than ever , we use anything we can to duct-tape our lives and ourselves together : comfort foods , alcohol , energy drinks , and an expanding array of antidepressants , anti-anxiety meds , painkillers and amphetamines . All in an effort to maintain our unnatural pace . Welcome to the increasingly altered states of America . Americans are about 5 % of the world 's population , yet we take half its pills , and 80 % of its painkillers.This over-medication has led to record numbers of opiate overdoses and also to a growing number of women taking antidepressants -- one out of four and counting , according to a report issued by the pharmacy benefit manager , Medco . This is creating a "  new normal , " bringing closer the tipping point for when other women will seek chemical assistance . Like steroids in baseball , when everyone starts doing it , the players who do n't are at a disadvantage . The overuse of psychiatric medication is called cosmetic psychopharmacology , and it 's like cosmetic surgery : as more women get breast implants , the rest of us feel flat chested . But the new normal is n't normal at all . Certain antidepressants called SSRIs  selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors  create artificially stable and elevated levels of serotonin , the brain chemical that helps regulate mood , which can dampen empathy and emotional reactivity , while higher doses can engender apathy . Women are naturally moody . Our moods change , and this emotional fluidity helps us to be adaptable and resilient . We are dynamic and responsive to our environment . There is a biological advantage to this sensitivity ; we need to know what our nonverbal babies need , what our mates are thinking and to sense danger in our surroundings . Moodiness -- being sensitive , caring deeply and occasionally being acutely dissatisfied -- is actually a natural source of power . It helps to ensure not only our survival , but that of our offspring . Women 's emotionality is a sign of health , not disease , and it is our single biggest psychological asset . Yet many of us are being convinced to medicate it away . The pharmaceutical industry spends billions in payments to physicians and direct to consumer advertising . Nine out of 10 pharmaceutical companies spend less on research and development than marketing.Steady doses of antidepressant advertising aimed at women advance the question from "  Should I take an antidepressant ? " to "  Which one should I take ? " These medications can have more far-reaching effects than most people realize , blunting empathy , passion , and sensitivity . SSRIs dampen sexual desire and response , making it difficult to climax and interfering with the evaluation of potential romantic partners . SSRIs also make it hard to cry , an important signal to ourselves and those around us that something is very wrong . Tears , and the emotions beneath them , can offer a profound lesson in how people 's behavior affects others . We cry when we 're touched by the poignancy of humanity , or when we 're angry , or frustrated by injustice . And yet , women apologize for their tears , especially in the workplace , where we 've been socialized to shut down expressed emotion ; it interferes with our typical agenda of forward-momentum , and it makes people uncomfortable . The problem with shutting it down is that we 're stifling a piece that we need , that our partners and families need , and that society needs , particularly as women continue to ascend to the upper reaches of business and government . The world needs more compassion , sensitivity , intuition and empathy . War , rape , murder , and corporate malignancy will flourish in their absence . Change comes from discomfort -- and awareness that something is wrong . Sadness and fear are not always symptoms to be medicated . Anxiety and tension come foremost from the denial of emotions , from their repression . My patients want to feel better , but really what many of them need is to get better at feeling . The shame that for centuries has been used by our culture to separate men from their true feelings is now spreading to women , who , by their biology , are the last and much needed connection to this natural place . As we embrace new technologies , we need to be careful that we do n't go too far away from nature and what 's natural for us as social primates . We insist on all natural products in our baby food and household cleaners . Why do n't we insist on natural moods for ourselves ? If we can live in a way that is more aligned to what is genuine for us , we will be calmer , more at peace and more fulfilled . But we are drowning in artificiality . There is a "  plastic vortex " of garbage the size of Texas floating in the Pacific Ocean , synthetic fillers in our breasts and faces , virtual sex partners on our computers and artificially enhanced rationality from serotonergic antidepressants . We compulsively consume this fakery without satiation or satisfaction , because it is impossible to fill up on something that is almost enough . We need a course correction , away from the synthetic , so that we can live lives that honor how we feel . But to do that , we must be able to feel , to be our moody , authentic selves . That is the first step to wellness and to wholeness . Medicating yourself into complacency may leave you unshaken , but it also may leave you unfeeling and apathetic , making it impossible to address the causes of your pain . Do n't put the alarm on mute .	Julie Holland : American women taking too many anti-depressants , blunting their valuable emotional reactivity , creating new normal She says anti-depressants dampen moodiness , but it 's healthy , useful for women to be moody . Changing natural state damages society
CNN  -- Man 's best friend ? Maybe not . A pooch in Alabama got its owner busted for alleged drug offenses -- all with a gleeful wag of its tail . The dog , Bo , was caught up in the incident when police executed a drug search warrant this week at the Prattville home of suspect Edward Melvin Henderson . Henderson took off and dashed toward a wooded area at the back of his home , the Prattville Police Department said in a statement . Bo , a mix of a pit bull and husky , ran after Henderson after investigators told the dog to "  go get him . " Authorities briefly lost sight of them and were close to giving up . But an excited Bo had found his owner hiding in tall grass , and was wagging his tail . Authorities saw the tail and arrested Henderson . "  Henderson was taken into custody without further incident , thanks to his dog Bo , " the statement said . "  The search warrant resulted in the recovery of methamphetamine and components from a meth lab . " Henderson was charged with failure to obey police , two counts of unlawful manufacture of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia . As for Bo , he is doing fine after the Tuesday incident . Relatives are taking care of him and the local animal control has been checking up on him .	Police executed a drug search warrant at the home of a suspect Edward Melvin Henderson ran into the woods , his dog in hot pursuit He hid in the woods , where his dog found him The dog wagged its tail excitedly ; authorities saw the tail and arrested Henderson
Washington  CNN  -- Washington Wizards point guard Gilbert Arenas has been charged with a felony gun violation after admitting he drew guns in the team locker room in a highly publicized December 21 incident . Arenas was charged with one count of carrying a pistol without a license , according to court documents filed Thursday . "  We are aware of the charge filed against Gilbert Arenas today and will continue to follow the ongoing legal process very carefully , " the team said . "  We will also cooperate fully with the proper authorities and the NBA . " The team said it would have no further comment beyond their previous statements on "  this serious and unfortunate matter . " A hearing is scheduled for 2:30 p.m. Friday in Superior Court in Washington before Judge Robert E. Morin . There was no immediate comment from his attorney , Kenneth L. Wainstein . It was n't immediately clear when Arenas , who has been indefinitely suspended from the NBA , would be arraigned on the charge . The document that describes the charge is called an "  information , " which is filed when a plea agreement has been reached . A basketball source familiar with the investigation said the Wizards have been informed that Arenas has reached a plea agreement with prosecutors . The team has been told by Arenas ' legal circle that the agreement does not involve jail time , the source said . Arenas ' indefinite suspension remains in effect until a separate NBA investigation is complete and Commissioner David Stern reaches a decision , the source said . The league investigation , which had been on hold at the request of federal prosecutors , will now resume , the source said . Arenas described the incident as "  a misguided effort to play a joke on a teammate " in a statement released earlier this month . "  Contrary to some press accounts , I never threatened or assaulted anyone with the guns and never pointed them at anyone . Joke or not , I now recognize that what I did was a mistake and was wrong . " Citing NBA sources , the New York Post reported in December that Arenas and Javaris Crittenton both brandished firearms in the team 's locker room . Crittenton 's agent , Mark Bartelstein , said his client "  has n't done anything wrong . I 'm extremely confident he 'll be exonerated . " Asked if Crittenton brought a gun into the Verizon Center that day , Bartelstein said , "  I 'm not going to get into details . " He said Crittenton has not met with authorities , nor has such a meeting been requested or scheduled . Arenas , a three-time NBA All-Star , spent January 15 in a voluntary meeting with federal prosecutors at the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Washington and with District of Columbia metropolitan police , according to his attorney . Arenas said he told authorities he stored four unloaded guns in his locker at the Verizon Center to keep them away from his children . "  I brought them without any ammunition into the District of Columbia , mistakenly believing that the recent change in the D.C. gun laws allowed a person to store unloaded guns in the District , " he said . He offered a public apology at the time to the league , his teammates and his fans , saying , "  I promise to do better in the future . " Some have urged the Wizards to void Arenas ' contract , but the source said there is nothing specific in the players ' collective bargaining agreement regarding a legal threshold for doing so . League officials believe a felony conviction would give the Wizards better standing in the event that such a decision was made and challenged , but the agreement is unclear . The Wizards have said any such deliberations would not occur until the legal and league processes are complete . CNN 's Terry Frieden , Carol Cratty and John King contributed to this report .	Arenas charged with one count of carrying pistol without a license in locker room incident It is unclear when Arenas , who has been suspended from NBA , will be arraigned on charge Arenas has described incident as "  misguided effort to play a joke on a teammate " Arenas said he told authorities that he stored guns in locker to keep them away from his kids
CNN  -- We are a nosy country . Though to be fair , it 's not entirely our fault . Between the 24/7 news cycle , social media and reality TV , we have been spoon fed other people 's private business for so long we now assume it 's a given to know everything . And if there are people who choose not to disclose , they must be hiding something . Being told that something 's "  none of your business " is slowly being characterized as rude , and if such a statement is coming from the government , it seems incriminating . Times have changed . Yet , not everything is our business . And in the political arena , there are things that should be and need to be kept quiet . News : Issa , White House clash over Fast and Furious executive privilege I know that 's hard to digest in a society where pregnancies and marriages of D-list celebrities make the cover of People magazine , but there comes a point where the public 's right to know needs to take a back seat to matters like national security and diplomacy . Heads should roll because of the Fast and Furious debacle . We do n't need every detail of that operation to be made public in order for that to happen . If it were an isolated sting , maybe . But it is at least the third incarnation of a gun-running scheme stretching across two administrations , which means we could be pressing to open Pandora 's Box . We do not want to open Pandora 's Box , not about this and certainly not about a bunch of other potentially scandalous things the federal government has been involved with . Fast and Furious ? Please . We still do n't have access to all of the messy facts surrounding the Iran-Contra scandal that erupted during the Reagan administration . All we know is that weapons were sold to Iran in exchange for hostages and that the proceeds from those sales were used to illegally fund rebels in Nicaragua who were supposedly fighting Communism . Lt. Col. Oliver North took one for the team back then , and there 's a good chance Attorney General Eric Holder will have to take one for the team in the Fast and Furious controversy . And by team , I 'm not referring to Republicans or Democrats , but rather Americans . You see , freedom is n't entirely free . It also is n't squeaky clean . And sometimes the federal government deems it necessary to get its hands a little dirty in the hopes of achieving something we generally accept as good for the country . News : By the numbers : Fast and Furious Such as the death of Osama bin Laden . We danced , we cried , but we did not make a big deal about a secret operation that was executed in Pakistan without the permission of the Pakistani government . The Obama administration did what it thought was in the best interest of America . Much in the same way , Project Wide Receiver and Project Road Runner -- the earlier versions of Fast and Furious under President Bush -- were executed with the hope that they will do more good than harm . Hardly anyone in the public knows the finer points of these programs . Were they legal ? Hell no . Were they effective ? Who knows ? Were they done as a way to keep America safe ? Yes . North was a fall guy . Not for President Reagan but for all of us . Just as Holder has become a villain to many who are pointing fingers at him . But to go much beyond the criticism of these men runs the risk of learning that this great nation of ours is heavily involved in doing some things that are not so great . Think about it : We have allowed weapons to cross the Mexican border and into the hands of criminals for years . Many of these weapons were involved in killing innocent Mexicans . There 's nothing very admirable about that . But the truth is , it 's very American . By allowing guns to infiltrate Mexico 's drug cartel , we thought we could trace them up the ladder to the leaders . Take off the head and the body dies . As for the innocent people who lost their lives ? Collateral damage . That 's the uncomfortable backstory to this scandal . And there are likely other operations like it in our nation 's history that we do n't even have a clue about . And maybe it 's better for us not to be so nosy , not to know everything because , to paraphrase the famous line from the movie "  A Few Good Men , " many of us wo n't be able to handle the truth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : In things like national security , the public does n't need to know the details Granderson : Fast and Furious scandal is n't the first secret sting from the government He says our government sometimes gets its hands dirty in order to achieve a broader goal Granderson : Maybe it 's better for us not to be so nosy about these kinds of operations
CNN  -- When celebrating an important anniversary , it 's always good to look your best . At least that 's the theory behind the latest kit for Spanish football team Cultural y Deportivo Leonesa , whose players donned a somewhat special uniform for a preseason tournament Wednesday . A cross between formal evening-wear and a sporting outfit , the tuxedo-esque strip was specially designed by Danish firm Hummel to celebrate the third division side 's 90th birthday . The club will give 10 % of the proceeds to charities for mining families based in the region of Leon where it is based , while local children will also receive free football kits and coaching classes . Fan reaction has been mixed since last week 's preview , says Hummel 's marketing manager Henning Nielsen , but the jersey has garnered worldwide attention for a team which has only once graced Spain 's top flight -- back in the 1955-56 season . "  The club wanted to help the mining industry in the region , which is having some really tough times , " Nielsen told CNN . "  We wanted to go in and explore the club 's heritage and find what has local character , and incorporate that into the design . "  The club is celebrating its 90-year anniversary , so instead of having a formal reception with wine and drinks and snacks the club decided to do something ... another way with a bit of character . " The concept of designing a special-edition football kit to carry a special message is far from a new one -- especially in Spain . In 2000 , Deportivo Alaves released a shirt that featured the name of every season ticket-holder at the club to show solidarity between the then top-flight team and its fans . Second division club Deportivo Lugo , meanwhile , has released two special-edition kits for the coming preseason that take the appearance of a glass of beer and an octopus -- two delicacies of the Galicia region in northwest Spain where the side is based . La Hoya Lorca has played the last two Segunda B seasons in a broccoli-style shirt which is said to represent the southern Murcia region 's reputation for growing vegetables . Even some of Spain 's most famous clubs , like Barcelona and Athletic Bilbao , have gotten in on the act . Last season Barca 's away kit was based on the Catalan flag , while Bilbao 's 2011-12 away strip reflected the Basque flag and a few years earlier its "  spilled blood " shirt was designed by a local artist whose work features in the city 's Guggenheim Museum . Click through the gallery above to view the most eye-catching football shirts over the years . Which do you think are the world 's best and worst sporting kits ? Have your say in the comments box below .	Spanish club to celebrate 90th anniversary in tuxedo kit A percentage of the profits made from the strip will go to charity Other clubs have designed kits that embody pints of beer and octopuses
CNN  -- Abu Dhabi stepped in to help troubled fellow emirate Dubai and its state-owned holding company , Dubai World , with $ 10 billion in financing on Monday . The announcement by the Dubai Supreme Fiscal Committee comes as $ 4.1 billion in Islamic bonds became due today . "  The remaining funds would also provide for interest expenses and company working capital through April 30 , 2010 - conditioned on the company being successful in negotiating a standstill as previously announced , " Sheikh Ahmad Bin Saeed Al Maktoum , Chairman of the Dubai Supreme Fiscal Committee said in a statement released Monday . Dubai World shocked investors globally when it asked Nov. 25 for a debt standstill at Dubai World , the government 's flagship holding company , for payments owed on its $ 26 billion in debts . The holding company includes DP World , the shipping magnate , Nakheel , developer of some of the city 's largest projects and investment company Ishitar . Some of its foreign investments include the QE2 cruise liner and Cirque du Soleil . The company asked for a standstill of debts owed until May 30 as it begins restructuring its debt . "  Today the Government of Dubai will announce a comprehensive reorganization law , a framework that is based upon internationally accepted standards for transparency and creditor protection , " the statement said . "  This law will be available should Dubai World and its subsidiaries be unable to achieve an acceptable restructuring of its remaining obligations . "	Abu Dhabi stepped in to help troubled fellow emirate Dubai with $ 10 billion in financing Dubai World shocked the financial world when it asked for a $ 26 billion freeze on debt payments The announcement came as $ 4.1 billion in Islamic bonds became due today
CNN Student News  -- May 3 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Abbottabad , Pakistan • New York , The Pentagon , Shanksville Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CNN ANNOUNCER : This is CNN Breaking News . DON LEMON , CNN ANCHOR , CNN NEWSROOM : We 're being told by a White House official that the president will make a statement at 10:30 . WOLF BLITZER , CNN ANCHOR , THE SITUATION ROOM WITH WOLF BLITZER : I 'm told by sources it is a national security issue . JOHN KING , CNN HOST , JOHN KING , USA : CNN is told by several sources now that the president of the United States will announce in just moments that the United States has the body of Osama bin Laden . BLITZER : And now the president will tell us officially bin Laden is dead . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : That was the breaking news late Sunday night after we recorded yesterday 's show . In today 's special edition of CNN Student News , we 're going in depth into the death of Osama bin Laden . First Up : Osama bin Laden Killed AZUZ : He was a terrorist , one of the FBI 's most wanted criminals , and the mastermind behind the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil . Now , Osama bin Laden is dead . Sunday , a U.S. military operation involving Navy SEALs assaulted the compound , this mansion , where bin Laden was hiding out in Pakistan . He and four other people were killed . U.S. officials say they 've used DNA testing to confirm that the body is that of bin Laden . One of his wives also identified the body for U.S. forces . Obviously , a very significant moment for the United States and for people around the world . To understand just how big this news is , take a look back . Osama bin Laden had been a terrorist for decades . In 1988 , he founded al Qaeda , which became a terrorist network three years later . In 1992 , bin Laden was accused of sending some of his followers to fight U.S. forces that were in the African nation of Somalia . And a year later , a bomb exploded at New York 's World Trade Center . Bin Laden was one of several people suspected of being involved . 1996 : Osama bin Laden declared a "  jihad , " or holy war , against U.S. forces . Two years after that , he was charged with the murders of 224 people ; they died in the bombings at U.S. embassies in the African countries of Kenya and Tanzania . He appeared on the FBI 's "  Ten Most Wanted Fugitives " list in 1999 . And he was linked to the bombing of a U.S. Navy ship -- the USS Cole -- that killed 17 sailors in the year 2000 . September 11th , 2001 : Osama bin Laden was behind the attacks that killed nearly three thousand people on U.S. soil . The events and images of that day seared into the memories of so many Americans . Four planes hijacked by al Qaeda terrorists : Two were flown into the World Trade Center 's Twin Towers in New York . Both of those would later collapse . Another plane crashed into the Pentagon , near Washington , D.C. And the fourth crashed in Shanksville , Pennsylvania , in a field , after passengers fought back against the hijackers . It was , again , the worst terrorist attack ever on American soil . It led to the U.S.-led war on terrorism , the war in Afghanistan . And now , the man behind it , Osama bin Laden , is dead . The Operation Timeline AZUZ : "  Justice has been done . " That 's what President Obama said when he announced bin Laden 's death . He also spoke about what this moment means for the United States . BARACK OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES : Let me say to the families who lost loved ones on 9/11 , that we have never forgotten your loss nor wavered in our commitment to see that we do whatever it takes to prevent another attack on our shores . And tonight , let us think back to the sense of unity that prevailed on 9/11 . I know that it has , at times , frayed . Yet today 's achievement is a testament to the greatness of our country and the determination of the American people . The cause of securing our country is not complete , but tonight we are once again reminded that America can do whatever we set our mind to . That is the story of our history . Whether it 's the pursuit of prosperity for our people or the struggle for equality for all our citizens , our commitment to stand up for our values abroad , and our sacrifices to make the world a safer place . Let us remember that we can do these things not just because of wealth or power , but because of who we are : one nation under God , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . AZUZ : Former President George W. Bush , who was in office on September 11th , 2001 , released a statement Sunday night about bin Laden 's death . Mr. Bush said , "  This momentous achievement marks a victory for America , for people who seek peace around the world and for all those who lost loved ones on September 11 , 2001 . The fight against terror goes on , but tonight America has sent an unmistakable message : No matter how long it takes , justice will be done . " So , how did the U.S. find bin Laden ? Jeanne Meserve details the events that led up to bin Laden 's death . BEGIN VIDEO OBAMA : I can report to the American people and to the world that the United States has conducted an operation that killed Osama bin Laden . JEANNE MESERVE , CNN HOMELAND SECURITY CORRESPONDENT : U.S. officials say it began last August when new leads came to light about the possible whereabouts of Osama bin Laden . OBAMA : It was far from certain , and it took many months to run this thread to ground . I met repeatedly with my national security team as we developed more information about the possibility that we had located bin Laden hiding within a compound deep inside Pakistan . MESERVE : The key lead : tracking one of the few couriers trusted by bin Laden . Then , last Friday , President Obama authorized an operation to get the head of al Qaeda . That operation happened Sunday in the Pakistani town of Abbottabad . Bin Laden was in a large compound originally built on the outskirts of town , reachable only by a dirt road . Over time , more homes had been built around it . U.S. officials say the compound had 12-18 foot walls topped with barbed wire and what 's being called extraordinary security . A third floor terrace had a seven-foot privacy wall . Only a small group inside the U.S. government knew about the operation carried out by Navy SEALs in helicopters . OBAMA : A small team of Americans carried out the operation with extraordinary courage and capability . MESERVE : The operation lasted about 40 minutes . Though a U.S. helicopter crashed due to mechanical reasons , there were no U.S. casualties . Bin Laden resisted the assault and was killed in the firefight , shot in the head . END VIDEO Reaction AZUZ : As the news of bin Laden 's death came out on Sunday night , a crowd started forming outside the gates at the White House . People turning out to celebrate the news . There was a patriotic spirit to the spontaneous gathering . Listen . CROWD : And the rocket 's red glare , the bombs bursting in air , gave proof through the night that our flag was still there . Oh , say does that star-spangled banner yet wave . O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave ? AZUZ : Similar crowds at cities around the U.S. . That includes in New York , where people gathered at Ground Zero , the spot where the Twin Towers once stood . The reactions were n't all celebrations , though . Gordon Felt is the president of the Familes of Flight 93 . That 's the 9/11 plane that crashed in Pennsylvania . Discussing bin Laden 's death , he said "  it can not ease our pain or bring back our loved ones . It does bring a measure of comfort that the face of global terror can no longer spread his evil . " U.S. and Pakistan AZUZ : This is the compound , the mansion , where Osama bin Laden was found in Pakistan . It 's in a city called Abbottabad , about 100 miles away from Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan . There are some disagreements between the U.S. and Pakistan over how much info the Pakistani government had about the assault on the compound . But both countries agree that information from Pakistan helped lead U.S. forces to the place . The two countries agreed to work together to fight terrorists , but the U.S. and Pakistan have had some problems with each other recently . The United States says Pakistan has n't been putting enough pressure on terrorist groups . Pakistan is angry about American attacks against terrorists inside Pakistani borders . Increased Precautions AZUZ : One question that comes up is how al Qaeda might react to bin Laden 's death . A U.S. official said the government expects threats of retaliation , pointing out that al Qaeda declared war on the U.S. more than a decade ago . Security was increased at military facilities around the country . More officers on patrol at the U.S. Capitol . American embassies in other countries put on high alert , and the government gave a travel warning for Americans overseas . Looking Ahead AZUZ : U.S. forces took bin Laden 's body out of that compound in Pakistan . Islamic law says the burial has to happen with 24 hours . Since there was no alternative on land , bin Laden 's body was buried at sea . U.S. officials said they made all efforts to follow Islamic burial rules . But the death of bin Laden does not mean the end of the U.S.-led war on terror . Here 's what Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had to say . U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE HILLARY CLINTON : Even as we mark this milestone , we should not forget that the battle to stop al Qaeda and its syndicate of terror will not end with the death of bin Laden . Indeed , we must take this opportunity to renew our resolve and redouble our efforts . Goodbye AZUZ : A historic moment for the United States in the fight against terrorists , and for people around the world . Global reaction is pouring in to us , and we want to hear what 's going through your mind , too . You can share your thoughts on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com . And we thank you for watching this special edition of CNN Student News . We 'll see you again tomorrow .	Look back at the history of terrorist acts linked to Osama bin Laden Follow the intelligence trail that led to Pakistan and bin Laden 's death See and hear some of the reaction to bin Laden 's death from around the U.S. Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Islamabad  CNN  -- Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was remanded in custody for two weeks Saturday by an anti-terrorism court over allegations he illegally ordered the detention of judges in 2007 . His appearance had been ordered by Pakistan 's High Court , which on Thursday ruled that his alleged actions amounted to an act of terrorism . After a 20-minute hearing , the anti-terrorism court in Islamabad placed Musharraf on judicial remand for 14 days . His next court appearance in the case is set for May 4 . As the former president left the court , there were clashes between anti-Musharraf lawyers and a small pro-Musharraf crowd . Authorities decided Musharraf will be held under house arrest at his farmhouse compound in Chak Shazad , outside the Pakistani capital . He will be moved from police headquarters , where he was whisked after his court appearance , to the farmhouse , police officials said . The farmhouse has been converted into a "  sub jail , " Musharraf 's lawyer , Ahmed Raza Qasoori , said Friday . Musharraf spent Friday night at police headquarters following his appearance before a magistrate earlier in the day , after which he was initially allowed to return to the farmhouse . Musharraf will continue to seek bail in the case , his lawyer said . An attempt on Thursday to appeal the High Court 's decision at the Supreme Court appeared to have so far been unsuccessful . The former president denies the charges against him and never gave any order to detain or abduct the judges in 2007 , said Mohammad Amjad , a spokesman for his political party . The development is the latest setback for Musharraf since the former military ruler returned to Pakistan last month to fight a series of court cases against him and re-enter the country 's turbulent political scene by seeking to run in upcoming elections . His arrest highlights the increased willingness of Pakistan 's judiciary , which clashed with Musharraf during his time in power , to pursue cases against high-profile figures previously considered to be untouchable . No former Pakistani army chief has previously been arrested and detained . Amid a long-running fight with the judiciary , Musharraf resigned as president of Pakistan in 2008 after nine years in power and went into exile the following year , living in London and Dubai . He came back to Pakistan last month under heavy security . But so far , his return does not seem to be going according to plan . Last week , Pakistani election officials barred him from running for a seat in parliament in elections next month , a decision his lawyer has said he will challenge . The ex-military strongman still has to face two separate other cases dating from his time in power . The first relates to claims he did not do enough to protect the life of Benazir Bhutto -- the first woman to be elected prime minister of Pakistan -- after she was assassinated in 2007 , weeks before an election in which she hoped to return to office . Musharraf is also accused of ordering his troops to kill Nawab Akbar Bugti , a popular tribal leader , in the volatile province of Balochistan , in 2006 . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Islamabad and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Aliza Kassim , Nasir Habib and Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	NEW : A court orders Pervez Musharraf to be held in judicial custody for two weeks NEW : The former president will be kept under house arrest at his farmhouse , police say He is accused of illegally ordering the detention of senior judges in 2007 A spokesman for Musharraf , who also faces other court cases , said he denies the charges
London  CNN  -- Herge 's famous boy reporter certainly liked to stray from his native Belgium . Tintin 's official profession may be that of a reporter , but he is just as much an explorer and archaeologist , dashing around the world to chase down ancient artifacts in addition to nefarious villains and a good story . Carrying on a venerable tradition of filmic archaeologists and adventurists such as Indiana Jones , the new Tintin film by Steven Spielberg , entitled "  The Adventures of Tintin : The Secret Of The Unicorn , " mixes the story-lines of several of Herge 's books and follows Tintin and friends hunting for centuries-old treasure . "  Herge was always interested in exotic locations and travel around the world , " said Paris-based ` Tintinologist ' and comic-book artist Jean-Marc Lofficier . "  Keep in mind that he comes out of the tradition of  French author  Jules Verne , whose characters are always traveling around the world and finding lost civilizations and incredible ruins , " he continued . Lofficier , who is co-author of the Pocket Essential guide to Tintin , spoke to CNN about his favorite historical escapades and archaeological "  MacGuffins " from the classic series of comic books , beloved around the world by adults and children alike . ` The Cigars of the Pharaoh ' Published in 1934 , this is the first Tintin adventure to have featured an archaeological premise , Lofficier says , explaining that the storyline was "  clearly influenced " by the discovery of the tomb of ancient Egyptian Pharaoh Tutankhamun by Howard Carter in 1922 . The plot begins with Tintin meeting an archaeologist looking for the lost tomb of a mysterious Pharaoh and is driven by the appearance of a number of cigars bearing mysterious -- seemingly ancient Egyptian -- symbols . Moving from Egypt to Arabia and on to India , Lofficier says the book is "  a catalog of archaeological myths and popular clichÃ © s from the late 19th and early 20th centuries . " ` The Broken Ear ' This book , published in 1937 , charts the hunt for a South American idol that is stolen from the Museum of Ethnography in Brussels . "  It 's kind of a fetish object , a small wooden idol with a broken ear , " said Lofficier . "  We find out that there is some kind of a precious stone hidden in the idol and everyone is fighting over it . " "  Herge is using the complications of having various people try to seize the idol as a pretext for a travelogue around South America , " says Lofficier , explaining that Herge was as interested in anthropology as he was archaeology , with Tintin coming into contact with native South American tribesmen along the journey . ` Prisoners of the Sun ' Published in 1949 , "  Prisoners of the Sun " is a sequel to "  The Seven Crystal Balls , " in which a group of explorers are struck down with an unexplained illness after discovering the tomb of a mummified Inca in Peru -- a storyline which echoes the supposed Tutankhamun "  curse " that was much-discussed at the time . In "  Prisoners of the Sun , " Tintin and friends are charged with rescuing their friend Professor Calculus from native tribesmen , who are angry about what they see as the desecration of their culture and are eventually revealed to be last remaining descendants of the Incas . "  At the end of the day , it is about the right of the Inca civilization to  protect their  culture , " said Lofficier . "  Herge presents the other side of the issue , which is that these civilizations deserve to be respected -- which considering the time period , is very forward-thinking . " In the end , Tintin manages to secure the release of the kidnapped explorers and in exchange promises never to reveal the location of the remaining Incas . ` The Secret of the Unicorn ' and ` Red Rackham 's Treasure ' Moving from ancient civilizations to pirates and buried treasure , "  The Secret of the Unicorn " and "  Red Rackham 's Treasure " form the basis for the script of "  The Adventures of Tintin : The Secret Of The Unicorn . " Both chart Tintin and various other parties ' attempts to unearth the lost loot of 17th century pirate , Red Rackham . "  Half of  The Secret of the Unicorn  is actually a flash-back to the great days of the pirates , " said Lofficier , explaining that Tintin 's friend Captain Haddock is the ancestor of the sea captain who killed Rackham all those years ago . At the end of "  Red Rackham 's Treasure , " after a voyage in a submarine resembling a shark , the treasure turns out to be hidden in Haddock 's ancestral home . ` Flight 714 ' "  Flight 714 is the penultimate Tintin book and has a very strange ending , " explains Lofficier . The book , published in 1968 , is strongly influenced by the science fiction of the time , said Lofficier , and features an incredible plot device in which the gods worshiped by the ancient peoples of a volcanic island Pulau-Pulau Bompa are revealed to have been extraterrestrials . "  We are left with an ongoing mystery ,  presented as  the ultimate answer to archaeology , " said Lofficier .	Tintin as much an explorer and amateur archaeologist as a reporter ` Tintinologist ' Jean-Marc Lofficier lists his favorite archaeology-themed Tintin adventures Herge interested in anthropology and archaeology , influenced by discoveries of the day
New York , NY  CNN  -- It would be wonderful to say that in 2013 things were looking up for women in Hollywood -- both onscreen and behind the scenes -- but the sad news is that the numbers have remained consistently dismal for the last decade . In 2012 , in the US , women made up 18 % of the directors , executive producers , producers , writers , cinematographers , and editors working on the top 250 domestic grossing films . And women directors accounted for just 9 % . It 's clear that Hollywood has a woman problem . It 's not just that they do n't trust the vision of a woman to direct ; they do n't trust that people want to see our stories . There 's a prevailing sense that male stories are universal , for everyone , and that women 's stories are just for women . Just look around at your local movie theater and you will see that the male action superhero films have become the dominant narratives of our time . Just this summer , we have already seen the release of the latest versions of "  Superman " , "  Iron Man " , "  Star Trek " , "  The Fast and the Furious " , and still to come are "  The Lone Ranger " , "  Thor " , "  Grown Ups " , "  The Wolverine " among many , many others . The message is loud and clear -- these are the movies that matter -- not only to Hollywood , but , increasingly to the world , as the international box office now accounts for almost 70 % of the grosses of these films . And none of the films above are directed by women . The reality that female directors and producers and writers deal with is the ongoing perception that women will go see movies about men and that men wo n't go see stories about women . The success of "  Bridesmaids " in 2011 helped diminish the case slightly , as did "  The Hunger Games " in 2012 . But even though women buy half the movie tickets , this perception persists especially for those who want to tell women 's stories . Another problem is that because there are so few movies about women , the ones that are released are held up to absurd scrutiny . If you fail the entire gender is blamed and we take two steps back , but on the other hand , if you are a success you ca n't get a sequel made because women 's successes are still seen as flukes . We are stuck in a catch 22 . It is worth noting that this summer in the sea of superhero films , there are only two films with women leads being distributed by the major studios . "  The Heat " is an original comedy , written by a woman Katie Dippold and directed by Paul Feig , the director of "  Bridesmaids " . It stars Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy both at the top of their game in a genuinely hysterical film . "  City of Bones : The Mortal Instruments " is the latest attempt to build off the success of the "  Twilight " franchise . While neither of the movies being released by the studios is directed by a woman , there are a handful of women directed films you can see this summer , at least here in the US . We have films from Sofia Coppola , Susan Seidelman , Margarethe von Trotta , Shari Springer Berman , Rama Burshtein , Jerusha Hess , Katie Aselton , Maggie Carey and Lake Bell . The problem is that all of these films are small , do n't have superheroes flying or cities blowing up . These films will be available on a limited amount of screens , so you need to live in place that has more than just a local multiplex or else you will easily miss these films and your entire summer can go by without seeing a single film by a female director . But even though the statistics are still dismal , there are women breaking through all across Hollywood . The reality is that there are women decision makers at all levels in the business . Amy Pascal has been successful as the head of Sony for several years . And just last week a new three person team was named to run Warner Brothers and it includes a woman -- Sue Kroll . And let 's not forget Kathryn Bigelow who broke through and became the first female to win an Oscar for best director . She can make any movie she wants at any studio . But she chose to make her last film "  Zero Dark Thirty " with an independent producer Megan Ellison , who has made quite a name for herself over the last couple of years . And while there are still not enough women directed films at the top tier festivals , this year for the first time at the Sundance Film Festival there was parity in both the US documentary and feature competitions . But we need more women and more female role models as directors because movies have such power in our culture . They are a reflection of who we are and what we value . They are what we talk about at work on Monday morning . They are how we socialize . When we do n't see women , and we do n't see women 's stories , we get the message that women do n't matter as much , that our stories do n't count , that our experiences are less valid . And that 's something that is just not acceptable .	Author Melissa Silverstein highlights Hollywood 's women problem in her new book Women directors accounted for just 9 % of Hollywood blockbusters in 2012 More female directors needed to reflect women 's voice , says Silverstein
CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's capital of Harare was quiet Saturday night after polls began closing for elections that will decide the future of longtime President Robert Mugabe . Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe campaigns in the capital of Harare last week . Results were not expected until Sunday . The main opposition party , Movement for Democratic Change , alleged widespread irregularities and promised to release its own election results , defying a government order . Critics of the government have predicted that the elections will be rigged or marred by fraud , though the government has promised that they will be "  free and fair . " At a news conference in Harare , Movement for Democratic Change Secretary-General Tenda Biti said that some of the party 's agents have been chased away from polling stations . The party also said the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission claimed to have lost the accreditation for agents at 19 stations and refused to let them in . Biti said there was a "  massive " deployment of soldiers and police at most stations . Journalists inside the country reported a heavy presence of the army and police but disagreed with Biti 's description of it as "  massive . " Police said they were investigating the bombing of a house in Harare belonging to a parliamentarian candidate from Mugabe 's ruling Zanu-PF party . The bombing happened early Saturday , and it was not immediately clear whether it was connected to the elections , police said . No one was inside the home at the time . The Zimbabwean government has denied CNN and other international news organizations permission to enter the country to report on the elections . Read about reporting on the elections . The elections are posing one of the toughest challenges to Mugabe 's 28-year rule . Two candidates , both from different factions of the opposition party , stand a good chance of unseating him . One opposition contender is Movement for Democratic Change founder Morgan Tsvangirai , who fought hotly contested challenges against the president in 2000 , 2002 and 2005 . The other is Mugabe 's former finance minister , Simba Makoni . He was a member of the Zanu-PF party until he announced his bid to unseat Mugabe and the party kicked him out . Voter turnout was high after the polls opened at 7 a.m.  1 a.m. ET  , journalists reported , but it tapered off throughout the day . Shortly before polls closed at 7 p.m.  1 p.m. ET  , "  there was a rush of people to put in their last-minute votes " in some places , media rights activist Reyhana Masters said . Biti also said police were assisting many voters in casting ballots . The opposition has spoken out against "  assistance " in the voting booth , calling it an intimidation tactic , but Mugabe passed a presidential decree this week that said police could help those voters who are elderly or infirm . Watch Zimbabweans worry their vote wo n't count " The government has warned the opposition not to release its own election results , saying that doing so is the role of the electoral commission and could spark violence of the kind seen in Kenya after elections there late last year . Some Zimbabweans reported irregularities in Saturday 's voting . Eddie Matsangaise of the Zimbabwe Exile Forum said he had heard that the names of long-dead white colonialist leaders were on voter lists , but voters who thought they were registered were turned away . Iden Wetherell , editor of the newspaper Zimbabwe Independent , said the opposition had found large numbers of voters registered at one address where there is n't a building . Voter confusion was also a problem . The elections are not just for president but also for parliamentary , senate and local council seats , meaning voters have to cast a number of ballots in a limited amount of time . Limited voter education means many registered voters were not told which ward to go to and may turn up at the wrong polling stations . Watch claims of dead voters still on the rolls " The absence of international media and independent observers has heightened critics ' concerns . The United States this week warned of a possible unfair election , and New York-based Human Rights Watch warned this month that the elections were likely to be "  deeply flawed . " Human Rights Watch said in a report that Zimbabwe 's electoral commission is partisan toward Zanu-PF and lacks both expertise and resources to run the elections properly . An MDC official said this week that leaked correspondence from the electoral commission showed it had asked for 3.3 million more ballots than there are registered voters , including 250,000 extra postal ballots for soldiers and police . Tenda Biti , the opposition 's secretary-general , said it was an indication of fraud . A hero of the country 's civil war against the white Rhodesian government , Mugabe became the country 's first black prime minister in 1980 . But nearly three decades later , he has consolidated his rule over all aspects of Zimbabwean life , and the country does not appear better for it . His country was once revered for offering its citizens some of the best education and health care in Africa , but now , schooling is a luxury and Zimbabwe has one of the lowest life expectancies in the world . Zimbabwe was once known as the breadbasket of southern Africa , but now it is difficult to get even basic food supplies . Inflation has skyrocketed to more than 100,000 percent while food production and agricultural exports have dropped drastically . Watch reasons for meltdown of Zimbabwe 's economy " Part of the economic freefall is traced to Mugabe 's land redistribution policies , including his controversial seizure of commercially white-owned farms in 2000 . Mugabe gave the land to black Zimbabweans who he said were cheated under colonialist rule , and white farmers who resisted were jailed . In 2005 , Mugabe launched Operation Clean Out the Trash , in which he razed slum areas across the country . Mugabe denies mismanagement and blames his country 's woes on the West , saying that sanctions have harmed the economy . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Robyn Curnow in Beitbridge , South Africa , contributed to this report .	Zimbabwe 's main opposition alleges widespread irregularities in election Opposition party says it will release its own election results Sunday President Mugabe faces two challengers who have good chance of winning Inflation is rampant in Zimbabwe , once called the breadbasket of southern Africa
CNN  -- What 's the one thing you would tell girls about education ? Think carefully about your answer ; after all , it can be the most important factor in lifting a girl from poverty , mistreatment and drudgery into a fulfilling and rewarding life , for both her and her family . This is the question we asked people from around the world to share with us as part of the premiere of CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising , " airing in June , which follows remarkable young girls from Peru to Afghanistan in their brave quest for an education . CNN received dozens of responses , many from people sharing moving personal stories of their own struggles or those of mothers and grandmothers who had sacrificed so much so that future generations of girls would grow up enriched by knowledge . ` Never stop trying ' In a small town called Sivakasi in southern India , poverty and hardship meant many young girls would trudge every morning not to school but to work in the city 's matchmaking and firework industries . Meera Vijayann , who is from Sivakasi but who studied and now lives in Bangalore , was all too aware of these girls and the life that lay ahead of them . But she was determined to fight for her education , eventually succeeding in becoming a writer and nongovernmental organization worker . "  Today , I feel proud that I had proved all those people wrong , despite coming from a small town where so many girls still face hardships in accessing a proper education , " the 26-year-old said . She says that from an early age , she knew she wanted more for her life , even though people made fun of her for wanting simply the freedom to choose . And she wants girls around the world to know that there is nothing to fear about wanting to learn . "  My message to girls around the world is to accept education but embrace knowledge . Always be open to learning , even when away from the classroom . " Only then , she says , does a world of opportunity open up . "  Never , no matter how hard , stop trying . " Choose your own destiny Mexican Irene Moreno Jimenez said her thirst for knowledge was inspired by her mother , who died of cancer when Jimenez was 17 but who always instilled in her daughters a sense of purpose . "  I have  the  freedom to choose my own destiny all because of her teachings , " she said . The 27-year-old now works in Washington as a communications consultant for a development bank , a job helping others in honor of her mother , who she says was a brave , generous and "  visionary " leader who worked as a professor but gave her daughters lessons in life impossible to study through books . "  She set the highest example on how to live and love for my sister and me , " she said . Despite losing her several years ago , Jimenez says , her mother lives on through her daughters ' love of education and desire for other girls to know that the mind is a place where freedom is fought for -- and won . "  When you have education , you are free to think and to accomplish your thoughts , " she said . "  You are able to see possibilities where before there were walls . I have learned that you can lose it all , but you will never lose what 's in your mind . " ` Make your dreams come true ' A mother 's inspiration was all Niena Sevilla from the Philippines needed to put her on the right path . Unable to attend high school due to poverty , her mother fought every step of the way to succeed . "  She had to plead for my grandfather 's approval to let her go to the city so she could work and study later , " the administrative assistant said . "  At the age of 13 , she worked at a gasoline station in our town , 30 minutes away from the farm . She had worked as a housekeeper and as a cook as well . " Through sheer determination and persistence , her mother managed to save precious funds for a vocational course in tailoring before opening a successful shop in her hometown . Sevilla , like many Filipinos , works thousands of miles from her own children . She works in Saudi Arabia to bring in an income for their future . But she says her mother 's struggles inspired her to instill in her own children a sense that education is not just about what degree you hold but the work you put in to achieve your goals . She wants other girls to feel the same . "  Knowing my mother 's story makes me believe that education is not about holding a master 's degree or college degree ; it is about how you make your dreams come , regardless of what kind of education you have attained , " she said . ` Strive hard ' As a proud father to 12-year-old Beatrice , Filipino salesman Rummel Pinera feels all too keenly that educating a girl is about ensuring her independence and improving society as a whole . Beatrice , now a second-year high school student , inspired her father to hope that a solid education will provide her with a stable career and a chance to contribute to "  the betterment of her village and society in general . " "  Girls and women all over the world must strive hard to go to schools and finish their studies , " he said , "  because education would surely unlock their full potential of becoming achievers in their chosen vocations , careers and professions . "  An educated woman will surely contribute to the well-being of this planet and to overall human progress . " ` Follow your heart ' But sometimes it 's the simplest advice that is the most heartfelt and the most wise . Andrea Barr is training to be an elementary school teacher at Bradley University in Peoria , Illinois . The 19-year-old also works at a summer camp in the area , teaching swimming and helps counsel young children , too . Despite her love of children , and of teaching , she faced pressure from family and friends over her career and life choices . Undeterred , she enrolled at Bradley and fought to make her own way . Her struggles to choose her own path in life inspired her to provide a simple message for girls : "  Follow your heart . " "  Do not allow anyone to tell you what you can and can not do , " she said . "  Do what you like , because that , in the end , will make you most happy . You are the sum of the choices you make . " What do you think ? Share your thoughts at iReport or the comments below More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " Write your own open letter to girls of the world Photos : The girls ' stories from "  Girl Rising " How to help | Take action with 10x10	CNN 's "  Girl Rising " documents extraordinary girls , power of education to change the world iReporters from India to Mexico shared thoughts on what they would tell girls about education Many shared inspiring stories of triumph over adversity and drive to succeed
CNN  -- The body of an Idaho miner trapped when the roof of the mine he was working in collapsed nine days ago was recovered Sunday afternoon , the company that owns and operates the mine said . "  Words can not express the deep sorrow we feel at the tragic loss of our friend , colleague and 30-year veteran of the mining industry . Our thoughts and prayers are with his family , loved ones and friends , " Hecla Mining Company said in a statement announcing that the body of Larry Marek had been recovered . Earlier Sunday , the company had said it believed that Marek , a Hecla employee for more than 12 years , was dead . Rescue workers had been digging through rocky earth more than 6,000 feet underground in an attempt to reach Marek , 53 , following the April 15 collapse at the silver and mineral mine outside Mullan , Idaho . Marek was one of two men working in that part of the Lucky Friday mine when a 10-foot by 20-foot section of mostly rock fell on him , said Hecla 's President and CEO Phil Baker . This all occurred roughly 6,150 feet below the Earth 's surface . While the other man -- who has not been identified -- got out unharmed , there was no contact from Marek . Baker said earlier the cause of the collapse had not been determined , promising an investigation "  after the rescue efforts are complete . " Numerous special bolts and chain-link fence are used to keep the ground above the affected mine in place . Marek was trapped in a part of the mine where ore is removed and far from either of two possible exits , neither of which was adversely affected by the collapse , according to Baker . Lucky Friday is a "  deep underground silver , lead and zinc mine , " according to Hecla 's website . It has been in operation since 1942 . Hecla has 275 of its employees routinely working at the mine , in addition to about 100 contractors , according to a company statement . Its website describes the Coeur d'Alene-based company , founded in 1891 , as the "  largest and lowest-cost silver producer " in the United States .	Larry Marek , 53 , was trapped when the roof of the mine collapsed Marek was a 12-year employee of Hecla Mining Company The cause of the collapse has not been determined
CNN  -- "  It takes me three days to recover after the Sevens , " says referee Robert Esser , who 's called the plays at the famed Hong Kong rugby tournament for 12 years . "  If you find out how to survive it , let me know . " The annual Hong Kong Sevens is the city 's largest sporting event , attracting thousands of costumed revelers from all over the world . But making the most of the party atmosphere requires strategy and planning . With the Sevens on March 28-30 , experts and hardcore fans have shared tips on how they 'll be getting through the three-day mega party . 1 . South Stand commitment mandatory Ask not what the South Stand can do for you , but what you can do for the South Stand . The only large public area where Sevens revelers can drink alcohol , the legendary South Stand brings together Hong Kong Stadium 's most passionate spectators -- all dedicated to having an outrageously good time . The pros advise arriving before 9 a.m. on the first two days , and as early as 7 a.m. for the Sunday finals . The stand fills up quickly so you 'll be stuck in a long line if you 're late . Costumes are the norm and controlled bladders are a must if you want to keep your spot in the South Stand . Once you 're in , be prepared to have things thrown your way , from rugby balls to jugs of beer and other nondescript fluids . "  Despite the boozy reputation , the South Stand remains remarkably fun and harmless , except for the liver , " says one frequent fan . 2 . Serious rugby fans head for the East and West Stands "  Do n't be afraid to go to the East and West Stands , because that 's where everyone goes to watch the rugby , " says 28-year-old rugby player Rowan Varty , who has taken part in the Sevens since he was born as both a spectator and a player . "  That 's where you get the best view , " adds his sister Lindsay Varty , 25 , who plays on the Hong Kong women 's rugby team . "  Our parents always sit at the bottom left side of the West Stand near the North Stand . Sometimes , they go higher up for a better view . " 3 . For costumes ,  almost  anything goes The pros advise against wearing heavy suits , big masks and hats that 'll have you drenched in sweat and blocking other people 's views . "  If you dress up as a polar bear in 20-something-degree weather , you 're going to suffer , " says rugby player Tsang Hing Hung , 29 , who has watched and played at the Hong Kong Sevens for the last 15 years . And let your ideas run wild . "  I 'm pretty sure every year , there are going to be people dressed as crayons and ballerinas , " says Rowan Varty . "  If you come up with something original , you stand a better chance of getting in the newspaper . " "  The outfits often prove an irrelevant socio-cultural-political barometer -- think of patches of North Korean leaders , Vladimir Putins and Justin Biebers , " adds another fan . 4 . Walk to the stadium Roads are blocked and taxis are scarce . Once you arrive anywhere near Causeway Bay , start walking . The nearest MTR subway station to the Hong Kong Stadium is Causeway Bay . Go to exit F , which takes you to a spot directly across from Forever 21 . From there , join the crowds and walk up Caroline Hill Road to get to Hong Kong Stadium . It 's about a 15-20 minute walk . "  As you get closer and closer to the stadium , you see all the people coming from everywhere dressed in their costumes , and it 's quite a sight , " says Rowan Varty . "  It 's one of the things we look forward to when we take the team bus . " 5 . Pace yourself Winnie Poon , a fan who has been to the Hong Kong Sevens five times , has her own sage advice for fans -- pace yourselves . Go overboard too early in the day and you run the risk of passing out next to a toilet many others have thrown up in , she says . Also worth bearing in mind -- it 's a three-day event so you 'll need to get up early the next morning to avoid spending the entire day in lines . "  A lot of people spend too much time queuing for beer , " says Esser . "  It 's better to watch the games live than from a screen . " 6 . Avoid the food stalls Have a large breakfast before entering the stadium and hopefully you 'll last the day , says Lindsay Varty . Matches only go on for 15 minutes and you could miss an entire game while waiting for a hot dog . "  Go out and eat , " says referee Stephan Lehner , who is on his 11th year with the Sevens . "  The food in the stadium is all right , but it 's a lot of fast food . There are plenty of decent places outside the stadium . " 7 . Ladies , bring binoculars For some , watching athletic young men run around on a field is as much a spectacle as the game itself , if not more . Zoom in , zoom out and spot this year 's hottest rugby men with a bit of help . "  Those players look a lot closer with binoculars , " says Amanda Wilson , a fan who has attended the Sevens for more than 20 years . 8 . South Standers , stay waterproof Expect a high chance of beer , cider , water and bodily fluid showers at the South Stand . Bring an umbrella , waterproof clothes and leave your expensive camera behind . It may rain , literally , but that 's the least of your concerns . "  There are always really drunk people , " says Lindsay Varty . "  So watch out for flying jugs and cups . They 're not always full of beer . " "  Ladies , wear closed-toe shoes unless you do n't mind all manner of liquid between your toes , " advises marketing executive Stephanie Szeto , who is about to enjoy her sixth year at the Sevens . 9 . You can still enjoy the Sevens outside the stadium If you did n't score tickets , there 's always the Sevens Village at the Indian Recreation Club directly opposite Hong Kong Stadium . The party is just as lively and rugby fans watch the games broadcast live on a giant screen for free . It has food stalls , a pub and vendors selling rugby memorabilia . "  There 's also the HK Fan Zone at the New Central Harbourfront , where you can watch singers perform and the games broadcast live outdoors , " says Tsang . This year , De La Soul , jazz artist Allen Youngblood and local rock band Mr. will make appearances . 10 . Wan Chai offers the best after-party After the games , the fun continues in Hong Kong 's Lan Kwai Fong , Soho and Wan Chai neighborhoods . The real rugby fans and party crowd head to Wan Chai . "  Everybody 's there and the streets are packed with people still in crazy costumes , " says Lindsay Varty . "  It 's a great photo opportunity and lots of fun . " Hong Kong Sevens 2014 , March 28-30 , Hong Kong Stadium , 55 Hospital Road , So Kon Po , Hong Kong Got your own tips on how to survive the Hong Kong Sevens ? Share your experiences in the comments section below .	The three-day Hong Kong Sevens is the city 's biggest sporting event of the year The South Stand is for fans who like to party Closed-toe shoes and waterproof outfits recommended in the South Stand Indian Recreation Club is one of the hotspots for fans without a ticket
Boston  CNN  -- Jurors squirmed Monday as a Massachusetts pathologist detailed the wounds inflicted on the 19 bodies prosecutors have lain at the feet of reputed Boston mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger . Richard John Evans , the state 's former chief medical examiner , described gunshot wounds to the temple , neck , spinal cord or heart in graphic detail . The jury in Bulger 's federal racketeering and murder trial was both riveted and visibly uneasy during Evans ' testimony , with some of them holding their hands over their mouths as he outlined the damage inflicted by bullets in 17 of the 19 cases . Others twisted in their chairs during the testimony , while many intently took notes . But about eight victims into the litany of death certificates , the jurors appeared more relaxed . Most of the victims were shot repeatedly in the head or neck , Evans testified . They included William O'Brien , who was expecting a baby boy when he was shot 20 times on a Boston boulevard in 1973 . "  The most significant of the 20 was a wound to his right shoulder which pierced the spinal cord and lodged in his neck region , " Evans explained . "  It severed the spinal cord five centimeters from the bottom of the brain stem , which would make breathing impossible . " Former drug dealers detail threats during Bulger 's reign Former gang associate Francis "  Buddy " Leonard was found in 1975 riddled with 13 bullets , including two to the left side of the head and one in the neck , according to his death certificate . Another victim , Brian Halloran , was shot 14 times in 1975 . All of the shots were "  through-and-throughs , " leaving no with bullets passing completely through the body , Evans testified . Dead alongside him was Michael Donahue , Evans testified , a friend who was n't affiliated with Boston 's criminal gangs . Donahue was giving Halloran a ride home from a bar ; his cause of death was "  a gunshot wound to back of head that went into his brain , " Evans explained . Donahue 's son , Tommy Donahue , sat with his head in his hands and his eyes closed during the description of the shot that killed his father . "  Going through it was rough , but I know every word on that death certificate , " Donahue said after Monday 's testimony . He brandished the document , which he has carried to court every day since the beginning of the trial , as he spoke . Prosecutors say Bulger had a nearly 20-year reign of terror as the head of the Winter Hill Gang , the Irish mob that once terrorized South Boston . But during much of that time , they say , he was an FBI informant , and that rogue FBI agents tipped him off to his impending arrest and allowed him to flee a 1995 indictment . Juror view photos of alleged victims ' remains Now 83 , Bulger was captured in California in 2011 and brought back to Boston for trial , where a succession of mob figures have tied him to the killings . Former FBI Agent Gerald Montanari testified Monday that Halloran was a "  mid-level strong arm " who had agreed to wear a listening device and testify against Bulger and his associates . He was protected by the FBI and stationed in a safe house on Cape Cod until he began to "  waffle " about entering into the witness protection program and refused a polygraph , Montanari said . Montanari said the FBI cut ties with Halloran in 1982 . The mobster was found shot to death shortly afterward , and earlier testimony stated that Bulger had Halloran killed after his FBI handler tipped him off to Halloran 's cooperation . Former hit man John Martorano -- now the government 's star witness -- recounted Bulger 's involvement in 13 killings , including O'Brien 's and Leonard 's . Former associate Kevin Weeks implicated Bulger in three more , including that of Halloran -- whose body was "  bouncing off the ground " with every shot , he testified . Prosecutors expect testimony later this week from Bulger 's former partner and fellow informant Stephen "  The Rifleman " Flemmi to lock up their case . Weeks , Flemmi and Martorano have all testified in exchange for reduced sentences in other murders . Expletives fly Bulger , ex-partner during trial CNN 's Laura Batchelor and Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	Medical examiner lays out fatal shots in Bulger trial Of the 19 killings Bulger is charged with , 17 were deaths by shooting Some jurors squirmed during the graphic testimony
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Like other major financial centers such as London , Shanghai or New York , Hong Kong is home to legions of suited workers toiling long hours in vast , glass towers at breakneck speed . But in this crowded , materialistic city , there 's a man trying to build a business from de-stressing the workplace . "  The wellness of employees is the wellness of the company ; the very strength of a company is its employees , " said Dario Calvaruso , a yoga instructor who set up Holistic Wellness -- a company that offers a series of in-office programs to reduce stress . He 's on a mission to make yoga mats an essential fixture under every Hong Kong worker 's desk . The 39-year old spent 15 years living in India studying the ancient discipline , which seeks to relax those who practice it , through elongation , slow movement and controlled breathing . Opportunity When Calvaruso moved to Hong Kong in October 2011 , opportunity knocked on his door . "  Many of my friends were major company managers and approached me for private  yoga  classes , " Calvaruso said . "  After seeing its benefits they thought ` this should come to my company ' . " Within this territory 's constricted work spaces , practicing yoga requires relatively little room and minimal equipment -- a large ball and a mat are enough . As the instructor plays calm music , everyone stretches , breathes deeply and closes their eyes . "  All the team is present at the lessons and it 's a great way to start our day , " said Manuele Bosetti , general manager of the Italian Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong and Macao . This organization has to deal with the day-to-day problems of its member companies and sometimes taking the time to listen can be a challenge , Bosetti told CNN . But performing yoga as a group has helped . "  We noticed that everyone at the office was more relaxed , and we managed to treat our business partners in a more kind way , " Bosetti added . Suited and ready The sight of practitioners in their work clothes surrounded by computers and other electronics may seem incongruous with relaxation and meditation , but Calvaruso believes yoga performed in his studio is similar to that done in corporate environments -- although people in the workplace may face unique problems . For example , students at a studio yoga class may practice over many years , while those in corporate settings may be unfamiliar with the discipline . "  In an office , maybe people do n't know anything about yoga , " Calvaruso told CNN . "  They may feel discomfort , frozen shoulders ; we try to release all the tension from the shoulders to give them proper alignment . " Desk ergonomics are another common focus for yoga classes in offices . And the result ? "  Employees perform better , produce more , and of course , the company has bigger profits , " Calvaruso said . Nevertheless , it can be difficult to inspire managers to interrupt their team 's workday for a few minutes of relaxation . "  In Asia ,  employee wellness  is still new , it 's growing , " said Calvaruso , who believes the region lags behind Europe and the United States when it comes to measures that actively help employees find a balance between work and leisure . This instructor 's uphill battle goes against Asia 's economic dynamism . An insatiable hunger for ever-larger returns and continuous growth is the new culture of this region , and it seems to have replaced much centuries-old wisdom that teaches spiritual development through balance , meditation and harmony with nature .	Dario Calvaruso , 39 , teaches yoga classes in a different kind of studio -- the office He spent 15 years in India studying yoga before moving to Hong Kong Corporate wellness is still a developing concept in Hong Kong Managers do n't always see the link between staff well-being and company profits
CNN  Chile 's Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours , the country 's National Geology and Mining Service said early Thursday . The agency said it was evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption , but indicated it was "  stronger than the first one . " About 23 1/2 inches  60 centimeters  of ash fell in some places , according to the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety . Authorities issued a red alert for the towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas in southern Chile . Both are popular tourist destinations . A 12-mile  20 kilometer  exclusion zone was established around the crater . Military and police forces were assisting with the evacuations of more than 4,400 residents , the Interior Ministry said . The first eruption on Wednesday set off a bit of a panic in the region . "  At the beginning , it was small , and later , the cloud grew and later there was a huge cloud over you and true terror starts , " said one Puerto Montt resident . Another person said : "  It was impressive to see an enormous mushroom cloud , with the immense force of the volcano , and to see the ashes . At that point , there was a lot of panic , lots of chaos , traffic jams , people going to supermarkets , everyone looking for water , trying to take out money from the ATMs . " The eruption is a first for many in the region . The last major eruption was 1962 . There was a minor eruption in 1972 . Calbuco also belched out a bit of gas and smoke in 1996 . Alejandro Verges , regional director at the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety , said Thursday afternoon that officials are concerned there might be a third eruption . "  The situation is relatively calm right now , although people are understandably anxious about what could happen tonight , " he said . CNN 's Shasta Darlington and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report	Almost 2 feet of ash fell in some areas Authorities evacuate 4,400 people The last time Calbuco erupted was 1972
CNN  -- One day there will be no one alive who remembers . Today , as we solemnly observe the tenth anniversary of September 11 , 2001 , virtually every living American adult has his or her own vivid memory of that morning . It all feels very personal , because it was . And is . But 100 years from now , 150 years from now , when everyone who remembers is gone , what will the legacy of the terrible day have evolved into ? And will the war be over ? That is the essential question . The war on terror is unlike any other the United States has fought , and because of this there can be no genuine sense of closure , even after ceremonies as moving and heartfelt as the ones planned for Sunday will certainly be . The nation can express respect , and sorrow , and determined resolve on this 10th anniversary of the day . But closure -- bowing heads and praying one more time , and then moving on ? Not possible , with this war . The morning after will arrive on schedule on Monday , but the nature of the war in which we are engaged almost guarantees a succession of mornings after without end . I have a copy of a memo of sorts , a teletype , that was sent out in September 1945 . Its author was not identified by name , but by title : Supreme Commander for the Allied Powers . The recipients were his colleagues : the commanding general of the Eighth Army , the commanding general of the Tenth Army , the commander of the Third Fleet ... . I look at the memo from time to time because it is such a stark reminder of the way our current war will not conclude . The text , in that teletype style of those years , was all in capital letters : "  FORMAL SURRENDER OF THE JAPANESE IMPERIAL GOVERNMENT BY JAPANESE IMPERIAL GENERAL HEADQUARTERS AND ALL JAPANESE AND JAPANESE CONTROLLED ARMED FORCES WHEREVER LOCATED WAS SIGNED ON THE BATTLESHIP MISSOURI IN TOKYO BAY AT 0908 ON SEPTEMBER 2ND 1945 . " And that was it : The Second World War was over . We may be destined to have no day like that . As much death and devastation as there was during World War II , as many families who lost their young soldiers , at least the nightmare ended . It may have been difficult for Americans to believe for a while -- after the years of war , it may have seemed too good to be true : Peace had come . But eventually Americans must have begun to awaken without the knots in their stomachs , without the fear for loved ones in their hearts . The danger had been defeated ; the enemy was vanquished . The war was past tense . Ours is not . The enemy , as we have been told from the start , wears no uniform , flies no flag . On Sunday we mourn and give renewed thanks for the bravery of those who were so valiant in trying to save lives 10 years ago . And Monday the sun will rise over a nation still wishing for true tranquillity . Mornings after , forevermore . There is a phrase that has been used in the context both of soldiers and of civilians in past U.S. wars : "  for the duration . " The phrase has signified that life will be altered until the war is over . But what happens when "  for the duration " has no end date ? When the duration is infinite ? Another wartime phrase : "  on full alert . " Yet no person , no nation , can remain on full alert indefinitely . The body -- the human body , the body politic -- is not made for it . Full alert is an emergency response . And when the emergency never ends , guards -- both physical and emotional -- are inevitably let down , not by choice but out of pure fatigue . The men and women who personally recall December 7 , 1941 , are dying off . The day of the attack on Pearl Harbor is remembered firsthand by relatively few Americans , and because of that , there are years when the anniversary of the date -- the date President Franklin D. Roosevelt vowed would live in infamy -- is allowed to pass with little notice . That is something to ponder on this September 11 anniversary , as we consider how the date will be marked a century and more from now when there is no one left alive to remember what it felt like , no one who wept on that morning . Perhaps -- even probably -- there will be additional awful days that Americans will face , more dates that will be recalled with tears . September 11 , 2001 , may be pushed toward the middle of the history books , regarded as an older sorrow . And there will be generations of children whose birthdays are September 11 , generations of husbands and wives whose wedding dates , and anniversaries , will be September 11 . The notion may seem a little odd , now , but in fact it has already begun . The world , saddened , turns on its axis . It has no other choice . The morning after always arrives . The act of remembrance , meant to help , still hurts . It does today . It will tomorrow . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says years from now , many may not remember 9/11 . Will the war even be over ? He says remembrances are moving but ca n't be expected to bring resolution to attacks He says World War II ended with a surrender ; no such thing is expected in this war Greene : On Monday U.S. will still be wishing for tranquillity , even as event fades into history
CNN  -- For most of the year London 's O2 Arena , located on the south bank of the famous River Thames , plays host to the world 's biggest music acts . But since 2009 , the venue has also spent one week in November staging tennis ' season-ending showpiece -- the ATP World Tour Finals . The event pits the world 's top eight male tennis players and doubles pairings against each other in a round-robin contest , with an unbeaten winner pocketing a check for $ 1.63 million . But before the elite of the game can do battle on the court , the O2 must be transformed from a concert venue to a world-class tennis facility . That 's where World Tour Finals tournament director Chris Kermode and his team come in . Can Federer make World Tour Finals history ? "  The build time that we have is very short , " Kermode told CNN . "  Rihanna was here on Tuesday night until midnight and we moved in at 1am in the morning on Wednesday . "  We had two days to turn the O2 Arena from probably the greatest music venue in the world into the greatest sporting venue in the world . " The electric blue court , neon digital displays and dazzling lights give the 17,500 fans packed into the O2 an experience which is poles apart from the regal aura which surrounds the grass courts of Wimbledon -- located just 10 miles away . "  The O2 is pretty much a music venue , " explains Kermode . "  Laying the court might sound quite basic but it 's actually quite time consuming . "  We stage it in a very different way . So there 's big screens , there 's light shows , lots of digital boarding around the court . "  We build a 7,000 square meter fanzone , we also build a sponsors village with a practice court in the middle . So there 's a lot to do in a very short space of time . " The work done transforming the O2 is certainly appreciated by the fans who flock to the week-long tournament . The 2010 event saw over 250,000 spectators come to see the action across the seven days of competition . Tennis fan Thav Phouthavong was taking in the action on Thursday and was struck by the transformation the venue had undergone . "  It 's my first time here at the O2  watching tennis  but I 've been to music gigs here , " he said . "  It 's completely transformed with the tennis memorabilia , practice courts and fan zones . Normally it 's an empty space . " Spanish spectator Luis Rodriguez was also impressed with the arena , saying it surpassed previous tennis experiences in his homeland . "  It 's my first time here , " he said . "  I 've been to the Barcelona tournament before , I prefer this . The size of the O2 is a lot bigger and better . They 've got restaurants , it 's really spacious and there 's a lot more to do . " Prior to the event moving to London in 2009 , Shanghai served as the location for what was then called the Tennis Masters Cup . Kermode explained how the timing was perfect for the O2 to take on the mantle from the Chinese city . "  The chairman of the ATP was looking where to take it from Shanghai and decided bringing it to the UK , and London , was a good move . The O2 was just about to be opened ; it was a perfect synergy to match the two together . " In addition to giving tennis a futuristic face-lift , Kermode also believes hosting the World Tour Finals at a venue such as the O2 opens the sport up to a wider audience . "  Where the O2 has been so successful is the acts that they 've had over the years has made this venue a destination venue in it 's own right , " he said of the arena which has been converted from the Millennium Dome attraction . "  So what we 've managed to create here is almost attracting a new audience to tennis that historically maybe could n't get tickets to Queens and Wimbledon . People who had maybe never seen live tennis before . So we 've got the core tennis fans and we 've got sporting fans who are seeing the game for the first time . " Neil Harman is the tennis correspondent for British newspaper The Times . He is full of praise for the show put on by the O2 , saying the way in which tennis has flourished at the arena is reminiscent of when the finals were played at New York 's Madison Square Garden between 1977 and 1989 . "  To my mind it 's a very natural venue for tennis , much like Madison Square Garden was in terms of an indoor venue , " said Harman . "  The way it 's set up , the way the tennis court itself is spot-lighted ... There are certain places you feel tennis was made for and I think this is definitely one of them . " Harman is also convinced the event is creating new fans for the sport , with tickets more obtainable than they are for one of the tennis ' four grand slams . "  Very few people get to go to Wimbledon . Here , there 's more of a sense of the general population getting in and being able to feel the pulse of the sport . "  To get that close to Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal is something special . The whole thing is designed to draw people into the sport and I think that 's what we need to do . "  It 's not a surprise to me that places like Madison Square Garden , like the O2 , although they are ostensibly concert venues , with a bit of imagination , a bit of thought and a bit of foresight , can be transformed into great sporting venues . " The O2 's deal to host the World Tour Finals expires in 2013 , with the ATP yet to make a decision on where the event will move onto next . Wherever the tournament ends up , Harman believes the O2 Arena has raised the bar and helped increase tennis ' global profile . "  It 's setting a benchmark ; the next venue has got to step up . When it moves from here , and I 'm sure it will because the message of tennis has to be global , it 's going to be a very tough act to follow . "  Everywhere across the world we have to portray the message that tennis is a superb sport to come and watch , but very few do it as well as this . "	Since 2009 , London 's O2 Arena has hosted the ATP World Tour Finals The event is played out between world 's top-ranked male singles and doubles stars The O2 is predominantly a music venue , playing host to artists like Rihanna The O2 Arena 's deal to host season-ending event runs until 2013
CNN  -- Last August , then-Republican presidential nominee John McCain introduced to the nation his surprise pick for vice president , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has a strong base of supporters , as well as a steady supply of vocal critics . At the time , little was known about the fresh-faced , first-term governor , but within days , Palin 's face was on newspapers , magazines and tabloids . Since then , Palin has become a polarizing figure in the Republican Party . Her passionate supporters are countered with equally fervent critics . And even though it 's been nearly a year since she ventured onto the national stage and more than eight months since the Republican ticket lost the election , as Palin prepares to leave office , the public 's interest in her has yet to wane . Palin explains why she 's stepping down "  She 's kind of a shooting star that caught fire and kept burning , " said Lorenzo Benet , an assistant editor for People magazine and author of "  Trailblazer : An Intimate Biography of Sarah Palin . " "  When she walks into a room , she definitely commands attention and she gets more than most . She 's definitely a star , " said Benet , who was the only national journalist to have spent much time with Palin in the weeks before she was announced as McCain 's running mate . Palin , a mother of five , "  caught the imagination " of the public because there is no one else like her , Benet said . "  Particularly for conservative America , there has n't been a rallying figure of this type , " he noted . In the days leading up to Palin 's debut speech at the Republican National Convention last September , Palin revealed that her 17-year-old daughter Bristol was pregnant . The announcement followed Internet rumors that Sarah Palin 's 4-month-old baby was actually Bristol 's . The instant fascination with Palin and her family was just a glimpse of what was to come . The public wanted to know everything it could about the Alaska governor , whose resume also included beauty queen , high school basketball star , TV sportcaster and mayor of the small Alaska town of Wasilla . Amid all the rumors and negative press , Palin showed herself to be a fierce attack dog and came out throwing punches in her speech at the RNC . The self-described "  hockey mom " tore into then-candidate Barack Obama as two-faced , inexperienced and intoxicated by the sound of his own voice . Even her critics recognized the spirit she brought to the GOP . Palin continued to throw flames on the campaign trail , energizing her supporters and outraging her adversaries . "  She yelled fire in a crowded theater . She really did , in some of her speeches -- ` palling around ' with terrorists and some of the other slurs she was hurling in the way of Obama and the Democrats , " said Larry Persily , a former Palin staffer and Alaskan journalist . "  That turned off an equally big chunk of the American public that found it distasteful , destructive , divisive , mean and ignorant . Whereas others said , ` Way to go girl . You stick it to them , " he said . But Palin has n't always been such a divisive figure . Before entering the national scene , Palin , who knocked out incumbent Republican Frank Murkowski in the gubernatorial primary , was touted as one of the most popular governors in the country , with approval ratings nearing 90 percent . She was seen as a champion of ethics , determined to root out corruption and challenge the status quo . For those in Alaska , Palin 's Reaganesque appeal was nothing new . She secured her role as a local hero back in 1982 when she led Wasilla High School 's basketball team to a state championship . And in a small community like Wasilla , that was a big deal . Alaskans liked her "  combativeness and feistiness , " Benet said , and resurrected her nickname of "  Barracuda " during her successful 1996 campaign to be Wasilla 's mayor . But when Palin 's "  Barracuda " side hit the national stage , it was met with mixed reactions . Evangelia Souris , the president of Optimum International Center for Image Management , says Palin 's potential is the driving force behind the public 's love-hate relationship with her . "  That 's what people are drawn to , and that 's what actually threatens others . She definitely has the power to shake up a lot of old-school institutions . " said Souris , who has advised politicians . Furthermore , Souris said , "  I just do n't think people were ready for somebody so attractive and so fashionable and so hip to actually be campaigning . She falls out of the norm , " Souris added . But despite grumblings from some that they 're sick of hearing about her , stories about her continue to get a lot of attention . Benet said People magazine follows two politicians : "  One is Obama , and one is Sarah Palin -- and then there 's everybody else . " From being dogged by ethics complaints , to her public fight with Levi Johnston  the father of her grandson and ex-fiance of her daughter  , to her recent announcement that she 's resigning this week as governor , Palin has maintained a steady presence in the public eye since stepping off the campaign trail . Michael Carey , a columnist with the Anchorage Daily News , says Palin stirs excitement -- and hostility -- because "  people want to see her even if they do n't like her . " He likens the public 's interest with her to "  drinking on the sly . " People say , "  I do n't want to do this , I know I should n't , but I do it anyway , " he said . Some people love Palin , Persily said , because they can relate to her . "  I think much of America said , ` Oh gee look at her , she 's just like us . Kind of dumb on some things , kind of smart on others . Imperfect . And not at all embarrassed to show all of her imperfections . ' " But others saw her imperfections as inadequacies . "  She 's simplistic . Some people love the simplistic approach to problems . Others shake their heads and say , ` My God , you do n't get it . ' " Persily added . Opponents have been quick to question Palin 's intellectual chops , pointing to her spotty college career . Palin attended five colleges , graduating from the University of Idaho with a communications degree in 1987 . A series of botched national interviews did n't do much to disprove their point . But even Palin 's critics admire her ability to connect with the people , Benet said . "  I do n't think I 've ever really met anyone like that , except maybe Bill Clinton , that will have that interpersonal eye contact with you and will remember your name and your kids ' names , and make small talk with you and be really sincere about it , " he said . Benet predicted that while Palin might take a short break to recoup once she hands off power on Sunday , "  she 'll be back in the public eye . " "  I do see her turning this to her advantage , " he said , noting that she 's made a similar move before . In 2004 , Palin stepped down as chair of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission after less than a year on the job , amid controversy over ethics allegations against another committee member . She turned that move around and used it as a launchpad to run for governor , because she went after the corruption going on in Alaska at the time . "  For me , I think she 's just catching her breath . She 's just too young to retire , " he added . "  She did say 10 years ago she wanted to be president some day . She has n't backed off from that . " In Carey 's opinion , Palin 's career as an elected official is over , but he does n't expect Palin to be leaving the headlines anytime soon . "  She 's gone from being our governor or a public figure in Alaska to being a national celebrity , " he said . "  It 's clear that her days of governor -- there are just a few of them left , but she 's really only at the beginning of her career as a celebrity . "	Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin stepping down from office on Sunday In the year since her national debut , she 's become a polarizing figure in the GOP People are drawn to -- and threatened by -- her potential , image consultant says Palin is beginning her career as a national celebrity , columnist Michael Carey says
CNN  -- For those of us still religiously watching reruns of "  Boy Meets World , " great news : TVLine reports that the Disney Channel is considering a sequel series , "  Girl Meets World , " that would focus on the adolescent daughter of Ben Savage 's Cory Matthews and Danielle Fishel 's Topanga Lawrence . Word has it Disney is also trying to get Matthews and Fishel to return to portraying Cory and Topanga , and Fishel raised our hopes by tweeting November 3 , "  Just want you guys to know that @BenSavage and I have talked and we 've decided ... Thanksgiving is going to be delicious this year ! " While we wait to see whether Disney will make a "  Boy Meets World " update a reality , let 's catch up with the cast : Ben Savage  Cory Matthews Ben Savage played the mischievous Cory Matthews from 1993-2000 , going from sixth-grader to college student and newlywed . Following "  Boy Meets World " series finale , Savage went on to graduate from college in real life , earning a degree in political science from Stanford in 2004 . The now 32-year-old has continued to act , both in movies like 2007 's "  Palo Alto , CA , " and with appearances on shows such as "  Without a Trace , " "  Bones , " "  Chuck " and "  Shake It Up ! " William Daniels  George Feeny William Daniels ' George Feeny was one of the most beloved adult characters on "  Boy Meets World , " playing a teacher/principal/next-door neighbor and voice of reason to Cory Matthews . Daniels moved on from following Cory throughout his educational career to landing roles on "  Touched by an Angel , " "  The Closer " and "  The King of Queens . " Most recently , 85-year-old Daniels appeared on the ninth season of "  Grey 's Anatomy " as Dr. Craig Thomas . Rider Strong  Shawn Hunter It 's unknown if Cory 's best friend , Shawn Hunter , would be in consideration for a potential new series , but we sure hope so . The character , with his leather jacket and floppy haircut that turned actor Rider Strong into a major crush for fans , appeared in all 158 episodes of "  Boy Meets World . " After the series ended in 2000 , Strong continued acting in shows such as "  Kim Possible " and "  Pepper Dennis , " and movies such as 2002 's "  Cabin Fever . " The Columbia grad  English , ' 04  and Bennington College M.F.A. has moved behind the camera as of late , having written and directed projects along with his brother , Shiloh , such as 2008 's "  Irish Twins . " Betsy Randle  Amy Matthews After playing the mom of Cory Matthews , Amy , Betsy Randle has kept a low profile . The married actress and mom of two was last spotted on the now-defunct series "  Charmed " in 2004 . Will Friedle  Eric Matthews Will Friedle played Cory Matthews ' lovably dense older brother , Eric , for seven years . Once the show ended , Friedle kept up a career on the small screen , although viewers might not have recognized him . Now 36 , he 's done voice work on "  Batman Beyond , " "  Kim Possible , " "  The Penguins of Madagascar " and "  Thundercats " as Lion-O . William Russ  Alan Matthews William Russ , now 62 , moved on from playing even-keeled dad  and pretty randy husband !  Alan Matthews to roles in both daytime  "  The Young and the Restless "  and primetime  "  Boston Legal "  . He 's most recently appeared on the CBS new series "  Vegas . " Danielle Fishel  Topanga Lawrence Danielle Fishel came to fame playing '90s dream girl Topanga Lawrence , who went from aggravating know-it-all to Cory Matthews ' sweetheart and , at series end , his wife . Fishel tried her hand at film with "  National Lampoon Presents Dorm Daze " after the series ended , but has moved away from acting in recent years . The 31-year-old has served as a special correspondent on "  The Tyra Banks Show , " as host of Style 's "  The Dish , " and now appears on MSN TV 's "  Last Night on TV . " Lily Nicksay  Morgan Matthews , 1993-95 The original Morgan , Lily Nicksay played little sister to Cory and Eric for two years before Lindsay Ridgeway took over . Nicksay , now 24 , has continued to work in TV with roles on "  Judging Amy " and "  8 Simple Rules . " Lindsay Ridgeway  Morgan Matthews , 1996-2000 After playing the slightly older Morgan for the remainder of "  Boy Meets World 's " seven-season run , Ridgeway did voice work on the TV series "  Totally Spies ! " Like some of her castmates , Ridgeway went on to pursue a higher education at the University of California , Riverside , from which she graduated in 2007 . Anthony Tyler Quinn  Jonathan Turner After playing high school teacher Jonathan Turner from 1994 to 1997 , Anthony Tyler Quinn stayed on the small screen with roles on "  Melrose Place " and "  Caroline in the City , " plus a steady diet of guest appearances .  "  Pretty Little Liars " fans , did you spot him in the 2012 episode , "  A Hot Piece of A " ? Matthew Lawrence  Jack Hunter Matthew Lawrence , brother of fellow actors Joey and Andrew , played the older half-brother of Shawn Hunter and Eric Matthews ' best friend and roommate , Jack . The 32-year-old actor has landed big screen roles after "  Boy Meets World " in movies such as 2002 's "  The Hot Chick " and 2007 's "  The Comebacks . " Trina McGee  Angela Moore Rider Strong 's Shawn Hunter was a heartthrob , but to Trina McGee 's credit , fans also rooted for her character Angela 's relationship with the resident bad boy of "  Boy Meets World . " The 43-year-old mother of three continued acting on the big-screen with an appearance in 2002 's "  Friday After Next " and on the small screen with an appearance in 2007 on the comedy , "  All of Us . " Lee Norris  Stuart Minkus Longtime fans remember the nerdy Minkus well , but the character did n't last long on the series . Lee Norris , however , has had a healthy TV career ; the 31-year-old has starred on "  One Tree Hill " as Marvin "  Mouth " McFadden .	TVLine reports that the Disney Channel is considering a "  Boy Meets World " sequel "  Girl Meets World " would be about the adolescent daughter of Cory and Topanga Ben Savage and Danielle Fishel might reprise their roles
CNN  -- Hip Hop : From Yemen to Morocco Born in Ohio , the Yemeni-American rapper known as AJ brought hip hop from Youngstown to Yemen . He has rapped about everything from chewing qat to combating terror . He hopes , through the power of music , Yemen 's youth can overcome the poverty of their land . By setting a positive message for them , he wants to help give them a better outlook on life and create a place for hip hop in Yemen 's future generation . Mohammed Jamjoom has the story . Meanwhile in Morocco , young people are also embracing the rhythmic beats of hip hop and local artists are turning music from the West into something uniquely their own . "  The office " -- Israeli Style An Arab warehouse manager , an ultra-orthodox Jewish saleswoman , a bitter Russian accountant and a large boss who thinks he can bellydance . Sounds awkward and uncomfortable ? It 's supposed to be ! It 's the latest adaptation of Ricky Gervais ' hit comedy -- this is "  The Office " Israel-style . Paula Hancocks reports on how the combination of comedy , politics and conflict comes together to create a hit TV show for the Israeli audience . My Middle East : "  My Istanbul " with author Elif Shafak In the latest installment in our ongoing series , My Middle East , renowned Turkish author Elif Shafak shows us around Istanbul and tells us how her writing style and her stories are inspired by her city . A vibrant multi-cultural metropolis literally straddling two continents , Istanbul 's energy is a driving force behind Shafak 's creativity and helps inspire the unique style that has made her one of Turkey 's leading voices .	Yemeni rapper AJ tries to help youngsters overcome poverty through music "  The Office " Israeli-style : popular comedy show gets a makeover for audiences in Israel Turkish author Elif Shakaf takes IME on a tour of Istanbul and talks about her work
Atlanta  CNN  -- Georgia Institute of Technology student Nicholas Selby is a force to be reckoned with . The sophomore is a Mechanical Engineering major , co-leads Team Solar Jackets -- Georgia Tech 's team that built and raced a solar-powered car in the Formula Sun Grand Prix -- and is a president 's scholar , representing the top 2 % of enrolled students at the university . It 's safe to say he must have a lot of energy -- and it appears to have been unleashed during his welcome speech Sunday to this year 's freshman class . It started out like many other convocations . Faculty , staff and notable guests , including Selby -- dressed in a traditional black robe with his mortarboard perfectly perched upon his head -- addressed the new recruits : "  We chose Georgia Tech because we want to do the impossible . " But then , something unexpected started to unfold . Music from "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " began as Selby quoted Sir Isaac Newton : "  If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants . " As the trumpets from the iconic movie theme song swelled , so did Selby 's passion , with the cadence a drill sergeant would envy . "  Crush the shoulders of the giants upon whom we stand . We here are all such innovative people . So I am telling you : If you want to change the world , you 're at Georgia Tech ! You can do that ! If you want to build the Iron Man suit , you 're at Georgia Tech ! You can do that ! And if you want to play theme music during your convocation speech like a bad ass , we 're at Georgia Tech , we can do that ! I am doing that ! " Selby breathlessly finished the speech with his arms raised in victory , to applause from the roughly 4,000 people in attendance -- some of whom seemed a little shell-shocked from his intensity . After a brief pause , Selby deadpanned with a smirk : "  Congratulations on your acceptance and brace yourselves for a hell of a ride on your way to becoming a hell of an engineer . " That last phrase was a reference to refrain of the school 's famous fight song . Freshmen , wearing their traditional yellow caps slightly askew , appeared stunned ; and they were n't the only ones . Video of the speech is going viral with over 340,000 hits since being posted Monday . Comments on the video range from poking fun at Selby 's appearance -- "  Welcome to Hogwarts , " a reference to Selby 's Harry Potter-like appearance -- to enthusiasm . One person commented , "  I am 30 yrs old , I already went to college . I am married , I have a kid , and a full time job in New York ... and after watching that , I just applied to Georgia Tech . " Another person felt the speech was so epic that becoming Selby 's best friend feels possible "  Because I go to Georgia Tech ! "	Sophomore 's enthusiastic welcome speech stuns freshmen Video of the epic speech is going viral Selby played theme from "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " as the soundtrack to his speech Selby : "  You can do that ! I am doing that ! "
CNN  -- Not many winners of the Cannes Film Festival Palm d'Or thank ghosts and spirits in their acceptance speech . But for Apichatpong Weerasethakul , Thailand 's first ever winner of the film award , it was a natural thing to do . "  It was kind of an in-joke . At the same time , I think -LSB- "  Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives " -RSB- is about -LSB- a person -RSB- who believes in spirits , in reincarnation so I kind of thank him for it because he might have been there , " he told CNN . The award came as a shock to Weerasethakul , who has previously found success at Cannes when he won the Jury Prize in 2004 for "  Tropical Malady , " but did n't expect to win the big prize . "  When I heard Tim Burton will be head of jury , I was thinking no way ... but when I actually won the prize I thought a different way that maybe because Tim Burton has always created his own wacky world and also my film operates in my own world , and it 's quite a nutty one . " The "  nutty world " of "  Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives " has a lead character  played by a real-life roof welder  who talks to spirits and ghosts as he faces the last days of this life . Weerasethakul believes the success of the film at the festival and with international audiences where it has been shown is down to the universal theme of fear of loss . "  Another point is if the trend of movie culture is to be so bombarded by such high production movies , people crave for a personal movie now , a small one , " he said . While some critics debated if "  Uncle Boonmee " was a worth winner of such an esteemed award , others praised Weerasethakul for creating a film more like a metaphysical meditation ; Tim Burton described it as "  like a beautiful dream that you do n't see very often . " Weerasethakul however has been battling with the harsh realities of making what many consider art-house film in Thailand for many years . The "  Uncle Boonmee " project took three years to complete and many of his other films have faced heavy censorship . His 2006 film "  Syndromes and The Century " was accused by the Thai authorities as being a potential threat to national security , something Weerasethakul refuted . "  You can not make anything , I mean , you can not -LSB- talk -RSB- basically about politics , and also religion , and other institutions in Thailand . You can not talk about that in cinema . So that kind of cripples you in a way . " He won a few battles against the film censors and helped to establish a rating system for films in Thailand , but Weerasethakul still believes the need to speak out against limits to freedom of speech . Weerasethakul was not surprised to see the protests and violence that gripped Thailand 's capital earlier this year . "  I guess -LSB- the violence -RSB- is bound to happen because we had such a huge gap in the difference in the classes of people . -LSB- It -RSB- also makes us think about where we stand especially if you 're Thai ; it forces us to think about our moral standpoint . "  I think we all should speak more . About how we feel . About this oppression . Because Thailand has become a democracy not long ago . And people still , we are still in obedience ? It is a very obedience culture . "	Apichatpong Weerasethakul won the Palm d'Or at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival Thai director thanked ghosts and spirits in his acceptance speech Weerasethakul critical of lack of freedom on expression in Thailand
CNN  -- A snowplow driver who 's been blamed by Russian authorities for a plane crash that killed the chief executive of the oil company Total has been sent to pretrial detention , his lawyer said Thursday . Snowplow driver Vladimir Martynenko has denied claims by Russian officials that he was drunk at the time of the crash Monday at Moscow 's Vnukovo International Airport . Total CEO Christophe de Margerie and three others were killed after his plane hit the snowplow during takeoff and crashed . Four other airport employees have also been detained in connection with the crash , a Russian investigative committee said earlier . They are : the airport service chief engineer , Vladimir Ledenev , who 's in charge of snow-clearing operations ; flights director Roman Dunayev ; air traffic controller Svetlana Krivsun ; and the airport 's chief air traffic controller , Alexander Kruglov . "  Investigators believe the detained persons failed to provide safety requirements concerning flights and on-ground works and it led to the tragedy , " a statement from the investigative committee said . "  They have been detained and questioned as suspects in the case . " Amid the fallout from the incident , the airport 's director general , Andrei Dyakov , and deputy director general Sergei Solntsev have resigned , the airport said in a statement Thursday . Their resignations have been accepted . The airport 's shift director , the head of the airport 's maintenance division and the leading engineer who heads the shift have been suspended from duties . Blood test Martynenko 's lawyer , Aleksandr Karabanov , told CNN that a court decided Thursday to place him in detention . "  The judge explained her decision , saying that the court decided that Martynenko could escape , put pressure on trial participants or destroy the evidence , " Karabanov said . He said the judge had also introduced a doctor 's certificate with results of a preliminary medical examination . She said that according to that data , Martynenko was found to be drunk , but the final results would be known and announced in five to seven days . "  I found it 's ridiculous and it makes no sense , " Karabanov said . "  During that medical examination , Martynenko had a blood test that would show whether there was alcohol in his blood . It always takes only a day or two to get the results . Why are we still not given any ? " He said he was convinced his client was sober at the time . Log book Karabanov said at a news conference Wednesday that Martynenko had passed a daily "  medical examination " that all snowplow operators at the airport are required to take before reporting for duty . The lawyer said the results of the test were recorded in a log book that investigators now have . According to the lawyer , Martynenko became separated from a convoy of snowplows after he heard a strange sound and stopped briefly to check his equipment . The lawyer speculated that an unnamed air traffic controller saw the other snowplows in the convoy and cleared the runway without realizing that Martynenko 's machine was still there . The French government has deployed three investigators and two technical consultants from its aviation authority to also investigate the crash . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko and Phil Black reported from Moscow , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	NEW : Judge orders snowplow driver involved in crash to be held in pretrial detention Director general of the airport and his deputy resign from their posts Four other people are detained over a crash that killed the head of a French oil firm Total CEO Christophe de Margerie and three others were killed in the crash in Moscow
CNN  -- Socks . They 're just not for feet anymore . Apparently they make pretty tasty snacks too , if you 're not too discriminating and you happen to be a 3-year-old Great Dane . Just do n't eat too many . And by too many , 43 would be a good example . "  We opened up his stomach and kept removing sock after sock of all different shapes and sizes , " Dr. Ashley Magee at DoveLewis Animal Hospital in Portland , Oregon , told CNN affiliate KGW . The super-sized pooch had shown a hankering for socks before , but the extent of the problem was n't apparent until he got sick and the X-rays showed the contents of his belly . Oh , and those X-rays even impressed the experts . The vet clinic submitted them to the annual "  They Ate WHAT ? " contest at Veterinary Practice News and won the $ 500 third prize , losing out to a frog who gobbled up 30 rocks from the bottom his cage and a German shorthaired pointer who swallowed a metal shish kabob skewer . The Great Dane is doing just fine . He was home a day after his surgery . So far , no reported sock incidents . But should he return to his sock habit , his owners can only hope that this too shall pass . My dog eats rocks , and other strange things CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	The veterinarian removed "  sock after sock " from the dog 's stomach There were 43 socks inside the 3-year-old Great Dane The dog had eaten socks before The amazing X-rays of the socks in the dog 's belly won 3rd place in a contest
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Imprisoned Ukrainian opposition leader and former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has ended her 12-day hunger strike , Ukraine 's Batkivschyna opposition party said Friday . Tymoshenko 's daughter , Eugenia Tymoshenko , visited her mother at the prison where she is held in Kharkov , according to the party . Eugenia said after her visit that her mother is "  very weak now ; she almost does not get up from bed . This is because it is her third hunger strike in a short period of time . " Eugenia said many people , including European and world leaders , had asked her mother to stop the hunger strike , according to the Batkivschyna party . But her mother 's decision followed a request by protesters who have been demonstrating in Kiev 's Independence Square for Ukraine 's integration with the European Union , her daughter told the party . "  She stopped her hunger strike upon the request of the people on the square . They asked her to take care of her life , her health , so she could be with us , " Eugenia Tymoshenko said . The government of President Viktor Yanukovich suspended talks with the European Union last month , angering many Ukrainians who say an EU agreement would have opened borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion . The subsequent protests are the biggest in Ukraine since the so-called Orange Revolution nine years ago , a populist movement that toppled the government . The battle over Ukraine : Toward a new geopolitical game About 7,000 people were protesting in the capital , Kiev , as of Friday morning , police said . The crowds often swell in size in the evenings as people leave work and join the protest . While many have been demonstrating in Independence , or Maidan , Square , others have rallied outside the Cabinet Office , the presidential office and other government offices . Larger rallies are planned for the weekend . Chief among Yanukovich 's reasons for backpedaling on the EU talks was Russia 's opposition to it . Russia threatened its neighbor with trade sanctions and steep gas bills if it forged ahead with an EU deal but promised deep discounts on natural gas if it were to join the Moscow-led Customs Union instead . Yanukovich was also facing an EU demand that he was unwilling to meet : free Tymoshenko , his chief political opponent . The Orange Revolution that swept him from office in 2004 , when he was prime minister , also swept Tymoshenko to power . Tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison two years ago after being convicted of abuse of authority over a natural gas deal negotiated with Russia in 2009 . The United States and Europe see the punishment as politically motivated . Yanukovich met his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin in Russia on Friday , against the backdrop of the anti-government protests . Putin and Yanukovich discussed the strategic partnership between the two countries , Yanukovich 's office said . Yanukovich also canceled a planned trip to Malta -- a European Union member -- "  due to the necessity to focus attention on the internal political issues , " his office said . Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Yulia Tymoshenko has ended a hunger strike , opposition party cites her daughter as saying Eugenia Tymoshenko says her mother is very weak after what is her third hunger strike She stopped her fast at the request of anti-government protesters , Eugenia says Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich meets with Russia 's Vladimir Putin
CNN  -- With its heaving highways , glittering skyscrapers , contemporary art and design spaces , and countless new developments , Beijing is a thoroughly modern city . But beyond its contemporary facade are the remnants of hundreds of years of traditional history . Home to numerous ruling dynasties , Beijing is famed for its Forbidden City , a majestic court surrounded by high walls , once all but impossible to enter , which can now be visited by locals and tourists alike . Palaces temples and observatories dot the city , usually set in parks providing respite from the hustle and bustle . CNN 's World 's Treasures offers its top five picks of Beijing 's traditional sites , from palaces laden with jaw-dropping artifacts to tranquil sculpted gardens that will -- almost -- make you forget you 're in a buzzing modern metropolis . The Forbidden City Built in the early 15th century , this gilded fortress was the seat of power during the Ming and Qing dynasties . With its breathtaking art and furniture and its sheer scale , the Forbidden City is a must on any Beijing travel itinerary . Visitors can easily lose themselves for hours admiring its opulence , sheltered from the outside world by high walls . Secret Garden of Beijing 's Forbidden City garden revealed The Summer Palace Set in a landscaped park , the imperial court 's summer residence is now a beautiful resting spot for the city-weary . Pavilions , temples and palaces make up the stunning vista , but perhaps the most memorable feature is a marble boat commissioned by the Empress Dowager Cixi . It also boasts the 900-meter Long Gallery -- home to paintings of mythological scenes -- and a lake on which you can row boats in summer and ice skate in winter . The Temple of Heaven The Temple of Heaven , located in Beijing 's Tiantan Park , was built in the 15th century during the Ming period and is admired for its complex architecture that symbolizes the meeting between heaven and earth , with the Emperor believed to have been the link between the two . The Temple was where sacrifices were offered to heaven and earth , and these were carried out for nearly 500 years before being banned at the beginning of the 20th century . Ancient Observatory The history of this observatory stretches all the way back to the days of Khubilai Khan , grandson of the feared Mongolian warlord Genghis . It is set in a tranquil park , features eight Ming dynasty astronomical instruments on its roof , and is attached to a small museum . Khubilai Khan 's riches travel to New York Confucian Temple Completed in 1306 , during the Yuan dynasty , the Confucian Temple was both a place of learning and where emperors offered sacrifices to the philosopher Confucius up until the beginning of the 20th century . Carvings , commemorative stone tablets and numerous statues of wise men make this a quiet pit-stop , perfect for a spot of contemplation .	Beijing may be a bustling modern metropolis but it is steeped in hundreds of years of history CNN World 's Treasures selects five top sites for travelers eager to sample the city 's imperial past Highlights include the Forbidden City , the Summer Palace and the Temple of Heaven
Waretown , New Jersey  CNN  -- In the shadow of the nation 's oldest operating nuclear power plant , Alfonse Esposito fishes along Oyster Creek in central New Jersey , where he 's caught and eaten bluefish and kingfish for 37 years . "  I never had a problem with the fish . I 'm fine , " says the retiree . "  There 's not anything wrong . " But there is , warns Waretown Mayor Joe Lachawiec , who used to fish here himself . He worries about leaks of radioactive water the Oyster Creek Generating Station revealed two years ago , shortly after the nuclear power plant 's owner , Exelon Corp. , won a license renewal from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . In April 2009 Exelon discovered two leaks in underground pipes , allowing radioactive tritium to enter the groundwater . Later that year , in August , Exelon discovered yet another leak in a six-inch aluminum pipe . "  I know that tritium is a dangerous radioactive material , " Lachawiec said . Tritium is a radioactive isotope of hydrogen . It occurs naturally . But it 's also a byproduct of nuclear power generation . Because of the leaks , tritium seeped into the aquifers directly underneath the power plant . Those underground waterways eventually feed into wells that provide drinking water . Monitoring wells in New Jersey 's Cohansey aquifer last year detected tritium levels of 4 million picocuries per liter , 200 times what the Environmental Protection Agency considers safe . Such radioactive spills are a problem nationwide . More than half of the country 's 65 nuclear power plant sites have suffered significant tritium leaks or spills , according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . The worst was at the Braidwood plant , 60 miles southwest of Chicago , also owned by Exelon , which leaked more than 6 million gallons of contaminated water , causing some tritium to enter a drinking water well . Many of the leaks are the result of corroding underground pipes that have not been maintained . That can lead to a variety of radioactive compounds entering groundwater , but tritium travels fastest through the soil . The commission did not order Exelon to clean up the spill at Oyster Creek , an example , some scientists claim , of the agency 's failure to fully protect the public . "  The NRC 's almost acting like they 're waiting till somebody dies till they enforce the regulation . Tombstone regulation -- that 's too high a price to pay by Americans , " said David Lochbaum , director of the Nuclear Safety Project of the Union of Concerned Scientists . Lochbaum , a nuclear engineer and former instructor for the NRC , claims the commission is playing what he calls "  regulatory roulette , " sanctioning plant owners and demanding a clean-up in some cases , such as the Braidwood spill , but not in other instances , like Oyster Creek . "  The NRC ca n't have a ` Wheel of Misfortune ' that decides when it acts and when it does n't . The NRC needs to consistently enforce its regulations so that all Americans living in all states are protected , " Lochbaum said . The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has taken such criticism seriously . Last year it conducted a self-analysis to determine if it was responding adequately to nuclear plant leaks . The commission 's Groundwater Task Force found that the "  NRC response to incidents could be enhanced to be more reliable . " "  It 's fair to say that we 're inconsistent in our response , " concedes Martin Virgilio , deputy executive director for reactor and preparedness programs at the commission . "  That was one of the things that we took from that task force was that we needed to be more consistent in how we approach these problems . " In the case of Oyster Creek and other similar plant leaks , however , the NRC argues it did the right thing in not sanctioning the plant operators because the radioactive water remained on the property of the nuclear plant . "  None of the leaks have been significant . If you think about the radiological effects of these leaks , none have exceeded our regulatory requirements or have caused any problems from a health perspective to anybody located either onsite or offsite of the nuclear power plants , " Virgilio said . New Jersey 's Department of Environmental Protection sharply disagrees . Not only is it concerned about tritium entering the underground aquifers , but analysis also shows a plume of tritium headed toward Oyster Creek surface water . So the state demanded Exelon clean up the contaminated groundwater . "  Once that water moved off the plant into the water supply of the state of New Jersey , we felt that it was in our responsibility to go after and protect that water supply , " said New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection Commissioner Bob Martin . "  We felt from New Jersey 's point of view , our number-one job was to protect the health and safety of people in New Jersey . " Exelon cooperated . It drilled wells to pump out the contaminated groundwater . Subsequent measurements indicate tritium levels are steadily dropping as more groundwater is extracted . In a written statement , the plant owner told CNN , "  Exelon continues to meet with the state on a periodic basis to discuss progress of groundwater remediation for the plant , and we understand we have met expectations to date . " The groundwater is processed through the Oyster Creek plant 's cooling system , where it is diluted . Then it pours into the Oyster Creek . So there are small concentrations of tritium in the creek where Alfonse Esposito fishes . But both state and federal regulators say those levels are far below what the Environmental Protection Agency would consider unsafe .	A leak of radioactive tritium from a nuclear plant in New Jersey drew no federal sanctions An NRC official concedes the agency has been inconsistent Critic : "  The NRC ca n't have a ` Wheel of Misfortune ' that decides when it acts "
Erick Muñoz tried to keep hope alive , but he knew his wife was dead . "  Many a night , I asked God to take me instead , " he said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's "  AC360 " on Wednesday . "  But you ca n't turn off that knowledge , that you know how bad it was . ... And I promised her , I told her I will honor her wishes . " On Sunday , someone switched off the machines inside a Texas hospital that kept Marlise Muñoz 's heart and lungs working . Her family spoke to CNN on Wednesday in their first national television interview since they won their battle to disconnect the ventilator from the pregnant woman 's body . Their wrenching court fight drew national attention and sparked debate over who 's alive , who 's dead and whether the presence of a fetus changes the equation . Now , they say they want their story to be heard in order to save other families from going through the same nightmare . Marlise was 33 years old and 14 weeks pregnant with the couple 's second child when her husband found her unconscious on their kitchen floor November 26 . Though doctors had pronounced her brain dead and her family had said she did not want to have machines keep her body alive , officials at John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth , Texas , argued state law required them to maintain life-sustaining treatment for a pregnant patient . Marlise did n't leave any written directives regarding end-of-life care . But long before she was hospitalized , her family said , they had made Marlise a promise to honor her wishes , and they were determined to keep it . "  We looked her in the eye and told her , " Erick Muñoz said , his voice cracking as he spoke to CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  And for the state of Texas , to not let us do that , was hard . You know , you want to keep your word to your loved one . " ` They 're using my wife ' Erick Muñoz had no doubt about what his wife wanted . They were both paramedics , and it was something they 'd talked about many times as they discussed their days . In their line of work , Erick Muñoz said , they became all too aware of families who held on to loved ones long after they 'd gone . And of how fleeting life can be . "  You work on a freeway or a busy road , " he said . "  That driver just accidentally hits you , and you could be gone . " Now that Marlise is gone , her family is pushing for others to have those same conversations . "  We were together on the same page from the very beginning , which we feel is very important for families that have to go through something like this , that there is n't any in-house fighting , " said Marlise 's mother , Lynne Machado . It should be a family 's decision , they said , not a political issue . They 've heard protesters and politicians pointing to the case and claiming laws should be rewritten to make sure someone like Marlise ca n't be disconnected from life support . Those people , they said , are missing the point . "  I feel that 's unfair on their part . They 're not the family . I ca n't take the right away from you to do something with your loved ones . I do n't feel they should , either , " Erick Muñoz said . "  I feel they 're using my wife , unfortunately , as a stepping stone , as an argument for their debates . They want votes . And I tell them , ` That 's wrong . ' ... They are using her as a political argument . " Mom : ` We needed to do this for her ' Marlise 's family members were preparing to say their final goodbyes in the ICU the day in November when doctors showed them that her heart kept stopping and that her brain was swelling . But then suddenly , the situation changed : a doctor told them they could n't disconnect the machines . The family says they were shocked , and that even the doctors seemed surprised . "  I thought , there must have been a miscommunication in some way . We said ` No , no , no . That 's not what she wanted . She wanted never to be on life support . ' They said , ` Well , but she 's pregnant . ' And then , you know , it went from there , " Machado said . "  We knew we were n't going to let this rest , because it was n't right . It was not honoring her wishes . " That 's why the family went to court and kept fighting , she said , even as the going got tough . Even as it became clearer every day that the woman they loved had slipped away . Even as her skin texture changed -- becoming like a mannequin 's , cool and rubbery . Even as the air in her hospital room started to smell more like death than life . "  There would be times I 'd feel frustrated by the process we were having to go through . And I could just feel Marlise say , ` Mom , do n't give up , keep going , keep fighting . ' And for many days , that 's what I held onto , " Machado said . "  We tried to raise our children to stand up for what 's right , even if you 're the only one standing up . And this is what Marlise would have done had the situation been different . She would have stood up for what 's right , so we needed to do this for her . " A judge in Fort Worth sided with the family on Friday , ordering the hospital to remove any artificial means of life support from Marlise by 5 p.m. Monday . The devices were shut off Sunday morning and her body was released to her husband . "  The Muñoz and Machado families will now proceed with the somber task of laying Marlise Muñoz 's body to rest , and grieving over the great loss that has been suffered , " the family 's attorneys said in a statement at the time . "  May Marlise Muñoz finally rest in peace , and her family find the strength to complete what has been an unbearably long and arduous journey . " Now , the family says they know that Marlise and the baby girl she carried , who they named Nicole , are in heaven . But even the legal victory , which gave them a chance to say their final goodbyes , was n't a moment for celebration . "  It was n't happy for anybody . There was not a happy ending , " Machado said . "  We were pleased that the judge ruled in our favor , and that he realized that Marlise was not a patient , as the hospital was saying . That she was , in fact , legally dead . " Attorneys : Fetus was ` distinctly abnormal ' What happens next ? The hospital acknowledged Friday that Marlise had been brain dead since November 28 and that the fetus she carried was not viable . "  The past eight weeks have been difficult for the Muñoz family , the caregivers and the entire Tarrant County community , which found itself involved in a sad situation , " a hospital statement said over the weekend . "  JPS Health Network has followed what we believed were the demands of a state statute . " Since the ventilator shut off , Machado said she 's finally started to do something she was n't able to do for months after she knew her daughter was gone : grieve . "  For me , closure began after she was disconnected . I was able to get a sense of closure . ... It was hard to start the grieving process when we still had this body that we knew was an empty shell in front of us , " she said . "  We really could n't start grieving , but now we can . " Erick Muñoz said he does n't know whether he 'll pursue legal action against the hospital . He said he 's angry , arguing that the hospital misinterpreted the Texas law and kept his wife 's heart beating long after she 'd died . And he said if hospital officials send him a bill for her time on a ventilator , there 's no way he 'll pay it . But it 's too soon to say what steps are next . Right now , he 's focused on their 15-month-old son . "  One of her wishes also was to raise a good man out of my son , and that 's what continues to drive me , and what I will use as my driving point for the rest of my life , " he said . "  Because that 's my job now , to raise a good man , because I promised her . " The ethics of life support What no one wants to talk about	Marlise Muñoz had been brain dead since November A hospital kept her body on a ventilator to preserve the fetus she carried Her family fought that decision in court and won Machines keeping her heart and lungs working were shut off on Sunday
CNN  -- The news of intense drug-related violence out of Jamaica is shocking and dreadful but entirely predictable . Wherever the war on drugs touches down , death and destruction result . A recent target is Kingston , Jamaica . When law enforcement attempted to smoke out Christopher "  Dudus " Coke , wanted in the U.S. for conspiracy to distribute marijuana and cocaine and to traffic in firearms , scores of people died in the urban warfare . The death toll reached 73 civilians as Jamaicans were caught in the crossfire between police , soldiers and armed thugs . Rival drug gangs used the confusion to eliminate their enemies and further ratchet up the violence . Coke has since agreed to surrender to officials in New York , because he "  feels it is in his best interest to be taken to the U.S. rather than to a Jamaican jail , " sources told the Jamaican Observer , but not before scores of people died . Given that the scenes of violence between rival drug gangs are so common , people often fail to consider the factors that fuel this violence . The reality is that Jamaicans are just the latest victims in a misguided and expensive war that has taken countless thousands of lives , from the streets of New York to the slums and shantytowns of Colombia , Mexico and other third-world nations . In more than four decades since former U.S. President Nixon first declared America 's "  war on drugs , " the battles against spreading disease , increasing violence and the ongoing destruction of families and neighborhoods have been lost . Mexico , a country all too familiar with violence as a way of life , is today a stark example of how crackdowns on drug cartels by American and local law enforcement agencies have utterly failed . The horrible drug-related violence in Mexico was intensified by President Felipe Calderón , with strong U.S. support . This crackdown has resulted in about 23,000 drug-related deaths across the country since 2006 . The bloodiest war has been fought in Juárez , a besieged city of 1.3 million on the U.S. border , where 5,100 people have been killed since 2008 . The global drug war has created a massive illicit market with an estimated annual value of $ 320 billion . In April , the newly created International Centre for Science in Drug Policy , of which I am founder , released a review of every English-language study to examine the link between drug law enforcement and violence . The review clearly demonstrates that the astronomical profits created by drug prohibition drive organized crime and its related violence . Several studies included in the report suggested that law enforcement 's removal of key players from the drug trade , such as Christopher Coke , only creates power vacuums that lead to violent and deadly competition . Many victims are not involved in the drug trade , as today 's civilian deaths in Mexico , the U.S. and Kingston 's slums illustrate . The war on drugs has generated a lucrative , cash-rich industry that has -- not surprisingly -- lured poverty-stricken participants from throughout the impoverished third world . In West Africa , entire countries , such as Guinea-Bissau , are at risk of becoming "  narco-states " as Colombian cocaine traffickers employ West African trade routes to distribute cocaine into destination markets in Europe , Russia and the Middle East . Estimates now suggest that 27 percent of all cocaine destined for Europe is transited through West Africa and is worth more than $ 1.8 billion annually wholesale -- and as much as 10 times that amount at the retail level . Illicit drugs are big business , with the influence and global reach that goes along the ability to create widespread wealth . Another conclusion of the review was the clear evidence that drug law enforcement has failed to reduce the availability of illegal drugs . From a scientific perspective , we must accept that law enforcement will never meaningfully reduce the flow of drugs . Economists know that the drug seizures we see over and over again as part of police photo ops have the perverse effect of making it that much more profitable for someone else to sell drugs . The laws of supply and demand have simply overwhelmed police efforts . With young people reporting that obtaining illicit drugs is easier than getting alcohol or tobacco , the situation could not get much worse . Strong scientific evidence points to the effectiveness of alternative regulatory models established in Portugal , the Netherlands and Switzerland to counter the disastrous consequences of illicit drug use and drug policies . The Cato Institute , a respected U.S. think tank , has released a report on alternative drug policies . Several years ago , Portugal parted ways with the U.S. and decriminalized all drugs so that resources could focus on prevention and treatment of drug use . The report shows Portugal 's policies have dramatically reduced HIV rates as drug addiction has been viewed as a health , rather than criminal justice , problem . In addition , Portugal now has the lowest rates of marijuana use in the European Union , with experts suggesting that the health focus has taken some of the glamour out of illegal drugs . Similarly , the de facto regulation of marijuana in the Netherlands and distribution through licensed coffee shops generates tax revenue for the country rather than profits for organized crime . Interestingly , rates of marijuana use in the Netherlands remain far lower than those in the U.S. Consider this against the backdrop of the mayhem in Mexico , much of which is driven by fighting to control the marijuana export industry . The American "  get tough " approach , although politically popular in certain circles , has failed to achieve its intended objectives : The supply of illicit drugs has increased , the costs of illicit drugs have dropped , and drug purity has risen . The mounting bloodshed in Mexico and the recent mayhem in Jamaica clearly demonstrate that the U.S. is exporting violence , breaking up families and increasing the taxpayer burden to help fight these fruitless battles . Americans themselves are suffering deeply from these misguided policies . It 's time to just say no to the war on drugs and to implement science-based alternative policy models that are proving effective in other parts of the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Evan Wood .	Evan Wood : Scores killed in Jamaica in attempt to nab suspected drug lord War on drugs has created a violent underground with billions to be made , Wood says Thousands of people die and gangs kill for profits , yet drugs get more plentiful , he writes Wood : Scientific , health-based approach instead of criminal approach works elsewhere
CNN  -- An abstinence-only education program is more effective than other initiatives at keeping sixth - and seventh-graders from having sex within a two-year period , according to a study described by some as a landmark . The study , published in the current issue of the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine , indicated that about one-third of the preteens and their young teen classmates who received an eight-hour abstinence lesson had sexual intercourse within two years of the class . By comparison , more than half of the students who were taught about safe sex and condom use reported having intercourse by the two-year mark , and more than 40 percent of students who received either an eight - or 12-hour lesson incorporating both abstinence education and safe sex reported having sex at two years . Among students who received instruction on overall good health , but not having to do with sex directly , nearly 47 percent had sexual activity in the two years after the class . "  This new study is game-changing , " the nonpartisan National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy said in a statement . "  For the first time , there is strong evidence that an abstinence-only intervention can help very young teens delay sex and reduce their recent sexual activity as well . " The study is "  quality research " and "  good science , " said James Wagoner , president of Advocates for Youth . According to its Web site , the Washington-based organization promotes "  a more positive and realistic approach to adolescent sexual health " in helping youths make informed and responsible decisions about sex and reproduction . The federal government has invested heavily in abstinence-only education in recent years . Abstinence education funding , established in the 1996 overhaul of welfare , did not allow talk of any forms of birth control other than to explain their limitations . Critics of such abstinence-only programs said their shortcomings led to a lack of knowledge of contraception among youths who choose to be sexually active . President Obama cut funding for abstinence-only education in his 2010 budget . The study did not impart any moral aspects to delaying the onset of intercourse , such as portraying sex in a negative light , Wagoner said . Nor did the abstinence lesson ask students to delay intercourse until marriage -- only until they are ready . Instead , the scientists said , they were interested in finding the effectiveness of various programs because adolescents who initiate intercourse at younger ages have a greater risk of sexually transmitted infections and pregnancy and report more sexually risky behavior , including multiple partners . The study looked at 662 African-American sixth - and seventh-graders recruited from four public middle schools that serve low-income communities in an unidentified city in the northeastern United States . The adolescents were recruited between September 2001 and March 2002 . The participants ' average age was 12.2 years , and 53.5 percent were girls . Although all young people are at risk of contracting the human immunodeficiency virus and other sexually transmitted infections and having unintended pregnancies , the study says the danger is greatest among African-Americans . "  In 2005 , " the authors said , "  17 percent of adolescents in the United States were African-American but 69 percent of adolescents with HIV/AIDS were African-American . Rates of STI are the highest among African-American individuals and adolescents , particularly adolescent girls . Pregnancy rates have been higher among African-American adolescents than among their Hispanic and white counterparts . " The study 's authors -- John B. Jemmott III , Loretta S. Jemmott and Geoffrey T. Fong -- cautioned that abstinence programs are not an effective long-term solution . "  A common shortcoming of behavior-change interventions is that efficacy is demonstrated in the short term but disappears at longer-term follow-up , " the report said . "  This may particularly be a problem for abstinence interventions . Unlike many risk behaviors  e.g. , cigarette smoking , drug use  , sexual intercourse is an age-graded behavior ; the expectation is that people will eventually have sexual intercourse . " The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy echoed that sentiment . "  It is unreasonable to expect any single intervention , curriculum or program to solve the teen pregnancy problem , " the nonprofit organization said . "  True and lasting progress requires not only good programs in schools and communities , but also supportive norms and values , informed and active parents , good health services , a positive media culture and more . " Wagoner , president of Advocates for Youth , said that in his opinion , the abstinence program does not go far enough toward helping youths who are sexually active make informed choices about contraception . He would like to see federal funding for programs aimed at abstinence and safe sex . "  If you 've got 24 percent of your class that 's sexually active , what about them ? " Wagoner asked . In addition , he said , "  OK , you 're 12 . You 've abstained until 14 . What about the next five years ? "	Third of youths who had 8-hour abstinence lesson had sexual intercourse within 2 years Abstinence-only teaching had better results than teaching about safe sex , condom use Study looked at 662 African-American sixth - and seventh-graders in northeastern U.S. Study calls STD , unintended pregnancy risks greatest among African-Americans
CNN  Those Hannibal Buress jokes about Bill Cosby ? They 've been no laughing matter to Buress , he told Jimmy Kimmel . "  It 's definitely a weird situation , " the comedian said on Wednesday 's show . "  I get a lot of messages from people about it . " Well , maybe some of them are a laughing matter . One of those messages , Buress continued , was a "  death threat from a male bodybuilder-slash-stripper on Facebook . " And there was a twist : He and the bodybuilder had one mutual friend . It made for an awkward situation , Buress said . "  Having to hit your friend up and say , ` Hey , man , can you tell your buddy to stop saying he 's going to murder me ? ' " Buress kickstarted the recent Cosby controversy by referencing the rape allegations against the "  Cosby Show " star in a routine . One video of Buress ' stand-up went viral . Since October , when Buress ' video was posted , more than 20 women have made or reiterated abuse claims against Cosby . Cosby himself has not directly addressed any of the accusations . His attorney , Martin D. Singer , has called the accusations "  ridiculous . " A concert with Bill Cosby : It 's complicated Buress , a star of "  Broad City " and "  The Eric Andre Show , " is currently on a comedy tour .	Hannibal Buress says he 's been threatened since his Bill Cosby routine went viral Buress told Jimmy Kimmel that one death threat came from "  bodybuilder-slash-stripper " It turned out that he and the other person had a mutual friend , he added
CNN  -- The redshirt freshman quarterback who led the University of Notre Dame to an undefeated regular season in 2012 and a berth in the national title game has been suspended for the fall semester for "  poor academic judgment , " Everett Golson said in a statement released by the school Sunday . Golson did not provide details on what led to his suspension , and Notre Dame declined to comment beyond confirming late Saturday that the former starting quarterback is no longer enrolled , citing "  federal law and our own policies . " "  I take full responsibility for my poor choices and will do all that is asked of me to regain the trust of my family , friends , teammates , coaches and the entire Notre Dame community , " Golson 's statement said . Golson , 20 , led the Fighting Irish to 10 straight victories to open his starting season in 2012 . The team 's undefeated season came to a crushing end when Alabama 's Crimson Tide defeated the Irish in a 42-14 rout in the BCS National Championship . The Irish last won a national championship in 1988 , beating West Virginia 34-21 . Golson , originally from Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , left open the possibility of a return in 2014 . "  At this point , I understand how my integrity could be in question but I want to reassure my supporters that through this experience I will return a better student athlete as well as a better individual , " he said , thanking the university for "  the opportunity going forth to regain my eligibility in the winter of 2014 . " News of the suspension comes during an embarrassing year for the university 's football program , which faced intense media scrutiny in January after reports surfaced that star linebacker Manti Te'o was the victim of an elaborate hoax involving a fake girlfriend .	Everett Golson led the team to an undefeated regular season in 2012 He has been suspended for the fall semester after making "  poor choices " The 20-year-old leaves open the possibility of returning in 2014
Washington  CNN  -- Federal health officials on Thursday are unveiling a $ 54 million national media campaign to get smokers to quit and prevent anyone else , especially children , from starting . The campaign , called "  Tips From Former Smokers , " is intended to educate Americans about the dangers of smoking through the stories and graphic pictures of ex-smokers who have suffered severe health consequences of tobacco use . The former smokers profiled have suffered ailments such as stroke-related paralysis , limb amputation , lung removal and heart attack . One breathes through a stoma , a surgically created hole in the neck through which a person who has undergone larynx or voice box surgery can breathe . "  Hundreds of thousands of lives are lost each year due to smoking , and for every person who dies , 20 more Americans live with an illness caused by smoking , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a statement . "  We can not afford to continue watching the human and economic toll from tobacco rob our communities of parents and grandparents , aunts and uncles , friends and co-workers . We are committed to doing everything we can to help smokers quit and prevent young people from starting in the first place . " The ads are the brainchild of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Office on Smoking and Health . The agency says smoking remains the country 's leading cause of disease and preventable death , resulting in more than 443,000 fatalities annually . More than 8 million Americans live with a smoking-related illness or conditions , according to the disease agency . The combination of public service announcements and paid advertising for television , radio , newspapers and magazines also spotlights the dangers of exposure to secondhand smoke . The ads will also be featured on billboards , in theaters and online -- including on Facebook , Twitter and YouTube . "  Although they may be tough to watch , the ads show real people living with real , painful consequences from smoking , " said CDC Director Thomas R. Frieden . "  There is sound evidence that supports the use of these types of hard-hitting images and messages to encourage smokers to quit , to keep children from ever beginning to smoke , and to drastically reduce the harm caused by tobacco . " See the CDC anti-smoking campaign print ad  PDF The campaign includes eight television ads  one of them in Spanish  , seven radio spots in 30 - and 60-second versions , seven print ads and five billboard and bus stop ads . The campaign marks the first time the CDC has run a paid , comprehensive national anti-tobacco advertising effort . The primary target is smokers ages 18 to 54 , but public health experts also said they hope it will dissuade children from adopting the habit . Last week the surgeon general released a report on youth smoking , leading Sebelius to declare : "  Targeted marketing encourages more young people to take up this deadly addiction every day . This administration is committed to doing everything we can to prevent our children from using tobacco . " The agency said , "  Targeted messages and images that portray smoking as an acceptable , appealing activity for young people are widespread , and advertising for tobacco products is prominent in retail stores and online . " The need for such a campaign is urgent , according to the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids . "  This media campaign is a smart investment that will reduce tobacco use , save lives and reduce tobacco-related health care costs , " Matthew L. Myers , president of the advocacy group . "  The tobacco industry spends more than $ 1 million every hour on marketing that entices kids , discourages smokers from quitting and portrays its deadly and addictive products as normal and appealing . The CDC 's campaign will counter the industry 's marketing with the harsh truth about tobacco use , told by former smokers themselves . " The CDC said the tobacco industry spends more than $ 27 million a day on marketing to kids and others -- about $ 10 billion a year . In two days , the industry spends about what the government has budgeted for the entire 12-week campaign . The industry denies that it markets to children . Tobacco giant Phillip Morris would not comment of the campaign , telling CNN : "  Philip Morris USA agrees smoking is addictive and causes serious disease . While we are not prepared to comment on CDC 's anti-smoking campaign , preventing underage tobacco use , discouraging smoking initiation and promoting quitting remain important to reducing the harm from cigarette smoking . A complementary strategy , focused on the development of and appropriate communications about potentially lower risk tobacco products , may be one of the most meaningful actions that the Food and Drug Administration can take to reduce the health effects of smoking . " Not in dispute is the deadly impact smoking can have on health . About a third of the smoking-related deaths in the United States are linked to heart disease , according to the American Heart Association . "  The ads highlight a shocking but very realistic fate that could await some current smokers if they continue their tobacco addiction , " said Nancy Brown , the association 's CEO . The ads note that smoking contributes to one in five strokes and increase the odds of having a heart attack . "  The American Heart Association believes these graphic ads , coupled with vigorous tobacco control at the state level , will reach not only the adults who smoke , but also will break through to teens and discourage them from ever taking up this deadly habit , " she said . The American Cancer Society says nine of 10 smokers started before they turned 18 . "  Combating tobacco use requires a multipronged approach , including federal regulation of tobacco products , increased tobacco taxes , smoke-free workplaces and sustained investment in prevention and cessation now and beyond the end of the CDC campaign , " said Christopher W. Hansen , president of the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network , in a statement . "  This historic advertising campaign will help to combat Big Tobacco 's unscrupulous efforts to addict new users and prevent existing users from trying to quit . " Featured reader comments : Should smokers be targeted ? The campaign begins less than a month after a federal mandate requiring tobacco companies to place graphic images on their products warning of the dangers of smoking was tossed out by a judge in Washington , who said the requirements were a violation of free speech . The Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act passed in 2009 would have required nine written warnings such as "  Cigarettes are addictive " and "  Tobacco smoke causes harm to children . " Also included would have been alternating images of a corpse and smoke-infected lungs . CNN 's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	Campaign intended to educate Americans about the smoking habit 's dangers CDC says Big Tobacco spends more than $ 27 million per day in marketing Ex-smokers profiled include amputee , heart patient
CNN  -- Here we go again . Just as in the 1980 's , some conservative moralists and pundits are trying to blame America 's current economic insecurity , joblessness and social inequality on the very people most victimized by these socioeconomic trends . Once again , they are telling us that people can make it if they just pull themselves up by their own bootstraps , keep their shoulders to the grindstone and cross their legs until marriage . A paper from the Heritage Foundation last week week recycles the 1992 election slogan that the best antidote to poverty is marriage . This theme was also sounded by Rick Santorum at the Republican National Convention , who claimed that the cure for poverty and economic insecurity is within anyone 's grasp : "  Graduate from high school , work hard and get married before you have children , " he exhorted his listeners to thunderous applause , "  and the chance you will ever be in poverty is just 2 % . " Seriously ? Have any of these pundits and politicians talked to any people who have lost their jobs in the past 15 years ? Graduating from high school is certainly a good idea , but it 's no longer much protection against poverty . In fact , 70 % of working-age adults who live in poverty do have high school diplomas , and many have even attended college , according to calculations prepared for a forthcoming paper by economist Shawn Fremstad , senior research associate at the Center for Economic and Policy Research . Over the past three years , indeed , Americans with some college under their belts have experienced sharper declines in income than any other group . Working hard is also good advice , but a majority of American families have seen their real wages stagnate or decline over the past 30 years , even as they increased their involvement in paid labor . By 2007 -- before the start of the recession -- the average employed 25 - to 29-year-old man with a high school degree made almost $ 4 less per hour  in constant dollars  than his counterpart in 1979 . And that 's if he could find work in the first place . The likelihood that such a man would experience a job loss , reduction in pay and benefits , or financial emergency he could not meet out of savings has increased threefold since the 1970s . In an era when two incomes are increasingly necessary to raise a family , getting married makes excellent economic sense for a woman who wants to have a child . But first she needs to find a man who can actually make a financial contribution to the marriage -- an increasingly difficult task , especially for working-class African-American women . University of Maryland sociologist Philip Cohen reports in his forthcoming book , "  The Family : Diversity , Inequality and Social Change , " that in big cities , there are often fewer than 50 single , employed black men for every 100 unmarried black women in the same age range , because of poor employment opportunities , high incarceration rates and disproportionate mortality rates . White working-class women , with or without high school degrees , also increasingly face a shortage of marriageable men . And they have good reason to approach marriage cautiously , even if they get pregnant , because economic insecurity is strongly associated with marital distress . This is one reason that high school graduates are twice as likely to divorce as more economically secure college graduates . Getting married and then divorcing often leaves a woman worse off than if she had remained single , with or without children , and had focused on improving her own earning power . It is true that single parenthood is associated with poverty , especially in the United States , where single mothers find it hard to work full time or further their education because they lack affordable child care . But nonmarriage is often a result of poverty and economic insecurity rather than a cause . Unemployment , low wages and poverty discourage family formation and erode family stability , making it less likely that individuals will marry in the first place and more likely that their marriages will dissolve . The claim that single motherhood is currently the biggest obstacle to success in America is particularly wrong-headed , because the claim is almost 30 years out of date . Rising rates of unwed motherhood did contribute to increases in the percentage of low-income and poverty-level families in America from 1975 to 1995 . But since then , the majority of the increase in family inequality has been because of growing economic insecurity in groups of people who have the same family structure . Almost 36 % of American 's impoverished children -- 5.9 million kids -- live with married parents . If we include low-income families -- people who are just one missed pay check , one illness or one divorce away from poverty -- the figure rises to nearly 50 % . Another claim being recycled in this campaign season -- that our social and economic ills come from people depending too much on government -- is equally divorced from reality . One of the biggest myths promulgated over the past two decades has been the insistence that government support systems inevitably perpetuate dependency . But history tells a different story . From the 1950s to the mid-1970s , the United States greatly increased government support systems for workers , expanding Social Security , enlarging the safety net and investing in school construction and infrastructure that created jobs for blue collar workers while improving housing and educational access for the middle class . The result ? More Americans were able to work their way into economic security and to invest in education and training that enabled their children to do even better . Over that period , the poverty rate was halved , falling from 22 % to 11 % . It is not the expansion but the erosion of government support and job creation over the past three decades , in combination with the decline of labor unions and employers ' benefits , that largely accounts for the setbacks American families are experiencing and for the decline in social mobility since the 1980s . Investing in living-wage jobs and reducing the inequities between local school districts would give young people more , not less , incentive to postpone childbearing and more possibilities for independence . And here 's one more thing to ponder for anyone truly interested in helping young people avoid early parenthood : Since the majority of unwed births , especially among youths , are unintended , government should also provide more widespread access to comprehensive sex education programs and contraception , not throw up barriers to such access . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephanie Coontz .	Stephanie Coontz : Chorus of conservatives says marriage , high school diploma fight poverty She says that misleads : 70 % in poverty have diploma ; there is a scarcity of breadwinning men She says divorce often leaves women worse off than if they 'd stayed single , pursued college Coontz : Historically , government investment in safety net , job creation , education cuts poverty
CNN  -- The chief executive of golf 's European Tour has dismissed reports the organization could be bought out by its American counterpart the PGA Tour . Reports claimed the U.S.-based PGA Tour wanted to take advantage of the current Eurozone financial crisis by launching a takeover of its European equivalent , which is based in England . "  The notion that the PGA Tour is somehow bidding to buy The European Tour is incorrect , " the European Tour 's chief operating officer Keith Waters said in a statement . "  The European Tour has collaborated with the PGA Tour and all other members of the International Federation of PGA Tours on many ventures since we worked together on the formation of the World Golf Championships in 1999 , " added Europe 's chief executive George O'Grady . "  This collaboration will continue . " The European Tour hosts well-established tournaments all over the world , including in the lucrative Asian market . An acquisition of the European Tour would help the PGA Tour tap into potentially money-spinning countries such as China . But O'Grady poured cold water on the rumors , reaffirming the European Tour 's commitment to hosting events across the globe . "  At this time when many of our leading members are also members of the PGA Tour it is vital that we continue to work together to ensure the progression of tournament golf throughout the world , " continued O'Grady . "  Over the past two weeks , 35 European Tour members played in the WGC Bridgestone Invitational while 58 competed in the US PGA Championship . "  We are delighted that our Members continue to fly the flag for the European Tour around the world , which not only gives them the opportunity to progress their individual careers but ourselves the chance to explore opportunities to our mutual benefit . " PGA Tour commissioner Tim Finchem also denied the reports , but did say collaboration between the two bodies could increase revenue for the sport . "  Certain news reports today have indicated that the PGA Tour has made an offer to acquire the European Tour , " he said in a statement . "  Those reports are inaccurate . "  However , as I have stated publicly on several occasions , the integration of professional golf can create additional value for our players , sponsors and fans . "  Such integration has been ongoing since 1994 , with the founding of the International Federation of PGA Tours , and has led to the establishment of the World Golf Championships in 1999 as well as the World Cup as a federation-sanctioned event . "  More recently , all the major golf bodies around the world worked together to bring golf back to the Olympic Games . " The European Tour , founded in 1972 , has recently seen top golfers like British duo Rory McIlroy and Lee Westwood head across the Atlantic to play on the more lucrative PGA Tour . The two tours jointly run the Ryder Cup , a biennial competition between the U.S. and Europe . Graeme McDowell , a member of three European Ryder Cup teams who plays on the PGA Tour , has spoken out against a takeover , saying it could damage the Ryder Cup . "  If PGA Tour bought  sic  European Tour things like Ryder Cup rivalry would be gone , " the 2010 PGA Championship winner said via his official Twitter account . "  Yes our top players play mostly PGA but maintain Euro identity . "	European Tour denies possible takeover by PGA Tour PGA Tour commissioner also dismisses talk of a bid for European Tour High-profile stars have recently left the European Tour to head to the U.S. The PGA Tour and European Tour jointly run the Ryder Cup
Washington  CNN  -- There will be plenty of legacy items by which to judge President Barack Obama . Obamacare , for instance : Whether the new law that seeks health insurance for every American is a prudent piece of policy or an albatross of government overreach is a matter of opinion . How about drawing down the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan ? What about his efforts to police suspected terrorists abroad through the use of deadly drone strikes ? None of these , in the long run , might be as important as his efforts to help the economy , which , ironically , has felt stronger just as Americans ' faith in Obama to steer it has dwindled . According to a Pew Research Center poll from November , just 31 % of Americans approve of the way he is handling the economy . By one measure , the Obama economy is almost back to par . If he 's lucky , the economy might be able to save his second term . "  It 's impossible to tell the future , " said Julian Zelizer , a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton who has written about presidents and their legacies for CNN . "  If the economy moves in a positive direction and in the next two years we are really out of the sluggish economy that he started his presidency with , people will value that . " What sort of value remains to be seen . The short-memory syndrome Certainly , handing off a good economy would help his long-term legacy . In the short term , there seems to be little appetite among Republicans on Capitol Hill for some of his legislative priorities like raising the minimum wage or passing an immigration reform bill . An emboldened president would enter those negotiations with a stronger hand . He 'd also have more power to sway budget negotiations that could affect future spending on social programs such as Medicare and Social Security . Stephen Weatherford , a political science professor at the University of California , Santa Barbara , said Americans have short memories . "  To a kind of ironic extent , if presidents come in facing big problems and they 're able to do something to solve those problems , people do n't evaluate them based on those problems , " he said . "  It becomes a kind of , ` What have you done for me lately ? ' problem , " said Weatherford , who thinks Obama 's domestic legacy will be focused squarely on the health care law . "  I think if the health care law is in place and works , he 'll be remembered really favorably , " said Weatherford , comparing the law to the Great Society social programs enacted by President Lyndon Johnson . The U.S. unemployment rate fell to 7 % in November . It 's an imperfect measure for the health of the economy . People long unemployed and who are n't looking for work are n't counted , for example . But that 's the lowest unemployment rate since Obama was first elected president , when the rate sat at 6.8 % . In hindsight , that 6.8 % figure from 2008 seems low , either because Americans at the time were used to much lower jobless rates or because in the time since then we 've become used to much higher rates . In 2008 , the economic ground was rumbling with talk of the potential for an economic apocalypse . The unemployment rate grew a full percentage point in the 2 1/2 months between his election that year and his inauguration in January 2009 , and it peaked a little less than a year into his presidency at 10 % in October 2009 . Now we call it the Great Recession , something much worse than your father 's recession but probably not quite as bad as your grandfather 's Great Depression . The U.S. government took an activist approach to saving the economy . It began pouring hundreds of billions of dollars into bailouts of the banking and auto industries in the final days of the Bush administration . The Federal Reserve was just beginning to pump trillions of dollars into the economy through a menu of bond-buying programs and artificially low interest rates . Taking an approach , running with it Obama took this activist approach and ran with it . He spent a good portion of his new political capital passing a nearly $ 800 billion stimulus program opposed by all but three Republicans in the Senate . The rollout of the stimulus , by the way , was beset by a flawed website and created a huge political headache as those hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars flooded into the economy -- the effect was not immediately felt by everyone and it was hard to quantify as it was spread across years . Even if the recovery is felt most prominently in the coming years , it could affect perception of those early programs , Zelizer said . "  If the last two years of the Obama presidency are filled with a possibility economy , it 's going to change the way we view the stimulus and his other economic programs , " he said . Temporary increases to food stamps authorized by the stimulus package only ran out at the beginning of November . Temporary increases in unemployment insurance are set to run out at the end of this year . The ultimate effect of billions spent on infrastructure had a short-term effect on jobs , but will also have long-term benefits . Continued growth will come with growing pains . Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke or his soon-to-be successor Janet Yellen are expected to taper off the Fed programs that have helped buoy the back end of the economy and kept interest rates down . The Congressional Budget Office guessed that the stimulus kept the unemployment rate 2 % lower than it otherwise would have been in 2010 . That means the country could have faced 12 % unemployment instead of 10 % at the height of the Great Recession , but we 'll never know for sure . What we do know is that the national debt skyrocketed as the federal government spent furiously to save the economy . The stimulus cost $ 830 billion , according to the CBO . Deficits have started to shrink as the economy has improved and Republicans in Congress have insisted on spending cuts . But the debt now stands at nearly $ 17 trillion . America 's Debt : CNN Money special section A Wall Street rally ; a widening divide But while the stock market has rallied during the Obama presidency -- the Dow Jones Industrial Average has nearly doubled during his time in office -- the divide between wealthy and struggling Americans has grown exponentially . Potentially rising interest rates and less help for the unemployed and the hungry as those stimulus programs run out could exacerbate the problem , which Obama has made clear will be a focus of his remaining time in office . "  I believe this is the defining challenge of our time : Making sure our economy works for every working American . It 's why I ran for President . It was at the center of last year 's campaign , " Obama told a liberal group during a speech in an economically depressed area of Washington , D.C. , on Wednesday . "  It drives everything I do in this office . And I know I 've raised this issue before , and some will ask why I raise the issue again right now . " He later added that he think the government should be spending money to invest in creating opportunities for Americans . "  A relentlessly growing deficit of opportunity is a bigger threat to our future than our rapidly shrinking fiscal deficit , " he said . After his re-election , Obama extended Bush-era tax cuts for all but the wealthiest Americans , making good on his campaign effort to make them pay a little more in the coming years . The economy for years has been the issue that Americans want politicians to fix . More than health care or the Iraq war , the economy dominated the 2008 election â $ " 55 % of voters said it was the most important problem facing the country . Four years later , when Obama was re-elected , the economy and unemployment split the top spot . Perhaps one sign of an improved economy is that a different poll , conducted by Gallup in October , found that the economy is no longer the top concern of Americans . Now it is "  government dysfunction . " Two academics wrote recently that Democratic presidents seem to preside over generally better economies than Republicans . But there 's no evidence that their policies are the reason . That means it 's perhaps not fair to give presidents credit when the economy improves or blame them when it goes bad . "  It 's never fair , " Zelizer said . "  Presidents do n't have total control of the economy . They ca n't even control Congress . But fair or not , that 's what happens . "	The Obama legacy likely will include many elements One will be the economy It might even be THE one in the long-term of history
CNN  -- Days of heavy rain have led to flooding in southwestern England and parts of Wales and at least one fatality , British authorities said Sunday . The UK Environment Agency posted a severe flood alert for the town of Helston , in the southwestern county of Cornwall , where the River Cober was rising over its banks , and warned towns across England and Wales to prepare for more high water . In Exeter , in neighboring Devon , a woman was killed when a tree fell on her Saturday night , the Devon and Cornwall Police Service reported . The Environment Agency said more than 800 properties have flooded since Wednesday . And the Met Office , the UK 's national weather service , said more rain is forecast for the area -- but the wettest weather will be in the north . "  We can expect between 30 and 40 millimeters  1 1/4 to 1 1/2 inches  of rain falling in many areas and up to 70 millimeters  2 3/4 inches  of rain in parts of northeast England , continuing the risk of further flooding and travel disruption , " forecaster Eddy Carroll said in a news release . On Twitter , Prime Minister David Cameron called the scenes of flooding "  shocking " and said his government would make sure "  everything is being done to help . " The region has seen four days of non-stop rainfall that has capped months of heavy precipitation , including the wettest April-June period on record . More than 225 areas stretching from Cornwall through the Midlands region to the northeastern coast were under flood warnings Sunday afternoon as the latest system moved through , the Environment Agency said . Officials warned residents to use the daylight to prepare for more flooding Sunday and into the early hours of Monday . CNN 's Susannah Palk and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : More rain , flooding forecast for Sunday Flood alerts posted across England and Wales after days of rain A falling tree kills a woman in southwestern England Cameron pledges help for the stricken region
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Arctic temperatures are not enough to cool pro-Western demonstrators ' anger at Ukraine 's pro-Russian president . Thousands of them refused to budge from Kiev 's snow-covered streets , while the European Union 's top diplomat made her way there to try to thaw the tensions . Security forces in riot gear tried to herd demonstrators away from government buildings but avoided a hard-nosed crackdown . That could be the result of pressure the West has put on President Viktor Yanukovych in the past two days . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden called Yanukovych on Monday to urge him to talk with the opposition and avoid violence . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso phoned on Sunday , as did U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who asked Yanukovych not to use brute force against protesters . A tense standoff appeared in the making early Wednesday as riot police gathered around Independence Square , where orange-hatted protesters have set up camp . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton traveled to Kiev on Tuesday , where she held a "  substantial " meeting with Yanukovych and discussed "  all relevant issues , " her press service said on Twitter . She also met with opposition leaders . At a roundtable meeting with three former presidents of Ukraine , broadcast on state TV , Yanukovych said both police and protesters were responsible for violence that flared during a protest 10 days ago . He said he had asked the country 's prosecutor general to find a way to free detained protesters who had not committed serious offenses . Civil disobedience The protests started as a beef between Ukrainians keen to move closer to the West and their Russian-allied president over his refusal to sign an agreement that would strengthen cooperation with the European Union . But then baton-wielding officers triggered sympathy for battered protesters , causing more people to join the demonstrators ' ranks in Independence Square and pack inner-city avenues with a show of civil disobedience . It became reminiscent of the uprising that swept Yanukovych out of office nine years ago during the Orange Revolution , when he was prime minister . The tensions between those who yearn to reap the benefits of an alliance with the West and those who want to stick close to Moscow are longstanding and would seem to be almost irreconcilable . They split the nation geographically between its western regions , where resentment of past Russian domination is higher , and its East , which was settled by Russians centuries ago . Russians make up Ukraine 's largest ethnic minority group , and Russian is widely spoken across the country . Speaking at the roundtable , Yanukovych said he wants to keep good relations with both Europe and Russia , adding that Ukraine needs to protect its own interests . "  I am strongly against opposing relations with Europe in favor of relations with Russia and vice versa . We need to find a way to reunite , " he said . Opposition parties said they had not been invited to take part in the roundtable . Masked raid Monday was tense , as police broke down barricades that protesters had erected after progressing to the presidential administration building . Security forces pushed them back toward Independence Square . Minor scuffles broke out , injuring 10 demonstrators , according to one opposition party . Two police officers were injured , state media reported . Masked men ransacked the opposition party 's headquarters in a raid , party leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk said . The men , whom he accused of being special forces officers , destroyed the party 's server room , Yatsenyuk said . "  Equipment was destroyed , dragged out , across the entire premise of the Batkivshchnya Political Party headquarters , " he said . Police denied involvement in the raid . At the same time , Yanukovych appeared to offer an olive branch . An announcement on his website said he would back a call for talks with his opponents to work out a compromise . Celebs , burning tires Faced with temperatures near zero Fahrenheit , the protesters burned tires and sipped hot soup and tea to stay warm . Some played soccer or strummed guitars as they camped out in tents . The crowds often swell in the evenings as people leave work and join the rallies . Former heavyweight boxing champion Ukrainian Vitali Klitschko , who is famous throughout Europe , is also an opposition leader . He chatted with riot police , urging them to stay calm and "  not break the law " should they be ordered to remove protesters . "  None of us has either guns nor other objects ; this is a peaceful protest , " he said . East vs. West Yanukovych 's refusal to sign the EU deal represents a U-turn in the country 's advance toward closer relations with the West . An EU agreement would have opened borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion , protesters say . They accuse Yanukovych of preparing to take the country into a Moscow-led customs union . Moscow has leverage that may have affected Yanukovych 's decision to backpedal on the EU talks . Russia supplies Ukraine with natural gas , which is essential to keep people from freezing in the country 's brutal winters . Moscow can increase Ukraine 's energy bills and impose other trade sanctions . The EU is also pressuring Yanukovych to free his chief political opponent , Yulia Tymoshenko , who has languished in jail for two years after being convicted of abuse of power in 2011 . The verdict was decried by the EU and other critics as a sham . The Orange Revolution that swept Yanukovych from office in 2004 also brought the pro-Western Tymoshenko to power . Many of the protesters have carried her picture in Independence Square during the rallies . Journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev and CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian reported and wrote from London . CNN 's Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report . CNN 's Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this report .	EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton meets with Ukraine 's president , opposition Viktor Yanukovych says both police and protesters are to blame for violence President says he wants good relations with both Russia and Europe Masked men raid opposition party 's headquarters , its leader says
CNN  -- Students at Ohio 's Chardon High School prepared to head back to class Friday for the first time since a gunman walked into the school 's cafeteria and killed three teenagers . Two other students were hospitalized and another was grazed by gunfire Monday morning . The person who authorities say is responsible , 17-year-old T.J. Lane , was charged Thursday afternoon with three counts of aggravated murder , two of attempted aggravated murder and one of felonious assault , the latter related to an individual who was "  nicked in the ear " by a bullet , according to Geauga County Prosecuting Attorney David Joyce . Some students were with their parents in the school , situated in a community of about 5,100 people some 30 miles east of Cleveland , on Thursday and counseling has been made available at various locales since the shooting . "  I watched families walk through the school holding hands , I watched people helping each other come back into the school , " said Geauga County Sheriff Dan McClelland of the scene inside the school Thursday . "  It was an incredible spirit of Chardon . I 'll never forget that . This is why we live here . " Friday marks the first full school day since the incident , a return that administrators and staff touted as key to helping people through the healing process . School superintendent Joseph Bergant said that staff spent two days working on the transition , expressing confidence that they 'll be ready to provide comfort and support to those still trying to make sense of this week 's carnage . Frank Hall , an assistant football coach and study hall teacher who chased the gunman from the school , said Thursday it was important that students and staff return -- if for no other reason than to show that "  show that terror and evil do not win out . " Coach deflects "  hero " label "  I 'm here to tell you that tomorrow our schools will be open , our teachers will be there , our administration will be there , our parents and community , but more important our children will be there , " said Hall . Meanwhile , the legal process continues . Joyce , the prosecuting attorney , filed charges against Lane around 3:40 p.m. Thursday in juvenile court . After the defendant 's next court appearance next Tuesday , a March 19 hearing is scheduled that is tied to a motion to transfer his case to an adult court . The murder charges state that the teenager "  purposely and with prior calculation and design " fatally shot three people while at Chardon High . The prosecutor has said that the sophomore confessed that he took a .22 - caliber gun and a knife into the school Monday morning and fired 10 rounds as frightened students and some teachers ran for cover . By the time the bloodshed ended , three were killed : Daniel Parmertor , 16 , who died Monday ; Demetrius Hewlin , 16 , who died Tuesday morning ; and Russell King Jr. , 17 , who was declared brain dead Tuesday . This is not Lane 's first brush with the law , according to juvenile records released by authorities this week . When he was 15 , Lane was charged with juvenile assault for putting his uncle in a choke hold and punching him in the face , according to an incident report from the Geauga County Sheriff 's Office . The report stated that Lane 's aunt called 911 in December 2009 to report the boy and his uncle "  were physically fighting " -- and , at one point , the teen teamed up with his then 16-year-old brother , who himself was later charged with simple assault . Two sheriff 's deputies arrived to find the uncle "  bleeding from the mouth and ... on the kitchen floor . " Lane pleaded "  true , " the equivalent of guilty , to lesser charges of disorderly conduct . He was sentenced to up to 30 days in a detention center , fined and ordered to complete 24 hours of community service , according to court documents . At the time , Lane was in his grandparents ' custody , according to the complaint . Lane 's driver 's license was recently suspended for two and a half months after he was ticketed for "  failure to control " a vehicle . The license was reinstated in early February upon his completion of a mandatory driver improvement program , records show . Lane 's friends have said that the teen had a troubled childhood . His parents had both been charged with domestic violence against each other , according to court documents . His father also served prison time for assaulting a police officer and was charged with holding a different woman under running water and bashing her head into a wall . "  I think there 's a lot of kids that go through things like that . That does n't give them the right to kill other people , " said Bob Parmertor , Daniel Parmertor 's grandfather . "  There are five families , including ours , that have been affected by this . No one has the right to shoot other people because they 've had a rough life . " At an earlier news conference Thursday , relatives of two of the slain children described what the boys were like . "  My brother was the happiest kid on the planet , " Dominic Parmertor said of Daniel . "  He never got mad at anybody . He just loved to have fun . And when he was happy , other people were happy . " "  He would never do anything bad to anybody , " Dominic Parmertor added . "  He was going to change the world . He was an amazing individual . " Phyllis Ferguson , mother of Demetrius Hewlin , said her son donated his organs . His death was "  not in vain , " she said . "  For his one life , he gets to change eight lives . " She described her son as a "  computer nerd " and "  health nut " who loved football and worked out regularly . "  Most of all , I 'm gon na miss his hugs and kisses , " she said . Ferguson had a message for parents : "  No matter what you 're going through ... you grab your children , you kiss them and tell them you love them . " Ferguson said she did n't do that on Monday , because Demetrius was running late . Both Daniel and Demetrius were shot in the head , their relatives said . The mother of one of the wounded children spoke as well . Holly Walczak 's son Nick was wounded in his arm , neck and back , "  which created a spinal shock , " she said , adding that he is in serious condition but doctors are optimistic for his recovery . If a teacher had not pulled him to a safer place , it is likely Nick would have died as well , she said . Ron Parmertor , Daniel 's uncle , called on young people to watch out for potential signs on social media that someone they know maybe troubled . If something posted on a social network "  does n't look right , tell your mom and dad , tell the police , tell a counselor , tell a neighbor , tell a friend . Just tell somebody , " he said . And , he added , to anyone who is having trouble dealing with the tragedy : "  Please talk to somebody . " CNN 's Laura Dolan , Martin Savidge , Josh Levs and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	NEW : A coach who chased shooter says resuming class shows "  evil  will  not win out " NEW : Staff have prepared for two days for students ' return , the superintendent says Three students died in the Monday shooting attack in Chardon , Ohio T.J. Lane was charged Thursday with three counts of aggravated murder
The Frisky  -- Thanksgiving is one of those great holidays that are less about commercialism and more about togetherness  and food , of course  . Unfortunately , all that togetherness can be a little stressful for couples -- especially if it includes a hectic travel schedule and/or time with one or both sets of families . So , after the jump , eight tips for surviving the holiday as a couple . 1 . If you 're hosting Thanksgiving , make sure to share the work load . Whether you 're hosting your friends or your families or a combination of both , the key to survival is to help each other with all the tasks at hand . That may mean splitting the duties  one of you cleans while the other one cooks  , or working together to get everything on the to-do list done . This is a wonderful opportunity to support one another and work toward a common goal together . Plus , entertaining can be fun -- especially if you do it with someone you love , so enjoy the day and do n't get too caught up in the idea of being "  perfect . " 2 . If you 're traveling , make a joint playlist for the road . Holiday travel is stressful enough and if there 's family on the other end of your trip , you 're likely feeling even more pressure than usual . So keep things a little lighter by spending an hour or so before your travel day making a joint playlist you can listen to together en route . Choose songs you both love or have special meaning to you as a couple to help you reconnect during your weekend away  or help you think of each other if you have to spend the holiday apart  . The Frisky : 10 tips for throwing a family-free , friends-only Thanksgiving 3 . Make time for just the two of you . If you 're hosting friends or family or going away for the whole weekend , it 's imperative that you squeeze in some solo time with your partner . If you 're lucky enough to share a room , retire to bed a little earlier than normal or stay in bed just a little later to relish a few extra moments of alone time . Try to get out for a walk around the neighborhood , or pull your boyfriend away from the rest of the family and show him a childhood photo album . The point is to reconnect at some point during each day so you can check in with one another and you wo n't feel like strangers when the weekend 's over and it 's just the two of you again . The Frisky : The American Music Awards : the good , the bad , and the boring 4 . If you 're meeting new family , debrief each other on names , relationships , and topics to avoid . Thanksgiving is a time for a lot of new couples to meet each other 's extended families for the first time . If you have a crazy Uncle Phil who 's sometimes medicated and sometimes not , warn your girlfriend about him before you throw her into the fray . Likewise , if cousin Sue just got canned or Aunt Irene 's cheatin ' husband just dumped her or twins Larry and Carrie ca n't stand each other anymore , let your boyfriend know about these dynamics so he 's not caught off-guard or with his foot in his mouth . The Frisky : The 10 most common non-negotiables 5 . Start a holiday tradition you both enjoy . It can be anything -- asking your guests to bring a favorite family dish , playing charades after dinner , watching the National Dog Show , volunteering at a soup kitchen -- but incorporating at least one activity you both really enjoy and declaring it a new tradition will help you feel connected and give you something to look forward to as a couple each year . The Frisky : 10 celebs who say they "  ca n't meet people " 6 . Get your heart rates up . Thanksgiving is all about food and you 're going to be stuffing your faces with a lot of it , so make sure you engage in some physical activity to burn off some of those calories -- and stress ! -- and to help keep each other from sliding off the exercise wagon during the holiday weekend . A walk before or after dinner is always a good idea . The Frisky : The 10 ugliest Prince William and Kate Middleton products for sale 7 . Compromise , compromise , compromise . Whether you have invites to more than one Thanksgiving get-together , you live close enough to see both sets of families , or you have to choose which family or set of friends to spend time with this year , the key to avoiding a fight and hurt feelings is to compromise . If you can only see one set of family , decide to see the other set  or sets , if you 're children of divorced families  for Christmas or New Year 's or Thanksgiving next year . If everyone lives close enough that you can see more than one set of family  or friends  this holiday , have lunch at one place and dinner at another , or the entreé at one home and dessert at the other . People understand -- or they should , anyway -- if you have double the social obligations and ca n't spend the entire day and evening at one place . The Frisky : Can ex-lovers be roomies ? 8 . Thank each other . This is Thanksgiving , after all , so do n't forget to show your appreciation for your one and only . Whether you 're grateful he 's coming home with you to meet your family or you 're thankful she 's putting up with all the football on TV , tell your significant other often how much you appreciate him or her this Thanksgiving . It 's one of those things people really ca n't hear enough . Especially when they 're stuck between feuding Larry and Carrie at the dinner table ... The Frisky : How my Thanksgiving was shattered TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Make sure to share the work load with your significant other during Thanksgiving Debrief each other on new family members and friends who may be attending your dinner Compromising and thanking each other can help a couple get along during stressful times
CNN  -- Now that it 's almost over , let 's remember how the whole thing started . "  Breaking Bad " is the story of a high school chemistry teacher who found out he had lung cancer . Not that there 's ever a good time for this news , but for this guy , the timing could n't have been worse : A pregnant wife , a handicapped son and financial circumstances so dire  did I mention he was a public high school teacher ?  that his wife and children will be impoverished when he dies . So he did exactly what you or I would do under the circumstances : Get into the burgeoning market for crystal methamphetamine . Among the many things you wonder : What kind of country , especially one as supposedly civilized and technologically advanced as this , would put any of its citizens in such a predicament ? And there are duly elected representatives still willing to put this country 's government into a coma until they force repeal of the relatively meager measures enacted into law to widen its citizens ' access to health care . Granted this teacher 's situation is that of an imaginary character , a sad little man who becomes enlarged by the kind of situational barbarism that can rationalize anything . But long before Obamacare became a buzzword , every American could recognize this fellow 's desperate cornering as something that could happen to her or him . Ah , but imagine a more libertarian sensibility making this case . While dealing crystal meth is a very bad thing , the fact that this poor sap could use his resources as a chemist to secure enough money for treatment only proves that you do n't need any government-subsidized medical care . And if the casualties of this shake-and-bake encompass dead law enforcement officers , garroted convicts , innocent passengers and crews on two commercial jets along with thousands of hapless addicts on two continents , well , these are what we call the breaks . And anyway , there are many ways for an American to exert initiative , to figure his own way out of such dilemmas that do n't involve violent death and self-destruction . At least , not necessarily . Which , as everyone who 's paid close attention of "  Breaking Bad " will tell you , sounds exactly like something Walter White would say . No matter where you stand on health care -- or on anything else -- "  Breaking Bad " has been able to make the ground beneath your feet softer and shakier than you think . Not since "  The Sopranos "  to my mind , its one true peer in this golden age for cable television series  has there been a TV drama that watches us as intensely -- and almost as balefully -- as we watch it . Remember how we were pulled every which way on how to feel about the psychologically wounded Tony Soprano 's struggle to reconcile being both a dedicated family man and ruthless criminal entrepreneur in the thick of the turn-of-the-century economic boom ? So are we now torn between pity and scorn for the morally crippled Walter White 's fumbling and now crumbling attempts to keep everybody close to him alive , well and happy in the midst of his sordid machinations ? Is his dismal negotiation of narrowing options a hint of what the "  New Normal " has in store for us ? Maybe , maybe not . Such a question would never occur to us if we were watching a television crime show 50 , 40 , even 30 years ago when "  Hill Street Blues " assumed credit for introducing black comedy and moral ambiguity to police melodrama . "  Breaking Bad " has never overtly claimed to explain the way we live now . The finest works of art and literature never have to . They only connect . When we watch Bryan Cranston  whom I 've been proclaiming our greatest living actor since roughly the second of this show 's five seasons  inhabit the rotting soul of Walter White as he keeps trying to explain away everything , we are both riveted and appalled by his cluelessness , his monstrousness and his plausibility . Whether it 's passively watching a junkie choking to death on her own vomit , engineering a nursing home 's explosion to eliminate a threat to his survival or manipulating his partner Jesse  Aaron Paul , who will someday revive the heroic private detective genre by himself  away from suspecting him of attempted child murder , Walt is able to explain away all of it , to convince himself , if no one else  the viewers least of all  , that he 's doing it all to make the best out of a bad situation . Call this impulse what you want , making excuses or , better still , total denial . Denial is Walt 's true addiction . More than the "  crystal blue persuasion " Walt 's been cooking or the ricin he threatens to use , denial is the toxic , satanic brew permeating "  Breaking Bad 's " narrative . Deniers are worse than explainers when they facilitate or validate gruesome activities . And yet , there have been times in the five-season run of Breaking Bad when a small part of us rooted for Walt to make the best of things somehow , even in his own twisted fashion , as though we could n't quite believe or accept that anyone in his situation would submit to an alter ego as forbidding and deadly as Heisenberg the Meth King . From a safe distance , we judge him as we would any sociopath . But that 's too easy given what a complicated mess he is . And it 's the seeming normality of Walter White that makes us interrogate ourselves more than he interrogates himself . The honest , overpowering question : How much of this jerk 's disease is carried in us ? How much are we willing to pass by or let go just to make the best of our generally imperfect lives ? I like to think I would n't go anywhere near Walt 's dark side -- and I 'm sure most of "  Breaking Bad 's " audience feels the same way . But just as Tony Soprano became our perverse surrogate in lunging for the goodies of the boom years , Walter White is the dreaded specter of the bust era , making one terrible choice after another as the legacy of dead bodies and dread excuses slowly close in on him for what promises to be a shattering revelation . No wonder we ca n't wait to see how it all comes out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : "  Breaking Bad 's " focus on an anti-hero challenges viewers ' normal stances He says we are torn between pity and scorn for the main character , played by Bryan Cranston Seymour : Walter White is the dreaded specter of our era , making one bad choice after another
