CNN  Rancho Valencia Resort & Spa took the top U.S. spot in U.S. News & World Report 's fifth annual "  Best Hotels of 2015 " list . The first-place Rancho Santa Fe , California , resort was followed by the Lodge at Sea Island in Georgia in second place ; the Inn at Palmetto Bluff in South Carolina  third place  ; The Allison Inn & Spa in Oregon  fourth place  ; and Four Seasons Hotel Seattle in Washington  fifth place  . The magazine 's annual rankings list more than 2,500 hotels across the United States , Caribbean , Mexico and Canada . "  We 're taking the guesswork out of finding a great hotel , " said Erin Shields , travel editor for U.S. News , in a press statement . "  The Best Hotels of 2015 represent the top properties recognized by experts . " California also took the top spot with the most ranked hotels in the United States , while New York City had the highest concentration of ranked hotels among U.S. cities . The rest of the top hotels in the United States are The Langham , Chicago ; The Grand Del Mar in California , The Canyon Suites at The Phoenician in Arizona ; Four Seasons Hotel Chicago ; and The Jefferson in Washington , D.C. Of the bottom half of the top 10 , all of the hotels except the Grand Del Mar are new to the list . The best hotel in the Caribbean is Eden Roc at Cap Cana in Punta Cana , Dominican Republic ; Mexico 's top hotel is Las Ventanas al Paraiso ; and the Ritz-Carlton , Montreal , is the top Canadian hotel . The U.S. News Best Hotels rankings are developed using the company 's methodology , which combines expert and guest reviews , industry awards and other ratings . 1 . Rancho Valencia Resort & Spa , California 2 . The Lodge at Sea Island , Georgia 3 . The Inn at Palmetto Bluff , a Montage Resort , South Carolina 4 . The Allison Inn & Spa , Oregon 5 . Four Seasons Hotel Seattle 6 . The Langham , Chicago 7 . The Grand Del Mar , California 8 . The Canyon Suites at The Phoenician , Arizona 9 . Four Seasons Hotel Chicago 10 . The Jefferson , Washington , D.C.	California hotel tops the best U.S. hotel list Four of the top 10 U.S. hotels are new to the list
CNN  -- A grassroots group is pushing to have the sites of two levee breaches during Hurricane Katrina placed on the National Register of Historic Places . The group 's founder said Thursday that the mission is to change the belief that the storm caused the flooding in New Orleans after Katrina struck in 2005 , killing hundreds across six states , with a majority of fatalities in Louisiana . "  It was engineering failure , " said Sandy Rosenthal , who also serves as the director of the group , Levees.org . The two nominated sites , which caused most of the flooding in New Orleans , are the 17th Street Canal and the Industrial Canal near the Lower 9th Ward , which is owned by the corps . Levees.org filed a nomination in August requesting the two sites be designated as national historic sites . The New Orleans Army Corps of Engineers said it 's following the nomination process , but is concerned about the impact it will have on future levee lifts . "  There is no need to worry ... we are not nominating the levees and floodwalls , we are nominating the site , " Rosenthal said . Many state and local officials support the initiative to have the sites recognized , including Mayor Mitch Landrieu 's office and the city of New Orleans . The 39-page application was reviewed by a state preservation panel on November 17 , where it was struck down 6-3 . The Corps ' federal preservation officer has 60 days from the date the office receives the nomination for review . According to the corps , they have the ability to approve , request additional information or make changes . The state office of historic preservation , which is under the jurisdiction of the lieutenant governor 's office , will work with Levees.org to address concerns by the corps preservation officer and rework the application if necessary . It is unknown whether the corps federal reservation officer has received the application , according to Jacques Berry , spokesman for the lieutenant governor 's office . Once the corps preservation officer gets the application , a response is due in 60 days . The National Park Service will make the final decision if the corps and Levees.org agree on the eligibility and the supporting documents for the nomination . The National Register of Historic Places was established in 1966 to recognize places worthy of preservation nationwide .	The two nominated sites caused most of the flooding in New Orleans Many state and local officials support the initiative to have the sites recognized The National Register of Historic Places recognize places worthy of preservation
CNN  -- When Angelina Jolie revealed she 'd had a double mastectomy , she probably had a pretty good idea that her bravery would empower other women to tell their breast cancer stories . What she did n't know was that one of these women co-anchors a national morning news show . On May 14 , when Zoraida Sambolin walked into work and heard Jolie 's news , she realized this was the right time to tell viewers that five weeks before , she 'd been diagnosed with breast cancer and had decided to have a double mastectomy . "  Angelina Jolie chose to bear her soul in writing and I chose to follow her lead in front of all our viewers Tuesday , " she later wrote in an article on CNN.com . "  I am not yet on the other side , but judging by all the e-mails I 've received from survivors , I am headed to a place that is stronger , wiser and definitely more empowered . " Sambolin , co-host of CNN 's "  Early Start , " is grateful for all the love and support she 's received from CNN 's viewers and readers . Many asked questions about their own health or the health of someone they love . Sambolin asked me to help answer these questions . I 'm worried I might have breast cancer . What are the signs ? Breastcancer.org , the National Breast Cancer Foundation and the Mayo Clinic explain the signs and symptoms of breast cancer . Angelina Jolie got a test to see if she carried a faulty breast cancer gene . Should I get that test ? Read this Empowered Patient column and this CNN article by Dr. Susan Domchek to help you decide . CNN 's iReporters have weighed in with their own decisions about breast cancer genetic testing , and this CNNMoney article discusses whether your insurance will cover genetic testing . Like Angelina Jolie , I carry a faulty gene for breast cancer . Should I also get a double mastectomy ? Dr. Aaron Carroll writes on CNN.com about the risks and benefits of Jolie 's choice . For another woman 's perspective , read Allison Gilbert 's moving article on CNN.com . My doctor thinks I might have breast cancer . What tests will she use to find out ? Susan G. Komen for the Cure and the American Cancer Society explain the tests doctors use to diagnose breast cancer . I 've had a biopsy and read my pathology report , but I do n't understand it . Can you help ? Breastcancer.org breaks down the information in a pathology report . I was just diagnosed with breast cancer . What 's my next step ? My Breast Cancer Coach and Susan G. Komen can walk you through this new world you 've entered . I thought breast cancer was breast cancer . Now I 'm learning I have a certain type of breast cancer . Help -- I 'm confused . The Mayo Clinic explains the different types of breast cancer . Sambolin has breast cancer and decided to get a double mastectomy . Actress Christina Applegate made that same choice . I have breast cancer -- should I get a mastectomy ? There are a lot of treatment options for breast cancer , and it 's not always easy to decide which is best for you . Komen , the American Cancer Society , and the National Breast Cancer Foundation all have treatment guides . If I get a mastectomy , how will surgeons give me new breasts ? This CNN.com article explains breast cancer reconstruction options . Should I get involved in a breast cancer study ? The American Cancer Society has some guidance . My cancer is n't going away . What should I do ? The American Cancer Society has this advice for what to do if breast cancer does n't go away or if it returns . I 'd like to connect with other women with breast cancer . Where can I find them ? There are many forums and online communities for women who have breast cancer , such as Previvors and Survivors , the Association of Cancer Online Resources , and Breastcancer.org .	Angelina Jolie revealed this week she 's had a double mastectomy CNN anchor Zoraida Sambolin also revealed she has breast cancer Sambolin has been asked questions by CNN viewers about breast cancer
Doha , Qatar  CNN  -- When the CEO of a major international airline says that half of the passengers on his planes are "  uncomfortable , " you might think the carrier in question had a major PR disaster on its hands . But what Alexandre de Juniac , CEO of Air France-KLM apparently meant by "  uncomfortable " was more of the Gallic , philosophical variety ; that people are just unsettled when they sit on his planes and not even an extra few inches of legroom can placate their metaphysical disquiet . "  If I give them more space , they will probably be happier , but it will not change their uncomfortable feeling because they are not comfortable in the air , " he said , talking to CNN 's Richard Quest at the recent International Air Transport Association  IATA  AGM in Doha , Qatar . Many flying economy class on any airline however might think de Juniac is spot on ; that flying is just an uncomfortable , cramped experience and the worst part of travel today . That sentiment is borne out in some recent research by U.S. PR firm Ketchum . It ranked the public reputation of the airline industry in the United States as only just above banking , the government and the tobacco business in terms of positivity : 42 % of people had a negative view of airlines , while 61 % had a positive perception of the travel and tourism business . In the hyper-competitive world of airlines , some have better reputations than others , be that through the power of the brand or genuine , good customer experiences . For Air New Zealand -- a company that has helped to boost its image by using hobbits and cabin crew in body paint in its in-flight safety videos -- passengers can not be thought of enough by airlines . "  The industry is not customer-focused , we 're too fixated on operations , " said Christopher Luxon the airline 's CEO . "  We do have things to mitigate long-haul travel , like our skycouches , but we do have  as an industry  a pretty low innovation rate . " Many of the in-flight innovations are of the variety that make headlines and feed into the aspirational nature of flying , such as new first class cabins . But these are a long way from what the majority of fliers will experience . And for de Juniac the experience is key and currently lacking . From the moment a ticket is booked on a website all the way through to the moment the passenger arrives at their destination , it needs to be improved , he believes -- even if some things are out of an airline 's control , such as long immigration queues and poorly equipped airports . "  The experience of travel is from ` home to home , ' " he said . "  We  as an industry  need to do better . " However some question whether or not the industry as a whole needs to do better to collectively to boost its image . "  The reputation of airlines in America are particularly bad , but elsewhere in the world it 's seen as pretty good because it is still aspirational to fly , " said Rowena Olegario , senior research fellow at Oxford University . She also noted how hard it could be for many airlines and those in the aviation business to rally together to boost the idea of flying if many within it lament the experience themselves . "  They  should be the champions of the industry but what I 've been struck by  while at the IATA AGM  was how they complain about flying , " said Olegario . In that respect , there is at least some egalite between those squashed in economy class and some of those who sit towards the front of the planes running the airlines .	Airlines only just more popular than banks , says survey Industry figures admit airlines must do more to create better travel experience "  The industry is not customer focused , " says Air New Zealand CEO
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Three men charged with sexually exploiting Cambodian children are being brought back to the United States to face prosecution , the Justice Department announced Monday . The men are among the first charged under an international law enforcement initiative specifically targeting Americans traveling to Cambodia for the purpose of sexually abusing children . The initiative , Operation Twisted Traveler , is an effort by the Justice Department and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to crack down on sex tourism . "  The men charged in this investigation apparently thought they could pursue their abhorrent desires by leaving the United States to prey on children in another country , but they were sadly mistaken , " U.S. Attorney Thomas P. O'Brien said in a statement . "  We are now working closer than ever with officials in other nations and concerned private parties to take every effort we can to identify and prosecute sex tourists , as well as to provide every protection we can to the world 's children . " Ronald Boyajian , 49 , Erik Peeters , 41 , and Jack Sporich , 75 , are each charged with international travel and engaging in sexual contact with minors , a charge carrying a maximum prison sentence of 30 years , according to the Justice Department . They are slated to make their first appearances in federal court on Tuesday , the Justice Department indicated in a news release . The defendants are charged with international travel and engaging in sexual contact with minors , a charge carrying a maximum prison sentence of 30 years for each of their alleged victims , according to the department . They are charged under the federal Protect Act , enacted six years ago to strengthen federal laws relating to predatory crimes against children outside U.S. borders , the department added . The three defendants were apprehended , according to Immigration and Customs officials , as a result of information provided by the human rights organization International Justice Mission and the group Action Pour les Enfants , which combats child exploitation . All three men have been previously convicted of sex offenses in the United States , the Justice Department noted in its statement . "  These types of cases are disturbing not only because young , defenseless children were victimized in unspeakable ways but also because the defendants went to such lengths to engage in their dark activities overseas , " O'Brien said at a news conference . He highlighted the case against Peeters , who was convicted on child molestation charges in 1990 . "  Our case against Mr. Peeters outlines evidence of him allegedly molesting Cambodian boys , paying them small amounts of money -- $ 5 to $ 10 -- and possibly taking digital pictures of his young victims while they were naked , " O'Brien noted . He said Peeters molested at least three boys in Cambodia over the course of several months . One of the boys was 12 years old when the abuse is said to have started . Boyajian is said to have "  engaged in sexual activity with a 10-year-old Vietnamese girl in an area outside Phnom Penh frequented by child sex tourists known as ` Kilo 11 , ' " the Justice Department statement said . Sporich , according to Action Pour les Enfants investigators cited in the government 's criminal complaint , repeatedly hosted three Cambodian boys at a residence outside the city of Siem Reap . The complaint states that Sporich "  was known to drive his motor bike through the neighborhoods while dropping Cambodian  money  on the street in order to meet kids . " The new charges "  clearly demonstrate to the Cambodian people that the United States will not tolerate this type of abuse , " said Carol Rodley , the American ambassador to Cambodia . "  These cases not only signal to the Cambodian victims our commitment to justice , but they will also act as a powerful deterrent for those individuals who are contemplating traveling to Cambodia to engage in illegal sexual activity with minors . " The International Labor Organization estimates that at least 12.3 million adults and children are victims of forced labor , bonded labor and sex slavery each year . Cambodia is one of several countries recently added to a U.S. "  watch list " because of what a State Department report calls a worsening human trafficking record in that country .	Operation Twisted Traveler is crackdown on U.S. sex tourism in Cambodia Three men being returned to United States , charged under Protect Act Suspects convicted of previous sexual offenses in U.S. , agency says They face sentences of 30 years for each alleged victim
CNN  -- Hannah Anderson mourned alongside family , friends and strangers on Saturday at a public service remembering the lives of her slain mother , Christina , and little brother , Ethan . A crowd of about 500 filled every pew of Guardian Angels Catholic Church in Santee , California . Mourners listened as Father Kevin Casey opened the service with a prayer for the lives lost during the tragic incidents of August 4 . "  We are here to pray for Tina and remember her , and for Ethan . Ethan does n't need prayers . He is already an angel in heaven . And that is our great belief , " he said , "  all of us would like to take away the awful pain that was inflicted on Hannah and on the whole family . We ask God for resurrection and light in this darkness and death . " Christina Anderson , 42 , and her son , Ethan , 8 , were killed by family friend James Lee DiMaggio , who then set fire to his house and kidnapped Hannah , authorities said . In the days after the kidnapping , a multistate manhunt ensued , ending hundreds of miles away from his San Diego-area home . On August 10 , horseback riders spotted DiMaggio in the Idaho wilderness . An FBI agent shot him dead and Hannah was rescued . A playful snapshot of Christina and Ethan adorned the church altar , along with a photo of the family dog , Cali , also killed by DiMaggio . Their remains were held in urns , encircled by family photos , flower wreaths , cards and a football meant for Ethan . "  As you know , Ethan was so handsome , full of spirit , loved football , " Hannah 's great uncle , David Braun , said during the eulogy . "  What a kid to have as a son , or a brother , or a member of our family . You just wanted to be his buddy . " Several of Ethan 's football teammates listened from the back of the church as Braun reflected on the life of the boy they knew . They wore their black and yellow football jerseys in honor of Ethan . Braun also spoke kindly of on his niece , whom he lovingly called "  Tiny Tina . " "  She was a devoted mother and a wonderful person to have in our family . Very devoted to her children , full of life and always ready to help out if you needed a friend or a favor , " he said . Hannah , 16 , listened from the front row , where she sat surrounded by her maternal grandparents , Sarah and Ralph Britt . Her grandmother had her arm around her for most of the service . "  We will miss them forever . We will always remember them and ask , ` What could have been ? ' " said Braun . "  It has been very painful . It has been unending pain and sorrow , " he said . "  We have all felt your pain in an every minute since this attack on our family transpired . " Braun thanked family members for their support , the media , the FBI and the ranchers who are credited for Hannah 's rescue . He told the congregation Christina and Ethan will never be forgotten . "  They say only time will mend a broken heart but who knows , only time ... but those we will those we love will never be more than a thought away . For as long as there is a memory , will live on in our heart . " Hannah arrived at the service with her father , Brett Anderson , in a black SUV . Before the start of the service , she greeted and hugged churchgoers and thanked them for their support , including several of her classmates who sat towards the back of the church . Hannah then joined her family and the congregation as it sang "  Amazing Grace " and a procession gave way to the Holy Eucharist . CNN spoke to Hannah 's grandmother after the service ended . Sarah Britt described the service as "  uplifting . " "  It was a chance to finally celebrate my daughter and my grandson . With waiting to find Hannah , we had to put our grief aside to this day . It was very uplifting and my daughter would have loved it , " she said . Britt said Hannah "  did really well . " "  She is very strong . She had a few moments , but she is very strong , " she said . Britt said she plans to raise Hannah , who has plans of becoming a firefighter . The family handed out a memorial card that included a prayer verse and a message that read : "  We express our heartfelt gratitude to all of you in our time of need . Thank you , The Anderson and Britt family . " The card included a photo of Christina and Ethan . Christina 's death date was listed as August 3 , and Ethan 's as August 4 .	Hannah Anderson attends her mother and brother 's public memorial "  We will miss them forever , " says family member during eulogy Christina Anderson and her son , Ethan , were killed by family friend James Lee DiMaggio He then abducted Hannah Anderson , 16 , before he was spotted and killed in Idaho
CNN  -- A 15-year-old Yemeni girl was burned to death by her father for "  communicating with her fiance , " according to Yemen 's Interior Ministry . The father , a 35-year-old man , was arrested Tuesday in a village in Taiz Province . The statement did not clarify when the girl was killed . The case , which activists are calling an honor crime , is once again highlighting the plight of young girls in Yemen , where child marriages and honor killings still happen . According to Human Rights Watch , more than half of all females in Yemen are married off before the age of 18 . Leading child rights advocate Ahmed Al-Qureshi confirmed to CNN his organization , Seyaj , had been asked to investigate the incident , one he considered an "  honor killing . " Honor killings are a problem in Yemen , a deeply tribal and conservative country , Al-Qureshi said . "  Most incidents of honor killing take place in rural areas where tribal law is applied . " "  The government needs to deal with honor killing seriously , " Ali Al-Bahri , a human rights activist , told CNN . Al-Bahri added that most honor killings in Yemen go unreported , "  and suspects are never punished . " "  Tribal culture and lack of government awareness campaigns are key to the continuous spread of honor killings , " said Al-Bahri . A written statement on the Interior Ministry 's website said police had told the ministry that "  the father committed this heinous crime against his daughter under the pretext that she was communicating with her fiancee . " Exclusive : How my brother tried to kill me in ` honor attack ' Third of teens in Amman , Jordan , condone honor killings , study says	A 35-year-old man was arrested in Taiz Province over the death of his daughter The case is once again highlighting the plight of young girls in Yemen Rights group : More than half of brides in Yemen are aged under 18 "  Most incidents ... take place in rural areas where tribal law is applied "
CNN  -- A former exotic dancer has filed a lawsuit against Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones , accusing him of sexual assault . In the suit filed Monday in Dallas County , Jana Weckerly claims that Jones assaulted her in 2009 and that the Dallas Cowboys knew about and covered up the incident . Weckerly is seeking "  monetary relief of over $ 1,000,000 , " according to the suit . Reaction from the Cowboys was swift . Levi McCathern , an attorney representing the team , called the allegations "  completely false " and "  a shakedown . " "  The legal complaint is unsupported by facts or evidence of any kind , " McCathern said in a written statement . "  This is nothing more than an attempt to embarrass and extort Jerry Jones . " Read the lawsuit Weckerly 's attorney says his client is in hiding . The suit claims that the 2009 incident caused the 27-year-old to fear for her life . In the aftermath , the suit says , Weckerly has suffered depression , dealt with substance abuse and has attempted suicide . The suit is not clear on exactly when the alleged assault occurred , saying it happened "  sometime in May or June . " But the suit alleges that the owner penetrated Weckerly with his fingers and forced her to touch his genitals without her consent . McCathern pledged to fight the complaint . He added that law enforcement is now involved "  due to the seriousness of these baseless allegations . " What if Roger Goodell ran the NBA and Adam Silver captained the NFL ? The allegations against the Cowboys owner is the latest distraction for the NFL , pulling the spotlight from its early season games . Ravens running back Ray Rice was cut from the team and indefinitely suspended from the league this week after video surfaced showing the moment he delivered a punch to his then-fiancÃ © e that knocked her out . The league was ridiculed by some for initially suspending Rice for only two games , a position it did not change until after the video was made public . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said he does not rule out the possibility of Rice returning to the league someday . Another team owner , Jim Irsay of the Indianapolis Colts , is currently serving a six-game suspension and had to pay a $ 500,000 fine after pleading guilty to one misdemeanor count of operating a vehicle while intoxicated . The $ 500,000 fine is the maximum allowed under league rules . CNN 's Jason Morris and Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	Jana Weckerly filed a lawsuit against Jerry Jones seeking more than $ 1 million She claims the Dallas Cowboys owner touched her genitals Cowboys attorney : This is an attempt to embarrass and extort Jerry Jones He says law enforcement involved "  due to the seriousness of these baseless allegations "
CNN  -- Sara lives in Sierra Leone and just wants to go to school . She left her village and her family to live with an aunt who is a teacher . Sara 's aunt supported her education and helped her study . Sara is now attending secondary school near her village and wants to go to college . She says she is going to be a lawyer . "  I want to be a superstar of Sierra Leone , " Sara says . Sara is the exception among girls in Sierra Leone . During the country 's decade-long civil war , many schools were destroyed . Families were often forced from their villages and now live in poverty . If they have the money to pay school fees , many girls still miss out on an education simply because a family usually will choose to send a boy to school before a girl . Girls are often forced to marry at an early age , exposing them to early pregnancy and even HIV . Gender-based violence and genital cutting are also major problems in Sierra Leone . The nonprofit Plan International USA is one group working with girls in Sierra Leone and other West African countries . Sara is one of hundreds of girls who have taken part in the organization 's Girls Making Media Project . Teenage girls in some of the poorest areas of Sierra Leone learn how to write , produce and broadcast radio programs -- empowering them to speak up for themselves and raise awareness of the issues they think are most important . "  I report on the gender discrimination against girls in Sierra Leone . If you do that through the radio , I think people deep in the village will open their ears and hear something about it , " Sara says . Watch the video for more on Sara 's story and how she wants the education her mom could n't have . How you can help girls like Sara in Sierra Leone : GIVE You can help advance Plan 's work by donating to its "  Because I am a Girl " campaign , which supports projects that help girls and women in the developing world . There is also an opportunity to give what Plan International calls Gifts of Hope . You can symbolically donate things like school uniforms , vaccinations , school supplies or even girl-friendly latrines . SHARE Plan international USA created resources for students and teachers . These online booklets are designed to help people of all ages understand the challenges that many girls and women face around the world . IMPACT For even more ways to make an impact for girls education around the world , check out CNN 's Impact Your World resources or take action with 10x10 . - More about CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " project - More from CNN 's Impact Your World	Watch CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " June 16 at 9 p.m. ET on CNN Sara left her village to live with her aunt so she could attend school Gender violence and early marriage are problems in Sierra Leone
CNN  -- The United States on Thursday expanded a visa ban and set the groundwork for sanctions against Russians and others over the crisis in Ukraine , while Europe also threatened similar action if the matter can not be resolved diplomatically . The dual action intensified the western response around Russia 's military intervention in the Crimean peninsula last week triggered by political upheaval in Kiev . The United States has led the charge on sanctions with Europe seen as a more reluctant partner , at least initially . Russia is the European Union 's third-largest trading partner after the United States and China . Germany relies heavily on Russian energy . Visa bans , which were expanded by the State Department , were already in place for some Russian and Ukrainian officials . President Barack Obama also signed an executive order allowing the U.S. government to impose a host of sanctions on both individuals and entities deemed to be violating Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . If Russia continues "  this violation of international law " in Ukraine , "  the resolve of the United States and our allies and the international community will remain firm , " Obama said in remarks at the White House . His executive order provides the legal basis for sanctions against specific people and entities , though the United States would do so "  based on the situation on the ground " in Ukraine , a senior administration official told CNN . It targets those responsible for or complicit in actions that "  undermine democratic processes and institutions in Ukraine , " the executive order states . No names were revealed , but Russian President Vladimir Putin was not on the list , officials said . Any sanctions would range from freezing assets and blocking property under U.S. jurisdiction to preventing American companies from doing business with any person or entity listed . The Obama administration had previously put trade and investment pact talks with Russia on hold . Separately , Europe also threatened sanctions if the crisis can not be resolved diplomatically through talks between Moscow and Kiev . The European Council , an arm of the European Union , said it would suspend bilateral talks with Russia on visa matters , and also threatened travel bans , asset freezes and cancellation of the EU-Russia summit if there is no timely diplomatic progress . It also threatened "  severe and far-reaching " economic consequences if Russia further destabilizes the situation . Also in Washington , a congressional committee was set to vote later in the day on a resolution condemning Russia 's actions and urging the United States to pursue a broad range of economic and other sanctions . Military ties , G8 U.S. action also extends militarily to boost support for allies in the region . The Pentagon added six fighter jets to the four currently on a NATO mission in the Baltics and the guided-missile destroyer USS Truxtun is about to take part in a previously scheduled exercise in the Black Sea . In addition , the Pentagon has suspended military exercises with Russia , and the Obama administration has suspended preparations for the upcoming G8 summit of industrialized nations in the Black Sea resort of Sochi , the site of the just-completed Winter Olympics . Russian lawmakers are drafting a law that would allow the nation to confiscate assets belonging to U.S. and European companies if sanctions are slapped on Moscow , Russian state media reported . Labott reported from Rome and Kosinski from New York ; CNN Money 's Mark Thompson and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	President Obama signed an executive order allowing sanctions The sanctions would be aimed at Russians and Ukrainians threatening Ukraine Visa bans are already in effect for some Russian and Ukrainian officials NEW : Europe to suspend talks with Russia on visas , threatens other economic steps
CNN  -- The Florida Highway Patrol defended its role in a fiery multi-car crash on Florida 's Interstate 75 in Gainesville , where 11 people died and 46 were injured due to heavy fog and smoke from a nearby fire . In a report prepared by the FHP and the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles , the agencies concluded the drivers killed and injured in the January accidents were responsible for their actions by continuing to drive through the dense smoke . "  Despite the presence of Fog/Smoke warning signs , some drivers did not take proper precautions and slow their speeds to prepare for reduced visibility , " said the report . The report also concluded patrol officers acted fairly when they made the decision to reopen the interstate after monitoring smoke and fog drifting through the area . "  The FHP 's review of the events of January 29 , 2012 , found its members acted reasonably , " the report said in its conclusion . "  The rapidly changing conditions that morning in such a localized area could not be predicted with any degree of reliability . " The accidents occurred in the early morning hours outside Gainesville as smoke from a nearby brush fire enveloped the highway . The FHP increased its staffing from two troopers to eight after acknowledging the danger the nearby fire posed , the report stated . After monitoring the roadway conditions throughout the night , the agency reopened a section of I-75 after the on-site incident commander determined the roadway 's conditions were clear . "  Response personnel continued to drive through the area at approximately 10-minute intervals and noted no significant smoke or fog until the time the crashes occurred , " the report said . Barely half an hour later , a chain reaction of crashes involving at least 25 vehicles , including semi trucks , would occur . 911 calls from that evening reveal panicked voices and sickening crunches as cars careened into accidents that had n't had enough time to be cleared from the scene . After Gov. Rick Scott ordered an investigation into the cause of the horrific crash , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement released a report in April to detail the FHP 's role in the deadly pileup . The FDLE found that while there was no criminal intent involved , the FHP did need to revamp its policies and procedures in such situations , and improve its inter-agency communication . "  Even if each of the recommendations made by the FDLE in its incident review were to have been present or occurred that night , it is probable the same decision would have been reached . Also , no amount of planning or policy will take the place of driver reaction to low visibility and unpredictable conditions , " the FHP said in the report released Friday . As conditions improved onsite commander FHP Lt. John Gourley decided to reopen the highway despite fellow deputy Sgt. Bruce Simmons warning that conditions could quickly deteriorate . " "  This would not have happened , " said Simmons as captured on his dashboard camera while speaking to an Alachua County deputy sheriff . "  They would n't freaking listen earlier . That 's what I told my lieutenant . That 's what I told my lieutenant . I said that it  smoke  will roll in faster than you can shut it down , " said Simmons . Many of the FDLE 's recommended changes have been accepted , including improved training , procedures and guidelines when opening or closing roads along with better communications with the National Weather Service and the Florida Forest Service for the latest information on how smoke is affecting state highways . "  The Patrol has reviewed the events of the crash and is enhancing policies and training to advance our mission to promote a safe and secure Florida through professional law enforcement and traffic safety awareness , " said FHP director Col. David Brierton in a written statement . "  The crashes on Interstate 75 in Alachua County in the early morning hours of Jan. 29 , 2012 , were tragic , and our prayers go out to the families involved . "	Florida Highway Patrol releases its report on crashes It says drivers did n't heed caution on fog and smog from fire Law enforcement department said policy changes needed
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Several people were killed and more than 300 were arrested in anti-government protests in Tehran Sunday , Iran 's Deputy Police Chief Ahmad Reza Radan said on state television station IRINN . The toll was the result of clashes that broke out between demonstrators and security forces as large crowds gathered for Ashura , a major religious observance . Five people were reported killed in the fighting , Iranian state-run Press TV said late Sunday . A French government statement put the number of fatalities at eight . With tight restrictions on international media , CNN could not independently verify the casualties . Without giving an exact number of casualties , Radan said those killed included one person who fell off a bridge and two others who were killed in a car accident during the protests . One of the victims was killed by a bullet , Radan said . But "  considering the fact that the police did not use firearms , this incident is extremely suspicious , and is being investigated , " he said . The Web site of opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi reported that Mousavi 's nephew , Seyed Ali Mousavi , was killed in the demonstrations around noon local time Sunday by a gunshot to the heart . Press TV , meanwhile , late Sunday quoted unnamed police officials as identifying one of the dead as "  Seyyed Ali Mousavi . " Press TV 's report did not mention any relationship between that victim and opposition leader Mousavi , nor did its report include any mention of the elder Mousavi . Tehran Police Chief Azizollah Rajabzadeh denied any protesters were killed by security forces . Are you in Iran ? Share your photos and video and tell us what 's going on . Police did not fire any shots in Tehran , "  and security forces were not in possession of firearms , " Rajabzadeh told the semi-official news agency ISNA . Since the disputed presidential elections in June , protesters have turned public gatherings into rallies against President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who was declared the overwhelming winner of the race . Police , wary of the potential that Ashura gatherings could present , were out in full force Sunday to quell disruptions but did not stop demonstrators holding widespread protests . Near Imam Hussein Square in central Tehran , security forces used tear gas to disperse demonstrators and blocked roads to prevent more from arriving , a witness said . Protesters seized a motorcycle belonging to a security force member and set it on fire . Elsewhere in the city , witnesses reported seeing protesters being beaten with batons . Demonstrators chanted "  death to the dictator " and some ripped down a picture of Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei . Police helicopters hovered above city squares while small trucks brought in more riot police in parts where clashes were fierce . Protesters played cat-and-mouse with security forces -- gathering , then scrambling and gathering elsewhere . U.S. National Security Council Spokesman Mike Hammer said the United States condemns the "  violent and unjust suppression of civilians in Iran seeking to exercise their universal rights . " "  Governing through fear and violence is never just , and as President Obama said in Oslo -- it is telling when governments fear the aspirations of their own people more than the power of any other nation , " Hammer said in a statement . The French Foreign Ministry issued a statement Sunday expressing "  great anxiety " following the violent clashes . The statement said at least eight people were killed and several were wounded in the clashes . France condemns the arbitrary arrests and the "  acts of violence committed against demonstrators who came to defend their right to freedom of speech and their aspiration to democracy . Facing the persistence of popular movements and the worsening of the repression , France is calling for a political solution in Iran , " the ministry 's statement said . The unrest Sunday followed daylong clashes between the two sides in the streets of Tehran on Saturday . On Saturday evening , a pro-government mob barged into a mosque where former president and reformist leader Mohammad Khatami was speaking . The dozens-strong group forced Khatami to end his remarks abruptly when it interrupted the gathering at Jamaran mosque . Earlier Saturday , scores of security forces on motorcycles charged protesters on sidewalks whenever they started chanting anti-government slogans , witnesses said . Sunday marks Ashura , the observance of the death of Imam Hussein , grandson of Prophet Muhammad . Hussein , who was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 A.D. , is regarded as a martyr . The battle that led to his death is one of the events that helped create the schism between Sunnis and Shiites , the two main Muslim religious movements . Iran is predominantly Shiite . During Sunday 's protests , some demonstrators compared Khamenei to Yazid , the caliph who killed Hussein . Religious mourning during Ashura is characterized by people chanting , beating their breasts in penance , cutting themselves with daggers or swords and whipping themselves in synchronized moves . Sunday also is a week to the day since the death of Grand Ayatollah Hussein Ali Montazeri , a key figure in the 1979 Iranian revolution . Montazeri , who went on to become one of the government 's most vocal critics , died December 20 . The seventh day after a death is a traditional time for mourning in Islam . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : Web site of opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi says nephew was killed in protests Five people were reported killed in fighting , Iranian state-run Press TV said late Sunday Demonstrations are latest since outrage over the June presidential elections Clashes occur during holy period of Ashura
London  CNN  -- Brazil stands at a crossroads in its efforts to preserve the Amazon rainforest , as the government considers controversial legislation governing land use . For most of the last decade it has made a dramatic reduction in the rate of deforestation -- providing a model of how it could be tackled in other rainforest areas such as Indonesia and Congo . The Amazon rainforest covers a huge area , roughly half as large as the United States , with around 60 % of it in Brazil . It is estimated that nearly a fifth of the Brazilian forest has been lost since 1970 -- figures from Brazil 's space research institute  INPE  show that 4.1 million square kilometers  1.58 million square miles  of Brazilian forest were still standing in 1970 compared to 3.35 million square kilometers  1.29 million square miles  today . Like many developing nations , there is pressure on the natural environment from commercial and agriculture interests . According to INPE , in 1995 nearly 30,000 square kilometers  about 11,550 square miles  were cleared -- that is an area about the size of Belgium or the U.S. state of Maryland -- but in 2011 the rate of loss had been reduced to just over 6,000 square kilometers  about 2,400 square miles  . Last year saw the lowest annual clearance since yearly INPE surveys began in 1988 and Brazil is aiming to reduce deforestation even further to 3,500 square kilometres annually by 2020 . See interactive maps of Brazil 's land use Brazil 's environment ministry credits its success on a combination of support for sustainable activities and near real-time satellite monitoring of forest regions that allows it to target illegal operations with extra agents . But environmentalists worry that these results -- brought about by efficient use of technology allied with a political will to slow clearing -- could now be put at risk by an overhaul of Brazil 's Forest Code . Protesters say the new code , which could come into effect after a much-delayed crucial vote , reduces protection and weakens enforcement laws . "  The changes in the new Forest Code will reduce this protection . Combined with the strong presence of ` ruralists ' in the Congress -- congressmen linked to the agri-business sector -- there is good reason to be very concerned for the future of forests in Brazil , " said Jessica Miller of Greenpeace Brazil . "  Deforestation in the Amazon has many drivers . Loggers come first to take the most precious timber and finance the building of rough , illegal roads . Then come cattle ranchers , burning what is left and planting grass . Cattle ranching is often used to guarantee the ownership of the area by land grabbers , " she said . At present , Brazilian government statistics show that about 30 % of the country 's land is given over to agriculture . The power of the rural lobby is acknowledged by those close to the Brazilian government but the environmental fears are also rejected . Luis Antonio Carvalho , special advisor to the Brazilian Environment Minister , Izabella Teixeira , said : "  It is true that the rural caucus representatives have much power , everybody knows that . Much of the GDP comes from the Brazilian agriculture and livestock . It is a sector of great importance for the country . "  The new proposal includes all the government 's requirements . It sets out regulations to restore the land . It includes components such as social interest , public utilities and low environmental impact . "  But I think this is the best proposal that can come out for both sides . Environmental groups are concerned , but the rural caucus , on the other hand , are worried too . So it is clear that neither side will be satisfied with any code that the government approves . " Carvalho said farmers must keep 80 % of their forested land -- they will only be able to clear 20 % -- and may have to use some of their land for reforestation . But farmers are worried about the future of their businesses and keen to modernize the existing code , which dates to 1965 . No-one from the Brazilian farmers ' body , the CNA , which represents 2,300 rural trade unions , was available for comment but the group 's website calls for a balanced approach that safeguards conservation and food production "  because this production depends on the welfare and progress of the Brazilians . " Protecting the rainforest has attracted celebrity backing for more than two decades . The pop singer , Sting , and his wife Trudie Styler , set up the Rainforest Foundation in 1989 after seeing the destruction of the Amazon rainforest and its impact on indigenous peoples . Both the Rainforest Foundation and Greenpeace have previously urged Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff to use her veto to block the law change . They are concerned about the threat to the huge range of animals and plants found in the world 's rainforests -- scientists from the Secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity estimate that at least two thirds of all Earth 's terrestrial species are found in tropical forests . Spring 2012 also marks a significant junction half a world away in Indonesia which has significant forest areas . In May 2010 Norway signed a letter of intent , pledging around $ 1 billion to help Indonesia reduce deforestation . But there have been delays in implementing the plan and Greenpeace says it is not working . The agreement was designed to help Indonesia with its commitment to the U.N. 's global REDD + program  Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation  . It called for the establishment of an "  independent institution for a national monitoring , reporting and verification system , " a two-year moratorium on all new concessions for forest clearance and enforcement of laws on illegal logging . Rainforest home to vast treasury of life Central Kalimantan was chosen as a pilot project -- an area of Indonesia that has seen widespread forest destruction . Studies by South Dakota State University and the environmental think tank , World Resources Institute  WRI  , show that the lowlands of Kalimantan and Sumatra have lost more than 40 % of the rainforest cover since 1990 . In the same period , more than 17 % of Indonesia 's total forest area has disappeared . The studies also show there has been a resurgence in clearing since 2000 , but has not so far reached the levels of the 1990s . Attempts to halt deforestation in Indonesia are much less advanced than Brazil which started its drive in the 1980s . Greenpeace says there are major loopholes in the Indonesian moratorium , saying the safeguards are inadequate with no review of existing concessions , and criticizes the lack of a good monitoring system . "  In short , in our opinion and analysis , the moratorium has not been working well in halting deforestation in Indonesia , " said Yuyun Indradi , Greenpeace forest campaigner in Indonesia . "  The land rights issues are also a major problem in forest governance ... creating more and more conflict and human rights violations . It means the existence of indigenous peoples and local peoples are at risk as , currently , the government tends to give more priority to the large scale industries of forestry , plantation and mining , " he said . The Indonesia government insists it is committed to REDD + and introducing a host of measures to slow deforestation and reduce emissions . In a keynote environment speech in September 2011 , President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono dedicated his remaining three years in office to enhance the forests of Indonesia . "  We must attain both development and the management of our forest -- simultaneously , " he said . "  This is because forest management is tightly intertwined with the livelihood of our people , with our food security , with the availability of wood and fuel . "  Apart from the moratorium , we have built indicative maps that are important to the implementation of REDD + . These maps will also facilitate the resolution of decades-long problems of land use and land tenure . " A spokesman for the Indonesian government adds that they are working on the maps and new concessions permits , and to determine the extent of forest damage and how to control it . But can Indonesia match the progress made by Brazil ? Greenpeace 's Indradi says Brazil 's strong point has been to implement better forest governance , backed up with good monitoring and serious law enforcement . It is the monitoring issue that is also acknowledged as key by the WRI . "  Reliable monitoring and information are essential for protecting forests , " said the institute 's Fred Stolle . "  Indonesia recognizes the value of good data and is working to develop such a system . "  What the world really needs is consistent , real-time deforestation data for all forested countries . " Sofia Fernandes contributed to this report	Brazil has made a dramatic reduction in the rate of deforestation Environmentalists worry that its progress could be put at risk by changes to forest law Greenpeace is also concerned that Indonesia 's measures to halt deforestation are not working The World Resources Institute says the world needs consistent , real-time deforestation data
CNN  -- For Anna Younker , owning a bridal shop means serving customers who are planning one of the happiest days of their lives . It 's a job she loves . "  She 's the salt of the earth , " said her husband , Donald . But since October 16 , the couple 's lives have been turned upside down . Ever since news broke that nurse Amber Vinson had visited their Ohio store just before being diagnosed with Ebola , the fallout has been unrelenting . The couple 's Coming Attractions Bridal Shop , a business they cultivated for nearly 25 years , is dark , they say , mainly thanks to Ebola hysteria . "  It 's a little hard to believe that something like Ebola from halfway around the world can affect our lives right here in Akron , " said Donald Younker . "  The world is clearly smaller than we think . " On Sunday , the bridal shop looked like a "  Star Trek " set . Bright blue light beamed from five ultraviolet ray machines in an operation designed to eliminate any possible trace of the Ebola virus . It 's called a TORCH UV system from New Jersey-based ClorDiSys Solutions Inc. . The Younkers say a team spent about five hours performing the service free of charge . Now , the fascinating part : The Summit County Health Department told the family the cleaning effort was unnecessary . "  You do n't have to do it if you do n't want to , that 's what they told us , " Anna Younker said . Even if the virus was present , health officials say it does n't live long on surfaces . Dr. Marguerite Erme , the Summit County medical director , also told CNN the cleanup was n't needed . "  It was the same thing they told us about closing , " Younker added . ` I 'm hoping that this will ease everybody 's mind ' The couple say they did it because of "  public scrutiny . " "  I 'm hoping that this will ease everybody 's mind that if there 's anything floating in my store that it 's gon na be gone , ' Anna Younker said . The couple say that by shutting their doors and scrubbing the shop , they hope to "  get rid of any " stigmatization . Or will they ? Despite their efforts , the Younkers worry they may have to get rid of their entire inventory , including hundreds of dresses . "  I think that 's probably what I 'll have to do , " Donald Younker said . For now , their insurance company is suggesting they may not be covered , saying a virus such as Ebola may be an exclusion . Yet , the Younkers say , there 's no evidence the virus was in the shop . He 's also worried about possible lawsuits from customers . He is n't sure why . Yet he says nothing would surprise him . It 's unexpected craziness , " said his wife , Anna . "  Some people are going over and beyond to panic . " Travel restrictions Anna Younker is listed as a "  contact " with Vinson because she waited on her in the bridal shop . The Health Department told her that for three days , she was n't allowed to leave her home . Now , the restrictions have been loosened . She can leave her house but can not use public transportation and must tell officials if she wants to leave the county . Someone still comes to her home to record her temperature once a day . Her 21-day oversight will last about two more weeks before it can be lifted . But even though her husband , who works at IBM , and their 10-year-old son have no official restrictions , they 're also affected . "  He was supposed to go to an amusement park to do some Halloween activities . He was supposed to go to a Cavs game ,  but  we ca n't do any , " she said . "  They 're not under quarantine , but because of the stigma that we would feel ... and getting scrutinized and being told we were reckless with public safety , we did n't want that , " she added . When she first found out about Vinson , Younker called her son 's school principal to let her know . "  I wanted to make sure she was comfortable that my son was at school , and she was , " Younker said . Then , as news spread , the school closed as a precaution to get scrubbed down . The principal told her that parents were calling with concerns . "  They asked me what can I do , " Younker said . "  They were n't telling me I can not send my son to school but ... I did choose to keep him home just so all the parents , teachers , families are not panicking . " And while Younker says she 's been getting a lot of support from a diocese and friends , there are others who do n't want her son there , for now . "  I do n't want my son to be treated as if he 's full of germs . ... There 've been some parents that said if this particular child would come to school that 's associated with this Ebola ... they will not send their kids to school . " "  I do n't want to disrupt everybody else 's learning . I want everybody to go to school and feel comfortable . " His parents are picking up his homework so he does n't fall behind . Trying to cope Meantime , questions keep coming . Some of them , the couple says , are baseless , according to what health officials are telling them . "  A lot of it is just nonsense . ... Did I use the same tape measure , measuring those bridesmaids as I used on their bridesmaids ? ... That 's not how this disease is caught , " Anna Younker said . For now , from both a personal and business standpoint , the couple are counting the days when they can get everything back to normal . "  Even though I feel good , we have to be cautious , " she said . She 's calling customers , delivering dresses and making arrangements for alterations as needed . "  No one will be out of their dresses . "	Ebola fears slam Donald and Anna Younker , owners of an Akron , Ohio , bridal shop Nurse Amber Vinson visited their Ohio store just before being diagnosed with Ebola County Health Department said a company 's free UV cleaning was n't needed , owners say They have concerns about inventory , customer complaints and their son 's schooling
CNN  -- Snooki gives birth to a little bambina ! Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi delivered a baby girl early Friday morning . The former "  Jersey Shore " star and fiancÃ © e Jionni LaValle welcomed Giovanna Marie LaValle , who weighed in at 6 pounds and 7 ounces . Polizzi took to Twitter to announce the news , letting fans know Giovanna has a full head of black hair and is , quote , "  perfect . " This is the second child for the couple , who welcomed son Lorenzo in August 2012 .	Snooki now has a daughter Giovanna Marie LaValle weighed 6.7 pounds Snooki and fiancÃ © e Jionni LaValle already have a son
She had a 1-year-old child inside and apparently was unarmed . Instead , the motorist 's black Infiniti , according to authorities , itself became a weapon Thursday afternoon , first striking a security barrier and U.S. Secret Service officer near the White House before hurtling down some of the capital 's most famous streets , police cruisers in pursuit . Dramatic video taken minutes later near the U.S. Capitol showed the vehicle backing into a police vehicle before the chase resumed . Gunshots rang through the traffic circle . The motorist was shot by police just a few blocks away . The woman died . The child was safe and in protective custody . Two officers were injured . Police vehicles were damaged . And a city heretofore fixated on a partial government shutdown was left with unanswered questions . Why did this happen ? Why did the woman drive away from the White House and toward Capitol Hill ? While U.S. Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine said there appeared to be no evidence of terrorism , Metropolitan Police Department Chief Cathy Lanier said , "  This does not appear to be in any way an accident . " Officials , who called it an "  isolated incident , " were tight-lipped about the suspect and did not name her at an evening briefing . The early hours of the investigation turned northward Thursday night . A task force prepared to execute a search warrant at the woman 's Stamford , Connecticut , residence , law enforcement sources said . Police and bomb squad units surrounded an apartment complex . Authorities wanted to speak with the suspect 's relatives in Brooklyn , New York , but were turned away , federal law enforcement sources told CNN . The chase created a chaotic scene of blaring sirens , locked-down lawmakers and bystanders hitting the dirt . House and Senate sessions were immediately suspended , with legislators ordered to take cover and keep away from windows . Police also closed Pennsylvania Avenue in front of the White House . The chase began near the White House . A U.S. Secret Service source said when the woman drove up to a barrier at the 15th and E street checkpoint , she was approached by Secret Service officers who did not recognize her car . The motorist hurriedly tried to drive away , executed a three-point turn , struck the barrier and backed into an officer before driving away , the source told CNN . Police said the car sped down Pennsylvania Avenue toward the Capitol , where security vehicles stopped it at Garfield Circle . Frank Schwing , a Washington resident who was near the area , said officers "  came out with their guns drawn " and approached the suspect 's vehicle . "  At that point , the driver slammed into reverse , slammed into a cruiser , did a 180  degree turn  , took off , " Schwing told CNN , adding , "  at that point , there were a half dozen or so shots fired , " apparently all by small arms from police . Video footage by other witnesses showed the black vehicle then careening around a nearby traffic circle with a police car in close pursuit and then headed away . Shortly afterward , the car crashed into security barriers a few blocks away , witnesses said . Lanier said more shots were fired after the vehicle stopped , and the woman was hit several times . The driver was later pronounced dead , Lanier said . According to multiple sources , there was no reason so far to believe that the woman fired any shots or even had a weapon . Officers did not know a child was inside during the chase , officials said . Lanier , citing the lengthy pursuit , rammed vehicles and an attempt to breach two security perimeters , said the driver 's actions did not appear to be accidental . Security perimeters at the White House and Capitol worked , Lanier told reporters . "  They did exactly what they were supposed to do , " she said . A Capitol Police officer whose vehicle crashed during the chase also was hurt , authorities said . The officer was released from a local hospital Thursday night . The Secret Service did not release information about its injured agent . Authorities lauded the action of police -- some of whom are n't being paid -- who responded to the incident . Because of the government shutdown , U.S. Capitol Police are n't receiving a paycheck , although they will receive checks once appropriations are restored . In Congress , a Capitol Police bulletin said reports of gunshots required "  all occupants in all House office buildings to shelter in place . " "  Close , lock and stay away from external doors and windows , " the bulletin said . Authorities later lifted the lockdown , with police saying they believed the incident was isolated . President Barack Obama was briefed on the situation , which occurred on the third day of a government shutdown due to a stalemate in Congress over government funding . "  The timing on this was really kind of scary , " said Republican Rep. Blake Farenthold of Texas . "  Capitol Hill police are at a lower personnel level because of the shutdown . "	Investigation goes to New York City ; Stamford , Connecticut Police say suspect , a woman , was shot and killed Car chase began near White House and ended near the Capitol A young child was in the suspect 's car and was later placed in protective custody
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The government of Sudan on Monday ordered Kenya 's ambassador to leave the country , after the Kenyan High Court ruled that Sudan 's president must be arrested if he sets foot on Kenyan soil . Sudan 's Minister of Foreign Affairs gave Kenyan Ambassador Robert Mutua Ngesu 72 hours to leave the country , according to state media . The expulsion was a direct reaction to the court ruling , the Sudan News Agency  SUNA  reported . The Sudanese foreign ministry also summoned its ambassador to Kenya back to Khartoum , SUNA reported . President Omar al-Bashir of Sudan , is wanted by the International Criminal Court at the Hague in relation to alleged crimes in Darfur . The Kenyan High Court ruling was the result of a case that the International Commission of Jurists  ICJ  brought against Kenya 's attorney general and internal security minster in 2010 . "  The courts have said that Kenya has an obligation to arrest Bashir if he is to come to country , if there was doubt as to the legal position , that has been clarified , " says George Kegoro , the executive director of the ICJ . Al-Bashir visited Kenya last year to attend the ceremony for a new constitution . At the time Kenyan officials said that Kenya was beholden to African Union decisions on arresting the Sudanese president . According to the ICJ , the court said local laws and international agreements such as the Rome Statue that Kenya has signed supersede African Union policies . "  We are satisfied with the ruling and we hope that it clarifies the legal and political situation in Kenyans relationship with Sudan , " said Kegoro . The High Court and Justice Ministry did not respond to queries from CNN .	NEW : Expulsion is a reaction to the Kenyan court decision to arrest Sudan 's president Al-Bashir visited Kenya last year He is wanted by the International Criminal Court Court rules international agreements trump AU policies
Outgoing Democratic Gov. Deval Patrick of Massachusetts says President Barack Obama 's failure to communicate a clear , concise message leading up to the 2014 midterm elections was largely what led the Democratic party 's demise . "  I think it was a huge mistake , " Patrick said Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  One problem the President has is he does n't tell the story well or regularly , " he said . "  When Democrats ... grow a backbone and stand up for what it is we believe , we win . " RELATED : Begala : Dem 2016 bench is Clinton or zip In light of the midterm sweep , Obama himself admitted he has not always been the most proactive communicator-in-chief . Citing a long list of the Obama 's accomplishments , the two-term governor expanded on that point , arguing the President should have made a greater effort to highlight his and his party 's successes ahead of the election . "  You know the importance of repetition is something I had to learn , " Patrick said . "  It 's not to say that everything has been solved , we have reached the Promised Land . But we are better off than we were . " But while Patrick blamed the President for his party 's losses nationally , the Massachusetts chief executive himself shirked responsibility for his own state 's failure to elect Democrats . "  I was n't on the ballot , " Patrick said . "  I ran against the same -- against the  Republican Governor-elect Charlie Baker  four years ago . We had a different outcome then . We had a good candidate who got better as she came closer to Election Day . Of course ,  Democrat Martha Coakley  was outspent 9 - or 10-to-1 . " Asked if he felt any responsibility for her defeat , Patrick said he was "  sorry for that " but that "  the outcomes of elections depend on the candidates , not the folks on the sidelines . " READ : Hillary Clinton could end up alone in Iowa Looking to the next election , Patrick had lovely things to say about fellow Democrat Hillary Clinton , but he admitted the thought of her as the inevitable Democratic candidate is bad for the party -- a point he has been stressing for months . "  I think Hillary Clinton -- Secretary Clinton -- has been an extraordinary public servant and would be a terrific candidate for president , " Patrick said . "  But I think that the narrative that it 's inevitable is off putting to regular voters . " "  I do n't mean that as a criticism of her . I just think that people read inevitability as entitlement . The American people want and ought to want their candidates to sweat for the job -- to actually make a case for why they are the right person at the right time . " Reflecting on his own political future , the outgoing governor says he 's thought about a 2016 run , but has ruled it out . "  I have thought about it , " Patrick admitted . But , he added , "  I ca n't get ready for 2016 . " "  I did n't run for the job  as governor  to get another job , just to do this job . "	Outgoing Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick blames President Barack Obama for 2014 losses Patrick says Obama failed to highlight the positive economic growth to voters Hillary Clinton should n't be seen as the inevitable 2016 Democratic presidential candidate , he adds
CNN  -- While those about him have lost their heads , Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been a model of consistency . Whether it is players falling foul of the law , refusing to play , or simply getting swept up by the revolving door at the club 's Etihad Stadium , Kompany has seen a number of teammates and managers come and go during his five years in Manchester . But the Belgian has led the line for City both on and off the pitch . The 27-year-old is captain of both club and country and his leadership helped City clinch a first English championship in 44 years in 2012 . His stellar performances and articulate interviews have made Kompany an idol among fans and a respected figure within the media . Kompany 's level head is something he credits to his education and his parents , who kept him grounded even when it became clear he was destined for sporting stardom . "  I could n't go anywhere without finishing my studies , " Kompany told CNN reflecting on the years he spent combining football and his education . "  I always remember playing in big games , millions of people watching , and the next day coming back at two o'clock in the morning . "  At eight o'clock I was just sitting on the bench with all my classmates and I was just a normal guy , but it 's always given me the right balance . "  I thank my mother every day and my father every day for pushing me in that direction . They 've never ever said to me , ` You 're a great footballer . You 've made it now just focus on your football . ' "  They 've always said keep other things at hand and I guess I still have this in my life now . " Blog : Is Gareth Bale worth $ 120m ? Kompany 's present is a far cry from his parents ' past . His parents fled Zaire , now known as Democratic Republic of Congo , during the regime of president Mobuto Sese Seko , heading to Belgium where Kompany was born and raised . "  They 've given us so much love when we were younger , but I guess like any modern family as well , we 've had our problems in the fight , " said Kompany of his parents . "  We 've had financial difficulties like any normal family would have , but I think that the biggest lesson for me is that we 've always come back to that education , the strength to do our own thing ... knowing that we would be okay even if we did n't have any money because we knew exactly how to handle situations . " Despite the success he has enjoyed since signing for City in 2008 , Kompany continues to have numerous extracurricular interests . British newspaper the Daily Mail reported in January 2012 that Kompany had signed up for a three-year Business Administration course , while he also purchased a football club in his hometown and renamed it BX Brussels . The team , which plays at the bottom level of the Belgian football pyramid , is Kompany 's attempt to ensure up and coming players are given the best possible start to their careers . "  I played football for Anderlecht from the age of 6 to the age of 20 so that has had a big impact on my life , at the same time as my parents and the schools I went to , " he explained . "  I really believe that the interactions between all of those different assets led me to be better . "  I want to make a very strong link into the schools , maybe sometimes even the life at home for the kids . "  I think a part of the reason why a lot of young kids fail is because they do n't have the support from home that they need to . " One obstacle faced by some modern footballers is racism . The key to tackling discrimination , according to Kompany , is also education . While Kompany pays little heed to the abusers , he still says it is important for the game 's governing bodies to clamp down on the vocal minority . "  It 's a very sad life , it 's a very sad way of behaving so I would n't give them too much attention , " he added . "  But at the same time , as much as I would n't teach my kids to give them too much attention , I hope the governing bodies will be extremely hard and extremely exemplary in the way that they deal with those situations . "	Vincent Kompany joined Manchester City from Hamburg in 2008 The defender is captain for both City and the Belgium national team Kompany combined a football career with his studies as a teenager He hopes to see authorities take a hard stance when tackling racism
CNN  -- A Maryland man severely injured in an alleged assault at a Baltimore Orioles baseball game was revived by an off-duty state trooper at the scene who apparently did n't know immediately the victim was a childhood friend . Nathan Steelman was seated a few sections away on Wednesday night at Camden Yards when Matthew Fortese , 25 , was punched in the side of the head during an apparent argument with two other men and fell off a wall , police records show . His head hit the pavement below with a loud thump . The incident apparently was triggered when the men sitting in the section behind Fortese apparently taunted him about his New York Yankees hat and threw beer on him , his brother , James , said . Fortese was not breathing and was bleeding badly from behind his head when Steelman reached him . Steelman pried open his mouth and cleared his airway , allowing Fortese to breathe on his own , Steelman said . It was n't until later that Steelman realized he had known Fortese for years . "  I think instinct kind of kicked in , " Steelman told CNN on Friday . "  I did n't know it was Matt at the time . " "  I grew up with him playing baseball together , " Steelman said . Fortese remains in intensive care in stable condition with a fractured skull at Maryland Shock Trauma Center , James Fortese said . "  He 's not confrontational , " his brother told CNN . "  He was just trying to enjoy the game . " Two men were charged in the incident and were held on $ 50,000 bond , authorities said . Orioles spokesman Greg Bader confirmed the team was aware of the incident but had no further comment . In 2012 : Two California men plead not guilty in beating of Giants fan	Man severely injured in altercation with two fans at Baltimore baseball game Off-duty trooper who performed first aid on victim realized later two were old friends Two men held in alleged assault Victim hospitalized in stable condition with head injury
New York  CNN  -- Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez is asking a Miami federal judge for a delay in defending himself against a lawsuit accusing him of shooting a man in the face in Florida . Hernandez , currently facing murder charges in the slaying of a man in Massachusetts , asked the court on Tuesday to grant him a temporary stay in the lawsuit . Alexander Bradley of Connecticut is suing Hernandez , claiming the then-New England Patriot tight end shot Bradley in February after the two got into a fight at a Miami strip club . In a lawsuit filed in June , Bradley said Hernandez fired at him during a limo ride after leaving the club and that Hernandez intentionally "  possessed a gun which he was not legally licensed to have . " Bradley said he lost sight in one eye and continues to receive treatment . DA : High-profile case bring extra pressure , ` we welcome it ' In a motion filed by his lawyers , Hernandez argues that he 's unable to defend himself while battling murder and weapons charges stemming from the execution-style killing in June of Odin Lloyd . Bradley appeared in July before a grand jury investigating Lloyd 's death . Prosecutors wo n't comment on why Bradley was called to testify citing the secrecy of the proceedings . However , one of Bradley 's lawyers has asserted the grand jury likely wanted to relate Hernandez 's alleged conduct in Florida to Lloyd 's slaying in Massachusetts . Hernandez 's lawyers state "  it is beyond any reasonable contention that the issues in Bristol County  Massachusetts  ... overlap those of this case . " Investigation turns to Hernandez 's fiancee 's actions In court papers , Hernandez maintains it would be difficult to adequately defend himself while simultaneously battling a murder charge from a jail cell where he 's being held without bail . His lawyers also argue that if he had to answer questions in the civil lawsuit during an ongoing criminal case , he would be forced to invoke the Fifth Amendment to protect himself from self-incrimination . In some jurisdictions , they add , invoking the Fifth Amendment would amount to an admission of guilt . Bradley 's attorneys have until September 20 to file a response . Messages to Hernandez 's lawyers were not answered . Hernandez is next expected to appear in court Friday in Fall River , Massachusetts , for arraignment on a grand jury indictment in Lloyd 's slaying and weapons charges . He 's expected to plead not guilty . Union presses Patriots to give Hernandez $ 82K in bonuses	Ex-NFL player Hernandez accused of shooting man in face in Florida Hernandez currently facing murder charge in death of Odin Lloyd It would be tough to fight both cases at same time , Hernandez argues Lawyers : He would be forced to invoke the Fifth if called to testify in civil case
CNN  -- Expressing apologies that she ca n't accompany him to prom on his birthday , country music beauty Taylor Swift on Friday asked an 18-year-old student with cancer to be her date to the Academy of Country Music Awards in April . Kevin McGuire was diagnosed with leukemia in 2007 at the age of 13 . The cancer was in remission for years before a recent relapse . Realizing he would lose his hair because of treatment , McGuire was worried about securing a date . His older sister , Victoria , asked , "  What if I got Taylor Swift ? " She started a Facebook page on Tuesday that went viral overnight , garnering more than 93,000 likes and the attention of Swift herself . In a message left on the Facebook page , Swift said , "  Kevin , I 'm so sorry but I wo n't be able to make it to your prom . But I was wondering , the ACM Awards are coming up . Would you be my date ? " Representatives for Swift confirmed that the message was posted by the singer . McGuire has a fever and is extremely ill , so he wo n't be able to participate in a YouTube video Victoria and his younger brother planned on making in response to Swift . McGuire , a New Jersey high school student , will be in and out of the hospital the remainder of his senior year and turns 19 on prom night , according to his sister . Taylor Swift wo n't be his prom queen , but , if he accepts , he 'll be going as her date to the Academy of Country Music Awards come April 1 .	New Jersey student , 18 , is suffering from leukemia He was hoping for a date for his prom Singer Taylor Swift instead invites him to April awards show
CNN  -- Pervez Musharraf recently returned to Pakistan after five years in exile , determined to face down his challengers in the courtroom and make a sensational return to politics in time for the May 11 election . But his grand plan has turned to a disaster following a week that the former president would rather forget . On Tuesday , election officials barred Musharraf from running for a seat in parliament . By Friday he was formally arrested -- the first time that has happened to any former chief of the Pakistani army -- amid claims he illegally placed senior judges under house arrest during a period of emergency rule he imposed in 2007 . Later that day he was transferred to a guest house at Islamabad Police HQ where he can be held for a maximum 48 hours before he appears in court to face charges relating to the detention of the judges . At that point he could get bail , go to jail or return to house arrest at his villa . Most analysts expect the house arrest option . The ex-military strongman still has to face two separate other cases dating from his time in power . The first relates to claims he did not do enough protect the life of Benazir Bhutto -- the first woman to be elected prime minister of Pakistan -- after she was assassinated in 2007 , just weeks before an election in which she hoped to be returned to office . Musharraf is also accused of ordering his troops to kill Nawab Akbar Bugti , a popular tribal leader , in the volatile province of Balochistan , in 2006 . WATCH : Musharraf under house arrest Last month , Musharraf told CNN that all the charges against him are "  trumped up , politicized cases . " But he now finds himself under house arrest at his farmhouse compound on the outskirts of Islamabad . Why did Musharraf bother returning to Pakistan ? Despite the criminal charges awaiting him and the threat of assassination by the country 's Taliban extremists , Musharraf arrived in Karachi last month and declared : "  I have come to save Pakistan . " Though the party that succeeded him became the first democratically elected government to serve a full five-year term during the country 's 65-year history , Pakistan is still beset with problems -- a crippled economy , food shortages , frequent power cuts and a bloody insurgency . In his absence overseas , the government had frozen the considerable wealth Musharraf had acquired . According to CNN 's Nic Robertson in Islamabad , Musharraf expected a swift return to politics amid plenty of popular support -- but that proved a major miscalculation . "  From day one it did n't happen , " said Robertson . "  As one of his advisers told us , ` it would have been better if he had n't come back . ' Musharraf anticipated hundreds of thousands of people greeting him at the airport when he landed . It turned out to be hundreds . "  Then there were the legal cases : charges of treason , of being involved in the Bhutto murder and of putting judges under house arrest . In all those cases the judges really went after them aggressively . "  Musharraf had expected them to hold off until after the election . That did n't happen . "  Then his apparent miscalculation in the election itself -- he was barred by the election commission from challenging for four different seats . Now he 's not able to leave the country and under house arrest . The reality is the advice he appears to have been given about the level of popular support he still has in Pakistan was erroneous . " What level of support does Musharraf have ? Musharraf 's popularity began to wane in 2007 after he suspended the chief justice of the Supreme Court for "  misuse of authority . " The move resulted in protests and accusations that he was attempting to influence a court decision on whether he could seek another term in office . More than six years on and some Pakistanis would be happy to see the return of the ex-military ruler , hoping his leadership could help restore order to a country riddled with political division and plagued by extremist violence . But others will point to the many enemies in the final years of his presidency , notably among the judges he detained . The Pakistani Taliban vowed to send a death squad to hunt down the former president if he returned to the country , although Musharraf has admitted he has been living under threat of death since September 11 , 2001 , when he supported the American war on terror and fought against the Taliban . Musharraf also revealed last week that his government secretly signed off on U.S. drone strikes within its borders , but only if there was no time for Pakistan 's military to act against al Qaeda targets . This is the first time a top Pakistani official , past or present , has admitted publicly to such a deal . "  He said it was n't a blanket agreement -- he agreed to perhaps several of these types of drone attacks -- but until now absolutely no word , no hint of this , only ever denials that there were ever any green lights , " said Robertson . Can Musharraf count on support from the military ? As the former army chief , Musharraf will have retained support and influence within Pakistan 's powerful military . "  Most people here think the army wo n't let him go to jail and wo n't tolerate him being under house arrest for long , " said Robertson . "  However they will not do anything rash . They 'll exert their influence behind the scenes to secure a favorable outcome . I think for now the legal process continues apace . " What 's next for Musharraf ? More court appearances . After appearing before a magistrate Friday , Musharraf returned home where he is being held under house arrest , according to his lawyer , Ahmed Raza Qasoori . Musharraf will continue to seek bail in the case , Qasoori said . However , an attempt on Thursday to appeal the Islamabad court 's decision at the Supreme Court appeared to have so far been unsuccessful . To further complicate matters , Qasoori claimed the Islamabad High Court judge who ordered Musharraf 's arrest is one of the judges whom Musharraf is alleged to have had detained in 2007 and therefore should have recused himself from the case . Are there implications for Pakistan ? "  The judiciary has been emboldened , though they are widely perceived to operate a political bias , " said Robertson . "  But in the end we are seeing small steps towards democracy in Pakistan . Ultimately a strong and unbiased judiciary is a good check on political corruption and excess . " But an editorial Friday in The Nation , an English-language newspaper , took a more critical view of events this week . "  All segments of society , supporter or opponent , official or non-official , high or low , are watching keenly to ascertain just how Pakistan will deal with the first of its former dictators to go on trial . "  Adding further spice to the case was the total inaction shown by the police in putting him under arrest that had been specifically ordered by the IHC  Islamabad High Court  . As he came out of the court room , he sped off to his villa ... in a bullet-proof vehicle , guarded by his personal security , with the police and rangers playing the part of silent spectators . " Referring to the provisional administration in place until after next month 's election , it added "  the shameful reality is the utter lack of cooperation and indifference shown by the caretaker setup in Musharraf 's trial , though it is simply carrying on with the tradition set by its predecessor governments . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Pervez Musharraf went back to Pakistan after five years in exile , hoping to return to politics But officials barred Musharraf from running for parliament , days later he was arrested Some Pakistanis would be happy to see the return of the ex-military ruler Others will point to the many enemies he made in the final years of his presidency
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Someone stole an "  incomplete and early version " of the next installment in the blockbuster "  X-Men " movie series and posted it on the Internet this week , according to the studio that owns the billion-dollar film franchise . Hugh Jackman stars in "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine . " An early version of the film was leaked to the Web . Twentieth Century Fox said the FBI was investigating who leaked "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine , " which is set for release in U.S. theaters May 1 . The digital file quickly spread across the Internet and was available for free , but illegal , downloading from hundreds of easily found Web sites . "  The source of the initial leak and any subsequent postings will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law ; the courts have handed down significant criminal sentences for such acts in the past , " the studio 's statement said . Watch how the leak might affect ticket sales " Removing the pirated files from the Internet may prove an impossible challenge , an industry source said . This source did not want to be named because of the sensitive nature of the matter . Although the studio said it was removed from the Web site that first hosted it , the digital file has probably been downloaded tens of thousands of times , the source said . "  It 's not removed from the Internet , " the industry source said . "  It 's still there . " Twentieth Century Fox downplayed the value of the pirated copy , noting that it was not the final version . "  It was without many effects , had missing and unedited scenes and temporary sound and music , " the studio said . Online movie reviewer Kent Lundblad said he was given a copy by a friend just hours after the rough "  Wolverine " first appeared on a Web site Tuesday afternoon . "  Even in this rough form , it 's much better than the last ` X-Men ' outing or anything Fox has given us in a long , long time , " Lundblad said in a review he wrote after watching it . He said the movie is a rough cut , using placeholder images in many sections and special effects that look like "  video games 12 years ago . " He said he suspects that the final movie will look much different than the pirated version , with scenes that were re-shot . Lundblad , a 25-year-old who describes himself as "  a total nerd , " said he will see the movie at its midnight premiere May 1 . He bought his ticket weeks ago online , he said . Steve Zeitchik , who covers the film industry for The Hollywood Reporter , said the studio 's biggest concern may be that having people view a rough cut "  completely throws the studios off their game " of building a positive buzz for the movie . "  If people see this movie , and they do n't like it , and they tell their friends , and their friends blog about it , and it just spreads throughout the blogosphere , there are a lot of people that do n't even get near a pirated copy of this film , who do n't go see -LSB- the movie in theaters -RSB- because of this leak , " Zeitchik said . Whether the leaked video will eventually hurt the film 's box office earnings "  is very difficult to discern , " according to CNN 's source . The latest "  X-Men " film stars Hugh Jackman as Wolverine . Investigators have several tools to help find the source of the leak , including digital watermarking , the studio said . "  We forensically mark our content so we can identify sources that make it available or download it , " the studio said . An FBI spokeswoman confirmed that the agency is "  working with the studio and investigating the alleged online compromise of the movie . " The Motion Picture Association of America , the film industry 's main trade association , confirmed it was also helping in the probe .	NEW : Online reviewer saw early "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine , " praises film FBI involved in investigation to see how "  Wolverine " leaked Latest film in "  X-Men " series had early version pirated , put on Web "  Wolverine , " starring Hugh Jackman , opens May 1
CNN  -- Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. is suffering from "  serious depression -- deep , deep depression , " his longtime friend and former U.S. Rep. Patrick Kennedy told CNN Friday , a day after meeting with Jackson at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota . "  Jesse is getting the help he needs , and he needs to make that his priority , " Kennedy said about the Illinois Democrat who is undergoing inpatient treatment for bipolar depression at the famed facility . Jackson , 47 , has not been on Capitol Hill since late May . In early June , his office released a statement saying that the congressman , who has served in the U.S. House since 1995 , was taking a leave of absence because he was suffering from a "  medical condition . " What is bipolar II disorder ? Jackson 's office released a statement last month , attributed to an unidentified doctor , that said the congressman was "  receiving intensive medical treatment at a residential treatment facility for a mood disorder . " Though exhaustion was initially suspected as the cause of Jackson 's treatment , his father , the Rev. Jesse Jackson , later said the issue was "  something much deeper , much broader , and it lasted much longer . " "  He is suffering from a behavioral symptom , and that is depression , which does n't allow him to really work to his maximum capacity , " Kennedy said . Kennedy , who himself has been treated for depression , predicted that Jackson will address his constituents within a couple of weeks "  about what his intentions are as to whether he 's going to continue in public life or whether he is going to continue to focus on his long-term recovery . " Jackson 's office has remained open for constituent services . Noting that mental illness tends to carry a stigma in the United States , Kennedy said he understood why Jackson had not initially addressed the matter in a public forum . "  The fact that Jesse did n't talk about this as a mental illness early on is reminiscent of most Americans ' experience : if you have a mental illness , you do n't talk about it . " Clinic : Jackson Jr. has bipolar depression In addition to sharing a longtime friendship , the two Democrats both hail from high-profile families and both have suffered mental illness . Kennedy , too , underwent treatment at the Mayo Clinic . On Monday , the Rochester , Minnesota-based facility said Jackson was responding well to treatment for bipolar II disorder . The mental illness "  is a treatable condition that affects parts of the brain controlling emotion , thought and drive and is most likely caused by a complex set of genetic and environmental factors , " the Mayo Clinic said in its statement . Jackson is the son of the famed civil rights leader and represents Illinois ' 2nd Congressional District , which includes parts of Chicago . Kennedy formerly represented Rhode Island and is the son of the late Sen. Edward Kennedy , D-Massachusetts . In addition to struggling openly with addiction , Kennedy has battled bipolar disorder , and has used his public persona to advocate for others with mental illness . He introduced legislation in the House that became law in 2008 forcing insurance companies to cover mental illnesses as if they would physical ailments . Pelosi : Jackson should take all the time he needs In March , Jackson decisively won a heated primary despite being the subject of an investigation by the House Ethics Committee . The panel has been examining allegations that Jackson or one of his associates offered to raise funds for disgraced former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in exchange for the U.S. Senate seat vacated by President Barack Obama . "  There is no doubt that the stress in his life , particularly because he 's under investigation , clearly perhaps precipitated this , " Kennedy said . "  Many of us have genetic predispositions to cancer , heart disease or , in this case , mental illness , but they often get triggered by environmental factors . In mental illness , stress is an environmental factor and clearly , I think , has been a factor in his succumbing to this outbreak of his bipolar disorder . " Blagojevich , convicted on multiple corruption charges , started serving a 14-year prison sentence in March . What do we know about mood disorders ? CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield , Laurie Ure and Allison Brennan contributed to this report .	Former U.S. Rep. Patrick Kennedy says Jackson "  is getting the help he needs " Jackson is a patient at Minnesota 's famed Mayo Clinic Jackson may announce whether he will stay in office in a couple weeks , Kennedy says Kennedy says stress "  clearly , I think " played a role in Jackson 's outbreak of illness
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles survived what officials warned could have been a traffic nightmare this weekend when a section of one of the nation 's busiest freeways , closed for construction , was reopened ahead of schedule Sunday . "  Carmadegeddon , shmarmageddon , " said Los Angeles County Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky , as he and Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa announced at midday Sunday that Interstate 405 would reopen 17 hours before Monday 's morning rush hour begins . Despite Los Angeles ' reputation as "  the car capital of the United States of America , the congestion capital , the city most addicted to the single-passenger automobile , " motorists found alternatives to driving for the weekend , Mayor Villaraigosa said . A 10-mile segment of the freeway was closed Friday night to allow crews to demolish a section of bridge to make way for a car pool lane . Workers completed the demolition faster than expected , Mayor Villaraigosa said Sunday morning . "  The fact that we were able to do it sooner meant that things went very , very smoothly , " Villaraigosa said Sunday . "  Had they not , we might have had this press conference on Monday afternoon . " Barriers that had detoured northbound and southbound traffic away from the 405 since late Friday were removed at noon Sunday , with the opening of interchanges and ramps to follow . The real story may be how Los Angeles residents reacted to dire warnings to keep their cars parked or else get struck in predicted gridlock that Yaroslavsky had dubbed Carmadegeddon . The number of cars driving on Los Angeles roads dropped a dramatic two-thirds Saturday , Yaroslavsky said . "  I propose a yearly carmageddon holiday ! What a lovely chill summer day in Santa Monica , " resident Novena Carmel said in a Twitter posting Saturday afternoon . Yaroslavsky and Villaraigosa both agreed Sunday , sounding as if they were only half-joking . "  I like the idea of us taking a time out once a year , " Villaraigosa said . "  I think everybody has realized that we can get out of our car once in a while and survive . " The mayor said he was pleased with reports of "  people going to their neighborhood restaurants , going to a coffee shops , talking with neighbors , having family dinners or barbecues that they might not otherwise have done in the rat race that we live in . " In fact , the city will do it again in 11 months when the second half of the Mulholland bridge is demolished to complete the expansion project . While fear of gridlock motivated the change in habits this time , Yaroslavsky suggested Los Angeles residents may have learned an unexpected lesson . "  I think a lot of people in Los Angeles have learned that you can get along without taking long rides in your cars on weekends these past couple of days , " he said . "  There 's a feeling in Los Angeles that if you do n't get in your car on a weekend that you 're somehow being cheated of something . " Demolition of a section of the southern half of the Mulholland bridge , necessary to make room for a northbound car pool lane , was expected to keep the freeway closed for 53 hours , ending at 5 a.m. Monday , the start of the morning rush hour . Crews closed ramps late Friday on the 405 , where it passes over the Santa Monica Mountains , California Department of Transportation officials said . The $ 1.2 billion construction project calls for replacing a portion of a bridge at Mulholland Drive , a mountain summit road that is featured in many Hollywood films , authorities said . A year from now , crews will have to shut down the 405 again to replace a final portion of the Mulholland Drive bridge , officials said . The project also calls for adding a car-pool lane in each direction , creating "  the largest HOV system in the world " at 48.6 miles in length between the San Fernando Valley and Orange County , said Mike Miles , the California Department of Transportation 's director for Los Angeles and Ventura counties . The two-year project will replace two more bridges , also to accommodate the widening of the 405 , and will improve about two dozen on-off ramps and add 18 miles of sound-deadening walls for nearby residents , Miles said . The 405 is usually one of the busiest freeways in the country , carrying about 500,000 cars a day through the Sepulveda Pass , a critical artery connecting Californians along the coast . The 405 achieved notoriety on national television as the corridor that former NFL player O.J. Simpson used as he was being slowly chased by police in 1994 . The highway also cuts through the west side of Los Angeles , an area that includes the high-status communities of Bel Air , Brentwood , Beverly Hills and Santa Monica . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Sara Weisfeldt , Sonya Hamasaki and Zohreen Adamjee contributed to this report .	NEW : Interstate 405 reopened 17 hours ahead of schedule NEW : Los Angeles traffic dropped by two-thirds because of dire gridlock warnings NEW : "  We can get out of our car once in a while and survive , " Mayor Villaraigosa says "  Carmegeddon " was not the traffic nightmare predicted for Los Angeles drivers
CNN  -- Croatia held off a furious late onslaught from Euro 2008 co-hosts Austria to win 1-0 in their opening Group B match in Vienna on Sunday . Emmanuel Pogagtetz , left , fouls Croatia striker Ivica Olic to concede the match-winning penalty . The Croatians took the lead in the fourth minute when midfielder Luka Modric coolly slotted home from the penalty spot after Emmanuel Pogatetz clumsily body-checked striker Ivica Olic in the area . Slaven Bilic 's team dominated the first half , and should have gone further ahead in the 35th minute but Olic 's strike partner Mladen Petric blazed over the bar with a left-foot volley after beating the offside trap to run on to Vedran Corluka 's cross . Austria 's main threat had come from set-pieces , but they were not able to capitalize on a string of corners . However , the home players kept battling in the second half and squandered a series of chances to level the score in the final 15 minutes . Martin Harnik fired over the bar on 78 as Croatia scrambled to clear the danger , then substitute Ivica Vastic had a powerful header well saved by goalkeeper Stipe Pletikosa , who then kept out another low effort by the veteran midfielder . Pletikosa also had to deny a driven shot from Umit Korkmaz , who also came off the bench , while another substitute in Roman Kienast flicked a header just wide from a free kick in the third minute of time added on . Croatia went into the tournament as one of the outside bets , having qualified top of their group ahead of Russia with a victory away to England which eliminated the British team . However , their chances of success were dealt a massive blow when top scorer Eduardo da Silva was ruled out of the tournament due to a broken leg . None of Croatia 's strikers managed to score in the warmup matches , and the Arsenal forward 's goal-poaching ability was sorely missed on Sunday . The winning goal came after Modric and Olic combined down the left wing from a throw-in , and Pogatetz clearly impeded the striker well away from the Austria goal . The Middlesbrough defender was booked for protesting the referee 's decision , but he could have no complaints with the ruling . Austria are the lowest-ranked of the 16 teams at the tournament in 92nd place , but showed great courage against a 15th-seeded Croatia side stacked with attacking talent . But they joined fellow co-hosts Switzerland in losing their opening match , following the Czech Republic 's 1-0 victory on Saturday . Croatia next play Germany on Thursday , when Austria take on Poland . Coach Bilic was delighted to start with a victory , but was not so impressed with his team 's performance . "  Some players were overwhelmed by playing at a great tournament but we started off with the best possible way -- with a win , " Bilic told reporters . "  In the first 35 minutes we played excellently , of course the early lead contributed to that . "  They exerted more pressure in the second half and I 'm sure that is not to do with a lack of strength from our players . But we confined ourselves to our penalty area too early . "  The last 15 minutes or so when they play all or nothing , you can do that -- but we started in the 60th minute or so . I did n't think the players were happy when they got back in the dressing room . I turned on the CD player and said they should sing because they won . " Austria coach Josef Hickersberger was left frustrated by his side 's failure to take their chances . "  This was the worst possible start you can have in an opening match of a major tournament , " he said . "  We took some time to recover , during the first 30 minutes we were nervous . "  For the rest of the match we were playing the way we should have been playing . We even dominated in the second half of the match . We had good opportunities but unfortunately we were n't able to score a goal , so we are empty-handed . In our remaining games we need four points to go through . " Austria : Jurgen Macho ; Sebastian Proedl , Emanuel Pogatetz , Martin Stranzl ; Joachim Standfest , Rene Aufhauser , Andreas Ivanschitz , Jurgen Saumel , Ronald Gercaliu ; Martin Harnik , Roland Linz . Croatia : Stipe Pletikosa ; Ivan Corluka , Robert Kovac , Josip Simunic , Danijel Pranjic ; Darijo Srna , Niko Kovac , Luka Modric , Niko Kranjcar ; Ivica Olic , Mladen Petric .	Croatia beat Euro 2008 co-hosts Austria 1-0 in opening Group B match Luka Modric scores fourth-minute penalty after striker Ivica Olic is fouled Austria battle back in the second half but miss a series of late chances Croatia next play Germany on Thursday , while Austria take on Poland
Just hours before the 2012 NFL season kicks off , a new study suggests that professional football players are three times more likely to have neurodegenerative diseases than the general population . When researchers specifically looked at Alzheimer 's disease and ALS -- amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease -- that risk increased to four times greater than the rest of us . The study , published Wednesday in the medical journal Neurology , surveyed nearly 3,500 retired NFL players who were in the league between 1959 and 1988 . The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health , a division of the Centers for Disease Control , had been following this group of players since the early '90s , when the NFL asked the institute to evaluate them for their risk of cardiovascular disease . This time , the authors decided to look at the neurological outcomes of the players by specifically evaluating the autopsies of 334 players . "  We looked at all the death certificates , and Parkinson 's , Alzheimer 's and ALS had significant contribution to the death , " according to study co-author Everett Lehman . When tallying those specific diseases , the authors found that among the 334 players , seven had died from Alzheimer 's and another seven with ALS . Three players had died with Parkinson 's disease , but the authors did n't find that to be significant when compared with the larger population . The average age of the players who had died was 57 . Those numbers may seem small , but as Lehman explains , "  these are generally rare diseases , especially at the younger age . Even when looking at the general population , you 're generally going to have small numbers . " However , the numbers , although small , were still considered statistically significant , according to Lehman , an epidemiologist at the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health . More than 2,000 former professional football players are currently suing the NFL , claiming that the league "  downplayed and misrepresented the issues and misled players concerning the risks associated with concussions . " The NFL has repeatedly stated that player safety is a priority and that "  any allegation that the NFL intentionally sought to mislead players has no merit . " Ohio State linebacker choosing career over concussions While the study published Wednesday did not examine players ' concussion history of the players , researchers did investigate whether the position played made a difference . The study authors found that players in speed positions like wide receivers and running backs were three times more likely to develop neurodegenerative disease than players in non-speed or lineman positions . "  There 's a lot of velocity , " Lehman said . However , "  We have to be very careful and note that we do n't know if this is a result of concussions , " says Jeffrey Kutcher , associate professor of neurology at the University of Michigan . "  Are these increased risks because of exposure to contact ? In their words , there 's an assumption that there is causality there . I think a general lifestyle of playing sport at a competitive level is abusive . It 's hard to do physically and mentally . " In addition , genetics and family history may also be factors for dementia and Alzheimer 's but were n't accounted for in the study . Studies have linked repeated concussions in football players to chronic traumatic encephelopathy , a neurodegenerative disease with Alzheimer 's - like symptoms . Those symptoms can include depression , memory loss and mood swings . Former Chicago Bears safety David Duerson , who committed suicide , was diagnosed with CTE postmortem . It can be diagnosed only after death . Player 's text : Send my brain to NFL research bank Research on CTE shows commonalities with ALS and Alzheimer 's , and examining the neurodegenerative diseases might be the best way to look at it , Lehman said . "  CTE maybe one of the outcomes or causes , but we just ca n't tell . " Dr. Julian Bailes , co-director of the NorthShore Neurological Institute and chair of the Pop Warner Medical Advisory Board , said , "  A study like this is very limited in its scope and how deep they can dig down . It 's merely an observation in reporting in cause and death , and you can only draw so much -- but it supports in general a trend that we 've seen , that neurodegenerative disease impacts football players . " Dr. Bob Stern , a professor of neurology and neurosurgery at Boston University , agrees . "  In general , it provides further evidence that repetitive brain trauma is associated with the development of neurodegenerative disease , like CTE , later in life , " he said . Asked about the new study , the NFL said in a statement : "  Well before this study was released , the NFL took significant steps to address head injuries in football , provide medical and financial assistance to our retired players , and raise awareness of the most effective ways to prevent , manage and treat concussions . " The league announced Wednesday that it had awarded a $ 30 million unrestricted grant to the National Institutes of Health to support research into CTE , concussion management and treatment , as well as examining the relationship between traumatic brain injuries and late-life neurodegenerative disorders , including Alzheimer 's .	NFL players more likely to develop Alzheimer 's , ALS than general population Study authors found quarterbacks , running backs had three times greater risk Neurology expert says concussions may not be the cause
CNN  -- When Bono wrote the song "  Walk On , " he probably was n't foreshadowing wandering the streets of Canada at the mercy of a passers-by . But that 's where the legendary U2 singer found himself Tuesday , stuck on the side of the road near Vancouver , his thumb extended in hopes of catching a lift . His chariot arrived in the form of a ride that brought him to his destination and turned the self-described rugby player on to Canada 's favorite sport . "  I like ice hockey , because people who play ice hockey are the kind of people who pick up hitchhikers , " Bono told a concert crowd Wednesday in Edmonton , Alberta , as seen in a video posted on YouTube . "  I know this from personal experience . " Bono and his assistant were out for a walk when , according to numerous reports , it started to rain . The U2 frontman/hitchhiker said that Edmonton Oilers player Gilbert Brule and his girlfriend were driving in a truck when they spotted the forlorn traveler . Kelsey Nichols told CNN affiliate CTV , that she did n't believe her boyfriend , Brule , that the hitchhiker was Bono . "  I said no , we 're not picking up a hitchhiker . We 're going to die , " she said later , with a smile . "  There 's no way . " But Nichols , who was driving , changed her mind and turned around . According to the Edmonton Sun , the couple had set out for a local park to walk their German Shepherd -- a dog that eventually shared space in the back of the truck with the singer and his assistant . "  He was very cool , " Bono said of Brule , describing him as a "  very modest man . " "  He said , ` Where do you want to go ? ' And I said , ` Just take me to where The Edge is ' " -- a reference to U2 's well-known guitarist . During his Edmonton show Wednesday , Bono said that he had decided "  that I now want to be Gilbert Brule , " a five-year NHL veteran center who scored seven goals in 41 games last season with the Oilers . He then went on to cast his bandmates as other members of the Oilers ' franchise , dating to its 1980s heyday as a juggernaut on ice . The lead singer decreed that Larry Mullen , U2 's drummer , would be Mark Messier , who won five Stanley Cups with Edmonton and another with the New York Rangers . Bassist Adam Clayton was dubbed Grant Fuhr , in honor of the famed ex-Oilers ' goalie . As to The Edge -- who was born as David Evans -- "  he 's kind of the Great One , " Bono decided in casting him as nine-time league MVP , Wayne Gretzky . Brule , who flew from Vancouver to Edmonton so he could go backstage at Wednesday 's concert , told CTV that he was "  star struck " upon meeting the rock star and taking him to Horseshoe Bay . "  I could n't believe he said that , " said Brule of Bono 's gushing praise . "  That was insane -- I think I want to be him . "	NEW : Gilbert Brule says it 's "  insane " that Bono said he wanted to be the hockey player Bono tells a concert crowd he was picked up while hitchhiking in Vancouver Brule , an Edmonton Oiler , and his girlfriend gave the U2 singer a ride Bono says : "  I like ice hockey , because  players  are the kind of people who pick up hitchhikers "
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A light-weight gun named after an Indian gang rape victim has triggered a wave of criticism from advocates who call it "  abhorrent . " Last week , an Indian state-run gunmaker introduced the .32 - calibre revolver , made of titanium alloy , calling it a "  valuable contribution to women 's security . " The 500-gram firearm is called Nirbheek , meaning fearless in Hindi . The name was "  inspired by Nirbhaya , " said Abdul Hamied , the general manager of the Indian Ordnance Field Gun Factory . Nirbhaya is the name given by the Indian media to the 23-year-old woman who was raped and beaten by several men aboard a public bus on December 16 , 2012 . She later died . The brutal attack provoked outrage across India and led to calls for improved safety and treatment of women . Hamied said the project was conceived more than two years ago -- before the bus rape happened . "  It can serve as a deterrence , " Hamied said . "  There 's something you can do to prevent these attacks . You can also enthuse confidence among women . " The lightness of the revolver makes it more suitable for women , he said , adding that he expected male buyers as well . Since its introduction last week , the factory has sold just 10 of the Nirbheek weapons . Wrong message Binalakshmi Nepram , founder of the Control Arms Foundation of India , described the new gun as "  an insult . " "  Women in India feel this gun is not going to help in security , " she said . "  And we do not believe the gun is a solution to ending sexual violence . " She added that it sent the wrong message . Rather than prioritizing security for women , "  the government is introducing expensive weaponry to sit in handbags . It 's an abhorrence to women , " she said . The gun costs 122,000 rupees ,  around $ 2,000  , putting it above India 's average annual per capita income , which is around $ 1,410 . When asked what kind of the clientele Hamied was looking for the new handgun , he conceded it was likely unaffordable for those outside middle and upper income groups . "  It 's not for poor women , " he said . Owning guns India also has strict controls on gun ownership , with licenses difficult to obtain . "  Gun licenses are given rarely -- only to those with money and clout , and that means overwhelmingly men . Poor women in India are unlikely to have the means or the access to own a gun , " said Ruchira Gupta , a women 's rights activist who is founder of Apne Aap Women Worldwide . Aside from the guns being out of reach for poor women , Gupta agreed it projected the wrong message . "  Nirbhaya was a victim of violence caused by a desire of six men to project their masculinity through domination . Ultimately we have to challenge the culture of domination and violence through nonviolence not through introducing more tools of violence , " she said . So far , the gun factory in the northern Indian city of Kanpur has received 50 to 60 inquiries about the product , Hamied said . He did n't have a breakdown of how many of the gun 's potential buyers were women . Madison Park wrote and reported in Hong Kong . Harmeet Shah Singh reported in New Delhi .	New gun for women in India raises criticisms Gun is named after gang rape victim , who has been called "  Nirbhaya " Gun control advocate calls gun "  an insult " to women
CNN  -- Scott Peterson was convicted November 12 , 2004 , for the deaths of his wife , Laci Peterson , and their unborn child . He may be locked up in San Quentin State Prison and facing the death penalty , but he is not cut off from the outside world . Sharon Rocha , mother of Laci Peterson , says Scott Peterson should n't be blogging from San Quentin . Peterson has a personal Web site that includes photos of him and Laci . It also links to his family 's Web site and that Web site includes a blog message from Scott discussing what he calls his "  wrongful conviction . " Sharon Rocha , Laci Peterson 's mother , appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Thursday to talk about his Web site and what she thinks of her former son-in-law . Some highlights : Larry King : What do you make of all this ? Sharon Rocha : Well . First of all , I think I could say that being on death row is supposed to eliminate a lot of rights and privileges of the inmates . In the whole scope of things , this is a very minute matter , but it is n't right that they should have access to the Internet , either direct access or through somebody else . Watch Rocca discuss Scott Peterson with Larry King " King : How and when did you first find out about Scott having this Web page ? Rocha : Just a couple of days ago . A friend of mine had told me about it . King : Have you seen the page ? Rocha : I have . And I understand it 's the family blog , which , you know , they 're entitled to have that . But I still feel that it 's not right that Scott has the ability to speak on the Internet through his family or friends or whomever . King : So you think a family blog is OK ? Rocha : Everybody 's entitled , you know , to their opinion , and I see nothing wrong with having a family blog . King : He has only two blog entries on his personal page . One says he 's encouraged by the mail he receives and he enjoys hearing from people . His prison mail address is also posted . What do you think of that ? Rocha : Well , I think that is public knowledge . There are different Web sites that you can go to get that prison . But as far as being encouraged from other people , I 'm sure he is . But the point is I do n't think he should be able to access the Internet , either directly or through anybody else . King : Do you have any qualms about people writing to him ? Does it bother you at all ? Rocha : No , it does n't bother me . To be perfectly honest with you , Larry , I really do n't spend a lot of time thinking about Scott . I think about Laci all of the time , but I do n't give a lot of thought to Scott . King : In his first blog posting , Scott writes , "  some people have done things to profit off my wife and son having been taken from me and murdered . " How do you react to a statement like that ? Rocha : Well , that 's true . There have been a lot of people who have profited from that . But I do n't feel that he should be one of those because he 's responsible for Laci not being here . I know many inmates are claiming that it violates their rights , their right to freedom of speech not to be able to have communication with , through the Internet or what have you . But they are there for a reason and that reason is that they took the right of their victims . They took their freedom of speech away from them and literally slammed the lid on their opportunity to ever speak again . King : Have you complained to the prison or anybody in authority about all of this ? Rocha : No , I have n't . It 's not something that I 've even thought about . I read an article in "  The  Los Angeles  Times " about victims in other states who attempted to have legislation passed only to have it ruled as unconstitutional by a judge . So I do n't know if there 's really anything that can be done about it . King : So you have no recourse , in a sense . Rocha : At this time , it seems to be that way , unless there 's some new legislation that can actually be passed and not ruled unconstitutional . King : Frankly , Sharon , you do n't seem outraged . Rocha : Well , it is outrageous for this to even be happening . I just feel that , you know , it just does a great injustice to the victims and their families . They can no longer speak for themselves . And being on death row is supposed to eliminate an inmate 's privileges . And this just flies in the face of justice , as far as I 'm concerned , that OK , so they said they ca n't use the Internet , they go around it and they use it in another way . It is outrageous . I am outraged .	Laci Peterson 's mother : Scott Peterson should not have right to blog in prison Scott Peterson was convicted of deaths of Laci , their unborn child Sharon Rocha does n't spend a lot of time thinking about Scott , thinks about Laci
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- Mobile phone giant Nokia on Monday unveiled a phone with a powerful 41 Megapixel camera as it attempts to reposition itself back at the forefront of the mobile market . The phone is among a dazzling array of new gadgets unveiled so far at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , an annual event that showcases the industry 's latest innovations . Read more : ` Must-have gadgets ' at world 's biggest mobile show Among them is a Chinese phone that claims to be the world 's fastest and another that carries an in-built projector . The unrivaled camera capabilities of Nokia 's 808 PureView , which runs the company 's Symbian operating system , caused ripples of surprise among Congress delegates who predicted few surprises thanks to pre-event leaks and rumors . The 41 Megapixels put the phone in the same league -- in terms of photo resolution -- as professional cameras costing thousands of dollars . Reportedly priced at â ‚ ¬ 450  $ 600  , the device is due to be released in May , with the camera technology likely to be carried over to other Nokia phones . Nokia , which in recent years has seen its dominance of the global mobile market eroded by manufacturers such as Apple and BlackBerry , also launched a lower-cost version of its flagship Lumia phone range . The Nokia 610 , priced at â ‚ ¬ 189 , runs on the mobile version of Microsoft 's Windows 7 operating system . On Sunday , Chinese mobile maker Huawei made headlines with what it claims is the world 's fastest smartphone . The Ascend D quad features much-vaunted quad core technology -- twice the processing power of most new devices -- and runs Ice Cream Sandwich , the latest version of the Google-linked Android operating system . Read more : Jargon-busting mobile industry 's buzzwords It is expected to be released in China in coming months , but no dates for a roll out beyond Asia have been announced . Other hot gadget announcements include phones by Taiwanese manufacturer HTC . Its One X , One S and One V devices feature 4.3 inch screens made of toughened Gorilla glass and eight Megapixel cameras . Another surprise -- chiefly because the technology has proved unpopular in the past -- came in the shape of the Samsung Galaxy Beam , a phone featuring a built-in projector . The Android-powered device allows users to beam 50-inch wide video and photo images onto walls . Industry reviewers said the gadget appeared to work well during demonstrations in a darkened room . The as yet unpriced Galaxy Beam is expected to be in shops in the next few months . Barry Neild contributed to this story from London .	Nokia unveils smartphone featuring powerful 41 Megapixel camera Device among gadgets unveiled at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona Other new phones include Huawei device touted as "  world 's fastest "
Jerusalem woke up on Tuesday to horrific images of slain Jewish worshipers , and scores injured in a terror attack on a synagogue . The assault which took place in the western Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof , shocked Israel to the core , as well as many others around the world . This is not surprising considering both the brutality of the attack and the fact it was carried out in a holy place , where innocent religious people were worshiping . The two assailants , cousins from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber , were shot dead by the Israeli security forces . The incident in addition to the ongoing violence since the beginning of summer , left the city of Jerusalem more divided than for a long time . The attack this week should have also sent a clear message to both leaderships that if they will not take measures to calm the situation down , further escalation and worse violence is around the corner . Regrettably , the Hamas praised the attack in Jerusalem and the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the situation as the "  Battle for Jerusalem . " He also accused the Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas of involvement despite the latter 's condemnation of the killing . Both sides are employing inflammable language , although it is hard to blame the Palestinian president for feeling angry considering Israeli behavior since the collapse of the peace process in April . To make things worse , it emerged in recent days that Israel has also decided to return to a policy of demolishing houses of terrorists ' families , even if they were killed during the attack . The Israeli security establishment argues that this form of punishment serves as a deterrence for any other would-be assailants . Regardless of the fate they face , their families are going to pay a heavy price and will be left homeless . In a society where three generations of one family might live under the same roof , one act harms quite a few people , from babies to the elderly . To prove the seriousness of their intentions , the Israeli security forces already demolished a home on Wednesday . The home in Silwan was that of the Palestinian who drove his car into a crowd last month , killing two people . He was killed in the attack . The Army also moved to demolish the houses of the two who carried out the killing at the synagogue in Jerusalem . Ironically the policy of demolishing houses as a form of deterrence was abandoned back in 2005 at the request of the Israeli army . A report produced , following an investigation by the Israeli security establishment , found this action counter-productive . There is actually evidence that house demolition led to a rise in the number of attacks . House demolition of Palestinian militants ' houses is a form of collective punishment and an act of revenge , concealed behind a claim of deterrence . A similar "  standard " was never applied to a Jewish terrorist . For instance when a Jewish settler , Baruch Goldstein , slayed 29 Muslim worshipers in the Cave of Patriarchs , no one suggested to demolish his home as a deterrence . According to the Israeli human rights organization B'tselem , in the height of the Second Intifada , between 2001-2005 , 664 Palestinian homes were demolished in the occupied Palestinian territories as an apparent deterrence . There is no evidence that the misery inflicted on thousands of innocent Palestinians enhanced Israeli security . It is worth remembering that the demolition of Palestinian houses in the West Bank also takes place for the purpose of expanding settlements , something which aggravates an already hostile population . Arbitrary house demolitions represent not only a bad policy , but are also illegal and immoral . This is a clear violation of international law , more specifically the Fourth Geneva Convention , clearly prohibits forcing individuals and groups out of their homes within an occupied territory . Any demolition of houses when there are no overwhelming military reasons is regarded as a grave breach of the Geneva Convention and could potentially lead to a war crime charge . And there is also , of course , a moral aspect . As deplorable as some of the acts committed by a few individuals , their punishment should not extend beyond their death or what the court decides . Their families , as a result , suffered a loss too , for no fault of their own . To condemn them to destitution for an act that they did not commit is a moral travesty . The decision by the Israelis to resume Palestinian house demolition following an attack on Jews in Israel is not a security decision but a political one , aimed to satisfy an angry public and extreme right-wing members of the current coalition . The Israeli coalition depends on satisfying their demands . However , the lack of credibility of the deterrence argument , combined with the immorality and illegality of house demolitions should serve as an overwhelming reason not to resume this abysmal practice .	Two Palestinians carried out a deadly attack on a Jerusalem synagogue this week Israel later announced the homes of the attackers -- shot dead -- would be destroyed Yossi Mekelberg says such demolitions are immoral not proven to be effective He says the decision is aimed at satisfying an angry public and extreme right-wing lawmakers
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration wants to fine commuter jet operator Colgan Air for flying planes three years ago without giving crew members enough rest . In a letter to the airline released Friday , the FAA lays out 17 instances in which pilots or flight attendants flew without the required amount of off-duty rest time . It proposes a fine of $ 153,000 . FAA regulations require the airline to give each crew member 24 consecutive hours off every seven days . The FAA says that between June 14 , 2008 , and February 23 , 2009 , Colgan scheduled flight duty time for two captains , two first officers and six flight attendants on a seventh day after they had been on duty for the previous six days . The FAA said one of the captains operated four flights without adequate rest . Each of the other flight crew members operated one flight without meeting this rest requirement . Crews are also required to get time off after eight hours of flying . The FAA says that in 2008 Colgan had three flight attendants and one first officer work without this required time off . "  Colgan 's actions in assigning flight crew members and flight attendants to duties in scheduled air transportation without required rest ... were careless or reckless so as to endanger the lives and property of others , " writes Christian Lewerenz , an attorney for the FAA in the letter to Colgan . Last year , the FAA proposed fining Colgan nearly $ 1.9 million for allegedly allowing 84 flight attendants to fly for a week after the airline was informed they had been trained on fire extinguishers that were different from those used on their aircraft . In 2009 , Colgan Air Flight 3407 crashed near Buffalo , New York , killing 50 people . The National Transportation Safety Board report on the crash cited pilot error as a factor , adding , "  the pilots ' performance was likely impaired because of fatigue , but the extent of their impairment and the degree to which it contributed to the performance deficiencies that occurred during the flight can not be conclusively determined . " One of the crew rest violations cited Friday by the FAA took place the day after the crash . "  Safety is the top priority at Colgan , " wrote Joe Williams , spokesman for parent company Pinnacle Airlines in a statement to CNN . "  The proposed fine is based on actions that occurred more than three years ago . We believe we complied with all applicable duty and rest rules and will respond accordingly . " The airline has 30 days to reply to the FAA . The FAA in December announced new pilot flight , duty and rest rules that will go into effect in December 2013 . Colgan is a subsidiary of Pinnacle Airlines and flies small commuter jets for US Airways Express , United Express and Continental Connection . CNN 's Lizzie O'Leary contributed to this report .	Commuter jet operator Colgan Air did not give crews enough rest , the FAA says The agency lists 17 instances that occurred three years ago A 2009 crash involving Colgan Air involved pilot fatigue , an investigation found "  Safety is the top priority at Colgan , " a spokesman says
CNN  -- A Texas agency is installing videocameras and hiring security officers at a state school for mentally handicapped adults after allegations emerged that workers there staged "  fight club " battles among residents . Admissions to the Corpus Christi State School in Corpus Christi , Texas have been suspended . The Texas Department of Aging and Disability Services also announced Tuesday that it is suspending admissions to the Corpus Christi State School in Corpus Christi . A cell phone containing videos of the alleged abuse at the school was turned over to police last week , and authorities are expecting to file arrest warrants this week , Corpus Christi Police Capt. Tim Wilson said Tuesday . The incidents are believed to have taken place in a school dormitory , Wilson said , adding , "  this has been going on for some time . " Watch how the ` fight club ' scandal unfolded " The school 's workers "  are charged with the care and custody of these clients , and they are exploiting -LSB- them -RSB- , " he said . In addition to the videocameras , the Texas Department of Aging and Disability Services said it is increasing supervision of night shifts at the school . It also said state school representatives would be making random , unannounced inspections during evening and overnight shifts . Seven school employees have been placed on paid leave by the agency , according to department spokeswoman Cecilia Fedorov . Those employees are barred from coming onto the campus but must sign in at the gate every day they are on leave , she said . State officials are awaiting the outcome of the investigation to determine whether they should take further action , she said . Some former workers also will be interviewed , authorities said . Fedorov said the Department of Aging and Disability Services was told Friday by the state Department of Family and Protective Services that it was opening an investigation into possible abuse or neglect after being alerted to the situation by police . Wilson said those involved are likely to face charges of injury of a disabled person , which can range up to a third-class felony , depending on the extent of a person 's involvement . The actual charges , however , will be left up to the Nueces County district attorney , who is participating in the investigation along with the Texas Inspector General 's Office , he said . Corpus Christi police received the cell phone a week ago , Wilson said , after someone found it and gave it to an officer working security at a hospital . The officer looked at several of the videos and then gave the phone to the police 's forensic unit for analysis . More videos were found in the phone 's memory . "  It appears it was some sort of a fight club , " Wilson said . Twenty videos were found on the phone , with dates going back about a year . All the videos featured the school 's "  clients , " who are severely mentally handicapped , he said . On the videos , the clients "  are not upset like they are being forced , " Wilson said . "  They are being more goaded into it . There 's a lot of voices on there from workers ... saying , ` Look at that , ha ha ' ... laughing , stuff like that . " No clients are seen crying , upset or injured on the videos , he said , but none of the workers is seen stopping the fighting . "  The fighting entails pushing , wrestling and some shoving , " Wilson said . The Department of Aging and Disability Services said Tuesday that the residents in the images had been assessed and were found to be free of injuries . They are receiving additional counseling , the agency said . Wilson said that four or five clients had been identified , as well as at least five workers , possibly as many as 10 . The clients are all adult males , ranging in age from their late teens into their 30s , he said , and as part of the investigation , the inspector general 's office has interviewed some of them . Police believe , based on the videos , that the "  fight club " was confined to one dormitory , Wilson said . CNN 's Tracy Sabo and John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	Texas authorities install cameras in school for mentally disabled Admissions also suspended in wake of "  fight club " scandal Seven school employees placed on leave ; arrest warrants are pending
SAMSON , Alabama  CNN  -- "  Get home now . " Sheriff 's Deputy Josh Myers ' wife and toddler daughter were killed ; his son and baby daughter survived . Geneva County Sheriff 's Deputy Josh Myers quickly hung up the phone after he got his friend 's message on Tuesday and started for the town of Samson , having no idea what had happened to his wife or his three children . Then , another urgent message : "  We got notified on the radio that a trooper was chasing a suspect that had fired shots , " Myers told reporters on Wednesday . Instead of heading home , the deputy drove to Reliable Metal Products plant in the nearby town of Geneva , where he engaged in a shoot-out with the suspect , who then entered the building and shot and killed himself . Myers had no idea that 30 minutes earlier , the suspect had shot and killed his wife and 1 1/2 - year-old daughter , Corinne Gracy , and shot and wounded his 3-month-old baby girl , Ella Kay . They were victims of the bloodiest rampage in Alabama 's history , carried out by Michael McLendon , who killed 10 people before turning one of his guns on himself . A family friend found the couple 's 4-year-old son hiding in the Myers ' home after the shooting . Watch Josh Myers tell his story : "  I need help " " "  He was present when it happened , " Myers said . "  He knows something 's wrong . He asked where mama was , and I had to tell him she was with Jesus . This is going to take a long time to work through it . " Andrea Myers , 31 , was holding Ella Kay and talking with her neighbors on their porch across the street when the gunman -- identified by police as Michael McLendon -- opened fire . The neighbors turned out to be McLendon 's relatives , although it was unclear why he targeted them . He said his neighbor Alina Knowles saved his wounded daughter 's life . iReport.com : Officials investigate "  She ran up on the porch and got my baby girl and took her to safety , " Myers said . Knowles said she scooped up Myers ' crying 3-month-old daughter and ducked behind a minivan as McLendon cruised down an adjacent street , still firing at people . Read Knowles ' full account The 10 people McLendon killed before he shot himself to death included his mother , grandmother , other relatives and strangers . Ella Kay , who was shot in the leg , will have surgery on Wednesday at a hospital in Pensacola , Florida , to remove the bullet or shrapnel that is near her femoral artery , Myers said . A day after Tuesday 's shootings , Myers stood in front of his home , across the street from the house where his family was killed , and spoke to reporters . Watch report on Alabama rampage " "  It 's supposed to be me out here getting shot , not my family , " Myers said , speaking barely above a whisper . "  I 'd step out on the street any day and take a bullet for anybody in this community . Anybody . I take that risk when I go to work every day , I take that risk when I 'm off . "  Nobody 's family should have this done , " he added , holding pictures of his wife and daughters .	Deputy sees body of Alabama gunman having no idea what awaited him at home Josh Myers had responded to report trooper was chasing shooter Gunman killed Josh Myers ' wife and 18-month-old daughter on their porch Police say Michael McLendon killed 10 people that day in southern Alabama
Beijing , China  CNN  -- On Saturday at 6:37 p.m.  6:37 a.m. ET  , China is scheduled to launch its first female astronaut into space as part of a three-person crew . Liu Yang will join Jing Haipeng and Liu Wang as part of a three-person crew aboard the Shenzhou-9 spacecraft , which , if successful , will conduct a historic docking with China 's orbiting space module . Like Wang Yaping , the other woman considered for the coveted slot , Liu Yang is married , in her early 30s and chosen among China 's first batch of women astronauts because of her strong flying record and mental toughness . The launch of China 's first woman taikonaut  which combines the Chinese "  taikong , " or space , and the Greek "  nautes , " or sailor  into space would come exactly 49 years to the day that the former Soviet Union put its first woman , Valentina Tereshkova , into space . It 's about time . Read more about China 's historic launch Chinese women have been on a winning streak in various fields lately . Feng Shanshan , 22 , on Sunday became the first golfer from China to win a major tournament by topping the Wegmans LPGA tournament in New York . The Guangzhou resident , who began playing golf at the age of 10 , took home the $ 375,000 prize . Last year , Li Na became the first Asian-born tennis player to will a Grand Slam singles title by taking the French Open . Before long , she signed several million-dollar endorsement contracts for brands such as Rolex and Haagen-Dazs . They are following the footsteps of other sports stars , like Guo Jingjing , whose six Olympic medals , including four golds , have made her the most decorated female Olympic diver . Guo has smartly turned her good looks and diving prowess into fame and fortune . By the time she retired last year , she had collected commercial endorsements for McDonalds and other consumer brands worth millions of dollars . Marketing experts are tapping into the potential goldmine of female Chinese consumers . "  More than two-thirds  67 %  of women in China are employed , compared to 58 % in the U.S. , " writes Pully Chau , chairman and CEO for Draftfcb Greater China , a marketing and communications company . "  With greater economic power , Chinese women will also have greater spending power . " "  Chinese women have grand ambitions for their future , are rapidly climbing the corporate ladder and achieving equality in compensation , " Chau continued . Although Chinese women still face pressure to be traditional -- get married , have a child , appear meek and submissive , etc -- breaking the stereotype is no longer taboo . Many have risen from obscurity , pursued educations , started businesses , had divorces and become self-made multi-millionaires . According to Hurun Report 's annual rich list , half of the top 20 richest self-made women are Chinese . Among them is Wu Yajun , chairwoman and founder of Longfor Properties . She is China 's richest woman , with personal net worth of 42 billion yuan  $ 6.57 billion  . Fortune China 's 2012 "  40 under 40 " list of young entrepreneurs includes two Chinese businesswomen : Chen Chunhong , managing director of Yiyuan Environmental Group , ranks 12th , and Carol Chyau , founder and CEO of Shokay International , ranks 21st . Meng Xiaosi , vice president of the All-China Women 's Federation , said that China has over 29 million female entrepreneurs , or a quarter of the nation 's total . Over 41 % of them are self-employed and private business owners , she said . This is a reversal of fortune , considering China 's historical context . For centuries , Confucian thinking had relegated women in China to secondary and subordinate roles . "  At the early age of seven , according to the ancient practice , boys and girls did not occupy the same mat nor eat together , " wrote J. Dyer Ball in "  Things Chinese , " a book first published in 1925 . "  Woman is made to serve in China , and the bondage is often a long and bitter one : a life of servitude to her parents ; a life of submission to her parents-in-law at marriage ; and the looking forward to a life of bondage to her husband in the next world , for she belongs to the same husband there , and is not allowed to be properly married to another after his death . " Foot binding , although considered something of a beauty ritual , was perhaps the most shocking practice that condemned women to being powerless homemakers . After the communist takeover in 1949 , Chairman Mao Zedong banned feudal marriage and advocated gender equality . In 1950 , he announced a new marriage law , banning forced marriages , domestic abuse and concubinage . The law also gave women the right to divorce . "  Women hold up half the sky , " Mao declared famously . Women were also given access to an education and military training . "  Times have changed , and today men and women are equal , " Mao said in another occasion . "  Whatever men comrades can accomplish , women comrades can too . " At the height of the decade-long Cultural Revolution , the Maoist idea of gender equality was taken to the extreme . Men and women then dressed the same , wearing mostly baggy and monochromatic clothing . Pro-women advocacy failed to entirely subvert China 's male-centered society . Boys were still valued for their role in carrying on the family name . When China 's one-child policy was introduced in 1978 , it created unintended consequences , like forced abortion and gender imbalance . While women have been powerful players in China 's booming economy , they are still grossly underrepresented in politics . Today only one woman , Liu Yandong , sits as a full member of the ruling Politburo of the Communist Party . Five women in all have served in the powerful policy-making body . Only four out of the 35 members of the State Council , China 's government cabinet , are women . Although the constitution says that "  women enjoy equal rights with men in all spheres of life , " domestic violence , forced abortions and sterilizations , infanticides and sex trafficking remain intractable problems for females . CNN 's Jordan Lee contributed to this report .	Launch comes 49 years to the day after Russia sent Tereshkova into space China 's first woman in space comes same week woman wins China 's first major golf title Marketing experts are tapping into potential goldmine of female Chinese consumers
A puppy was used to lure two Amish girls into a car in upstate New York , with the captors plotting to enslave the sisters , authorities said . Nicole Vaisey , 25 , told investigators that she and her boyfriend , Stephen Howells II , 39 , were on a "  shopping trip " for "  slaves " when they allegedly kidnapped the girls , according to a detective . The girls were picked up at a vegetable stand outside the sisters ' family farm about 50 miles from the Canadian border on August 13 . New details about the abduction in Oswegatchie emerged during a preliminary hearing in St. Lawrence County on Thursday . Detective Sgt. Brooks Bigwarfe detailed the couples ' alleged plan and kidnapping of the girls , as related to him by Vaisey . "  They had been planning this for several weeks , " Bigwarfe said . Howells and Vaisey drove to the farm , pulled up to the stand in a location where they could n't be seen , and waited for the girls -- ages 6 and 12 -- to approach the car , Bigwarfe said . Howells allegedly scoped out the stand the previous week . Howells asked the girls whether they wanted to pet the dog , a Doberman pinscher-golden retriever mix named Kaleidoscope , police said . When the older sister grew suspicious , Bigwarfe said , Howells pushed the girls into the back of the car . "  When he started forcing them into the vehicle , they were both screaming and yelling , " Bigwarfe said . The girls were held captive for nearly 24 hours , during which they were handcuffed together , shackled to a bed and sexually abused , according to the sheriff 's department . With widening media coverage , a large police response in the area and an Amber Alert , though , Bigwarfe said the couple began to worry and decided it was too risky to keep the girls . Howells abandoned the two girls in an isolated area 12 miles from where they were being held , Bigwarfe said . "  There 's no doubt in my mind that if they were successful they were going to continue with future acts , " said Mary Rain , district attorney for St. Lawrence County . Howells ' attorney , Amy Dona , declined to comment Friday . Vaisey appeared at the hearing wearing a bulletproof vest , according to her lawyer , Bradford Riendeau . Riendeau alleged his client was in a master-slave relationship with Howells and that she was not the mastermind of the planned kidnapping . "  I do n't think she had any control over what went on in the relationship . That was the essential ground rule of it , " Riendeau alleged . "  He told her what to do . " Fowler Township Justice Paul Lamson ruled that there was reasonable cause to believe Vaisey committed a felony and ordered her held without bail . Howells waived his right to a hearing and did not appear in court Thursday . Howells also was being held without bail , Riendeau said . The two were charged with second-degree kidnapping and face up to 25 years in prison if convicted , according to Riendeau .	Couple used a puppy to lure two Amish sisters to a car , according to the sheriff 's department Couple was on a "  shopping trip " to turn the girls into "  slaves , " says a sheriff 's detective Girls were chained and sexually abused while in captivity Stephen Howells II , 39 , and Nicole Vaisey , 25 , are being held without bail
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , speaking to mobile tech leaders in Barcelona , said WhatsApp , the mobile messaging app purchased by the social media giant last week , was "  worth more than $ 19 billion . " Zuckerberg 's comments at Mobile World Congress , referencing the eye-watering price paid for WhatsApp , were met with surprise . But Zuckerberg said the company was "  a great fit for us . Already almost half-a-billion people love using WhatsApp for messaging and it 's the most engaging app we 've ever seen exist on mobile so far . "  It 's on a path to connecting a billion people . There are very few services in the world that can reach that level and they 're all incredibly valuable . " Zuckerberg said there were no plans to harvest data from WhatsApp messages , in answer to a question from the audience . "  That 's the service that people want , we would be silly to change it . " Asked if he thought concerns over privacy could be a problem for Facebook as it aims for greater global penetration , he said : "  The NSA issue is a real issue , especially for American internet companies . "  Trust is just such an important thing when you 're thinking about using any service where you 're going to share important and personal information . "  We continue to work to be sure we can share everything that the government is asking of us . " "  The government kind of blew it on this . Governments have a responsibility to protect folks and to also be transparent about what they 're doing and I think they 've just been way over the line in terms of sharing what they are doing . "  But they are only now starting to get to the range of where they should have been . I think this whole thing could have been avoidable and it would have been a lot better for the internet . " Asked if Facebook would consider bidding again for Snapchat , Zuckerberg said : "  After buying a company for $ 16 billion you 're probably done for a while . " Snapchat reportedly turned down a $ 3 billion offer from Facebook last year . Zuckerberg 's debut at the trade show , the biggest of its kind in the world , underlines the importance of mobile to the future of the social media giant . While audience interest was in WhatsApp , Zuckerberg -- on stage with technology journalist and writer David Kirkpatrick -- was at the show to promote Facebook 's work with Internet.org . Facebook partnered with technology leaders , nonprofits , local communities and experts for the initiative . Zuckerberg said the goal of Internet.org is to ensure everyone in the world has access to the internet in some form , either for a small cost or for free . He said this could be achieved by improving mobile infrastructure and reducing the amount of data required to use services . "  Most people in the world do n't have access to the internet at all ... it 's about 2.7 billion people today . It 's growing way slower than you would imagine . Our vision is to try to connect everyone . " Earlier Monday , Facebook announced it would help roll out an online education program in Rwanda . The deal , which will initially be offered to university students , has been done in partnership with telecommunications giant Airtel , which is providing free educational data for a year to those who sign up and Nokia , which is offering discounted smartphones to those participating . Pamela Clark-Dickson , senior analyst at Informa , said Zuckerberg 's appearance in Barcelona made sense given that mobile is key to Facebook 's strategy . "  It gives him the opportunity to engage with key mobile operator partners , which will be important in the wake of Facebook 's acquisition of WhatsApp , " she said . "  Mobile operators will be keen to discuss with and to learn from Zuckerberg his plans for developing Facebook further as a service from which he can generate revenues from mobile . " Clark-Dickson said the announcement in Barcelona by WhatsApp CEO Jan Koum that the messaging service will add voice calls to its product in the second quarter of 2014 will also be something that mobile operators will want to talk to Zuckerberg about .	Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg speaks at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona During his speech , Zuckerberg said WhatsApp was ` worth more than $ 19 billion ' It is his first appearance at the show and come a week after Facebook bought WhatsApp Analysts said it underlined Facebook 's commitment to mobile tech
CNN  -- The Arab League is a step closer to asking the U.N. Security Council to consider a plan designed to forge peace in restive Syria , a senior Arab League official told CNN Saturday . Five Arab League ministers meeting in Doha , Qatar , drafted a resolution calling for the end of violence and approving an observatory mission in Syria , engulfed by a brutal anti-government crackdown for nine months that has left 5,000 people dead . The plan will be considered Wednesday by league foreign ministers . If they approve it , it could be sent to the U.N. Security Council . The official , who wanted to remain anonymous because he is not authorized to speak on the issue , said the resolution does not include any mention of military intervention . This comes as 41 people were slain on Saturday by government security forces cracking down on anti-regime elements , an activist group said . Eight of the dead were members of the Free Syrian Army , the rebel force comprised of military defectors . World powers have deplored the government 's activity , and they are looking for ways to rein in violence and urgently contain the threat of civil war , reflected from the emergence of the armed defector force . The Arab League has devised and promoted a plan to send an observatory team to Syria weeks ago . It tried to get Syria 's approval to go along with it . But the regime has raised objections and called for caveats to the resolution , and the league says the Bashar al-Assad regime has procrastinated in dealing with the proposal . The Syrian government 's repression of unrest has triggered criticism as well as from the Arab League , which expelled Syria last month and has been pushing to send monitors into Syria . Sanctions against Syria have been initiated by the United States , the European Union , Turkey and the league . The passage of a U.N. Security Council resolution would require an approval by two permanent council members -- Russia , a longtime ally of Syria , and China , both of whom have rejected tough action at the U.N. toward Syria . Russia has taken a stab at resolving the issue at the United Nations this week . Moscow introduced a draft resolution this week that , it says , "  considerably strengthens " previous drafts "  with regard to the interest in violence , with regard to the need to uphold human rights , with regard to expediting reforms . " The resolution "  strongly condemns " violence "  coming from all parties , including disproportionate use of force by Syrian authorities . " It also would "  give a strong message to the Arab League that we encourage them to continue their efforts , and working together with the government of Syria , and to carry out its plans to deploy the monitoring mission in Syria , " Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said Thursday at the United Nations . Itar - Tass , the Russian state news agency , reported that Syria 's Vice President Farouk al-Sharaa was to meet with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Friday to discuss ways to forge peace . But Interfax , a Russian news agency , later said Lavrov denied reports about the talks and quoted a Syrian official in Moscow as saying he knows nothing about the possible time of the visit . Iraq has sent a delegation to Damascus with a peace proposal , Iraqi state media reported Saturday . Activists say fighting has raged virtually every day and unrest also rippled across the country on Saturday . Among the 41 deaths Saturday were three children and a woman . The group said military and security forces also stormed towns in Hama and Aleppo provinces . The military defectors died in the Damascus province town of Zabadani , where civilians protesting the al-Assad regime have conducted a general strike , the LCC said . Security forces , including snipers , have been opening fire on houses and private vehicles in the town , said the LCC . The two defectors were members of the Free Syrian Army , the rebel force of army defectors who are taking up arms against the government . The LCC identified one of the soldiers as Lt. Col. Alaa Yahya . The Free Syrian Army struck government forces this week and killed 27 of them Thursday in a southern province , anti-government sources said . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 41 people died Saturday Arab League to consider peace plan on Wednesday More than 5,000 people have been killed in Syria , the U.N. says Diplomats are looking for ways to end the conflict
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A two-year legal battle over who was responsible for Michael Jackson 's sudden death came to a dramatic close Monday as a California jury found Dr. Conrad Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter . Dr. Murray appeared to show no emotion as the verdict was read by court clerk Sammi Benson , but La Toya Jackson , the late pop icon 's sister , let out a loud , but short , scream . A loud celebration erupted among Jackson fans outside of the downtown Los Angeles County courthouse , where emotions ran so high at least one woman fainted . Murray was immediately handcuffed and taken away by deputies after Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor denied bail . "  This is not a crime involving a mistake of judgment . ... This was a crime where the end result was the death of a human being , " Pastor said in explaining his decision to remand Murray to police custody . "  That factor demonstrates rather dramatically that the public should be protected . " Sentencing was set for November 29 , with Murray facing up to four years in prison on the conviction . Defense attorney Ed Chernoff told CNN the defense team 's main job right now is to prepare for sentencing and limit the amount of time that Murray spends in jail . "  What matters most right now is trying to keep Dr. Murray from taking up a prison cell in this community , " Chernoff said . "  That 's what we 're focusing on right now and we 'll deal with an appeal after that . " When asked if he was shocked by the verdict , Chernoff said , "  No . " Another of Murray 's lawyers , Nareg Gourjian , told CNN on Monday night the outcome may have been different had the defense been able to introduce additional evidence -- like on Jackson 's past drug use and "  financial condition . " Gourjian described his client as "  devastated " by the verdict , adding Murray is trying to stay positive with more legal options ahead of him . "  We 're hoping that the appeals court will have something to say about this , " the lawyer said . Murray served as Jackson 's personal physician as Jackson prepared for his comeback concerts , with Murray giving him the surgical anesthetic propofol to help him sleep nearly every night for the last two months of his life , according to testimony . Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , was caused by "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with two sedatives , the Los Angeles County coroner ruled . The verdict followed about nine hours of jury deliberations , which began Friday morning in the downtown Los Angeles County courthouse . Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley thanked jurors "  for their hard work and thoughtful deliberation , " and expressed gratitude that they recognized the "  overwhelming " evidence against Murray in finding him guilty . Prosecutor Michael Walgren personally expressed his sympathies to the Jackson family who he said lost "  not a pop icon , but a son and brother . " Fans gathered outside of the courthouse ahead of the verdict with signs of support for Jackson including one banner that read , "  We miss Michael . " The crowd began celebrating once word of the guilty verdict reached them , chanting "  Rest in peace . " Passing cars honked their horns , as people nearby hugged , cried and yelled out in joy . An emotional La Toya Jackson on Monday thanked all those involved in the trial , calling the decision a "  victory . " "  Everybody was wonderful , " La Toya Jackson told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell as she left the Los Angeles courthouse . Crowd outside erupts in jubilations The seven men and five women on the jury heard 49 witnesses over 23 days , including Murray 's girlfriends and patients , Jackson 's former employees , investigators and medical experts for each side . A statement released by Jackson 's estate Monday said that "  justice has been served . " Defense lawyers contended the matter was a negligence case that should instead be heard by the state medical board . "  If it were anybody else but Michael Jackson , would this doctor be here today ? " lead defense lawyer Ed Chernoff asked in his closing . Jurors were left to decide if the propofol overdose was infused into Jackson 's blood by a steady intravenous drip , as the prosecution contended , or if Jackson injected himself using a syringe left nearby by Murray , as the defense argued . "  He was just a little fish in a big , dirty pond , " Chernoff said , pointing the finger at other doctors who treated Jackson , and Jackson himself . Deputy District Attorney David Walgren attacked the defense for trying to blame "  everybody but Conrad Murray , poor Conrad Murray . " "  If allowed more time to argue , I am sure they would find a way to blame Michael 's son , Prince , " Walgren said in his closing rebuttal . Walgren painted Murray as a selfish doctor who agreed to take $ 150,000 a month to give Jackson nightly infusions of propofol in his home , something prosecutors argued an ethical doctor would never do because of the dangers . Murray 's license to practice medicine is now suspended , according to the Medical Board of California , which decides if a doctor can legally work in the state . In the light of the conviction , the board now will open an investigation to determine whether or not to fully revoke Murray 's right to practice medicine in the state , spokeswoman Jennifer Simoes said . The main criteria in deciding whether to revoke , suspend or take other action against any doctor is assessing how substantial a crime is related to the practice of medicine . There is no timeline as to when the board might act regarding Murray , said Simoes . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	NEW : Murray 's lawyer say the verdict may have been different if other evidence was allowed Jury finds Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter He faces four years in prison on the conviction Murray 's attorneys said case was not a criminal matter
CNN  -- Russian tennis chief Shamil Tarpischev apologized Saturday for referring to Serena and Venus Williams as the "  Williams brothers " during a TV chat show . Tarpischev , who is also a member of the International Olympic Committee  IOC  , has already been carpeted by the WTA for "  insulting and demeaning " remarks about the American siblings , being hit with a $ 25,000 fine and a one-year ban from tennis activities . Tarpischev is the chairman of the Kremlin Cup tournament in Moscow which is finishing this weekend and has held a string of leading positions in sports administration . He made the faux pas on a light night talk show in Russia -- Evening Urgant -- sitting next to former WTA star Elena Dementieva . When the subject of how difficult it was to beat the Williams sisters -- Serena has 18 grand slam titles and Venus seven -- Tarpischev made his controversial comments . After a translation of his remarks became public , the WTA responded immediately and its chief Stacey Allaster pulled no punches . "  The statements made by Shamil Tarpischev on Russian television with respect to two of the greatest athletes in the history of women 's tennis are insulting , demeaning and have absolutely no place in our sport , " she said . "  I have ordered Mr. Tarpischev to be fined $ 25,000 , the maximum allowed under WTA rules . In addition , he will be suspended from any involvement with the WTA for one year and we are seeking his removal from his position as Chairman of the Board of the Kremlin Cup for one year . " Tarpischev claimed he had not intended to insult the sisters and that his remarks were light hearted . "  Serena and Venus  Williams  are without doubts outstanding athletes , " he said in a statement released by Russia 's tennis federation . "  The situation that has spontaneously emerged during the late night chat show had a bad influence on the perception of tennis in general and splits our friendly and cohesive team . "  I 'm sorry that the joke which was taken out of context and attracted so much attention , " he added . Tarpischev 's U.S. counterpart David Haggerty , the president of the USTA , was angered by the remarks and issued a strongly worded condemnation . "  As the President of the Russian Tennis Federation and a member of the International Olympic Committee , Mr. Tarpischev is expected to conduct himself with the highest degree of integrity and sportsmanship . Unfortunately , his comments do not embody either of these traits and in fact were reprehensible , " he said . Meanwhile , Serena Williams was handed a tough task when the draw was made Saturday for the WTA Tour Finals in Singapore . She heads the Red Group , which also contains Simona Halep and Eugenie Bouchard , two of the most promising young players in world tennis , and former world number one Ana Ivanovic . The White Group is topped by second seed Maria Sharapova and she is joined by Caroline Wozniacki , Agnieszka Radwanska and the in-form Petra Kvitova . Williams , who has capped her season by winning the U.S. Open title , beating Wozniacki in the final , is desperate to finish her year by claiming the prestigious title for a third straight year . "  I think everyone here is here to win . Everyone here is tough . Every match is going to be tough , so you have to be ready for that , " Williams told the official WTA website ahead of the start of the tournament Monday . The race to claim the final places in the men 's ATP Tour Finals in London next month is also hotting up with Britain 's Andy Murray doing his chances no harm by reaching the final of the Austrian Open in Vienna . He beat Viktor Troicki of Serbia 6-4 6-3 and will play rival and top seed David Ferrer in the final . Both men are battling for a spot but Ferrer had to dig deep to beat German fourth seed Philipp Kohlschreiber in a third set tiebreaker . Only three spots are still on offer for the finals after U.S. Open winner Marin Cilic booked his place by reaching the semifinals of the Kremlin Cup .	Russian federation chief apologizes to Serena and Venus Williams Shamil Tarpischev had referred to the pair as ` brothers ' in a TV show Serena has tough draw in WTA finals in Singapore Andy Murray and David Ferrer into final of ATP tournament in Vienna
CNN  -- Another body was found in the same 92-acre parcel west of Albuquerque , New Mexico , where the remains of 10 other people have been discovered , police said Thursday . An Albuquerque , New Mexico , police forensics team member digs at the burial site . The latest discovery was made Tuesday , and the remains were recovered Wednesday , Albuquerque police spokesman John Walsh said . Like the others , it was sent to the New Mexico Office of the Medical Investigator , he said . A woman walking her dog found the first bodies earlier this month on the property , which had been graded in preparation for development . The graves are on about 10 acres , police spokeswoman Nadine Hamby said earlier , but that area keeps expanding . So far , 11 bodies have been found , including those of a first-trimester fetus with those of a pregnant woman . Police believe the bodies were buried sometime in the earlier part of the decade , Walsh said Thursday . Authorities have identified two of the remains , Walsh said . Body No. 8 belongs to Gina Valdez , who was born in 1982 , he said . Valdez was pregnant , and the remains of her fetus were with her . Albuquerque Police Chief Ray Schultz told reporters that Valdez had a prior criminal history that included arrests for prostitution and drug charges , according to CNN affiliate KRQE-TV . Earlier , police had identified another set of remains as belonging to Victoria Chavez , a prostitute and drug user who was last seen in 2003 and reported missing in 2004 . Authorities are investigating how the two women 's paths may have crossed , Walsh said . Valdez 's father , Dan Valdez , told KRQE she was 22 when he reported her missing four years ago . Despite her rough lifestyle , he said , "  she was my daughter and did n't deserve to be buried in the desert . " Hamby said earlier there is housing south and east of the vacant land . After rain caused flooding , surrounding neighbors complained to the developer , who made culverts to divert the water , apparently bringing the first remains to the surface .	NEW : Eleventh body found at site west of Albuquerque , New Mexico One body found earlier has been identified as a prostitute reported missing in 2004 First bodies were discovered two weeks ago by a woman walking her dog
CNN  -- Wing Bryan Habana became South Africa 's all-time leading try scorer on Thursday as the Springboks thrashed Namibia 87-0 at the Rugby World Cup in New Zealand . The 28-year-old went over for the reigning world champions in the first half for his 39th Test try -- his first since a score against Italy in June 2010 -- to move clear of previous record-holder Joost van der Westhuizen . The two-time World Cup winners registered 11 other tries to extend their winning run at the four-yearly tournament to 10 matches , and also condemn Namibia to elimination at the pool stage for the fourth competition in a row . South Africa 's comprehensive victory also secured an unwanted record for Namibia , who suffered a 14th successive World Cup defeat -- the worst run in the tournament 's 24-year history . After an error-ridden first half , the Springboks scored six tries in the final 20 minutes in only their second encounter with their African neighbors following a 105-13 romp in a warm-up game four years ago . "  The first 40 minutes we had a few bad habits which happens as you often get different types of opposition at the World Cup , " winning captain John Smit told the tournament website . "  It was a good chance for us to refocus at halftime , and we had better shape in the second half and got more rewards . We are making progress . Tonight was a good run-out . " Flyhalf Morne Steyn set the 1995 and 2007 champions on their way when he kicked a successful penalty after three minutes , before wing Gio Aplon went over for the game 's first try three minutes later . Habana touched down for his historic score on 21 minutes , with South Africa awarded a penalty try after Namibia were overpowered in the scrum on the half-hour . Center Jaque Fourie registered South Africa 's fourth and final try of the opening period after 38 minutes , before Steyn again converted to make the halftime score 31-0 . Center Francois Steyn added to the tally after the break , and Morne Steyn continued his perfect record in the match by successfully converting before notching a try of his own on the hour mark . The tries kept coming for the Springboks with center Juan de Jongh coming off the bench to go over the Namibia line with 63 minutes gone , and scrumhalf Ruan Pienaar -- on as a replacement for kicker Steyn -- converted to make the score 54-0 . There was a second try for the 28-year-old Aplon , before a brace from flyhalf Derick Hougaard and further scores from de Jongh and forward Danie Rossouw completed the rout . South Africa are now in a strong position to reach the quarterfinals ahead of their fourth and final Pool D match with second-placed Samoa on September 30 , while Namibia face Wales , who also have last-eight aspirations , in New Plymouth on Monday . The Boks are on 14 points , eight clear of Samoa -- who like Wales , on five , have two matches to play .	South Africa thrash Namibia 87-0 at the Rugby World Cup in New Zealand Bryan Habana becomes the Springboks ' all-time leading Test try scorer Winger 's score in the first haf is his 39th international try Defeat extends Namibia 's World Cup losing streak to 14 matches
CNN  -- David Beckham revealed that he has missed playing football "  at the highest level " after being presented as an AC Milan player ahead of his three-month loan deal from the Los Angeles Galaxy . David Beckham parades his new AC Milan kit after completing his three-month loan to the Italian club . Beckham , 33 , has negotiated a move to the Serie A giants in a bid to remain match fit and stay in the thoughts of England manager Fabio Capello . His move to LA Galaxy from Real Madrid last year was perceived at the time as a step backwards to a league that has still to establish itself on the world stage , and the former England captain admitted that a move to Milan represented a move back into the mainstream . "  Moving to America was a big step for me because there was a lot of people who were criticizing the move , but I still believe it was a move where I wanted to challenge myself and I was able to challenge myself in different ways , " Beckham told a packed press conference in Milan . "  But I have always said that I would always miss playing at the highest level . I 'm not saying that in America they wo n't get to the highest level -- it will take time and it will happen . But with five months off during the season I personally ca n't do that . "  I needed to be able to be playing top-flight football to keep myself fit , to keep myself in contention for other things that are going on . " Beckham , who began the press conference by addressing the assembled media with a few words in Italian , will be in the stands to watch his new team take on Udinese on Sunday . He will then join them at a training camp in Dubai and could make his debut when the Serie A season resumes with a trip to Roma on January 11 . The former Manchester United and Real Madrid midfielder added : "  I 'm really happy to be here , it is a great honor . I hope to add to the team , I hope to give everything that I 've always given in my career . "  To be able to have the chance to play for another one of the biggest clubs in the world , I 've played for the biggest club in England , the biggest club in Spain and now I 'm going to be playing for the biggest club in Italy , is amazing . "  I 've been very lucky in my career to have done that , and I 'm just going to enjoy it because I think to be given this opportunity is incredible . " added Beckham .	David Beckham presented to the media ahead of his loan spell with AC Milan The England midfielder revealed he missed playing football "  at highest level " 33-year-old will be at Milan on loan for three months from Los Angeles Galaxy
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- A man convicted of capital murder in a 2007 Connecticut home invasion has attempted suicide several times since his arrest and has said he wants to receive the death penalty , a forensic psychiatrist testified Wednesday . Steven Hayes , 47 , was convicted this month of 16 of the 17 charges against him -- including nine counts of murder and capital murder and four counts of kidnapping -- in the deaths of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her daughters , 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit . Prosecutors allege that Hayes and Joshua Komisarjevsky invaded the Petit home in Cheshire , beat Jennifer Hawke-Petit 's husband bloody , strangled Hawke-Petit , set the house afire and tried to flee . On cross-examination , Dr. Paul Amble said his panel did not address the question of whether the defendant 's suicide attempts were sincere . But in his opinion , Hayes was "  making decisions that were rational , given his situation " when he said he wanted to receive the death penalty . "  I want to plead guilty to everything now , because I just want it over now , " Hayes told an evaluation team , the assistant clinical professor of psychiatry at Yale University School of Medicine testified to a jury considering whether to sentence Steven Hayes to death . Hayes described a plan to "  look like a monster " to the jury , expressing no remorse , in an attempt to move the jurors to sentence him to death , Amble wrote in his evaluation of the defendant . In March , Hayes told a psychologist that he no longer wanted to commit suicide "  but intended to let the state do it , " Amble said . Judge Jon Blue had asked Amble to evaluate Hayes to determine whether he was competent to stand trial . Hayes "  described five overdose attempts " that he felt Connecticut corrections staff was aware of , Amble said . The last such attempt came January 31 , when Hayes "  took a fairly large amount of thorazine ... nearly twice the lethal limit , " Amble said . The incident forced a delay in Hayes ' trial , which had been set for February 1 . Thorazine is an antipsychotic medication that can also be prescribed to treat anxiety , as it was in Hayes ' case . Asked to describe his mood on a scale of zero to 10 , Hayes ranked it at zero and described symptoms of helplessness and hopelessness since his arrest shortly after the killings , Amble testified . He said Hayes told him he had tried to strangle himself with a sock but failed because he could n't tighten it enough to cut off circulation . Hayes told his evaluators that he had considered other ways to end his life , such as "  putting my head in the toilet and doing a back flip " to break his neck , but opted against doing so out of fear that he might only paralyze or otherwise injure himself , according to the evaluation carried out by Amble . Hayes told the evaluation team in March that "  he wanted to essentially encourage the jury to vote in favor of the death penalty ... perhaps by taking the stand and looking like he has no remorse , " Amble said . "  His desire was to actively seek the death penalty . " He said Hayes has lost more than 60 pounds since his arrest and complained of not sleeping well and of nightmares . His psychiatrist in prison has diagnosed him with "  adjustment disorder " and "  major depression , " Amble said . Prosecutor Michael Dearington asked Amble whether Hayes truly wanted to be executed . "  I do n't know , " the doctor said . "  I 'm not here to say I can exactly divine his thoughts , only what he said . " Komisarjevsky is to be tried separately , but on Tuesday , a court clerk read from Komisarjevsky 's writings providing graphic descriptions of the incident . "  I am what I am ; I make no excuses , " Komisarjevsky wrote . "  I 'm a criminal with a criminal mind . " But he also appeared to express remorse , at one point writing , "  Michaela , Haley and Jennifer , forgive me ; I am damned . ... My forthcoming death sentence will be an action of mercy . " Police testified that in the 2007 home invasion , Hayes and Komisarjevsky found evidence of a bank account containing $ 20,000 to $ 30,000 and forced Hawke-Petit to go to a bank in the morning and withdraw money from the account . Prosecutors said Hayes took her to the bank while Komisarjevsky stayed behind . When Hayes and Hawke-Petit returned with the money , officials said , the two men set the home afire and fled . Inside the home , authorities said , Hawke-Petit , 48 , was found raped and strangled . Her two daughters , one of whom had been sexually assaulted , died of smoke inhalation . Petit , the sole survivor , escaped to a neighbor 's home . Amble was the only witness to testify on Wednesday , and no further testimony is scheduled until Monday , after the judge and attorneys spend the rest of this week working on jury instructions . .	NEW : Steven Hayes wanted to "  look like a monster " to the jury Doctor testifies Hayes said he wants to be executed He says Hayes has been diagnosed with major depression Hayes was convicted of capital murder in the 2007 home invasion
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's mother told jurors she filed a wrongful death lawsuit against AEG Live "  because I want to know what really happened to my son . " Katherine Jackson , likely the final witness as her lawyers conclude their wrongful death case against the pop icon 's last concert promoter , began her testimony Friday and will conclude it Monday in a Los Angeles court . "  The most difficult thing is to sit here in the court and listen to all the bad things they say about my son , " Jackson testified . The 83-year-old matriarch of the world 's most famous entertainment family sat on the front row in the small courtroom for most of the 51 previous days of testimony . "  A lot of the facts that have been said are not the truth , " she said . She said contrary to what an AEG Live executive wrote in an e-mail as Jackson prepared for his comeback concerts in 2009 , her son was not lazy . But she especially objected to an e-mail from AEG parent company 's general counsel that called Jackson "  a freak " on the same day his company 's top executives were going to his house to sign the "  This Is It " tour contract . "  He 's not here to speak for himself , " his mother said . She said she would "  try my best " to speak for the pop icon . Jurors leaned forward and listened closely during Jackson 's testimony and as her lawyer showed them video of her son performing as a child . The lawsuit filed by Katherine Jackson and on behalf of the singer 's three children contends AEG Live is liable for the death of Jackson because it hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray . The doctor was convicted of involuntary manslaughter . AEG Live argues it was Jackson , not their company , who chose and controlled Murray , who admitted giving Jackson nightly infusions of a surgical anesthetic the coroner ruled killed him . Its executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments Murray was giving Jackson in the privacy of his bedroom , AEG Live lawyers contend . "  Why are you here ? " Jackson lawyer Brian Panish asked Katherine "  Because I want to know what really happened to my son , " she said . "  And that 's why I am here . " Panish asked Jackson how it made her feel to have been asked probing and personal questions about her family by AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putnam during a dozen hours of deposition testimony . "  It makes me feel real bad , because my son was a very good person , " she said . "  He loved everybody , he gave to charity , he was in the Guinness Book of World Records for giving to charity . " Putnam faces the challenge of not appearing unkind to Katherine Jackson while also trying to discredit her testimony . "  Forget it , " she said as she stopped before answering Putnam 's question about why she initially included , and later dropped show director Kenny Ortega as a defendant in her lawsuit . "  Forget what ma'am ? " Putnam asked . Jackson remained silent for about a minute , staring back at Putnam . Would it help to reread the question , he asked . "  No , it would n't be helpful , " Jackson answered curtly . The judge finally ordered the question stricken from the record because the answer involved privileged discussions with her lawyers . Jackson returned to the stand after the lunch break but she told the judge she was tired after just a few more minutes of questioning by Putnam . The judge sent jurors home two hours early and will allow Katherine Jackson to resume her testimony Monday morning . If jurors decide that AEG Live is liable in Jackson 's death , they could award damages based on the loss of the mother 's and children 's relationship with him and the amount of money he was unable to earn because his life was cut short . The wrongful death trial is about to get a lot uglier , if defense lawyers live up to the promise of their opening statements . AEG Live lawyers this week brought up the child molestation charges against Jackson and the 2002 incident in which the pop star "  dangled " his infant son on a Berlin hotel balcony . Touring till 66 ? Paris Jackson made another appearance in the trial this week -- via a video of her deposition in March . Jurors saw a clip of AEG Live lawyer Putnam asking the 15-year-old what her father told her about his "  This Is It " tour : Putnam : "  Did he explain to you how long the tour was going to last ? " Paris : "  I assume a long time since it was a world tour , but those usually last a long time " Putnam : "  How did you understand it was a world tour ? " Paris : "  Because he told us . " Putnam : "  What did he tell you ? " Paris : "  That we were going around the world on tour . " Certified public accountant Arthur Erk , who has managed and audited the business affairs of many top artists , testified Wednesday that he is "  reasonably certain " that Jackson would have performed 260 shows around the world as part of his "  This Is It " tour . He would have earned $ 890 million over the three years of concerts in Europe , Asia , South America , North America and Australia , Erk said . Jackson would have earned at least $ 1.5 billion from touring , endorsements and sponsorships had he not died preparing for his comeback tour , Erk said . AEG Live 's unprecedented sellout of 50 shows scheduled for London 's O2 Arena in 2009 and 2010 proved there was "  pent-up demand " to see Jackson live , despite controversies that had tarnished his reputation in the years since his last tour in 1998 , Erk said . An e-mail from AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips said fans bought all 750,000 tickets put on sale for 31 shows in March 2009 in just two hours . Enough buyers were registered to sell out another 100 shows , Phillips wrote . "  Dude , we 're going to sell out a ridiculous amount of tickets , " AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongaware wrote in an e-mail . "  We 've got to get Mikey to add more shows . " Jackson 's manager quickly approved another 19 shows , bringing the total to 50 . "  Ten million tickets for the rest of the world ? They would have gobbled up those tickets in seconds , " Erk said . AEG Live lawyer Sabrina Strong challenged Erk 's estimate , asking if any other act has ever made as much money on a tour . "  No , " he said . "  This would have been a record-breaking world tour . " Jackson would have done another 195 shows over four more world tours before retiring from the road at age 66 , Erk predicted . Putnam called Erk 's estimates "  a creation , a fabrication " which suggests Jackson would have made more after age 50 that he did in the three tours during the "  height of his fame . " Jackson never intended to perform after the 50 shows in London , Putnam said . AEG Live showed jurors a video clip of Katherine Jackson 's deposition , in which she said her son would joke that he "  did n't want to be moonwalking on stage at 50 . " "  Michael said that quite a few years back and he was joking , " his mother explained in her testimony Friday . "  I thought it was funny and most of us said things like that . I used to think 50 was very old . " In fact , Jackson was 50 when he signed a three-year contract with AEG Live for his comeback tour , which would have likely included his famous moonwalk dance steps as he performed "  Billie Jean . " "  We announced that we 're going to have one tour in London , that 's what was announced , and it was called ` This Is It , ' meaning in London , this show is it , " he said . "  This show is it . This is the last thing he 's ever going to do . As a result of this being his final performance ever , to be at the O2 in London , there was enormous response , understandably , and therefore we sold 50 shows . " With the Jackson case ending -- which Putnam called "  ridiculous " -- "  now we 're going to start to show what actually occurred here , " he said . No Conrad Murray testimony AEG Live 's defense team confirmed Wednesday that they would not be calling Murray to testify . "  I have no intention of calling him myself , unless it 's requested , your honor , " Putnam said , replying to the judge 's question about his plans . Until now , AEG Live lawyers have suggested they might call Murray , who is serving a four-year jail sentence for involuntary manslaughter , to the witness stand . Murray 's lawyer gave the Jackson and AEG Live lawyers a sworn statement from the doctor before the trial began stating that he would invoke his constitutional protection against self-incrimination by refusing to answer questions if subpoenaed . See you in September Jurors , who were told when the trial started in April that it could end sometime in August , appeared unfazed when Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos told them this week that it is likely to extend into mid-September . Putnam estimated this week that he needs about 30 days in court to present his defense after the plaintiffs rest . The jurors often have laughed and smiled in reaction to testimony and the interplay between Jackson lead lawyer Brian Panish , the judge and the AEG defense team . For example , when Palazuelos ordered Panish to turn around and face the bench while AEG attorney Sabrina Strong cross-examined Erk , jurors seemed amused . Panish , whose seat was just in front of Strong 's lectern , had been looking directly up at her at close range . There were no laughs in the hallway after court on Tuesday when Panish and Putnam exchanged words . The two lawyers were standing about 15 feet apart , each talking to reporters , when they began directing their words at each other . The court clerk interrupted the heated conversation , threatening to summon deputies . Palazuelos lectured the lawyers in her chambers the next morning and imposed new rules that bar them from speaking to journalists in the hallway .	Jackson matriarch Katherine Jackson : "  A lot of the facts that have been said are not the truth " Michael Jackson 's "  not here to speak for himself , " his mother says "  My son was a very good person , " Jackson 's mother testifies Expert says Jackson would have earned $ 1.5 billion from touring and sponsorship
Does this bizarre-looking fish look familiar to you ? The Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute captured what it says are the first images and video of a female anglerfish , known as a Black Seadevil . With its jaw agape , exposing what appear to be fangs , it lives up to the name "  Seadevil . " But if you 've seen the 2003 Pixar classic , "  Finding Nemo , " you might recognize the Seadevil as the fish that creeps up on an unsuspecting Nemo and Dory . The institute located the fish on a voyage with Doc Ricketts , their remotely operated vehicle , during a "  midwater transect . " "  This means we ` fly ' the robot through the water at a series of different depths  10 minutes at each depth  , and count all the different types of animals we see , " said institute spokeswoman Kim Fulton-Bennett . These transects have been taking place for over 20 years , and the Seadevil was certainly a big find . Though it wo n't win any beauty pageants , this creature just goes to show how there are still plenty of fish in the sea waiting to be discovered . Extreme shrimp might hold clues to alien life , NASA says	Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute captures female anglerfish on video Institute believes no images of the Black Seadevil have been captured before now The Black Seadevil fish might look familiar to anyone who has seen "  Finding Nemo "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Searchers found two hands and two feet Wednesday near the famous "  Hollywood " sign , the same area where police said a severed head was discovered earlier . A cadaver dog found part of a human hand Wednesday morning about 50 yards from where a severed head was discovered in a Hollywood Hills park on Tuesday , police said . Another hand was located later in the afternoon , and two feet were found Wednesday evening , Los Angeles Police Officer Cleon Joseph said . "  We 're hoping that we can find more remains , " Los Angeles Police Cmdr. Andrew Smith said . The head , found Tuesday by two people walking dogs along a dirt trail , is that of a man between 40 and 60 years old , with salt-and-pepper-colored hair , Los Angeles County Deputy Chief Coroner Ed Winter said Wednesday . Investigators "  have every reason to believe " the hands and head belonged to the same person , Smith said . It is possible an animal may have dragged the body parts from where they were initially placed , Smith said . Investigators suspect they had been in the park for about two days . The body parts were found in brush off a secondary trail , about a half-mile from the park entrance , Smith said . At least 30 Los Angeles police officers , a dozen coroner 's investigators , a SWAT team trained in climbing skills and mounted officers were searching a seven-acre section of Bronson Canyon , next to Griffith Park , Smith said . The search effort in the area 's steep terrain was suspended late Wednesday afternoon because of failing light , but searchers will resume work after daylight Thursday , police said . Los Angeles police homicide investigators have begun checking recent missing-person reports for leads on the identity of the man whose head was found , Winter said . The two people who reported finding the head told park rangers they were walking about nine dogs in the Bronson Canyon area of the park around 2:30 p.m. Tuesday when two of the dogs started playing with an object in a plastic grocery bag , police told CNN . The rangers in turn notified robbery and homicide detectives , who are handling the investigation . CNN 's Chuck Conder and Rosalina Nieves and HLN 's Selin Darkalstanian contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigators find two feet Wednesday evening Police suspend the search for the night ; it will resume at daylight Thursday Two people find a head in a bag while walking dogs in the Bronson Canyon area Police check recent missing-person reports for leads
CNN  -- A North Korean soldier on guard duty at the border dividing the two Koreas defected , telling authorities who received him in the South that he killed his superiors before fleeing across the Military Demarcation Line . South Korean soldiers at their guard posts reported hearing gunfire before he crossed into the South shortly after noon local time , according to a news release from South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff . Soldiers in the South took the defector in on their side of the border and brought him to a safe place for questioning then tightened security in the area . The North Korean said that "  while he was on guard duty , he killed his platoon and squad leaders and defected thereafter , " the JCS said . Defections over land through the heavily armed and fortified Demilitarized Zone  DMZ  are rare , as most fleeing the communist North prefer the greater odds of success of crossing by sea . "  The last North Korean soldier who defected  over land  was in March 2010 , " said a spokesman from the defense ministry in Seoul . But with his comrades dead and no longer capable of hindering him , it was easy for the soldier to flee south . "  The distance between the North Korean guard post and the South Korean guard post is 500 meters , " the official said , who asked not to be named , because he is not authorized to speak with the media . More than 24,000 refugees have entered the South from the North since the country 's division , according to the Ministry of Unification in Seoul , over two-thirds of them women . The annual number of refugees has climbed steadily from less than 100 in the 1990s to more than 2,000 per year since 2006 . North Korea defector living with quarter of a century of guilt North Korean defector stands for South Korean election After escape from North Korea , artist turns from propaganda to pop art From the archives : South Korea wo n't return 9 defectors from the North	South Korean soldiers hear gunfire before the defector crosses The North Korean says he killed his platoon and squad leaders Defections over land via the heavily armed DMZ are rare The number of refugees fleeing per year has climbed dramatically over the years
CNN  -- You know what 's relatively easy ? Fixing a website . You know what 's really hard ? Ensuring access to affordable , quality health insurance for every single American and improving our broken health care system in the process . In the back-and-forth about the Obamacare exchange websites , let 's not lose sight of the ultimate goal of health care reform -- a goal that , even with the exchanges problems , we are steadily achieving . Less than 17 days into the signup period , the State of Oregon had already enrolled 56,000 people under the Medicaid expansion in Obamacare -- and reduced the state 's percentage of uninsured by 10 % . In New York , over 150,000 people have signed up for a private insurance plan through the state 's exchange website -- including , by the way , me . In Kentucky , a state that has more than 640,000 residents without health insurance , the state insurance exchange is signing up 1,000 people per day , "  a great rate and a great success so far " says Democratic Gov. Steve Beshear . In Washington State , 31,000 people have enrolled in Medicaid coverage , 4,500 have enrolled in private health plans and an additional 56,000 state residents have completed applications . Other states , especially those that worked to implement their own insurance exchanges and expand Medicaid under the health reform law , are seeing similar success -- contrasted with those states that have , mainly for ideological reasons , sabotaged implementation . And even still , the increased access to insurance through private market exchanges and Medicaid expansion is only one aspect of the larger reform law . Already , 3.4 million young Americans have been able to stay on their parents ' insurance plans until age 26 . Already , millions of Americans have benefited from the ban on insurance companies denying coverage because of preexisting conditions , a ban that will take full effect next year . Already , we 're all benefiting from the law ending lifetime and annual limits on the amount of coverage health insurance provides , and ending the practice of insurance companies ' arbitrarily canceling coverage in the wake of catastrophic illness . The Obamacare exchange websites can run fast as lightning or slow as molasses but , regardless , these reforms are already helping millions of Americans automatically . No hitting reset required . It 's also helpful to put the exchange websites into some perspective . We 're a little over one-tenth of the way through the current enrollment period . People have until December 15 to complete their applications if they want coverage to begin on January 1 , 2014 . And then we all have until February 15 , 2014 to enroll in private insurance coverage before being subject to the individual mandate penalty . According to psychology studies , 20 % of Americans are chronic procrastinators . At least 95 % of Americans say they procrastinate regularly . Plus , to be clear , picking among multiple health insurance options is a bit more complicated than buying a new T-shirt . So if millions of Americans are waiting until the last second to enroll in Obamacare , we should n't just chalk that up to the law 's failure or website problems but to inevitable human nature . The good news is , by the time most people seeking insurance get around to enrolling , whether by December 15 or February 15 , the website kinks will undoubtedly have long been ironed out . eBay was n't built in a day . And neither was any major government initiative . From Social Security to Medicare to the Peace Corps to the income tax , other significant government programs were initially as overrun with snafus as they were with critiques . But eventually , employers figured out how to include workers ' names and Social Security numbers in their earnings reports and the website for Medicare Part D was successfully debugged . A few geeks locked in a room with a case of Mountain Dew will fix the Obamacare websites . But all the computer programmers and pundits and conservative nay-sayers in the land could n't fix the fact that , three years ago , our health care costs were skyrocketing , tens of millions of Americans lacked health insurance and 14,000 more were losing their coverage every day . We needed a law to fix that . Thankfully , we now have one . And whatever the ups and downs of the websites , the Affordable Care Act is working . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	Sally Kohn : Health exchange site fix is easy ; getting Americans covered is hard She says hundreds of thousands have enrolled for insurance under Obamacare She says law has brought insurance protections , kept 3.4 million young people insured Kohn : Many government programs have rough start . The goal is worthy and in sight
CNN  -- The Guatemalan army stole at least 333 children and sold them for adoption in other countries during the Central American nation 's 36-year civil war , a government report has concluded . Around 45,000 people are believed to have disappeared during Guatemala 's civil war , 5,000 of them children . Many of those children ended up in the United States , as well as Sweden , Italy and France , said the report 's author and lead investigator , Marco Tulio Alvarez . In some cases , the report said , parents were killed so the children could be taken and given to government-operated agencies to be adopted abroad . In other instances , the children were abducted without physical harm to the parents . "  This was a great abuse by the state , " Alvarez told CNN on Friday . Investigators started examining records in May 2008 for a period that spanned from 1977-89 , said Alvarez , the director of the Guatemalan Peace Archive , a commission established by President Alvaro Colom . Of 672 records investigators looked at , Alvarez said , they determined that 333 children had been stolen . The children were taken for financial and political reasons , he said . Alvarez acknowledges that many more children possibly were taken . Investigators zeroed in on the 1977-89 period because peak adoptions occurred during that time frame , particularly in 1986 . They will investigate through 1995 and hope to have another report ready by early next year , he said . A presidential ministry has determined that about 45,000 people disappeared during the nation 's civil war , which lasted from 1960 to 1996 . About 5,000 of those were children , the ministry said . Another 200,000 people died in the conflict between the leftist guerrillas and right-wing governments . The nation 's public ministry and attorney general 's office will determine whether anyone is prosecuted over the abductions , Alvarez said . Asked if he would like to see prosecutions , Alvarez answered , "  I hope so . " Alvarez said he has attended several reunions of abducted children -- now adults -- and family members . "  I ca n't tell you how happy that makes me , " he said . Adoption has served as a source of income in Guatemala for decades . The war just made it easier for abuses at the hands of soldiers to occur . Guatemala has the world 's highest per capita rate of adoption and is one of the leading providers of adoptive children for the United States . Nearly one in 100 babies born in Guatemala end up with adoptive parents in the United States , according to the U.S. consulate in Guatemala . Adoptions can cost up to $ 30,000 , providing a large financial incentive in a country where the World Bank says about 75 percent of the people live below the poverty level . Officials fear that often times mothers are paid -- or coerced -- into giving up their children . Some unscrupulous lawyers and notaries , who have greater power in Guatemala than they do in the United States , have taken advantage of the extreme poverty and limited government oversight over adoptions to enrich themselves . Alvarez said corrupt lawyers and notaries were the driving force behind many of the army abductions of children . The problem is confounded because many Guatemalan parents ca n't provide for their children . The United Nations ' World Food Programme says Guatemala has the fourth highest rate of chronic malnutrition in the world and the highest in Latin America and the Caribbean . Chronic undernutrition affects about half of the nation 's children under the age of 5 , the U.N. agency said . Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom Caballeros declared a state of national calamity this week because so many citizens do not have food or proper nutrition . Despite the nation 's problems , Alvarez hopes some good will come of the report , which was released Thursday . "  We have to tell the truth about what happened , " he said . "  Guatemalan society must know what happened and must never allow it to happen again . " CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report	Children stolen for adoption in the U.S. , Sweden , Italy and France , report says Some parents were killed , others were unharmed when soldiers came calling Investigators examined period between 1977 and 1989 , ` peak ' adoption period Reports says many more could have been taken , investigation underway
CNN  -- From the Affordable Care Act to flesh-eating bacteria to celebrities and elected officials battling physical and mental illness , it 's been a tumultuous year for all things health . Here is a look at the top 10 health stories of 2012 , as chosen by the CNN Health staff . 1 . Affordable Care Act upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court In a 5-4 decision , the nation 's highest court upheld the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , also known as Obamacare , on June 28 . Signed into law in March 2010 , the sweeping law includes more than 90 specific changes to the nation 's health care system . Some went into effect almost immediately , but the most dramatic changes wo n't take effect until 2014 . What Obama 's re-election means for health care 2 . Georgia woman 's battle with flesh-eating bacteria Aimee Copeland , a then-24-year-old University of West Georgia graduate student , was visiting the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta , with friends when the homemade zip line she was holding snapped . She fell and got a gash in her leg that required 22 staples to close . But Copeland 's struggles were only beginning . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room . Doctors eventually determined she had necrotizing fasciitis , an infection caused by the flesh-eating bacteria Aeromonas hyrophila . Copeland spent two months in an Augusta , Georgia , hospital , and doctors amputated her hands , leg and foot . She returned home in August to a 1,956-foot wing specially built for her . Video : Bacteria survivor details recovery 3 . Multi-state meningitis oubreak linked to steroid injections A 19-state outbreak of non-contagious fungal meningitis sickened 620 people and killed 39 , according to the latest update from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The cases were linked to tainted steroid injections distributed by the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center . "  Several patients suffered strokes that are believed to have resulted from their infections , " the CDC said . "  The investigation also includes other infections from injections in a peripheral joint , such as a knee , shoulder or ankle . " The FDA said the compounding center was warned by its own environmental monitors of bacterial contamination of its facility months before the first cases were reported . The Massachusetts Board of Registration in Pharmacy voted to permanently revoke its license to operate in the state as well as the licenses of the company 's three principal pharmacists . Owner of firm linked to deadly meningitis outbreak takes Fifth before Congress 4 . West Nile Virus outbreak While the case count of West Nile Virus illnesses was the highest reported through August 2012 , this year 's outbreak wound up falling short of levels seen in 2003 , the worst-ever year for the virus . The year 's last update from the CDC showed a total of 5,387 cases of West Nile Virus and 243 deaths . Cases were reported in all lower 48 states , as well as the District of Columbia . In 2003 , 9,862 illnesses and 264 deaths were reported . Texas was by far the hardest-hit state in 2012 , with 954 cases and 76 deaths . Fast facts on West Nile Virus 5 . Robin Roberts ' bone marrow transplant "  Good Morning America " host Robin Roberts , 51 , revealed in June that after overcoming breast cancer , she was diagnosed with a rare blood disorder called myelodysplastic syndrome . Roberts found a bone marrow match in her sister , Sally-Ann . Twenty-one days after undergoing a bone marrow transplant , Roberts was discharged from the hospital in October . "  I know it is your prayers and warm thoughts that have gotten me this far , " she wrote in a post on "  GMA 's " website to her fans . "  Each day I get stronger and stronger ...  E  ven in some dark moment , of which there are still a few , I now see that light at the end of the tunnel . This too really shall pass . " Robin Roberts feels the love on ` new birthday ' 6 . Hantavirus at Yosemite Warnings were sent to Yosemite National Park visitors from 39 other countries in September after a potentially deadly hantavirus sickened some visitors to the park . In all , eight people were infected and three died . Most became ill after staying at the park 's popular Curry Village "  tent cabins . " The carriers of hantavirus are deer mice , cotton mice , rice rats and white-footed mice , according to the CDC . The virus can be present in the rodents ' urine , droppings and saliva , and is spread to people when they breathe in air contaminated with the virus . The virus is not communicable from person to person . Another Yosemite camper dies in hantavirus outbreak 7 . Former Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. and bipolar disorder Jackson , a congressman from Illinois , look a leave of absence in June to be treated for what his office initially called a "  mood disorder . " In August , the Mayo Clinic said he was responding well to treatment for bipolar II disorder . The disorder , less severe than bipolar I , includes periods of depression alternated with hypomania , a mild form of mania that may include elevated mood and irritability . The depression periods usually last longer , the clinic said . Despite winning re-election , Jackson -- who has been the subject of several investigations -- resigned from office in November , citing health reasons . "  For the past several months , as my health has deteriorated , my ability to serve the constituents of my district has continued to diminish , " he wrote in his resignation letter . Video : Behind Jesse Jackson Jr. 's resignation 8 . Spike in autism cases The number of children with autism nationwide continues to rise , the CDC announced in March . The agency released its most recent data from 2008 , showing that 1 in 88 American children has some form of autism spectrum disorder -- a 78 % increase compared to a decade ago . Boys with autism outnumber girls 5 to 1 , according to the CDC , which estimates in 54 boys have autism . More children are being diagnoses with autism because of "  better diagnosis , broader diagnosis , better awareness , and roughly 50 % of ` we do n't know , ' " Mark Roithmayr of the advocacy group Autism Speaks said at the time . With autism , no longer invisible 9 . Actress Kathy Bates ' double mastectomy Actress Kathy Bates underwent a double mastectomy in September after being diagnosed with breast cancer in July , a publicist said . Bates , 64 , was nominated for an Emmy for her lead role in the TV drama series "  Harry 's Law . " She is best known for winning an Academy Award for Best Actress for the 1991 movie "  Misery . " She battled ovarian cancer eight years ago . "  I do n't miss my breasts as much as I miss Harry 's Law . ;- Thanks for all the sweet tweets . Y' all kept me going , " Bates tweeted after her surgery . Why Kathy Bates kept her cancer private 10 . Ex-hospital worker accused in hepatitis C infections A man who worked as a traveling medical technician on a contract basis for hospitals in Arizona , Georgia , Kansas , Maryland , Michigan , New York and Pennsylvania was arrested in July and accused of spreading hepatitis C , sickening more than 30 people . Authorities allege David Kwiatkowsi , 33 , injected himself with syringes of fentanyl , a powerful painkiller , that he stole from patients who were scheduled for surgery . He then filled the syringes with saline and replaced them for use in the medical procedure . "  Instead of receiving the prescribed dose of fentanyl , patients instead received saline tained by Kwiatkowski 's infected blood , " federal prosecutors said . Kwiatkwoski was indicted last month by a federal grand jury in New Hampshire on fraud and product-tampering charges . Controversy surrounds health care contract workers What do you think were the year 's biggest health stories ? Share your thoughts in the comments below . Like CNN Health on Facebook	The Supreme Court 's health care decision is chosen as the year 's top health story A Georgia woman triumphs in her battle with flesh-eating bacteria Celebrities and a congressman also made health news in 2012 Outbreaks of meningitis , West Nile Virus and hantavarus are seen
CNN  -- As Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton steps down from her job Friday , many are assuming she will run for president . And she may . In fact , five of the first eight presidents first served their predecessors as secretary of state . It has n't happened in more than a century , though that may change should Clinton decide to run . After all , she has been a game changer her entire life . But before we look ahead , I think we should appreciate what she 's done as secretary of state ; it 's a high profile , high pressure job . You have to deal with the routine as if it is critical and with crisis as if it 's routine . You have to manage egos , protocols , customs and Congress . You have to be rhetorical and blunt , diplomatic and direct . As secretary of state you are dealing with heads of state and with we the people . And the president of the United States has to trust you -- implicitly . On the road with Hillary Clinton Of all Clinton 's accomplishments -- and I will mention just a few -- this may be the most underappreciated . During the election , pundits were puzzled and amazed not only at how much energy former President Bill Clinton poured into Obama 's campaign , but even more at how genuine and close the friendship was . Obama was given a lot of well-deserved credit for reaching out to the Clintons by appointing then-Sen . Hillary Clinton as his secretary of state in the first place . But trust is a two-way street and has to be earned . We should not underestimate or forget how much Clinton did and how hard she worked . She deserved that trust , as she deserved to be in the war room when Osama bin Laden was killed . By the way , is there any other leader in the last 50 years whom we routinely refer to by a first name , and do so more out of respect than familiarity ? The last person I can think of was Ike -- the elder family member who we revere with affection . Hillary is Hillary . It 's not surprising that we feel we know her . She has been part of our public life for more than 20 years . She 's been a model of dignity , diplomacy , empathy and toughness . She also has done something no other secretary of state has done -- including the two women who preceded her in the Cabinet post . Rothkopf : President Hillary Clinton ? If she wants it Hillary has transformed our understanding -- no , our definition -- of foreign affairs . Diplomacy is no longer just the skill of managing relations with other countries . The big issues -- war and peace , terror , economic stability , etc. -- remain , and she has handled them with firmness and authority , with poise and confidence , and with good will , when appropriate . But it is not the praise of diplomats or dictators that will be her legacy . She dealt with plenipotentiaries , but her focus was on people . Foreign affairs is n't just about treaties , she taught us , it 's about the suffering and aspirations of those affected by the treaties , made or unmade . Most of all , diplomacy should refocus attention on the powerless . Of course , Hillary was n't the first secretary of state to advocate for human rights or use the post to raise awareness of abuses or negotiate humanitarian relief or pressure oppressors . But she was the first to focus on empowerment , particularly of women and girls . She created the first Office of Global Women 's Issues . That office fought to highlight the plight of women around the world . Rape of women has been a weapon of war for centuries . Though civilized countries condemn it , the fight against it has in a sense only really begun . Ghitis : Hillary Clinton 's global legacy on gay rights The office has worked to hold governments accountable for the systematic oppression of girls and women and fought for their education in emerging countries . As Hillary said when the office was established : "  When the Security Council passed Resolution 1325 , we tried to make a very clear statement , that women are still largely shut out of the negotiations that seek to end conflicts , even though women and children are the primary victims of 21st century conflict . " Hillary also included the United States in the Trafficking in Person report . Human Trafficking , a form of modern , mainly sexual , slavery , victimizes mostly women and girls . The annual report reviews the state of global efforts to eliminate the practice . "  We believe it is important to keep the spotlight on ourselves , " she said . "  Human trafficking is not someone else 's problem . Involuntary servitude is not something we can ignore or hope does n't exist in our own communities . " She also created the office of Global Partnerships . And there is much more . She has held her own in palaces and held the hands of hungry children in mud-hut villages , pursuing an agenda that empowers women , children , the poor and helpless . We should n't have been surprised . Her book "  It Takes a Village " focused on the impact that those outside the family have , for better or worse , on a child 's well-being . As secretary of state , she did all she could to make sure our impact as a nation would be for the better . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Clinton stepping down as Secretary of State . Maybe she 'll run for president She says as secretary she expanded foreign policy to include effect on regular people She says she was first secretary of state to focus on empowering women and girls Brazile : Clinton has fought for education and inclusion in politics for women and girls
The history of television is a history of insults . The idiot box , it 's been called . The boob tube . "  57 Channels  and Nothin ' On  . " "  Kill your television " says the bumper sticker . In 1961 , it was famously deemed a "  vast wasteland . " After all , there were just three TV networks at the time . Most major cities did n't have public television stations  PBS was still years away  . And the UHF band , where independent stations would later flourish , was barely used . The first communications satellite did n't go up until 1962 . And the content ? With few exceptions , the networks carried mostly dumbed-down , formulaic cop shows , Westerns , situation comedies and musical-variety programs . News was something people got from newspapers . "  It was a very limited choice , " says Newton Minow , the former Federal Communications Commission chairman who coined the "  vast wasteland " phrase in his 1961 speech to the National Association of Broadcasters and has heard it repeated regularly over the last five decades . Times have changed , right ? Actually , yes , says TV critic Eric Deggans . Of the many flaws of '60s entertainment TV , he says , a major one was that it did n't reflect what was going on in America , whether it was the civil rights movement or the escalation of the Vietnam War . "  Back then , there was a lot of TV that was created by producers who really underestimated the audience , " Deggans says . New Day : 5 things Dick Cavett misses about '60s TV  including : No Kardashians As the decade continued , television gingerly addressed some social change but certainly nothing like what was to come -- first in the 1970s with such Norman Lear sitcoms as "  All in the Family " and "  Sanford and Son " and in more recent years , novelistic shows such as "  Breaking Bad . " TV : The new , new golden age In fact , Deggans says even today 's widely popular sitcoms and dramas , such as "  Parenthood , " engage with real life in ways that were forbidden 50 years ago . That 's true even with "  The Walking Dead , " an end-of-the-world horror show about zombies . "  What it 's really about is man 's inhumanity to man , and when something happens and all the chips are down , how do you respond as a human being ? " he says , referring to "  The Walking Dead . " "  When you think about what 's going on in Nigeria or the Arab Spring or Syria , that 's real life . " Moreover , even the more formulaic shows do n't take their viewers for granted . "  I do n't think any of those shows pander to their audience in the way that a show like ` Petticoat Junction ' or ` Gilligan 's Island ' did , " he says . "  Those were classic comedies , but they were really , really simple . A show like ` NCIS ' is absolutely about all these issues we 're struggling with as a society . " Ironically , Minow 's 1961 speech was somewhat taken out of context . He actually praised the medium before lowering the boom : "  When television is good , nothing -- not the theater , not the magazines or newspapers -- nothing is better , " he said . His concern that TV was n't properly serving the public is what prompted his criticism . Indeed , the speech was titled "  Television in the Public Interest . " The last half-century has been mostly positive , says Minow today -- and he observes that the federal government played a positive role in that growth . Minow , now 88 and an attorney in Chicago , was instrumental in requiring television sets to include a UHF dial and promoting the use of communications satellites . "  I felt that the basic role of the government was to expand choice , because the government should not be in the business of deciding what 's on the air , " he says . "  I think the expansion of choice was the government 's main contribution . " He does have some concerns , however , about the increasing consolidation of the communications industry over the last 50 years . "  I think the idea of having local ownership has pretty much disappeared , " he says . But he shrugs , "  The horse is out of the barn . " Massive mergers planned for TV providers Deggans notes , however , that despite the corporatization of media , there 's still a much broader range than in the '60s -- or even in the '90s . After all , 50 years ago we had three networks . Now there 's cable , the Internet is a major player allowing for video streaming , and technology lets anybody "  broadcast themselves , " to borrow YouTube 's old slogan . They can choose when to watch , too . Yes , TV is still belittled . But the argument flows both ways . After his speech , Minow was tweaked by "  Gilligan 's Island " producer Sherwood Schwartz , who made the FCC chairman the namesake of a certain shipwrecked boat . Minow appreciated the gesture . "  I told him I considered it a great compliment , " he says . "  It exposed my name to two generations of television viewers . "	In 1961 , FCC Chairman Newton Minow deemed TV a "  vast wasteland " Back then , there were three networks and a lot of dumbed-down content Today , TV critic Eric Deggans says things have changed for the better Even today 's formulaic shows do n't pander to audience the way '60s shows did , he says
CNN  -- The Hole in the Wall experiments , known as HiW , were first implemented in 1999 , when a computer with an internet connection was embedded into a wall for children to discover and use unsupervised . The wall adjoined a slum in India . Only a month later , it was evident that the children had taught themselves to use the computer and also picked up some skills in English and mathematics . This kind of design was then set up in more and more remote areas across the nation with almost identical results . These were computers embedded in walls or kiosks in easily accessible and highly visible public spaces , facilitating peer interaction , discovery and learning in groups of children . We concluded that groups of children from disadvantaged and remote settings can learn to use computers and access internet resources , on their own , if given appropriate free , public and unsupervised access . Watch an interview with Sugata Mitra These earliest experiences also showed that children could develop some skills in English and mathematics . What came through unequivocally in this and further work on self-organizing systems in education was that groups of children -- irrespective of who or where they are , or what language they speak -- given free and public access to computers and the internet can : 1 . Become computer-literate on their own -- that is , they can learn to use computers and the internet for most of the tasks done by lay users . 2 . Teach themselves enough English to use e-mail , chat and search engines . 3 . Learn in a few months to search the internet for answers to questions . 4 . Improve their English pronunciation on their own . 5 . Improve their mathematics and science scores in school . 6 . Be prepared to pass examinations several years ahead of grade level . 7 . Change their social interaction skills and value systems . 8 . Form independent opinions and detect indoctrination . We then went on to show that the quality of traditional schooling declines the farther schools are from the urban center of New Delhi . A similar decline is visible in the UK as one goes to more economically disadvantaged areas . This has been attributed to the lack of teachers willing to work in these areas . TED.com : Bill Gates on mosquitoes , malaria and education Two landmark events took this work further . The first was a comment by the late Sir Arthur C. Clarke to me : "  Teachers that can be replaced by a machine should be " . The second was an experiment in a Tsunami-hit Indian village , where I was trying to prove that Tamil-speaking 12-year-olds can not teach themselves biotechnology in English . At the end of the experiment , a little girl told me , "  Apart from the fact that improper replication of the DNA molecule causes genetic disease , we have understood nothing else . " Finally , we found that the presence of a friendly , but not knowledgeable , mediator can enable children to reach levels of learning similar to formal schools with trained teachers . TED.com : Ken Robinson says schools kill creativity We went on to set up a "  cloud " of "  eMediators , " mostly retired schoolteachers with broadband access from their homes . Schools can access this "  cloud " over Skype and children can interact with the mediators over free videoconferencing . Interestingly , in the hands of good teachers , these methods can be powerful motivators for children , resulting in better performance . What started out as a solution for remote areas turned out to have universal applicability . Both HiW and the work done later are based on the concept of Minimally Invasive Education , a pedagogic method that motivates groups of children to learn in an environment with little or no intervention from teachers or other adults , and that formed the basis of the design of the ` HiW ' computers . It is now possible to formulate a new approach to learning , using these findings . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sugata Mitra .	Sugata Mitra : Experiments show students can teach themselves with computers He says students showed remarkable progress by working in teams Adult mediators can help further this kind of learning even without formal teacher training , he says
CNN  -- A U.N. special investigator called for the resignation of top Kenyan officials and sweeping changes in the country 's security forces to end reported widespread killings by police across the African nation . The report urged President Mwai Kibaki to publicly acknowledge his commitment to ending the killings . "  The special rapporteur concluded that police in Kenya frequently execute individuals and that a climate of impunity prevails , " Philip Alston said in a report a recently submitted to the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva . "  Most troubling is the existence of police death squads operating on the orders of senior police officials and charged with eliminating suspected leaders and members of criminal organizations . " The report calls for the resignation of Kenya 's attorney general and the immediate replacement of the police commissioner . It also says Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki should publicly acknowledge his commitment to ending unlawful killings by the police . The Kenyan government expressed its "  deep displeasure " with the report , questioning the special investigator 's "  approach , conduct and method of work . " "  The government expresses grave concern regarding the allegations contained in the report by the special rapporteur , " said Alfred Mutua , a spokesman for the Kenyan government . "  His questioning of the very basis of the Kenyan state and , in particular , its institutions is totally unacceptable and impinges on Kenya 's sovereignty . " Alston also accused government security forces of torturing and killing hundreds of men in a March 2008 crackdown on a militia in the Mt. Elgon district , in western Kenya . And he said there was compelling evidence that what he called police death squads were operating in Nairobi and Central Province with a mandate to "  exterminate " suspected Mungiki gang members . "  These are not "  rogue " squads , but police who are acting on the explicit orders of their superiors , " he said . The Mungiki militia , which is loyal to Kibaki 's Kikuyu tribe , began as a religious sect , but over the years has morphed into a gang that runs protection rackets -- particularly in the slums . The U.N. investigator suggested Kibaki acknowledge the alleged police killings and commit to stop them . He also advocated creating an independent civilian police oversight body , and said the prosecutor of the International Criminal Court should investigate violence after the 2007 election . He urged the government to create a witness protection program as well . Alston , who investigates human-rights problems around the world for the United Nations , traveled to Kenya at the government 's invitation . He stayed for 10 days in mid-February while 100 interviews were conducted in the U.N. member nation . There is hope for Kenya despite his criticism , Alston said . "  While the existing situation is bad , it is far from intractable , " the report says . "  If it so chooses , Kenya can significantly reduce the prevalence of unlawful killings . "	Report : Police death squads operate on the orders of senior officials Calls for resignation of attorney general , replacement of police commissioner Philip Alston accuses security forces of killing hundreds of men in 2008 crackdown Kenya questions investigator 's "  approach , conduct and method of work "
CNN  -- Senate Republicans have said no to any piece of legislation related to immigration that extends beyond border enforcement . Most recently , they killed the DREAM Act  it stands for Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors  with a filibuster and balked at the late-hour introduction of a comprehensive immigration bill by Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey . The conventional wisdom has been the GOP 's position was a good short-term strategy that would mobilize the Tea Party movement in a climate of left-of-center malaise and reinforce Republicans ' seemingly inexorable November landslide . There is good reason to believe , however , that obstructing Congress on immigration will hurt the party in this election and in the long-term . With the rise of Latino voters in the United States , obstructing immigration reform could cost the GOP votes on Tuesday and any chance of winning back the White House in 2012 and beyond . The DREAM Act is as American as apple pie . Behind it is the uncontroversial idea that we do not hold children accountable for their parents ' actions . Its basic premise is to offer a path to citizenship to children whose parents brought them to this country with or without their consent . In our broken system , once they grow up , these children face deportation to countries they have never known . Under DREAM , they would earn their citizenship by going to college or serving in the military , the latter option being the reason that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid appended DREAM to a defense bill . DREAM 's message is practical and straightforward : Encourage children of immigrants who have grown up in America to continue studying  good for the economy  or join the military  good for national defense  . But the GOP said no , as it said on energy spending , financial regulation and health care . On its face , this has just been the most recent episode in the GOP 's broader strategy -- block Democratic efforts and then denounce the Democrats as incapable ideologues . The difference on immigration is that Republicans said no while many simultaneously began supporting nativist state legislation , first in Arizona and then in more than 20 other states . The combination of saying no on DREAM while saying yes to laws that raise the ugly specter of racial profiling has caught Latino voters ' attention . Recent polls show that Latino concern about immigration is up . Moreover , since the DREAM Act was introduced in mid-September , LatinoDecisions polls have found that Latino voters have become more likely to cast ballots on Tuesday . Although Latinos remain displeased that Democrats have not passed immigration legislation , the same polls revealed increased Latino awareness of Republicans ' obstructionism and Democrats ' efforts . Moreover , a Pew Hispanic Center poll found that registered Latino voters are three times as likely to vote for Democratic candidates for the U.S. House  65 percent Democratic to 22 percent Republican  . These factors will likely have short - and long-term consequences . In the short term , the GOP 's intransigence on DREAM and active promotion of Arizona 's law and copycat laws have made the case to Latinos more forcefully than Democrats ever could about the need to vote on Tuesday . Latinos are the single-largest ethnic minority in the United States , and increased turnout in support of Democrats could reduce Republican gains in the House and Senate this week . Long-term , there 's recognition in some corners of the GOP that being the party of "  no " and "  get out " is a losing proposition . In the 1960s , the party lost African-American voters by opposing civil rights legislation , and they have never been able to bring them back . Today , they risk losing Latinos in the same way . Latino voters are like other voters . They generally care more about the economy more than anything else . In fact , Republican have an ideological advantage with many Protestant Latinos because of the party 's close ties to Christian conservatives . President George W. Bush won a majority among Latino Protestants in 2004 . But the party has squandered this advantage by turning immigration into a top issue in Latinos ' consciousness . A recent LatinoMetrics poll shows that immigration is now of at least equal concern to Latino voters as the economy , and concern over discrimination and racism has surged . Republicans should be concerned not only about Latino voting patterns in this election , but also about how their current position affects their chances of competing in future presidential elections . If Latinos come out as strongly for the Democrats in November as they did in 2008 , cooler heads in the GOP may prevail and press for compromise in the lame-duck session and the next Congress . Presidential aspirants , too , may push for an immigration solution in 2011 so that the issue fades away before the next primary season pushes candidates back toward the right . Finally , business leaders could play a key role in pushing the Republicans to their senses . Right-wing groups such as the Chamber of Commerce are already on the right side of this issue . Even Rupert Murdoch , whose Fox News continues to spew bile on immigration issues , has come out publicly for immigration reform . But the ability of these figures to wrest back control of the Republican position in 2011 all hinges on Tuesday 's vote . If the House returns to Republican control , it 's hard to imagine Rep. John Boehner -- who would become House Majority leader -- helping the GOP retreat from the precipice on immigration . A Boehner-led House could block any forward progress until at least 2013 . For Democrats , the longer-term silver lining of continued GOP obstruction would be the further alienation of Latinos from the Republicans . The short-term tragedy , though , would be at least two more years during which our immigration system would remain broken and 11 million immigrants would remain undocumented in this country , living on the margins of our society without the rights that their neighbors enjoy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Altschuler .	Daniel Altschuler : GOP has opposed any immigration legislation beyond border control He says party helped kill DREAM Act as part of strategy to thwart Democratic agenda Latinos see GOP 's position , he says , and it could hurt the party in midterms and beyond Altschuler : If Latinos vote for Dems in midterms , GOP may decide to deal on immigration
CNN  -- After scouring hundreds of miles of waters off Australia 's coast , authorities on Friday called off a search for two cruise ship passengers who are believed to have fallen overboard . The 30-year-old man and 27-year-old woman were reported missing when the Carnival Cruise ship Spirit docked in Sydney on Thursday morning , CNN affiliate Seven Network reported . The first clue came when they did n't claim their luggage . Maritime officers reviewed surveillance video from the ship and determined that Paul Rossington and Kristen Schroder went overboard Wednesday night . Authorities believe the couple fell about 150 kilometers  93 miles  off Foster , New South Wales . "  We believe that they were up mid-deck , which is halfway up the side of the ship , which is quite a way to fall , " said Detective Superintendent Mark Hutchings of the New South Wales Police Marine Area Command . Read more : Carnival cruise line in more troubled waters Late Friday afternoon , New South Wales police said they called off the search after finding no sign of the couple . The search , involving an Australian navy ship , the police force 's marine unit and the Australian Maritime Safety Authority , covered 1,360 square nautical miles , they said . The couple was sharing a cabin and traveling with family and friends on a 10-day Pacific Island cruise . Police said they are investigating the fall . Schroder 's family issued a statement thanking "  everyone involved in the search for both Paul and Kristen . " "  We would appreciate privacy and understanding while we come to terms with our beautiful girl 's tragic accident , " the family said . Carnival has been plagued by a series of high-profile incidents recently . In February , an engine room fire left the Carnival Triumph adrift in the Gulf of Mexico , with passengers reporting overflowing toilets and human waste running down the walls in some parts of the ship . On a March cruise , the Carnival Dream lost power , and some toilets stopped working . CNN 's Tina Burnside , Ric Ward and Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report .	NEW : Search called off late Friday afternoon The couple was at the end of a 10-day Pacific Island cruise . Police believe the two went overboard Wednesday night They were reported missing when the Carnival Spirit docked in Sydney
Washington  CNN  -- Republican Rep. Cory Gardner has won the race for Colorado 's U.S. Senate seat , defeating incumbent Sen. Mark Udall , according to a CNN projection . The state , which voted for President Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 , is a significant pickup for Republicans . This election cycle saw more than $ 100 million spent on TV ads for both candidates . Polling from recent weeks showed Gardner holding a slight lead against the incumbent senator , even though most fell within the margin of error . Udall spent much of the race trying to define Gardner as too conservative for Colorado . The one-term senator slammed Gardner repeatedly for co-sponsoring a "  personhood " bill . Yet his effort to get women to turnout quickly backfired after Gardner softened his opposition to birth control restrictions . Udall 's "  war on women " strategy was one reason the Denver Post chose to endorse Gardner , just six years after they backed Udall . The newspaper 's editorial board justified their endorsement noting that Udall "  devoted a shocking amount of energy and money " on a campaign meant "  to frighten voters rather than inspire them . " View the full results	Rep. Cory Gardner unseated incumbent Sen. Mark Udall Udall was widely panned for running a one-issue race by focusing on women 's issues
When China 's state-owned oil company dispatched an oil rig to a contested area of the South China Sea it flicked a match on a long-smoldering dispute with its communist neighbor Vietnam . Analysts say Beijing must have known the move would elicit some reaction , but it clearly did n't predict having to evacuate thousands of Chinese nationals desperate to put some distance between them and violent Vietnamese protests . "  The whole episode seems to reek of miscalculation , perhaps by both sides , but it demonstrates how volatile how this region can be , " said Alexander Neill , Shangri-La Dialogue Senior Fellow at the International Institute for Strategic Studies , Asia  IISS  . At issue is the positioning of an oil rig in waters claimed by both China and Vietnam . Vietnam claims the rig 's presence is "  illegal " while China says it has every right to drill , and has castigated the Vietnamese government for failing to ensure the safety of its nationals . To understand the issue , it 's vital to look at the exact position of the rig . Where is the rig ? In early May , Beijing announced the HD-981 rig would be parked at sea for exploratory work until mid-August . Owned by the China National Offshore Oil Corporation  CNOOC  , the rig is anchored in Lot 143 , about 120 nautical miles east of Vietnam 's Ly Son Island and 180 nautical miles from China 's Hainan Island , according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies  CSIS  . Analysis co-authored by CSIS experts said China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs appears to be basing its right to be there on the assumption that one of the Paracel Islands , which it claims as its own , is 17 miles north , allowing it to claim its own continental shelf in the region . China calls the contested Paracel Islands the Xisha Islands , while in Vietnam they 're known as the Hoang Sa Islands . Vietnam says the rig site is clearly on its continental shelf , and moreover is in its Exclusive Economic Zone . Hanoi has demanded that China remove the offending rig , escort vessels from the region and hold talks to settle the issue . The Chinese rig was escorted to the region by naval vessels and fighter jets , drawing Vietnamese boats to the area and raising tensions at sea . The Vietnamese have accused Chinese vessels of ramming and blasting its boats with water cannon . The Chinese say any conflict was provoked by Vietnamese harassment . Clashes on land Miles away from the standoff at sea , violent protests have erupted at Chinese and Taiwanese owned or operated factories , mainly in the provinces of Ha Tinh and Binh Duoung . Protesters smashed down gates and set fire to businesses , attacking anything deemed to be of Chinese origin , including its nationals . On Sunday , China chartered flights to evacuate 290 citizens , including 100 injured in the most recent violence . Video aired by state broadcaster CCTV showed some limping or being carried down the stairs of a medical flight arriving in the city of Chengdu , many with limbs bandaged . Two Chinese nationals were killed in earlier clashes , authorities said . Around 7,000 Chinese nationals had boarded ships or were due to do so this week , state news agency Xinhua reported . An outraged opinion piece published on the same site said the protests by "  irrational rioters " would in no way strengthen Hanoi 's "  groundless claim over Chinese territory and surrounding waters in the South China Sea . " Who is right ? While many commentators say Vietnam has every right to feel appalled over the positioning of the Chinese rig , at least one analyst says the issue not as clear cut as some suggest . "  Geographical proximity alone is not an unequivocal basis for claiming sovereignty or sovereign rights , " writes Sam Bateman in the Eurasia Review . Bateman , a senior fellow at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies  RSIS  at Nanyang Technological University , says Vietnam 's claim to the Paracel Islands is "  seriously weakened " by North Vietnam 's recognition of China 's sovereignty over the Paracels and lack of protest between 1958 and 1975 . In 1974 , the two countries fought the Battle of the Paracel Islands , which ended in a Chinese victory and complete control over the land and surrounding waters . After the reunification of Vietnam in 1975 , Vietnam 's leaders publicly renewed the country 's claim to the islands but the issue remains unresolved . In January this year , activists shouted anti-China slogans and laid flowers for more than 70 Vietnamese soldiers killed in the conflict , 40 years on . What is motivating China ? On the surface , oil would seem to be the reason China has waded into the disputed area but analysts say politics are clearly at play . "  This kind of a move by putting an oil rig in this sort of place , you could say it 's a carte blanche to allow China to enhance its naval operations in the region and to project its power further out into the South China Sea , " Neill said . It 's not the first time China has stepped on regional sensitivities by making high profile and deliberate incursions into contested tracts . There have been tense encounters between Japan and China over the Senkaku or Diaoyu Islands in recent years , and China has locked horns with the Philippines over competing claims to the Scarborough Shoal . In a statement released May 7 , the U.S. State Department characterized China 's latest move as a "  part of a broader pattern of Chinese behavior to advance its claims over disputed territory in a manner that undermines peace and stability in the region . " What 's the response from China ? The ferocity of the Vietnamese protests appears to have taken China by surprise and it 's clearly expressed its dissatisfaction with Vietnam 's handling of the unrest . On May 18 , China announced it was suspending some of its plans for bilateral exchanges with the country . It 's warned its citizens that Vietnam is not safe for travel , while the Global Times reported many Chinese travel agencies had suspended tours to Vietnam . China has also warned of other unspecified punishment , hinting that it will use its economic leverage . Trade between China and Vietnam reached more than 50 billion dollars in 2013 according to Chinese state media and Vietnam depends heavily on foreign investment . Commentary carried by China 's state-run Xinhua news agency suggested : "  It is advisable for the Vietnamese government to think of the bigger picture and not to get stuck in extreme nationalism so as to avoid escalation of violence and complication of the situation in the South China Sea . "  By immediately stopping the violence and any further provocations , Vietnam can work with China to tap the full potential of their economic cooperation in such areas as financial services and industry transfer . " How has Vietnam responded ? While maintaining its demands for China to leave the contested area , the Vietnamese government says it 's taken steps to dampen further protests . It has characterized the protests as "  spontaneous acts " by individuals who are exploiting the situation to "  cause social disorder . " Hundreds of people have been arrested and the government has reassured foreign investors that it attaches a "  special importance " to ensuring their safety . How is this likely to end ? Alexander Neill from IISS predicts relations between the two will be strained for some time , but trade ties between the countries are likely to offer a way forward . "  I think there 's a common misperception that the party-to-party relationship , the two communist parties in China and Vietnam , have this deep and understanding relationship . I do n't think that 's necessarily true . I think to a large extent this relationship is cosmetic , " he said . "  The real business of the relationship is in trade so that might be an area where there could be a way out , or channels of communication could speak more than political acrimony . "  The Vietnamese authorities ca n't afford to lose very significant chunks of investment into their economy . " Read more : Chinese ships reach Vietnam to evacuate citizens Read more : Protesters torch factories in southern Vietnam as China protests escalate Read more : China , Vietnam , Philippines collide	China evacuates thousands of nationals from Vietnam amid territorial dispute Protests erupted after China 's state oil company sent a rig to disputed territory Vietnam says the rig site is on its continental shelf and within its Exclusive Economic Zone China says the rig will be there until mid-August , has sent ships to guard the site
CNN  -- This last week has been chock full of gaffes by our presidential candidates -- a veritable gaffe-a-thon , a gaffe-a-palooza . President Obama and the Republican presidential candidates almost seem to be trying to one-up each other 's blunders . This "  March Madness " started off slowly enough last Monday with a small one by Rick Santorum : "  I do n't care what the unemployment rate is going to be . It does n't matter to me . " But then , just days later , the gaffes started flying fast and furious . On Wednesday , Mitt Romney 's communication director Eric Fehrnstrom told CNN that he was n't concerned if Romney was moving to the right on certain key issues during the Republican primaries because , as he put it : "  You hit a reset button for the fall campaign . ... It 's almost like an Etch A Sketch . " Only a few hours later , Rick Santorum , armed with an Etch A Sketch , commented that if voters are offered a choice between President Obama and Mitt Romney in this November 's election : "  We might as well stay with what we have instead of taking a risk with what may be the Etch A Sketch candidate for the future . " And then President Obama joined in . On Sunday , unaware that his microphone was on while he was speaking to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev about missile defense treaty negotiations , commented : "  This is my last election . After my election I have more flexibility . " If you were a staff member of any of these campaigns , you must have consumed an industrial size bottle of Pepcid AC over the last few days . But for the rest of us in America , these moments are great -- it 's just what we need to accurately assess our candidates . Let 's be honest , these comments were not "  gaffes " as the media dubs them , but rather , rare opportunities for us to have an unfiltered look at the candidates ' character and views on issues . A gaffe is defined as a mistake : a misstatement of fact , a mispronunciation of a word , a social faux pas . By way of example , President Obama made a classic gaffe by stating a few years ago that he had campaigned in all "  57 states , " when obviously he meant to say 50 states . Another gaffe occurred when President Obama was in Austria and commented : "  I do n't know what the term is in Austrian " for "  wheeling and dealing . " The gaffe being that there is no Austrian language . And , of course , George W. Bush was the gaffe-anator . His gaffes are legendary . My favorites were his coining of new words like "  misunderstimate " or saying , while at an event with the queen of England , that she first visited the U.S. in 1776 . But back to 2012 . The so-called gaffes in this campaign are not misstatements of facts or mispronunciations . When the words at issue were uttered , they accurately communicated the candidates ' views . The reason the statements were later labeled mistakes , and not at all what the candidate meant , was because of the ensuing firestorm of criticism in the media . But what do you think is a more accurate gauge of who a candidate truly is as a person : his or her prepared stump speeches delivered over months or a candid , unrehearsed comment on an issue ? The answers at the debates , which are regurgitated to us like a bird feeding its baby , or a spontaneous moment when the candidate speaks his mind ? There is not doubt that President Obama meant what he said to the Russian president . Just as Mitt Romney did with his past gaffes like "  corporations are people " and "  I like being able to fire people who provide services to me . " And does anyone question that Rick Santorum was n't being sincere when he remarked that after reading John F. Kennedy 's 1960 famous speech about the need to have a clear line between church and state , it almost made Santorum want "  to throw up " ? Of course he meant this -- after all , this is the same Santorum who has repeatedly stated on the campaign trail that our civil laws and the Bible must be in agreement . These rare , honest moments during the campaign should not be so quickly dismissed by the media or us as simply gaffes . These comments arguably paint a more accurate portrait of the candidate than any prepared speech they can offer us . Indeed , we should applaud and savor these gaffes , because it 's these very remarks that may ultimately help us decide if the candidate in question is truly the best suited to be elected or re-elected as president of the United States . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Candidates , campaigns have been making lots of gaffes lately He says candidates quickly backpedal from gaffes , but the public knows better He says these comments are less gaffes than accurate reads of a candidates viewpoints Obeidallah : We should applaud gaffes as a chance to see who 's suited for the job
RollingStone.com  -- Amy Winehouse 's wedding dress has been stolen from the late singer 's former home in north London , the BBC reports . Winehouse wore the dress when she married ex-husband Blake Fielder-Civil in 2007 . After Winehouse died in 2011 , her possessions were cataloged and stored at her house in Camden , and have been moved elsewhere over the past year . Her wedding dress and another dress she wore on "  Later ... With Jools Holland " are not thought to have been taken as a result of a burglary . The dresses were among items slated to be sold at a fundraiser in New York next year . "  People need to know they are not supposed to be out there on the market and they should not try to buy them , " a spokesman for the Amy Winehouse Foundation said . The dress Winehouse wore on the cover of "  Back to Black " sold last year for more than $ 64,000 and another of her dresses sold for more than $ 48,000 , the spokesman said , speculating that her wedding dress could have fetched as much as $ 160,000 for the foundation . London 's Metropolitan Police say they have yet to receive a formal report of the thefts . See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Amy Winehouse 's wedding has been stolen from her former home A burglarly is n't thought to be the cause The wedding dress was among items slated to be sold at a New York fundraiser Winehouse wore the dress when she wed ex-husband Blake Fielder-Civil in 2007
CNN  -- Andrew McMahon always wanted to be a rock star . When his band , Jack 's Mannequin , started touring in spring 2005 , the unexpected happened . Andrew McMahon , singer for the band Jack 's Mannequin , was diagnosed with leukemia in 2005 . McMahon was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia . Four years later , McMahon , now 26 , is still at it . He has a new album out called "  The Glass Passenger " and has taken the driver 's seat in starting a cancer research organization , the Dear Jack Foundation . CNN 's Nicole Lapin spoke with McMahon about living and working with cancer and now singing about it . The following is an edited transcript of the interview . Watch Andrew McMahon 's entire interview " Nicole Lapin : For those people who do n't know , you were formerly the front man for Something Corporate . When you started touring there , you had a bout with leukemia . When you were 22 , you were diagnosed . What happened there ? You first thought it was just fatigue , but it was something a lot worse . Andrew McMahon : Yeah , I was on the road . It was actually Jack 's -LSB- Mannequin 's -RSB- first tour ; we had actually just finished recording "  Everything in Transit , " which was my first record apart from Something Corporate . I was on the road and just kept losing my voice . It was just this thing that I could n't figure out . I always had kind of this really durable voice and was known for being able to go out all night and wake up the next morning and be signing like a bird . Sure enough , I went to my voice doctor in New York City after having to cancel a show , and he thought I looked pale and did n't think I looked well , and he took my blood . They sent me to the hospital for more tests , and I found out the next week -LSB- that I had leukemia -RSB- . Lapin : But you kept touring . McMahon : No , after that point I was in the hospital . I started in New York and eventually flew back here and was treated at UCLA by a great doctor there . I spent the better part of six to eight months kind of battling back from that . I had a stem cell transplant from my sister in that period of time , and I eventually got back on the road the following summer .	Andrew McMahon is the lead singer for Jack 's Mannequin Singer was diagnosed with leukemia during first headlining tour He created Dear Jack Foundation to raise awareness of cancer The band has since released "  The Glass Passenger "
CNN  -- This journey began with such a simple idea : a day of peace . We all want a world without war , without conflict , without human suffering . A single day is a window of opportunity . On September 21 last year , Peace Day 2011 , my organization , Peace One Day launched the 365-day countdown toward a global truce -- what we hope will be the largest reduction in global violence in recorded history , both domestically and internationally , and the biggest ever gathering of individuals in the name of peace . It would be the global community 's legacy , not mine . What we want to tell individuals is that the power to change the world lies in their hands . I do n't believe in cynicism , in apathy ; it does n't get you anywhere . Cynicism kills potential and possibility . And if we 're not working towards a better world , what 's the point ? When I was younger , I read a book by Frank Barnaby , this wonderful nuclear physicist . He said that media had a responsibility , that all sectors of society had a responsibility to try and move things forward . And that fascinated me . I was concerned about what was going on in the world . I could n't understand the starvation , the destruction , the killing of innocent people . I 'd been messing around with a camera most of my life ; I thought , well maybe I could do something . Maybe I could become a filmmaker . Maybe I can use the form of film constructively . TED.com : In defense of dialogue I thought I could go and film older and wiser people who would tell me how they made sense of what was going on around the world . But I realized that a series of sound bites in itself was n't enough , that there needed to be a mountain to climb , there needed to be a journey that I had to take . And if I took that journey , it would be completely irrelevant whether it failed or succeeded . The point is that there would be a hook : Is the destruction of the world inevitable ? Is humankind fundamentally evil ? As we become a global community , are we becoming indifferent to one another ? When it comes to the fundamental issues that humanity faces , solutions involve shifting consciousness towards cooperation . A single day is an achievable starting point . Making that starting point a self-sustaining , institutionalized celebration is what we work towards at Peace One Day . TED.com : Poems of war , peace , women and power Each year , September 21 marks Peace Day -- a day for wide-scale community action , and a day for United Nations agencies and aid organizations to safely carry out life-saving work . By 2007 , 100 million people were active on Peace Day and since then , Peace Day agreements by all parties to conflict in Afghanistan have resulted in the immunization against polio of 4.5 million children in areas hitherto unreachable or hard to reach due to conflict . On Peace Day 2008 , the U.N. Department for Safety and Security recorded a 70 % reduction in violent incidents in Afghanistan . For Peace Day 2012 , we are inviting all sectors of society to observe a day of Global Truce -- individuals in every country , at home , in schools , in the workplace , in our local communities , and those engaged in armed conflict on the international stage . Everyone has a role to play . The Global Truce 2012 campaign will only work if the people get behind it -- if you get behind it . Please join the campaign via www.peaceoneday.org and ask as many people as you can to do the same , via social media or via the new free Peace One Day App . Individuals can make a difference . By working together there will be Peace One Day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeremy Gilley .	Jeremy Gilley had a simple idea : A single day of peace every September 21 His organization , Peace One Day , calls for a day of cease-fire internationally In past Peace Day has allowed , for example , immunizations in Afghanistan , he says Gilley : Global Truce 2012 campaign will only work if people everywhere get behind it
New York  CNN  -- Protests swelled in cities nationwide Friday as police forces struggled to either corral or remove demonstrators from downtown parks and plazas in the latest development of the monthlong Occupy Wall Street movement . Scores of protesters were arrested in Denver , Seattle , San Diego and New York , though reports of violence were rare . CNN iReporters sent in photos and video from "  occupy " protests across several American cities . In San Diego , CNN affiliate KFMB broadcast images of police detaining demonstrators as they gathered amid tents and tarps strewn about a downtown plaza . Protesters appeared to refuse to leave the area , sitting in columns atop the plastic tarps and yelling "  stay down " as police tried to remove them from the scene . At one point , police used pepper spray to break up the crowd . "  We understand people have a right to protest  but  , somewhere along the line , people have a right to conduct business , " San Diego Police Chief William Lansdowne told CNN affiliate KGTV . Police eventually removed tents that had been set up by protestors and cleared the area by late afternoon . In Denver , authorities said 24 people were arrested as CNN affiliate KMGH broadcast aerial video of police detaining protesters in a downtown section of the city . Colorado State Police spokesman Mike Baker said the demonstrators could be identified as two distinct groups : The first was a part of what he described as the local "  Occupy " group , which maintained close communication with law enforcement during the demonstration . The second , he said , was a more "  radical " faction . "  These were the ones  police  came into trouble with today , " Baker said . Most of those arrested in Denver were charged with unlawful conduct on state property , he said , while one other person was charged with simple assault . Another protester was arrested for impeding traffic . In Seattle , police in riot gear rounded up and arrested 41 demonstrators who gathered in a city park , said police spokeswoman Renee Witt . In New York , Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne said law officers arrested 14 demonstrators after they sat in roadways to block traffic , overturned trash bins , knocked over a police scooter and hurled bottles . Wesleyan University student Ben Doernberg , who attended Friday 's protest in Manhattan 's financial district , shot video of at least one demonstrator being taken to the ground by police . The video captures a police officer pressing his night stick against the back of the protester 's neck during the arrest . The man is seen face down on the pavement . He can be heard screaming after what Doernberg described as an earlier incident in which the man 's leg was allegedly run over by a police motorcycle . "  I saw a number of other people being shoved or pushed with batons , " Doernberg said . "  I saw another officer punching people . " New York police disputed the claim that the man had been run over by a police vehicle . Independent witnesses from the New York Daily News and The Associated Press saw the man intentionally place his legs under the scooter , Browne said in a statement . "  The man  had repeatedly disregarded lawful orders to get out of the street and onto the sidewalk , and then feigned being run over before kicking over the police scooter . He was arrested for felony criminal mischief , obstructing governmental administration , disorderly conduct and resisting arrest , " the deputy police commissioner said . The demonstrations , meanwhile , seemed to pick up steam across the country by late Friday afternoon . CNN affiliate WDIV in Detroit showed aerial images of protesters rallying in city streets . An oversize sign fixed to the outside of a building read , "  Outsource to Detroit . " Hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons called the protests "  inspirational . " "  People want this country to be better , " he told CNN . "  They want the money out of Washington . " He said he believes the U.S. government remains largely controlled by corporations . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg also addressed the concerns again earlier Friday during his weekly radio show . He said Brookfield Office Properties -- the real estate firm that owns Zuccotti Park , considered a home base for Manhattan protesters -- made the decision not to try to clean up the park , as it had announced , after the company was "  inundated " with threatening calls from elected city officials . The mayor said on New York 's WOR Radio that he did n't know which officials allegedly made the threats , but the company decided to work out some form of a negotiated settlement in the coming days . Bloomberg added that while he lacked firsthand knowledge of the conversations , he was told the officials generally threatened to "  make life more difficult " for the real estate company . Brookfield Properties issued a statement later Friday saying "  a number of local political leaders " requested the cleaning of the park be deferred for "  a short period of time . " But the company declined to provide specifics on which city officials had made the calls or whether they were considered threatening . The clean-up cancellation , meanwhile , averted a broader showdown between authorities and demonstrators , who appeared heartened by news . "  We are winning and Wall Street is afraid , " protester Kira Moyer-Sims said in a written statement distributed by the group . "  This movement is gaining momentum and is too big to fail . " Bloomberg 's office also said the real estate firm withdrew its request for police assistance Friday . "  Our position has been consistent throughout : the city 's role is to protect public health and safety , to enforce the law , and guarantee the rights of all New Yorkers , " said Deputy Mayor Cas Holloway . City officials in New York had initially told the protesters , who have been mostly peaceful , that they would have to be ready to move out of the way of cleaners beginning at 7 a.m. . But the demonstrators mopped , collected trash and scrubbed the pavement in the dead of the night as the Friday deadline neared . When the word of the postponed cleaning filtered through the more than 1,000 protesters who filled the park , they appeared jubilant . "  All day ! All week ! Occupy Wall Street , " the group chanted , calling the development a victory of passive resistance . "  We 're extremely excited . This is an example of what people power can do , " said Tyler Combelic , a spokesman for the group . "  This is what democracy is all about in this country , " Protesters descended on Zuccotti Park , near the New York Stock Exchange , on September 17 to protest the nation 's ailing economy . A number of unions , including the United Auto Workers and the United Federation of Teachers , have since pledged to support the New York protest and similar demonstrations cropping up across the country . "  You want to clean up something ? Clean up these crooks on Wall Street , " shouted City Council member Charles Barron . Brooklyn Councilwoman Letitia James said the move to clean the park was a "  ruse " to end the protest . But Bloomberg said Wednesday that the decision to clean the park was made after the owners voiced concerns about "  unsanitary conditions and considerable wear and tear on the park . " "  The mayor is a strong believer in the First Amendment and believes that the protesters have a right to continue to protest , " his office said in a written statement . But the situation in the park is "  not in the best interests of the protesters , residents or the city , " it added . Share your photos , video from the protests , but stay safe Local business owners and residents have continued to express concerns about sanitation and the group 's affect on the local economy . The plan had been to clean the park in stages , with protesters being allowed to return to the park as areas were cleaned , but only if they obeyed the rules set forth by Brookfield Properties , the company said . Authorities had distributed a pamphlet at the park outlining the rules , which included a ban on camping or pitching tents ; lying on the ground or on benches ; placing tarps or sleeping bags on the ground ; and storing personal property that interferes with park use . The protest campaign began in July with the launch of a campaign website calling for a march and a sit-in at the New York Stock Exchange . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Rose Arce , Steve Kastenbaum , Raelyn Johnson , Deanna Proeller , John Couwels , Anna Gonzalez , Greg Morrison and Vivienne Foley contributed to this report .	NEW : Police use pepper spray against protesters in San Diego NEW : Reports of violence have been rare Police arrest 41 demonstrators in Seattle In New York , 14 people are arrested after blocking traffic and hurling bottles
CNN  -- If you can come up with a tale that better illustrates America 's messed-up moral views on abortion , parenting and personal freedom than the story of Crystal Kelley -- the surrogate mother who was offered $ 10,000 by the parents to abort the fetus she was carrying for them -- then you 've got a better imagination than I do . Let 's run through the story quickly : Kelley had agreed to be a surrogate and was being paid $ 2,222 a month by the parents for her trouble . But an ultrasound scan of the fetus showed serious abnormalities . Fearing that the child would never lead a normal life -- whatever that may be -- the parents asked Kelley to abort . Although the surrogacy agreement contained a clause to this effect , Kelley refused . This is where things became , to put it charitably , unseemly . The parents offered Kelly an extra $ 10,000 to terminate the pregnancy . Although she said she was against abortion for religious and moral reasons , Kelley eventually thought she might be able to quash those ethical qualms if the parents paid her $ 15,000 -- $ 5,000 apparently being the difference between "  against " and "  fine with it . " The parents refused , and Kelley says she regretted the offer . How to keep your surrogacy conflict-free From there , events degenerated into the default American setting for dealing with any disagreement : legal proceedings . Ultimately , Kelley decided to have the child , who was born with severe medical conditions and lives with adoptive parents . Both Kelley and the parents who paid her to be a surrogate have been roundly criticized for their behavior -- let 's be honest , no party haggling over the price of an abortion will ever win prizes for public morality . But in truth , neither Kelley nor the parents are to blame here . The problem stems from our conflicted understanding of what we mean when we say a woman has the right to choose what she does with her body . A woman 's right to choose is , of course , the founding principle of the pro-choice movement and its valiant campaign to keep abortion safe and legal -- no matter , for now , that the legality of abortion mostly rests on physician-patient privacy . But as a principle , the right to choose does n't just apply to abortion , it also underpins the ethics of surrogacy . The moment a woman is n't freely choosing to be a surrogate mother for someone else -- well , then we 're into Victorian Gothic by way of "  The Handmaid 's Tale " and Ripley in "  Alien , " and nobody really wants to go there . The idea of someone forcing a woman to bear their child against her will is horrifying . Of course , Kelley was not forced to be a surrogate . Indeed , she was being rather handsomely paid . Like most surrogates , she is not financially well-off ; note the distinct lack of fully employed , millionaire surrogate mothers . The temptation is to imagine that it is the money that is morally significant . Kelley was being paid , right ? So surely she is obliged to do what she is being paid to do ? It 's a basic capitalist principle : Money buys labor . There are terms and conditions , of course , but once agreed to , the labor must be carried out as agreed . A tempting view , but one which insists that you equate being pregnant with any other type of work , from shelf-stacking to brain surgery . This is , of course , nonsense . Pregnancy is something that only happens to women . The whole reason that we embrace the ethical principle of the right to choose is that it goes some way to ensuring that a woman 's biology does not come to define her life in a way that would never happen to men . Surrogate mother : A new wrinkle in the abortion debate It is a simple matter of justice : The right to choose goes a long way toward ensuring equal rights and opportunities for women . Turning pregnancy into work that can be bought and sold radically undermines that right . If we have any pretensions about defending a woman 's right to choose , then we must defend that right even when , like Kelley , she chooses to change her mind . Even when , like Kelley , her reasoning does n't always seem consistent . The alternative is that women 's bodies can be packaged up like any other consumer good and sold off to the highest bidder . This might seem to leave parents who seek surrogacy in a difficult position . How can they be sure that their surrogate will not change her mind and have an abortion -- or , like Kelley , refuse to ? The short and uncomfortable answer is that they can not , although the vast , vast majority of surrogacies are completed to the satisfaction and delight of all sides . Those who seek surrogacy should understand that it is only possible because we believe in a woman 's right to choose . I do n't for a moment wish to underestimate the needs and desires of those couples , but I do think it is important for us to recognize that , as an ethical issue , a woman 's right to control her body far outweighs anyone 's rights to have the child they want . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan O'Connor .	Dan O'Connor : Surrogate mom offered $ 10,000 to abort reveals our confused moral views O'Connor : The legal tug of war shows we need to clarify what "  right to choose " means If we think she 's obliged to terminate pregnancy , he says , it means money trumps principle Surrogates ca n't be forced , he says ; they have right to end or carry out pregnancies
CNN  -- Senate Democratic leaders announced they 've reached "  broad agreement " on a package of provisions to replace the public option , a move that means their version of the health care bill is morphing into something that looks less and less like the House version . Senate leaders are n't releasing details of the revised plan , so it 's unclear how much of the bill will be changed . Two Democratic sources said the deal includes a proposal to replace the public option by creating a not-for-profit private insurance option overseen by the federal Office of Personnel Management , much like the current health plan for federal workers , and another allowing people 55 or older to buy into Medicare coverage that currently is available to those 65 or older . The compromise appears to be a far cry from the government-backed public health care option offered in the House bill . The Senate 's original health care bill included a public option similar to that of the House version . The biggest difference was that under the Senate plan , states could opt out of the public option . Should the Senate pass a bill with the public option alternative , merging it with the House bill would not be easy , but there 's still a long ways to go before lawmakers get to that point . The Senate last month voted to begin debate on its version of the bill . Since then , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has been making changes and trying to secure the 60 votes needed to end debate on the bill . A simple majority -- 51 votes -- is needed for final passage . After the House and Senate bills are merged , each chamber must give the consensus version final approval before it goes to President Obama 's desk to be signed into law . The public option divide is just one of several differences that need to be ironed out . Depending on what 's in the new Senate package , a lot of the details could change , but here are some of the other issues expected to be sticking points : Abortion In the run-up to the House vote , Republicans and conservative Democrats joined forces to pass an amendment that tightens restrictions on federal funding for abortion services . The amendment would toughen funding limits in the health care bill , preventing subsidies not only from directly paying for abortions , but also from paying for any insurance plan that covers abortions . The prohibition excludes cases of rape , incest , or if the mother 's life is in danger . The Senate rejected a similar amendment but will allow the Health and Human Services secretary to decide whether abortion coverage would be granted under a government-sponsored plan and will permit coverage in private plans . But this is now subject to change , depending on the details of the Senate public option alternative . Medicaid expansion Medicaid , the government-run health care plan for the poor , would be expanded significantly under both proposals . The House bill would extend coverage to individuals earning up to 150 percent of the poverty line , or roughly $ 33,000 for a family of four . The original Senate plan ensured coverage to those earning up to 133 percent of the poverty level , or just over $ 29,000 for a family of four . This is subject to change , depending on the final Senate plan . Individual mandate Under both plans , individuals would be required to purchase coverage , but the House bill includes more stringent penalties for most of those who fail to comply . The Senate plan would require individuals to buy health insurance , with a fine for noncompliance of $ 95 in the first year that would escalate to $ 750 by 2016 . Parents would be responsible for providing coverage for children up to age 18 . The House bill would impose a fine of up to 2.5 percent of an individual 's income . Both versions include a hardship exemption for poorer Americans . Employer mandate Employers face a much stricter mandate under the House legislation , which would require companies with a payroll of more than $ 500,000 to provide insurance or pay a penalty of up to 8 percent of their payroll . The Senate bill would require companies with more than 50 employees to pay a fee of up to $ 750 per worker if their employees rely on government subsidies to purchase coverage . The House and Senate have agreed to create health insurance exchanges designed to make it easier for small businesses , the self-employed and the unemployed to pool resources and purchase less-expensive coverage . The House plan creates a national health insurance exchange ; the Senate plan calls for state health insurance exchanges in all 50 states . Illegal immigration Both bills state that subsidies can not go to undocumented workers , but differ in how they enforce that . They also differ on how easy it should be for illegal immigrants to buy health insurance with their own money . In general , the House bill gives illegal immigrants more opportunity to buy health insurance and would verify their identity in fewer areas . Proponents say it 's more humane and cost-effective . Opponents say it 's simply more liberal and would encourage more people to illegally enter the U.S. . The Senate bill , in contrast , would mandate verification in more areas and would sharply limit the ability of undocumented workers to buy their own health insurance . Both bills ban any government funds or subsidies from going to help illegal immigrants get health care . Democrats say they will tightly enforce that ; opponents sharply question the enforcement in the bill . Cost The House bill is more expansive -- and hence expensive -- than the Senate bill . The House bill , projected to guarantee coverage for 96 percent of Americans , will cost more than $ 1 trillion over the next 10 years , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office . The original Senate bill was estimated to cover 94 percent of Americans and came with an $ 848 billion price tag , according to the CBO . The CBO has not yet released an estimate of the new Senate plan . Financing One of the biggest divides between House and Senate Democrats is over how to pay for the plans . The House package is financed through a combination of a tax surcharge on wealthy Americans and new spending constraints in Medicare and Medicaid . Specifically , individuals with annual incomes over $ 500,000 -- as well as families earning more than $ 1 million -- would face a 5.4 percent income tax surcharge . The Senate measure also trims entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid . The bill also includes a range of tax increases and new fees . The Medicare payroll tax on individuals earning $ 200,000 a year and couples earning $ 250,000 a year would increase by a half-percentage point , from the current 1.45 percent to 1.95 percent . In addition , insurers providing costly health coverage -- known as "  Cadillac " plans -- would face a 40 percent tax on premiums of greater than $ 8,500 for individuals and $ 23,000 for families . The Senate bill also includes a 5 percent tax on the cost of elective cosmetic surgery , as well as new fees for insurers and pharmaceutical manufacturers . The revenue from all the taxes and fees is projected to exceed $ 200 billion . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Lisa Desjardins , Evan Glass , Kristi Keck and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Senate still has to vote to end debate , pass bill , then merge it with House version House version tightens restrictions on abortion funding ; Senate bill does not House version creates public option ; Senate Dems reached agreement on alternate package How to pay for the plans is another sticking point
Baltimore  CNN  -- Shortly after becoming the nation 's 112th Supreme Court justice , Elena Kagan by tradition was presented with a silver cup , engraved with the names of those who preceded her in that particular seat . Speaking Tuesday evening before an audience at a synagogue here , Kagan recalled one name standing out in her mind : Louis Brandeis , the nation 's first Jewish justice . "  His nomination was controversial , and it took some courage for the president to name him to the bench , " she said . "  He later faced prejudice on the bench . Justice  James Clark  McReynolds would turn his back on Justice Brandeis when he spoke from the bench , and refused to shake his hand or have his picture taken with him . " Ninety-five years and three justices removed in that seat she now occupies , Kagan said her Jewish heritage barely attracted attention when she was nominated last year . "  There are three Jews on the court , but nobody talks about that . It does n't matter , times have changed , " she said . Kagan addressed a mostly Jewish audience of Beth Tfiloh Congregation , celebrating its 90th anniversary . She was asked if her faith affected how she approaches certain cases , especially those involving religion . A case the court will hear early next month involves the State Department 's decision to currently list only Jerusalem as the place of birth on Israeli or Palestinian passports , deliberately leaving out the country name in that disputed region . An Israeli couple sued the government , and the issue is whether courts can intervene to overturn such executive and diplomatic decisions . "  I do n't think the fact I 'm Jewish will matter with respect to the Jerusalem passport case , and it should n't , " she said . "  Anyone who comes before the court should expect impartial justice , and getting the same kind of treatment . " Kagan deflected suggestions the court 's religious makeup -- three Jews and six Catholics -- would somehow undermine public confidence . "  It sometimes requires effort to put your feelings aside , " she said . "  We are all the sum of our experiences , but we  justices  all understand the role of the judge is to step back from any personal proclivities and look just at interpreting the law . " The 51-year-old justice noted her colleagues also share other things in common : all attended either Harvard or Yale law schools , and five , including Kagan , come from the New York City area . The justice was introduced at the Baltimore event by Sen. Benjamin Cardin , D-Maryland , a longtime member of Beth Tfiloh . Cardin also sits on the Judiciary Committee , which held confirmation hearings for Kagan last year . Kagan grew up in the west side of Manhattan , and describes her family 's religious journey as "  wandering Jews . " "  My mother never really found a rabbi she liked , so we joined several synagogues when I was growing up : Conservative , Reform , modern Orthodox . " The family settled on the Lincoln Square Synagogue , where Kagan was a pioneer of sorts , becoming the first girl to have a bat mitzvah at the Amsterdam Avenue facility . She was the one who insisted on it , after her older brother had his bar mitzvah . "  It was the great Jewish experience of my youth , " she remembered . "  It was a completely natural thing " to want to have a bat mitzvah . "  I had to negotiate myself with Rabbi  Shlomo  Riskin , " who had never before performed the coming-of-age rite with a 12-year-old girl . Compromises were made at the modern Orthodox synagogue : her ceremony took place on a Friday night in May 1973 , not the usual Saturday mornings boys enjoyed . The star student at her Jewish school read from the Book of Ruth . "  It was good , not great , " she said of the ceremony . "  It was not exactly what my brother had done , which is what I wanted . But the experience shaped my life , negotiating with Rabbi Riskin . It was a formative experience , and I guess I 've always been a striver . " That drive led her to the job that she says "  is now my life 's work , " a place she expects to stay for some time . Despite never having been a judge before , Kagan said the transition has been in some ways easier than she expected . "  Was I nervous , sure , " she said of her first days on the bench . "  But then I just starting speaking  during oral arguments  and I noticed , oh look , words are coming out of my mouth , and I think I 'm making sense . I can do this . " Her colleagues too , she said , have been enormously supportive , and have even opened new worlds for her . She recalled paying a courtesy call on Sen. James Risch , R-Idaho , shortly after her nomination to the court by President Barack Obama in May 2010 . Risch asked her about gun rights , and remarked she may not realize how important the issue is to some Americans , especially in his home state . She admitted never having owned or fired a gun before . "  But I told the senator if I was fortunate enough to be confirmed , I would go hunting with Justice Scalia . " And she has , joining her conservative colleague on an excursion to a Washington-area shooting range and on several hunting trips , until now never reported . Her host at the synagogue event was surprised . "  You 're Jewish , " deadpanned Rabbi Mitchell Wohlberg . "  Yeah , but it turns out , it 's kind of fun , " said Kagan , laughing .	Justice Elena Kagan talks about her life , her faith and her time on the Supreme Court She spoke to a mostly Jewish audience in Baltimore this week "  The role of the judge is to step back ... and look just at interpreting the law , " she says
Jakarta  CNN  Turkish officials have detained 16 Indonesian citizens who confessed they were planning to cross the border into Syria , Indonesia 's foreign ministry said . The group comprises a man , four women , three girls and eight boys , said spokesman Arrmanatha Nasir . The ages of the children have not been released . Nasir told reporters on Friday that the group was stopped in the southeastern Turkish city of Gaziantep , just north of the city of Aleppo in Syria . They admitted to officials they planned to enter Syria , Nasir said . The Indonesian government is sending a security team to Turkey to investigate the group 's objectives and plans and to increase cooperation with Turkish security officials , Nasir said . This group of 16 Indonesians is different from another 16 Indonesians who reportedly deserted their tour group recently in Turkey and are feared to have crossed into Syria . Nasir confirmed these are two separate groups .	The group is made up of one man , four women , 11 children They were stopped just north of Aleppo , Syria
CNN  -- It 's a South Korean car crash that has been viewed online 2 million times over the past week and has sparked a government-led investigation . A couple in their 60s were driving to a department store in Daegu , 238 kilometers  148 miles  south of Seoul , when their car suddenly accelerated . Their son , who wants to be identified only by his surname , Kwon , posted the video from May 6 onto an Internet forum , he says to prove his father was not at fault . Kwon told CNN , "  My father said he heard an odd noise from the car . He thought there was something wrong , then felt the vehicle suddenly accelerating . He twisted the car wheel to the left as he was trying to avoid the cars in front of him , and that is when the vehicle accelerated at a crazy speed . He continued to avoid traffic and people but in the end , there was nowhere else to dodge , and he crashed into a car . " The footage from a camera attached to the rearview mirror -- a common practice in South Korea -- shows that the car also drove through two red lights before it crashed into the stationary car at a speed believed to be 80 mph  129 kph  . You can hear the couple saying , "  Oh my God , what is happening , what is wrong ? " The wife screams "  Oh no " just before impact . Kwon says his mother , 63 , had an operation for internal bleeding and is awaiting a second operation on her back . His father , 65 , suffered a fractured finger and fractured ribs . The Ministry of Land , Transport and Maritime Affairs says it is investigating the claim of sudden unintended acceleration . Sohn Young-sam , an official at the ministry , told CNN that 80 claims of such acceleration have been investigated since 2003 . Hyundai declined a CNN interview request but sent a statement saying , "  The vehicle is being investigated by the Korean National Forensic Service . There is no time estimate for the conclusion of the investigation . " CNN 's K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	A car suddenly accelerated as a couple drove to a store Their son posted rearview camera video from the drive and subsequent crash South Korean ministry is investigating claim of sudden unintended acceleration Hyundai declines interview request , says National Forensic Service also is investigating
CNN  -- No evidence has surfaced of an explosion aboard a UPS cargo plane that crashed in Dubai last September , officials in the United Arab Emirates said Saturday . But UAE authorities are seriously looking into a claim by a militant group that it was responsible for bringing the plane down . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the Yemen-based arm of the al Qaeda terrorist network , claimed responsibility on Friday for the September 3 crash , which killed two pilots aboard , and last week 's foiled plot to send parcel bombs to U.S. synagogues . "  The investigators did not report any explosion , only a fire in the cabin , " Dahi Khalfan Tamim , Dubai 's police chief , told CNN on Saturday . "  Dubai police investigations revealed that an explosive parcel would have blown up the plane into pieces . " WAM , the United Arab Emirates News Agency , quotes the UAE 's General Civil Aviation Authority on Saturday as saying that probe did not uncover evidence of a blast on board . However , the authority said , officials are taking the claim seriously and it is under investigation . Investigators said earlier this month they had failed to turn up any evidence that terrorism was involved in that crash , which killed the two pilots aboard , according to a U.S. government official . About 45 minutes after UPS Flight 6 departed Dubai International Airport for Cologne , Germany , the crew declared an emergency due to smoke in the cockpit . They asked to return to Dubai , but shortly before the plane could get to the airport , it crashed . Officials in the United Arab Emirates have said -- and a U.S. official confirmed -- that the plane 's cockpit voice recorder has been examined and nothing on it indicates an explosion . Explosions have distinctive sound signatures , and that would have been recorded on the device , the official said . The UAE said it has "  eliminated the possibility of an onboard explosion , following a detailed onsite investigation of the wreckage . " White House counterterrorism chief John Brennan said Sunday that the United States is "  looking very carefully " at the September crash to see if it could be related to the recent terror threat involving cargo aircraft . A U.S. counterterrorism official said Friday that while "  there are very strong indications that AQAP was responsible for plotting last week 's disrupted cargo plane plot ... we ca n't confirm at this point their claims about the early September incident . " The latest threat was revealed October 29 when authorities in the United Arab Emirates and Britain found two explosives-laden packages sent from Yemen that were addressed to synagogues in Chicago , Illinois . The statement by AQAP said that since Western media did not link the September UPS plane crash to the group , "  we decided not to announce it so we could carry on a similar operation . " "  We did that this time using two devices , one of which was sent via the American UPS company and the other via the American FedEx company , " the statement said . The statement said its "  developed bombs will allow us the opportunity to detonate them in the air or after their arrival to their ultimate destination and they are designed to pass through all detectors . " CNN 's Rima Maktabi contributed to this report	The cargo plane went down in early September Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claims responsibility for the crash An explosion did not occur on the flight , authorities said
CNN  -- 4,316,233 . That 's how many babies were born in the United States in 2007 , the highest number ever . But after that , the number dropped . Last year , just over 4 million boys and girls were born in the 50 states . The likely reason ? The economy , of course . A decline in fertility rates that began in 2008 is closely linked to financial woes that started at the same time , said a new Pew Research Center report issued Wednesday . Changes in personal income , per capita GDP , unemployment rates and claims , and state-level foreclosure rates all had an effect . In 2007 , there were 69.7 babies per 1,000 women of childbearing age . Provisional data for 2010 showed that number had dropped to 64.7 . The actual number of births from 2008 to 2009 rose only in one state , North Dakota , which also posted one of the nation 's lowest unemployment rates at 3.1 % . "  This does not conclusively prove that the economic changes led to fertility changes , " the Pew report said . "  However , the timing is consistent with the time it might take people to act upon fertility decisions . " Historically , there 's evidence to back up the Pew analysis . Demographer Carl Haub said baby busts have occurred in other bleak economic eras of U.S. history . During the Great Depression , the fertility rate fell to 76.15 . During the oil shock decade of the 1970s , it plunged to 64.99 . In that sense , what 's happening now is normal . "  It 's almost certainly due to a lack of confidence in the economy , " said Haub of the private Washington-based Population Reference Bureau . Having children , he said , is expensive . You have to feed them , clothe them and send them to day care . And that 's hard when you 're without a paycheck or booted from your house . The same kinds of trends affect European nations as well . Fertility rates plunged , for instance , in Eastern Europe when the breakup of the Soviet Union destroyed the local economy . And they are down now , amid the current crisis , Haub said . "  Unemployment is rising and the airwaves flood our living rooms and cars with one bit of scary news after another , " Haub wrote in a 2009 report predicting birth rate declines in the current recession . "  Bad news travels fast and furiously these days , much more so than in the 1970s and 1930s . " But that 's not to say that Americans do n't want children anymore , Haub said . They are simply waiting for more prosperous times . The Pew report said Hispanics , whose employment levels and household wealth were hit hard by the recession , experienced the largest fertility declines of any racial or ethnic group . From 2008 to 2009 , birth rates dropped by 5.9 % among Hispanic women . For African-American women , rates dropped 2.4 % , and they dropped 1.6 % among white women . In 2009 , the Hispanic birth rate of 93.3 births per 1000 women was the lowest since 1999 . That came after a year when unemployment among Hispanics increased 2.0 % . According to the Pew Hispanic Center , Hispanics have also been the biggest losers in terms of wealth in the recession -- Hispanic households have lost 66 % of their median wealth from 2005 to 2009 . Haub said the drop in American birth rates is not significant enough to be alarming -- there 's not going to be a shortage of people anytime soon . But the decline could have a significant impact on markets that cater to children and families and also affect the need for teachers or other providers of children 's services . And things do n't appear to be changing anytime soon . "  We 're probably in for a somewhat longer term depression of the birth rate , " Haub said . "  The economy has definitely put a damper on it . "	A new Pew report says America 's birth rate plunged after 2007 It says the decline in fertility rates correlates to the start of the recession Historically , there 's evidence to back up Pew 's analysis Baby busts also occurred during the Great Depression and in the 1970s
CNN  -- There are promising signs that the Department of Education and the Department of Justice might be getting serious about holding for-profit colleges accountable after so many of them have deceived students for years . The devious practices of one of the country 's largest for-profit colleges finally caught up with it in June after years of accusations of inflated job placement rates , abysmally low graduation rates , high loan default rates and more when Corinthian Colleges reached a deal with the Department of Education to shut down its operations . In exchange for $ 16 million in operating funds , Corinthian -- the parent company of Everest University , Everest University Online , Wyotech , and Heald College -- agreed to sell off or close its more than 100 campuses across the country , while at the same time denying the allegations . Then , this month , the company announced it had received a grand jury subpoena from the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles , where the for-profit is based and where nearly a fourth of the school 's 107 campuses are located . The subpoena , which indicates a possible federal criminal investigation , requests the company turn over documents on its job placement rates , graduation rates , and materials used in marketing and recruitment . Now , as Corinthian winds down its operations , the Department of Education needs to make sure no student is left struggling after the demise of this institution . The 72,000 students trapped on Corinthian 's sinking ship are some of our nation 's neediest . Like many for-profit schools , Corinthian targeted students who are overwhelmingly minority , female and low income . They are veterans back from Iraq and Afghanistan -- Corinthian received $ 186 million in post-9 / 11 GI bill funds in 2012 -- blue-collar workers seeking to improve their skill sets , and single mothers who hope more education will help them provide for their children . Over and over again , for-profit colleges like Corinthian have failed these students by promising a quick path to financial stability through vocational education programs . But in reality , these schools are notorious for charging exorbitant tuition without preparing students for jobs in the real world . On average , tuition at for-profit colleges is four to six times higher than at a comparable public school . A two-year Senate investigation found a medical assistant diploma cost $ 22,275 at Corinthian 's Heald College in Fresno , California , while the same program at Fresno City College costs $ 1,650 . An undergraduate certificate in paralegal studies at the Anaheim campus of Everest Colleges costs more than $ 43,000 . At the Anaheim area community college , an associate 's degree in paralegal studies costs less than $ 3,000 . And students at for-profit colleges generally can not transfer credits because the schools lack the accreditation recognized by traditional community and four-year colleges . Without a job or the ability to transfer credits , students at for-profit colleges all too often find themselves unable to repay their loans ; for-profit college students represent just 11 % of federal loan borrowers , yet account for nearly 50 % of loan defaulters . Many of these issues apply to the deal with Corinthian , and students are being left in limbo . Depending on the accreditation each campus has , Corinthian students may not be able to transfer the credits they 've already earned . Most unbelievably , the Department of Education continues to allow some Corinthian college locations to enroll studentsâ $ " without meaningfully disclosing that the school is in the process of being sold off . The very arm of the government that should be protecting students is aiding the profiteers in a bait and switch . Corinthian has a long record as one of the worst players in the for-profit education industry . In 2012 , when the Department of Education released the first metrics to determine the success of career college programs , 44 of Corinthian 's programs failed outright . In fact , Corinthian Colleges performed worse than any other for-profit chain . But because a lawsuit prevented those metrics from being enforced , Corinthian 's practices and programs continued unabated . Last year , the Securities and Exchange Commission and Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced investigations of the company 's lending practices . Earlier this year , the Department of Education asked Corinthian to document its job placement and graduation rates , and when the documentation never arrived , the department delayed the release of financial aid to Corinthian 's students . Despite taking $ 1.4 billion from the federal government in 2012 alone , Corinthian ca n't keep its doors open . It is also under investigation for deceptive practices by the attorneys general of California and Massachusetts . Last August , I represented the Mississippi Center for Justice and other low-income legal services providers on a Department of Education committee that proposed regulations to bring greater accountability to the for-profit college industry . Our committee worked hard to add teeth to the rules that govern for-profit colleges , but industry trade groups began to pressure the Department of Education to water down those standards . The collapse of Corinthian makes clear just how important these new regulations are . If meaningful regulations had already been in place , it 's quite likely that many of the 72,000 Corinthian students would n't be facing such tremendous uncertainty today . While we ca n't fix the past , we can make steps to start protecting students now . For those students enrolled at schools that the for-profit is selling , the Department of Education must ensure that the buyer will allow students to complete their degrees . It should not allow sale of the company to another failing school offering unmarketable degrees . Otherwise , the Corinthian problem will not be solved by the shut down -- it will simply be a name change . Corinthian and other similar colleges have made a profit for decades off the backs of students . As a nation , we must say "  enough . "	Whitney Barkley : Government is at last making for-profit colleges accountable Barkley : Corinthian Colleges must shut down after inflated job rates , low graduation rates Barkley : For-profit colleges charge sky-high tuition without getting students ready for jobs She says for-profits target and rip off minorities , females , veterans , blue-collar students
CNN  -- Jennifer Schuett 's search for the man who snatched her from her bed when she was 8 , sexually assaulted her and left her for dead on top of an ant hill ended Tuesday with the arrest of a suspect . Jennifer Schuett , 27 , was abducted and left for dead at age 8 . A suspect was arrested Tuesday . Now begins another chapter in Schuett 's 19-year quest for justice . Standing in front of the television cameras , Jennifer Schuett blinked back tears . "  This is a huge day for me , " she later told CNN over the phone . "  And I want to see this through the end . The rest will come out during the trial . " Schuett , 27 , joined a multi-agency team of investigators in her hometown of Dickinson , Texas , as they announced the arrest earlier in the day of Dennis Earl Bradford , a 40-year-old welder , in Little Rock , Arkansas . The arrest came after new DNA testing and other evidence made it possible to identify Bradford as the suspect . Schuett 's boyfriend and two police investigators who kept the case alive stood beside her . Fighting tears , she thanked them for their support . "  Throughout this journey , I 've had two main goals , " she said . "  And they were to find the man who kidnapped , sexually assaulted and attempted to murder me 19 years ago so that he could not hurt anyone else . And to use my voice in telling my story to as many people as I possibly could over the years in hopes that I may encourage other victims of violent crimes to stand up and speak out against criminals . " Watch Schuett explain why she 's speaking out " She continued , "  Today , I can say very proudly that I have accomplished both of these goals . " Schuett spoke with CNN two weeks ago about her 1990 ordeal . CNN normally does not identify victims of sexual assaults . But Schuett decided to go public with her story and her name to increase the chances of finding and prosecuting her attacker . Schuett was in her bed when a man crept in through a window on August 10 , 1990 . She remembers waking up in a stranger 's arms as he carried her across a dark parking lot . She said he told her he was an undercover cop and knew her family . He drove her through the streets of Dickinson , pulling into an overgrown field where , she said , he sexually assaulted her . She passed out . When she regained consciousness , she was lying on top of an ant hill with her throat slashed and her voice box torn . She spent about 14 hours in the field before she was found and rushed to the hospital in critical condition . "  Three days after the attack , I started giving a description . The doctors told me I would never be able to talk again , but I proved them all wrong , " Schuett said . She believes she got her voice back so she could tell her story . At the news conference , a driver 's license photo of the suspect was shown next to the 1990 sketch based on her description . There was a clear resemblance . Watch the sketch artist 's memories of Schuett " Shauna Dunlap , a spokeswoman for the FBI 's Houston office , said Bradford lived in North Little Rock , with his wife and two children -- a boy , 12 , and a girl , 15 . He also has three adult stepchildren . Bradford worked as a welder for United Fence in North Little Rock . A company representative said Bradford had been working there for 10 years and was a "  good guy " who had mended "  his old ways " and "  changed his life . " He would n't go into specifics about what those "  old ways " were . Court documents give some indication . In 1996 , Bradford was accused of kidnapping , sexually assaulting and cutting the throat of a female victim . He was initially charged with attempt to commit first-degree murder , but prosecutors amended the charges to rape and kidnapping . A Garland County Circuit Court jury found him guilty of kidnapping but was not able reach a verdict on the rape charges . Arkansas corrections officials said he entered prison in March 1997 , facing a 12-year-sentence , and was paroled in February 2000 . Investigators also found Bradford lived slightly more than two miles from Schuett 's residence and just a mile and a half from where she was found , according to an affidavit released Tuesday . "  It 's truly a rare occasion when we have the opportunity to prosecute a case like this , " said Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk . His office is charging Bradford with attempted capital murder . "  Jennifer has been a tremendous asset to this investigation from the beginning , an inspiration to all of us , and we are going to be very proud to have Jennifer by our side as we continue with our efforts to seek justice for you in the courtroom , " said Sistrunk . The break in the case came after FBI agent Richard Rennison and Dickinson police Detective Tim Cromie persuaded the FBI 's Child Abduction Rapid Deployment  CARD  team to get involved . "  The main reason the CARD team picked this case was because she was alive , " Rennison said . "  In cases of child abduction , it is rare that the child is recovered alive . Frequently , you recover a body . And most times , you never find them . " In March 2008 , the investigators found evidence collected 19 years ago -- the underwear and pajamas Schuett was wearing , as well as a man 's underwear and T-shirt , which were found in the field where Schuett was left for dead . The clothes had been tested in 1990 , but the sample was n't large enough for conclusive results . But newer techniques allow DNA to be isolated from a single human cell . The FBI lab recently informed Rennison that the DNA in the man 's underwear matched Bradford 's DNA profile . He was entered into the database after the 1997 kidnapping conviction in Arkansas . Bradford was arrested on Tuesday morning on his way to work . He awaits extradition to Texas . CNN 's Mallory Simon contributed to this story	Jennifer Schuett waited 19 years for arrest of man who allegedly attacked her Welder Dennis Earl Bradford , 40 , arrested Tuesday in Arkansas Schuett was grabbed from her bedroom and left for dead at age 8 Advanced DNA tests provided a break in the case ; DNA was in clothing
Cairo  CNN  -- A top aide to Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy blamed a small but powerful minority for the political upheaval that has plagued the country ahead of a planned constitutional referendum . The country will vote Saturday on whether they approve or disapprove of a new constitution recently drafted . The statements are the latest in a volley of accusations between Morsy 's supporters and opponents , and they highlight a political crisis that at times has spilled into the streets , prompting the president to deploy troops and tanks to protect government buildings . "  You have the majority of the poor people , the simple , definitely for the president and for the constitution , " Muhammad Rifaa al-Tahtawi , Morsy 's chief of staff , told CNN on Sunday . "  You have a majority among the elite who are not for this constitution . Businessmen , media people . They are definitely a small minority , but powerful minority . " Al-Tahtawi 's comments followed calls by the opposition for new , nationwide protests while accusing Morsy of risking a "  violent confrontation " by moving forward with the scheduled vote Saturday . Read more : What 's driving Egypt 's unrest ? But al-Tahtawi dismissed the threat , saying the issue would be decided by the people . "  If we do not manage to come to terms , let us go to the people , " he said . Even so , Morsy has authorized the army to help maintain security ahead of the vote , giving it the power to arrest civilians . Al-Tahtawi told CNN the army will work with police to protect voters and government building 's during voting . "  It is possible that we 'll have problems . But if voters turn out en masse , I do n't think there will be any violence , " he said . Opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Monday that the groups opposing the constitution are still considering their response . "  We will either boycott or vote no , " he said , calling the entire process illegitimate . Last week , protesters marched almost every day on the presidential palace , which has been the scene of violent clashes pitting thousands of protesters -- for and against Morsy . Egyptian authorities said at least six people have been killed in violent clashes in recent days , while the Muslim Brotherhood -- the group that backs Morsy -- has said eight of its members were killed . More than two dozen Muslim Brotherhood offices , as well as its headquarters in Cairo , have been attacked . The crisis erupted in late November when Morsy issued the edict allowing himself to run the country unchecked until a new constitution was drafted , a move that sat uncomfortably with many Egyptians who said it reminded them of ousted President Hosni Mubarak 's rule . Morsy had said the powers were necessary and temporary . Anger about Morsy 's move led to protesters reoccupying Tahrir Square , the scene of the Arab Spring uprising that saw Mubarak ousted in 2011 . Thousands later protested outside the palace , where the opposition clashed with the Muslim Brotherhood . The anger only grew when the Islamist-dominated Constitutional Assembly pushed through a draft despite the objections of the secular opposition , including some members who walked out in protest . Morsy , who is backed by the Muslim Brotherhood 's political party , has refused to delay the referendum , saying a constitution is essential for the fledgling democracy . The opposition , meanwhile , says the document does not represent all Egyptians . The opposition has accused Islamists , predominantly the Muslim Brotherhood , of manipulating the poorer portions of the population , using a fear of God and religion to drive them to vote . In an interview with CNN , al-Tahtawi , who also is backed by the Muslim Brotherhood , disagreed with the opposition 's characterization , describing it as "  part of the disease of the elite . " An independent judiciary has backed Morsy , finding that the referendum must be carried out on December 15 to meet a legal requirement . Morsy canceled the edict that gave him virtually unchecked powers over the weekend , though he did not roll back the directives he put in place before it . Among the steps he took was setting the date of the constitutional referendum . A coalition of Egyptian Islamic parties , including the Brotherhood , says it rejects any postponement of the vote . A countering coalition of Morsy 's opponents , the National Salvation Front , called for protests Tuesday and Friday . CNN 's Reza Sayah reported from Cairo , and Amir Ahmed from Atlanta . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy gives army authority to arrest civilians Morsy 's top aide says troops have been deployed ahead of the vote In CNN interview , the aide blamed the upheaval on businessmen and the media The opposition is calling for new , nationwide protests ahead of Saturday 's vote
Republican members of the New Jersey legislative committee investigating Gov. Chris Christie 's involvement in the Bridgegate controversy blasted the panel 's work , calling it "  a shiftless , broken political vehicle , " in a report released Monday . Republicans also called for an independent investigation into whether the committee misused taxpayer money for political purposes . The committee met Monday to publicly release an interim report that failed to find any conclusive evidence tying Christie to the scandal . The report leaked to the press last week . But Republicans used the meeting as a platform to release their own "  minority statement , " slamming Democratic co-chair John Wisniewski 's handling of the probe into last year 's lane closings on the George Washington Bridge . "  An opportunistic and power-hungry politician also used those reprehensible lane reassignments as cover , while leading a legislative committee to try to execute a two pronged political mission : take down Governor Chris Christie , the biggest political threat to state and national Democrats , and in so doing , become the next Democrat gubernatorial candidate , " the report said . State Sen. Kevin O'Toole , a Christie ally , said during Monday 's meeting that Republicans planned to forward their report to the office of the state Attorney General asking for an independent prosecutor to examine whether the committee misused taxpayer money for political purposes . "  The committee was formed to stack the partisan deck against Republicans in a way that was merely window dressing in the name of bipartisanship , " O'Toole said . "  Co-chairs never shied away from the microphone and camera to spread their prejudicial and predetermined outcomes . " Wisniewski , meanwhile , said the process "  may well serve as a great example , perhaps the greatest example , of legislative oversight in our state 's history . " He said that the committee was unable to interview key witnesses . The committee , he said , is ready to continue its work should more evidence become available .	A panel investigating New Jersey 's Bridgegate controversy released its finding Monday Republicans on the panel differed from their Democratic counterparts and want their own probe
PHUKET , Thailand  CNN  -- Experts investigating the Thai plane crash have recovered the plane 's flight data recorders , officials said Monday as survivors of the disaster recalled how their holiday jet careered off the runway and was engulfed in fire . Rescue workers examine the scene of the One-Two-GO Airlines plane crash Monday in Phuket . Sunday 's crash left 88 people dead and investigators trying to determine just what caused the smash at the airport at Phuket in southern Thailand . Thailand 's Deputy Transportation Minister Sansern Wongchaum said that results from the recorders would take around a week to come back . "  Then we will analyze and then we will ... see what the real reason is of the situation here , " he said . American crash investigators are likely to aid enquiries . The aircraft that crashed was a U.S.-made McDonnell Douglas MD-82 , and the National Transportation Safety Board will assist the Thai government in the investigation , according to a statement on the NTSB 's Web site . Only 40 of the 130 passengers onboard the flight survived as the plane skidded off the rain-soaked , wind-swept runway and smashed into a hillside in flames . As fire spread through the wreckage of the One-Two-GO jet , those who were able scrambled for the exits . Watch a survivor recall the fiery horror " Erik Nihlen , a Swedish tourist who helped open an emergency exit door , told his mother that he and other passengers had feared the aircraft might crash as strong winds buffeted the plane during its second attempt at landing on Sunday . "  When they were up in the air , they thought something was not right , " Maria Nihlen said . "  Before the second  landing attempt  , they knew that they were going to crash and they formed into position for an emergency landing and , well , then it happened . " She said her son -- who suffered minor bruises -- was stuck in his seat belt as passengers climbed over him to get to the exit door , which was still closed . "  People were falling over him ... and then the shelf fell over him from above , " she said . "  But he and his friend managed to actually push hard away the people to be able to open the emergency exit door . " John Gerard O'Donnell , an Irishman who spoke to the reporters from his hospital bed , said he escaped by climbing out an exit door onto the plane 's wing . "  I just ca n't get my head around what happened , " said O'Donnell , whose face and arms were bandaged . "  As the plane was landing , you could tell it was in trouble 'cause it kind of landed and came up again , " he said . "  Then the second time , it just smashed . " He said the exit door was "  kind of crushed , but we got to squeeze through and onto the wing . " "  My friend was outside , I seen him , he got out before me , and next thing it really caught fire then , " O'Donnell said . "  I just got badly burnt -- my face , my legs , my arms . " He said he had arrived Saturday in Bangkok and intended to spend the week in Phuket with his friend , who underwent surgery for his injuries . William Harding , who witnessed the crash from another One-Two-GO aircraft that had landed just five minutes before , said he saw flames engulf the plane . "  After about five minutes of burning , there was a small explosion that blew off the top of the plane , " he said . "  My friend  who also witnessed the crash  ... was saying that in that flight some of the crew jumped at the last minute and the plane kind of burst into flames . " Flight 269 was carrying 123 passengers and seven crew members when it left Bangkok at 2:30 p.m.  7:30 a.m. GMT  , a spokesman for the Thai discount airliner said . It crashed shortly after landing in the resort town of Phuket at approximately 3:50 p.m.  8:50 a.m. GMT  , he said . Nationalities of the injured include British , Swedish , Iranian , Austrian , Australian , Thai , German , Irish , Italian , Israeli and Dutch , authorities said . Israel 's Ambassador to Thailand , Yael Rubinstein , said at least two of the 10 Israeli citizens who were on board the flight are alive and were only lightly injured . The other eight Israelis are missing at this time , the ambassador said . The death toll climbed to 88 Monday as diplomats and investigators converged on the scene of Sunday 's deadly crash . "  At this time , the death toll is at 88 , and salvaging of the plane is still going on and we expect that this will finish today , " said Thai Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont . "  Now , the deputy director of the Airports of Thailand and the Minister of Transport are trying to find more dead bodies that may still be within the plane 's debris . " At least four Americans were killed in the crash , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok said . Piriya Khempon with Thai Ministry of Foreign Affairs said there are 40 known survivors , with two people unaccounted for . "  We are trying our best to cope with the situation , " he said , adding officials from the German , British , French , Israeli and Australia embassies had arrived on a ministry flight overnight . Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Canberra was ready to help . "  We are offering the Thai government the assistance of an Australian Federal Police disaster victim identification team , " Howard said . "  We have five police victim identification experts ready to go to Thailand straight away . " Flights from Phuket International Airport were canceled following the crash and remained closed on Monday . Phuket International Airport is the second-busiest airport in Thailand , according to the airport 's Web site . The airport is about 20 miles  32 km  from downtown Phuket . One-Two-GO 's Web site says the four-year-old company had 13 aircraft and operated 168 flights per week in Thailand . E-mail to a friend	Thai air crash kills 88 people , with 40 known survivors , officials say America 's NTSB sending an investigation team , flight recorders recovered One-Two-GO airways jet was trying to land in Phuket in bad weather Mother of survivor : ` They knew that they were going to crash '
CNN  -- Mathieu Flamini scored the winner nine minutes from time as a second-string AC Milan side beat third division Novara 2-1 at the San Siro on Wednesday to reach the Coppa Italia quarterfinals . Milan coach Leonardo made 11 changes to the side that won 3-0 at Juventus on Sunday with Ronaldinho , David Beckham , Andrea Pirlo and Alessandro Nesta not even included on the bench . Veteran striker Filippo Inzaghi opened the scoring on 12 minutes but in the first minute of the second period Pablo Gonzalez stunned the home fans by drawing Novara level . But French international Flamini won the match for the Rossoneri with a shot from the edge of the penalty area . Milan will now will play Udinese or Lumezzane for a place in the semifinals . Meanwhile , Juventus bounced back from their weekend humbling as an Alessandro Del Piero double , one from the penalty spot , helped them to a 3-0 victory over 10-man Napoli in Turin -- easing the pressure on under-fire coach Ciro Ferrara . Diego scored the opener as a full-strength Juve blew away Napoli 's 14-match unbeaten run under coach Walter Mazzarri , although he did rest many first team regulars . Napoli had Matteo Contini sent off for a second yellow card for a foul on Diego in the lead-up to the penalty . Catania recorded an impressive 2-1 win away to Genoa to also reach the last eight . Two goals from Gianvito Plasmati put the visitors two up before Marco Rossi pulled one back 57 minutes . But Genoa hopes of a comeback were dashed when Socratis Papastathopoulos  58  and then Rossi  59  were both sent off . Inter Milan and Roma had previously also qualified for the quarters , with the final three qualifiers to be decided on Thursday .	AC Milan and Juventus are both through to the quarterfinals of the Coppa Italia A much-changed Milan side beat third division Novara 2-1 at the San Siro thanks to Mathieu Flamini 's winner Alessandro del Piero scores twice for Juventus , who return to form with a 3-0 win over Napoli
One of the basic tenets of Obamacare is that the government will help lower-income Americans -- anyone making less than about $ 45,900 a year -- pay for the health insurance everyone is now mandated to have . But a CNN analysis shows that in the largest city in nearly every state , many low-income younger Americans wo n't get any subsidy at all . Administration officials said the reason so many Americans wo n't receive a subsidy is that the cost of insurance is lower than the government initially expected . Subsidies are calculated using a complicated formula based on the cost of insurance premiums , which can vary drastically from state to state , and even county to county . That does n't change the fact that in Chicago , a 27-year old will receive no subsidy to help offset premiums of more than $ 165 a month if he makes more than $ 27,400 a year . In Portland , Oregon , subsidies for individuals making just $ 28,725 a year phase out for those younger than 35 years old . The subsidies situation is adding another layer of complications and calculations to the already-complex picture of Obamacare . And Obama administration officials had promised that the threshold for government assistance would be higher . Subsidies are based on a formula set by law , applying to individuals with annual incomes of one to four times the poverty level -- or $ 11,490 to $ 45,960 . A subsidy calculator The percentage people have to pay for insurance increases on a sliding scale , with those making $ 11,490 paying no more than 2 % of their income , and those making $ 45,960 paying no more than 9.5 % unless they choose to select a more expensive plan . Back in April , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told a congressional subcommittee that any individual making under that $ 45,960 threshold -- or four times the poverty level of $ 11,490 for an individual -- would qualify for "  an upfront tax subsidy . " "  Somebody who 's making $ 25,500 would definitely qualify for a subsidy if he or she is purchasing coverage in the individual market , " Sebelius added . Despite the secretary 's assurance , a 25-year-old living in Nashville , Tennessee , making $ 25,500 will not qualify for a subsidy , for example . An administration official , presented with the data that many low-income Americans would not receive a subsidy , argued that lower premium costs meant the market was working . "  In some instances , because of the competition that the marketplace creates , premiums have come in so low that the premium is below the ceiling in the law , " said HHS spokeswoman Joanne Peters . "  This means that , in some places , people will pay less than they would with a tax credit . " Cancer survivor : Obamacare got me covered To calculate premium subsidies , the government sets a maximum amount that low-income customers will have to pay for insurance as a percentage of their income . That cap is then subtracted from the cost of a mid-level insurance plan in the individual 's region , and the difference is their subsidy . The insurance companies knock that amount off the price of premiums before the customer pays . But if the baseline plan is cheap enough , the formula is thrown off and the subsidy is zero . "  The way the subsidy works is by capping the percent of your income that you 'd have to spend on a silver premium , " said Cynthia Cox , a policy analyst at the Kaiser Family Foundation , referring to the medium-level insurance plan the government uses as the baseline . "  But if the premium before subsidies is already so low that it falls below your income cap , then you would n't qualify for a subsidy even if your income would otherwise qualify for one . " This means that in places like Minneapolis , Minnesota , where premiums are especially low , a 40 year old making $ 28,725 a year would get no help from the government to purchase insurance . In that case , this individual would be earning just 250 % of the federal poverty level , far below 400 % where the subsidies are supposed to end . "  While you do n't qualify for subsidies your premiums are already lower , " Cox pointed out . "  So in this example , this person is only going to be paying $ 154 a month whereas the same person living somewhere else would be paying $ 193 a month after subsidies . " Still , because of what government officials have been saying about who would get subsidies , many low-income consumers are counting on subsidies to lower their costs , no matter how small those costs may initially be . The actual age and income level where subsidies phase out differs depending on the cost of insurance , which are often lower in cities than in more rural areas . Opinion : Generation Y should opt for Obamacare But no matter where a person lives , premiums increase based on a customer 's age , meaning this problem will disproportionately affect younger customers . Two exceptions are in New York and Vermont , where state laws require insurance companies to charge younger customers the same as older customers . "  There 's a lot of interest in getting young people to enroll in coverage because that helps bring down the average cost , " Cox said , but these younger , healthier consumers might stay out of the exchange it they "  do n't have subsidies to incentivize them to enroll . " As incomes increase , the age cap gets even higher . Part of the reason for the sizable difference between the actual subsidy caps in certain cities and the intended cap under the law is that actual premiums came in below what the government and the Congressional Budget Office estimated . "  The CBO projected premiums to be approximately 16 % higher than they turned out to be , " Cox said . Because Kaiser based its estimates on the CBO 's , much of its projections turned out to be slightly off . The actual subsidy caps only became clear after October 1 , when the foundation was able to compile the cost of the second-lowest silver plan from every coverage area in all 50 states and the District of Columbia . White House : Politics are n't pushing back start date of 2015 Obamacare enrollment	Sebelius said in April : "  Anyone under 400 % of poverty will qualify for a tax subsidy " CNN crunches the numbers , finds many low-income younger Americans will get no subsidy Officials now say that 's because the cost of insurance is lower than initially expected Competition put premiums "  so low that the premium is below the ceiling , " says HHS spokeswoman
Washington  CNN  -- "  Worthy of trust and confidence " is the motto of the almost 150-year-old U.S. Secret Service , and Director Mark Sullivan now faces the dual task of proving it true and keeping his job . A scandal involving allegations of partying with prostitutes in Colombia shortly before President Barack Obama 's arrival last week for the Summit of the Americas has forced a rare spotlight on the internal workings of an agency labeled as secret . Sullivan , a Secret Service veteran for almost three decades who was sworn in as director on May 31 , 2006 , is the focus of demands by the White House and Congress -- and a perplexed American public -- to figure out exactly what happened . At issue is how 11 agents ended up in a potentially compromising situation in violation of agency standards . More important are questions raised about whether it was a lone incident or indicative of a culture far removed from the legendary discipline and integrity exuded by the agency . So far , three Secret Service members are leaving over the scandal -- one forced out , one retiring and one resigning -- and more resignations are expected . While one member of Congress has called for Sullivan 's ouster , other influential legislators and officials quickly defended his initial steps in dealing with the scandal . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Thursday that Obama has "  faith in the director  and  confidence in his leadership , " adding : "  We are not going to prejudge outcomes and discuss the future of this agency in a press briefing while this investigation is going on . " "  The fact of the matter is this is an incident that requires investigation , " Carney said . "  The Secret Service has acted with speed in addressing the matter , investigating the matter , holding people accountable , and continuing to push forward with the investigation . " Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Pat Leahy , D-Vermont , said he has been in close touch with Sullivan and believes the agency director is taking "  serious action " to investigate the incident , while House Oversight Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , said he has a high level of confidence in Sullivan . Steps taken so far include bringing home the agents involved , stripping them of their security clearance and questioning that has included at least one polygraph exam . In addition , sources said Sullivan wants to form an outside panel to examine if the Cartagena incident reflected a problem of wrongdoing embedded in agency culture . "  He 's outraged by this , " CNN National Security Contributor Fran Townsend said of Sullivan after talking to him . Rather than making Sullivan the target or fall guy , members of Congress want to give him the opportunity to investigate it and bring in outsiders to look at the agency culture , Townsend said Thursday . Despite their initial praise , legislators made clear they need more answers . Issa and the ranking Democrat on the oversight committee , Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , sent Sullivan a letter demanding comprehensive information on the incident . Cummings told CNN of a conversation he had with Sullivan on Wednesday -- before the departures of the initial three Secret Service agents were announced -- that explained the culture of pride permeating the Secret Service . "  I could tell that he was very upset , and probably more upset than a lot of the people on  in Congress  can be , " Cummings said Thursday . " ... I asked him a question . I said , ` Look , I get the impression that there 's a culture of pride , of excellence , of being the best . ' I said , "  Is it possible that these men might resign ? ' He said he had absolutely no doubt that they would . " Cummings continued : "  They have this pride they do n't want any bad apples and so it probably would be so uncomfortable to them that they would leave . So , yesterday 's actions with regard to folks leaving and being fired did not surprise me one bit . " To Congress and the nation , the Secret Service symbolizes the highest level of protective security . Most visible are the agents who guard the president and vice president , familiar to the public by their sunglasses and earphones and through films such as "  In The Line Of Fire " starring Clint Eastwood in 1993 and "  Guarding Tess " a year later with Shirley MacLaine and Nicolas Cage . The Secret Service was created as a division of the U.S. Treasury on July 5 , 1865 , to suppress counterfeit currency . It quickly expanded to take on the Ku Klux Klan , moonshiners and others "  perpetrating fraud against the government , " according to the Secret Service website www.secretservice.gov . The agency assumed responsibility for protecting the president in 1902 , and its role continued to expand in ensuing decades . When the Department of Homeland Security was created after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , the Secret Service moved over from Treasury . Sullivan has an exemplary record with the Secret Service , rising up through the ranks and receiving the Distinguished Presidential Rank Award in 2005 and 2010 , the website said . Born in Arlington , Massachusetts , Sullivan graduated from Saint Anselm College in New Hampshire and joined the Secret Service as a special agent in Detroit in 1983 . Among his assignments were stints in the fraud division and the presidential protective division before becoming a supervisor . The Colombia scandal is not the first public problem encountered under Sullivan 's direction . In 2009 , a couple got into a White House state dinner without invitations , embarrassing the Secret Service . While the agency had ultimate responsibility for security that night , the problem was eventually attributed more to a White House failure to check invitations . Sullivan 's challenge now is to make sure that the agency 's reputation of excellence as an elite force continues , Cummings said . "  It 's just not what happened here , but it 's even the appearance that that organization could be pierced , " he said . "  We do n't even want people to even be thinking that that 's possible . And so they 've got to re-establish trust , and they also have to make sure that any holes they may find , any weakness , will be filled . " CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Mark Sullivan is trying to protect the agency 's reputation , and his job The alleged prostitution scandal in Colombia raises questions about agency culture Influential legislators say Sullivan has acted swiftly and effectively so far on the problem Sullivan has spent almost 30 years at the Secret Service
Seoul  CNN  -- South Korea is breaking new ground Thursday on a resettlement facility for North Korean defectors , reflecting the increasing number of people escaping food shortages and harsh living conditions of the hermit state . CNN got rare access to the first Hanawon center built in 1999 south of Seoul . Hundreds of defectors learn how to live in a free and prosperous nation , the exact opposite of the nation they have fled . The oldest student is age 84 and the youngest just one month . Daily lessons teach the basics of life in South Korea such as how to buy a subway ticket , open a bank account and how to understand the language . With little outside influence since the Korean War in the 1950s , North Korean language is rigid and difficult for their Southern neighbors to understand . It 's not just physical lessons that many Hanawon students need , said Youn Miryang , a center director . "  25 % of refugees are suffering from post traumatic stress disorder , they feel anxiety , they can have phobia against the people , " the director said . Counselors help defectors cope with the trauma of fleeing North Korea and in many cases the sense of guilt they feel at having left loved ones behind . Mobiles are strictly banned here . With a camera in every phone these days , officials worry photos of defectors could find their way back to North Korea and they say family members would be severely punished by the North Korean military . The new facility , the third such center , will cost the South Korean government $ 35 million and will be able to take up to 500 defectors for the mandatory three month training before being released to find their place in South Korean society . More than 20,000 defectors live in South Korea , according to the Unification Ministry . At the ground-breaking , Minister Hyun In-take said it is more than a building . "  With realistic concerns about future unification , we are making substantial and practical preparation for a society in which North and South Korean people live together , " the minister said . Jiyeon Lee contributed to this report .	South Korea breaks new ground on a resettlement facility Hundreds of defectors learn how to live in a free and prosperous nation Daily lessons teach the basics of life in South Korea
CNN  There are 2,325 billionaires in the world , according to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014 , and just over 12 % of them are women . With a combined wealth of $ 930 billion , the world 's richest females are making their mark on the global economy -- and their fortunes are only expected to improve in 2015 . Of the 286 female billionaires identified , only 17 % have self-made fortunes . The U.S. is currently home to the highest number of self-made female billionaires -- but future billionaires creating their own fortunes are predicted to come primarily from emerging markets . These wealthy women have an average age of 61 years and over 65 % of them inherited their wealth from multinational corporations , including retail store Walmart and cosmetics giant L'Oreal . Below , CNN reveals the women at the pinnacle of the rich list in each of the world 's regions . The wealthiest woman in North America is Christy Walton . As the widow of John Walton , son of Walmart founder Sam Walton , Christy Walton inherited a portion of the retail fortune following her husband 's death in 2005 . With an estimated worth of $ 37.9 billion she is the world 's richest woman . In recent years , Walton has stepped into the world of film production , bankrolling 2013 movie "  Bless Me , Ultima , " based on the controversial novel by Rudolfo Anaya . Globally , the U.S. is the country with the highest number of billionaire residents -- both male and female . It boasts 609 of the world 's richest people . The oldest female on the list is L'Oreal heiress Liliane Bettencourt , who turned 92 last year . Aged just 15 , Bettencourt joined her father 's cosmetics company as an apprentice and today her $ 31.3 billion fortune makes her the richest woman in Europe , and the second richest female in the world . Europe is home to more billionaires than any other region , with 775 of the world 's monied elite living there . Australasia 's wealthiest woman is mining heiress Gina Rinehart . Described by Forbes as the "  queen of the global iron-ore trade , " the 60-year-old controls Hancock Prospecting and is worth an estimated $ 14.8 billion . Rinehart has now expanded her portfolio beyond mining with significant shares in Australian media organizations Fairfax Media and Ten Network Holdings . Vanessa , Maria and Johanna Slim are daughters of Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim and are the richest women in Latin America . The sisters have reportedly been receiving increments of their father 's fortune since 2003 and today are thought to individually have a worth of $ 6.3 billion , giving them a combined total of almost $ 19 billion . The sisters have been active in their father 's philanthropy foundations , but not the family business , according to Institutional Investor . At 33-years-old , Yang Huiyan is the youngest female on the list as well as being the richest woman in Asia . Having reportedly received 70 % of the shares for Chinese real estate firm Country Garden from her father in 2007 , Huiyan is now worth an estimated $ 6.3 billion . Yang is vice chairman of the board 's governance committee and helped raise $ 410 million selling new shares last year , according to Forbes . U.S.-born Israeli Shari Arison is the wealthiest woman in the Middle East after inheriting a fortune from father Ted Arison , founder of the Carnival Corporation cruise company . She now owns Arison investments , the controlling shareholder of Israeli bank Hapoalim . Arison has also invested in water company Miya , which aims to maximize the efficiency of water distribution in urban areas . Forty of the world 's billionaires live in Africa . The richest woman on the continent is Nigerian oil , fashion , and printing tycoon Folorunsho Alakija . The self-made billionaire , whose entrepreneurial career started tailoring , now owns Famfa Oil and is worth an estimated $ 1.2 billion . Insight : Most inspiring women of 2014 See : Women run bank differently	Nearly a quarter of world 's billionaires are women , with combined wealth of $ 930 billion Wealth-X has compiled a list of the wealthiest women in each region Topping the list in North America -- and globally -- is Christy Walton worth $ 37.9 billion
New York  CNN  -- An on-air meteorologist for New York 's WABC-TV has been arrested , accused of falsely reporting an attempted sexual assault to police , a story she later recanted , according to the New York Police Department . Heidi Jones , who does weather reports on the station 's weekend newscasts , called police November 24 saying she had been attacked while jogging in Central Park on September 24 , according to a police spokesman who would not provide a name , citing police policy . Jones said she had crossed paths with the attacker , whom she described as a Hispanic male in his 30s , on November 21 when she said he taunted and harassed her . Police said Jones recanted the story as she was being questioned after filing the initial report . Her motivation for giving the story is unclear . Jones was arrested Monday and has been charged with a misdemeanor count of making a false report . According to a statement read on WABC on Wednesday , Jones has been suspended from the station pending an internal investigation .	Heidi Jones is a weekend on-air meteorologist for WABC-TV She has been suspended pending an internal investigation , the station says Police say Jones recanted her story during questioning
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- Sudanese authorities disrupted a plot "  to create chaos , target leaders of the country and destabilize the county , " in what appeared to be an attempted coup d'etat , Sudan 's minister of information told reporters Thursday . "  The act was planned for last Thursday , then was postponed to this Thursday , " Ahmad Bilal Osman said . The government 's goal was "  to have it aborted before it began , and that happened . " Read more : Sudan and South Sudan sign partial agreement Earlier in the day , the semi-official Sudanese Media Service had reported that , "  according to a source in the National Security  agency  , a plan of sabotage was aborted at dawn this morning that aimed to create security chaos which was led by persons from the opposition . " Thirteen people were arrested , according to Osman , most notably Salah Ghosh , former head of Sudan 's National Intelligence and Security Services . Read more : Sudan to reopen borders with South Sudan Sudanese Media Service said the source added that there was a "  plan of sabotage which sought to shake the stability and security of the country , " and that after the arrests , "  the specialized authorities " immediately began investigations of "  civil and military persons connected to the plan . " The apparent coup attempt comes at a time when Sudan is facing serious challenges with conflicts in the country 's peripheral provinces of Blue Nile , South Kordofan and Darfur . Read more : Sudan president vows to ` punish ' South Sudan Sudan 's oil-dependent economy took a blow in 2011 when South Sudan seceded , taking with it the majority of the oil wealth . Economic austerity measures last summer sparked Arab Spring-like protests against the government , and increased calls for reform within the National Congress Party , led by Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , who has ruled since 1989 . Read more : Supermodel Alek Wek 's emotional homecoming Witnesses said they saw tanks and military vehicles move around in the capital in the very early morning hours Thursday . "  I saw tanks around one of the bridges , " one witness said . Osman said "  things are now stable " and "  there is no extension of this act into the army or security " services . "  Some in the opposition dreamt that this chaos would create an opportunity to topple the regime , " he said . "  They are dreaming . "	"  A plan of sabotage " sought to destabilize Sudan , the minister of information says Thirteen people were arrested , he says , including a former intelligence chief Current members of the army and security agency were not involved in the plot , he says
CNN  -- "  We do n't really care what the federal government wants to call us , " Aran Rush was saying the other afternoon . "  We know that we 're a good place . " Rush is the executive director of the convention and visitors bureau in Sioux City , Iowa , and we were discussing what has happened to the little airport with the big problem . The problem was never the airport itself . By all accounts , Sioux Gateway Airport , serving Sioux City and the surrounding area in northwest Iowa , northeast Nebraska , eastern South Dakota and far southern Minnesota , is a fine facility . But the three-letter identifier -- the three capitalized letters that appear on baggage-claim tags , that are used nationwide to refer to the Sioux City airport , that pilots and air-traffic controllers use to designate Sioux City -- has long been a headache for the town . Every city , in this era of marketing and branding , likes to present itself as something special -- a destination that is sparkling and inviting , a wonderful place for families to settle in , or for businesses to set up shop . So , to the dismay of Sioux City , it has not been especially helpful that , for as long as there has been commercial air travel into the town , travelers have glanced at the tags on their checked baggage and have noticed that the official designator for the town is : SUX Yep . Generations ago , federal aviation regulators gave Sioux City that identifier . It was a shortened version of "  Sioux . " That was in the years before those three letters took on a somewhat unfortunate tone . Los Angeles International Airport was LAX ; O'Hare International Airport in Chicago was ORD ; LaGuardia in New York was LGA ; Sioux City was SUX . No big deal . Until it was . No city , no airport , wants to be connected to those letters . It 's not a great calling card , not an ideal howdy-do to the world beyond the town 's borders . Many people find the word  however you spell it  offensive -- and if you , by chance , think the word is not very nice , try to consider how the proud citizens of Sioux City have felt . On two occasions -- in the 1980s , and again at the beginning of this century -- Sioux City earnestly and formally petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration to change the letters . The word just was n't doing the town any good . On both occasions , nothing happened . I covered Sioux City 's second attempt to get rid of SUX ; a spokeswoman for the FAA at the time signaled to me that the town 's odds of getting three new letters were slim . The Sioux City airport director at the time told me the FAA informed him that the only reason it would change a three-letter identifier was for safety considerations . He conceded that he did n't know how SUX could be construed as a safety issue , "  unless pilots are laughing so hard when they hear it that it distracts them from doing their job . " The reason I got back in touch with Sioux City 's leaders last week is that recently the federal government has shown it will speedily get involved in aviation-related issues when it wants to . Congress stepped in to ease air-traffic delays caused by federal spending cuts ; the Department of Homeland Security and the Transportation Security Administration , to put travelers ' minds at ease , backed off on its plan to allow passengers to bring small knives onto planes . So I wondered if Sioux City was still trying to persuade the government to allow it to get rid of those three dreaded letters "  We decided to go completely the other way , " said David Bernstein , president of the airport 's board of trustees . "  The FAA was n't going to change it , so it was n't going to do us any good to whine about it . " Thus , the town made a bold decision : It would embrace the SUX designator . It would make it part of Sioux City 's charm -- a whimsical part of the civic personality . T-shirts were printed up with those three capital letters on the front ; hats and postcards and coffee mugs and balsa-wood airplanes and silver-wing pins were manufactured , all jauntily bearing the letters . On I-29 between Sioux City and Omaha , Nebraska , a big billboard was rented , displaying , in huge type , those letters , as a way to lure passengers to the airport in Iowa instead of the one in Nebraska . "  In warm weather , you can walk around Sioux City and see people wearing the T-shirts all the time , " Bernstein said . "  At our coffee shop in the airport , between one-third and one-half of net revenues come from the sale of items with those three letters on them . " The city -- in the words of tourism director Rush -- has "  very successfully made lemonade out of some lemons . Our treating the situation with good humor has emblemized the spirit of Sioux City -- one of grit and determination , something no label from the government can change . " The airport commission 's Bernstein said that "  it 's better to be memorable than to have three initials no one can really recall . " In fact , in the spirit of all this , the town ended up renaming the official website for the airport ; it is now www.flysux.com . And who , on a national scale , can argue with that message ? These days , with overcrowded planes , long security lines and hefty fees to check baggage , flying often really does ... well , you know . What will Sioux City do about the letters in future years ? It could once have sought counsel from two of the most famous people ever born there : twin sisters Ann Landers  Eppie Lederer  and Dear Abby  Pauline Phillips  , who left Sioux City to become the two most renowned newspaper advice columnists in history . But both have passed away , and are no longer available for commiseration . So the town is on its own . The mayor , Bob Scott , a lifelong resident , told me that he wants the world to know that Sioux City does n't do what those three letters on the baggage tags says . It is , he said , a great place to live , "  and we 're thankful for that . " He sends emphatic word to potential visitors that they will be warmly welcomed : "  Absolutely . We 'd love to have them . "  And , " the mayor said with a laugh , "  they can buy a T-shirt . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : The acronym for Sioux City 's airport has long been a headache Greene : The city tried to change it , but FAA would only act if it was a safety issue So the city "  very successfully made lemonade out of lemons " Greene : Now you can buy SUX postcards and mugs and proudly wear SUX T-shirts
CNN  -- Syria 's air force has repeatedly carried out "  indiscriminate , and in some cases deliberate " airstrikes against civilians , Human Rights Watch said in a new report . The attacks are serious violations of international humanitarian law , and those who commit such violations with criminal intent are responsible for war crimes , the rights group said . The claims are laid out in an 80-page report titled "  Death from the Skies , " based on visits to 50 sites of government airstrikes in opposition-controlled areas in Aleppo , Idlib and Latakia provinces . The group 's researchers carried out more than 140 interviews with witnesses and victims . "  In village after village , we found a civilian population terrified by their country 's own air force , " said Ole Solvang , a researcher for the rights group , who visited the sites and conducted many of the interviews . "  These illegal airstrikes killed and injured many civilians and sowed a path of destruction , fear and displacement . " Human Rights Watch said bakeries and hospitals have been targeted , in violation of the laws of war . But Sharif Shahadeh , a lawmaker in the Syrian parliament , questioned the accuracy of the Human Rights Watch report . Syrian jihad group pledges allegiance to al Qaeda No military target , group says For the report , Human Rights Watch documented in detail eight airstrikes on four bakeries . Its research "  indicates government forces targeted bakeries and civilians waiting in breadlines in airstrikes as well as in artillery attacks , " the group said . "  For each of these attacks , Human Rights Watch was not able to identify any military target , such as fighters or weapons , in the vicinity . " It cites the Syrian Revolution General Commission , a local opposition group , as saying Syrian forces have attacked 78 bakeries across Syria , either by airstrikes or artillery shelling . Repeated airstrikes on two hospitals in the areas Human Rights Watch visited "  strongly suggest that the government also deliberately targeted these facilities . " The rights group accuses the Syrian armed forces of using means such as unguided bombs , and methods such as fighter jets and high-flying helicopters , "  that under the circumstances could not distinguish between civilians and combatants , and thus were indiscriminate . " Altogether , the airstrikes documented by Human Rights Watch killed at least 152 civilians , though the actual number is probably higher . According to a network of local Syrian activists , airstrikes have killed more than 4,300 civilians across Syria since July 2012 , the rights group said . CNN is unable to independently confirm reports of casualties in Syria because access by international media is heavily restricted . White House signs off on new aid ` Political accusations ' Shahadeh , the pro-government lawmaker , told CNN Arabic that the information available to lawmakers , based on intelligence reports , indicates "  that the Syrian military air force only strike the locations of the terrorist armed groups , " the term the government uses for rebel forces . "  For months , the majority of the reports issued by international organizations and some even by the United Nations include blatant political accusations rather than factual or technical investigations . "  There is no benefit for the regime to target civilians who are already suffering from the criminal acts carried out by the terrorist organizations that the regime troops are fighting . " The Syrian government has accused rights group of misrepresenting the facts and favoring the "  terrorist groups " it says are behind the violence in Syria . Human Rights Watch points out that the obligation to minimize harm to civilians applies to all parties to a conflict and that the rebels are not blameless . "  The Free Syrian Army  FSA  and other Syrian armed opposition groups did not take all feasible measures to avoid deploying forces and structures such as headquarters in or near densely populated areas , " the report said . Opinion : Syrian rebel group 's dangerous tie to al Qaeda Rebels say they downed helicopter Meanwhile , a YouTube video posted by Syrian activists Thursday claimed that rebel fighters had shot down a Syrian military helicopter , killing four crew members on board . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , an opposition group , said rebel fighters shot down the helicopter north of Maarat al-Numan . It was carrying food supplies to two regime bases , Wadi al-Deif and Al-Hamdiyeh , which have been under siege by the rebels for several months , the Observatory said . CNN could not independently verify the claim . The bases are strategically important to forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . If the rebels took them , it would enable their forces to cut off the single route in Idlib that the government uses to supply troops operating in Aleppo . The rebels already control the border crossings with Turkey in the north , so the government would be forced to use a more difficult route going from Latakia . Opinion : Before taking on Syria , U.S. should heed lesson of the past In a Daraa city , opposition cites a massacre Civilians were killed when Syrian forces used air cover to storm the city of Sanamein in Daraa province Wednesday , the opposition said . Daraa is where the anti-government uprising got going more than two years ago . The Local Coordination Committees in Syria called the act a massacre , saying at least 60 people were killed and al-Assad 's government used civilians as shields to hold off rebels . More than 200 people were detained , homes were burned , and snipers targeted more than 10 civilian-filled cars fleeing to safety , the LCC said . The Syrian National Coalition , representing the anti-government fighters , said the action illustrated "  the lust of killing and thirst for blood in the hearts of those belonging to the criminal regime of Assad . " "  The criminals shelled the town  and  then they stormed it , allowing their loyalists to commit despicable atrocities against civilians . They took hostages as human shields . They also slaughtered people and committed vandalism and theft . These despicable acts against women , children and unarmed civilians indicate how the regime is incapable to confront the men of the revolution and the free Syrian army , as well as the failure to stop the liberation of Daraa province . " At least 149 people were killed across the country on Thursday , the LCC said . Read more : Syrian war is everybody 's problem Read more : Syria 's al-Assad : British leaders ` shallow , immature ' CNN 's Ammar Benaziz and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	A Syrian lawmaker casts doubt on the report , says forces strike only "  terrorist armed groups " Report : Syria 's air force has carried out indiscriminate , sometimes deliberate strikes on civilians Human Rights Watch says it has documented breaches of international humanitarian law It says bakeries where civilians were queuing for bread have been targeted
Tokyo  CNN  A bizarre and alarming discovery is raising concerns in Japan about the potential for terrorism involving drones . A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Japan 's equivalent to the White House on Wednesday , police and government officials said . The discovery came on the same day a Japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the Sendai nuclear power plant in Kagoshima prefecture , more than four years after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster . Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many Japanese , who view nuclear energy as too dangerous . A staff member spotted the drone Wednesday morning on the roof of Abe 's residence , Tokyo Metropolitan Police said . Dozens of police investigators were dispatched to the roof to investigate the origin of the drone , which had four propeller and was 50 centimeters  20 inches  wide . Police say the drone was equipped with a small camera , smoke flares and a plastic bottle containing small traces of a radioactive material believed to be cesium , a common byproduct of nuclear reactors . Cesium was also discovered in areas around the failed Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant after its 2011 meltdown . Investigators suspect the cesium was placed in the bottle . The amount inside is not immediately harmful to humans . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said the discovery is raising concerns about terrorism . "  There might be terrorism attempts in the future at the Olympics and G7 Summit using drones , " Suga said . "  So we need to examine and review continuously the way small unmanned vehicles like drones should be operated and how to cope with the threat of terrorism from drones . The government will do all that we can to prevent terrorism . " Japanese law restricts drone flights around airports to prevent problems with aircraft , but there are no flight restrictions for most of Tokyo , including the Prime Minister 's residence and local and federal government buildings . Abe was not in his office at the time . He is in Indonesia , attending the Asian-African Conference . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Joshua Berlinger and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	The drone is sparking terrorism concerns , authorities say It was equipped with a bottle containing radioactive material It was discovered as a court approved a plan to restart two Japanese nuclear reactors
CNN  -- Comprehensive immigration reform . Suddenly the phrase is on everyone 's lips . From President Barack Obama to rising Republican star Sen. Marco Rubio to right-wing television hosts Sean Hannity and Bill O'Reilly . As if by magic , everybody 's for it after six years of ducking and using reform as a political wedge issue -- everybody wants to get it done . But what exactly is it ? What kinds of changes will it entail , and what will they mean for America ? After more than 10 years of on-and-off debate in Washington , the most important piece of the puzzle is still rarely discussed and poorly understood . Obama often talks about reform without even mentioning it . It never came up on the campaign trail . It 's not what brought Latinos out to vote in record numbers . And although it 's likely to be included in the framework for reform expected to be released Monday by a bipartisan group of Senators , the concept gets very little attention from the media , English - or Spanish-language . iReport : Under deportation , above fear What 's the most important piece of comprehensive immigration reform you never heard of ? It 's fixing the legal system so it works for the future -- for immigrants and the U.S. economy . Many Americans think reform is about the 11 million unauthorized immigrants already living in the United States . Many have been here for years and have put down roots . We 're not going to deport them -- not even the harshest restrictionists think that 's practical . Nor are most likely to go "  home " voluntarily , no matter how difficult we make their lives with tough enforcement . For the overwhelming majority , America is home by now . And they are sure to be the most contentious issue when the immigration debate resumes in months to come . News : Possible compromise on immigration reform takes shape But most contentious is not the same as most important . We all must ask : What created this problem in the first place ? Exactly what is it about the broken immigration system that produced this vast underground world of workers and families -- a population the size of Ohio ? The root cause : For less-skilled foreigners who want to come to work legally in the United States , there is no "  line " -- no available visas . The two existing programs for low-skilled temporary workers are for seasonal labor only : farmhands , landscaping crews , summer and winter resort workers . And there are virtually no permanent visas to be had for unskilled workers . There simply is no avenue for an uneducated Mexican unless he has family members living legally in the U.S. who can sponsor him for a family visa . Many , if not most , of the 11 million already here would have preferred to enter the country legally if that were possible . But they and others like them have no lawful option . This would n't be a problem if we did n't need immigrant workers . But we do . And we 're going to need them increasingly as the economy recovers . This is n't because American workers are somehow lacking or inadequate . On the contrary , for the most part , it 's because Americans are doing better than in decades past . We 're becoming better educated and aspiring to the kinds of jobs for which our better educations prepare us . News : GOP needs to back immigration overhaul , lawmakers say In 1960 , half of the native-born men in the labor force were high school dropouts happy to do physically demanding , low-skilled work . Today , less than 10 % of the native-born men in the labor force are high school dropouts . And meanwhile , far from shrinking , the demand for low-skilled labor is growing over time . In 1955 , for example , 25 cents of every dollar spent on food was spent in a restaurant . Today , the figure is nearly 50 cents . And one of the fastest-growing occupations in America is home health aide . But very few Americans with high school diplomas aspire to careers as busboys or home health aides . And they should n't -- their educations equip them to do more productive work , making better wages and contributing more to the economy . No , we do n't need as many immigrant workers in a down economy -- and far fewer want to come to the U.S. when jobs are scarce . But we still need some , and they need a legal way to get here . And whatever program we create needs to be flexible , growing in good times to accommodate rising labor needs and shrinking back in down times when demand subsides . Do n't get me wrong : The goal of reform is not to increase the overall number of unskilled immigrants entering the country . What 's needed is to end illegal immigration by creating ways for needed workers to come legally -- creating worker visas and establishing a system that allows employers who ca n't find enough willing and able Americans to connect easily and quickly with lawful immigrants . This is not just an economic imperative . Without it , there can be no successful immigration law enforcement . Even the best , most effective enforcement is no match for the dynamism of the U.S. economy . As long as there are jobs available , foreigners will want to come to work here . And if we want to prevent them from coming illegally , we need to create lawful alternatives . Finding a solution for the 11 million unauthorized immigrants already in the country addresses the mistakes of the past but fixes nothing going forward . Unless we create ways for the immigrants of the future to enter legally , we 're going to find ourselves in exactly the same predicament a decade or two down the road -- wondering what to do about 10 or 20 million unauthorized immigrants living among us but beyond the rule of law . The only way to prevent this : a legal immigration system that works . Now if only Obama would mention it . Then we 'd have some hope of getting somewhere as the debate resumes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tamar Jacoby	Tamar Jacoby : Immigration reform in air , but focus tends to be on the undocumented She says for real reform , discussion must be on providing unskilled worker visas She says there 's no way to "  get in line " if no visas are available Jacoby : In dynamic economy , entry will always outpace enforcement
CNN  -- An elderly man stares forlornly at his feet , surrounded by twisted reindeer carcasses , their matted blood stark against a field of endless snow . He clutches a knife , and at first glance you 'd be forgiven for thinking he caused the carnage himself . Instead , the two reindeer locked antlers in battle , and unable to untangle themselves , starved to death over many days . Sven Skaltje , the herder in the haunting photo , discovered their entwined bodies and finally cut them apart . Erika Larsen , a 37-year-old American photographer living with the mysterious Arctic tribe , caught the moment forever . Larsen is one of 11 female National Geographic photojournalists whose remarkable images are now on display in a new exhibition in Washington D.C. , called -- aptly enough -- "  Women of Vision . " From Larsen 's dramatic images of Scandinavian tribes people , to Stephanie Sinclair 's intimate photographs of Yemeni child brides , and Beverly Joubert 's action shots of leopards in the wild , the exhibition delves deep into hidden communities , often in some of the most inhospitable environments on the planet . "  You must have a certain amount of resilience and courage to be a photographer in general , and perhaps especially to be a photographer for a magazine like National Geographic , " said the show 's curator and senior photo editor , Elizabeth Krist . "  We put people into the field for quite long times -- eight weeks would be the average . " Women 's work ? Featuring almost 100 images taken since 2000 , the exhibition is a world away from when first female staff photographer , Kathleen Revis , started working in the 1950s . The male chief of the photographic lab at the time had some advice for Revis : "  If you find the going too tough , why not run over to Paris for a weekend and get some new clothes -- I understand that is good for a woman 's morale . " It 's enough to make any feminist 's blood boil . But as Krist explains , "  Unfortunately , it was really characteristic of the time . " Indeed , in the 125-year-history of National Geographic , a magazine which prides itself on intrepid exploration , there have been four female staff photographers , compared to around 50 men . "  At National Geographic there probably was more of a sense that people needed to be really tough to do some of these stories on the other side of the world . And it was much harder for a woman to counter these societal norms and be on her own in a lot of remote areas , " said Krist . "  Now , seeing all these women working in really difficult conditions -- not just conflict but also in the middle of epidemics , facing wild animals , political repression , severe climates . It really shows what women are capable of , it 's a direct answer to the person who said that to Kathleen Revis . " True grit If ever there was an indication of how far female photojournalists have come in the last century , it 's in the work of Larsen , who spent four years living on-and-off with traditional reindeer herders , called Sami . The mother-of-one learnt their language and even worked as a housekeeper , or beaga , in an effort to immerse herself in their ancient culture , spread across Scandinavia and parts of Russia . Living in a tepee-like structure called a laavo , in temperatures plunging to -40 C , Larsen says being a woman actually helped her integrate into the family . "  Sami culture in general has this tradition of having a beaga , which is a woman that would come into the home , help with the children , help with the meals , help with the cleaning , help prepare skin , which I did , " explained Larsen . "  I do n't think a male photographer would be able to sit around the table and sew with the women , and hear their stories in quite the same way . " Similarly , fellow photographer Stephanie Sinclair found her gender gave her unique access to the women 's barracks of Yemen 's elite counter-terrorism unit , capturing a khaki-clad officer patrolling the lurid pink halls . Meanwhile , Amy Toensing went on an impromptu swim with three elderly women on America 's Jersey Shore , using an underwater camera to photograph the sprightly women in the ominous surf . For Larsen , it was the pioneering female photographers of the last 50 years who really paved the way for her today , admitting : "  I have n't found the obstacles I believe they have come up against . " Krist agreed , saying : "  Today it feels much more 50-50 to me in the photojournalism schools . It 's becoming much more even , but I think there 's still a residue of all the generations which have come before . " The perfect shot Following an assignment , it 's up to photo editor Krist to sift through over 50,000 images , before publishing the best handful . "  What I 'm looking for is something that 's both meaningful , that reveals something , and something that 's really striking visually , " she said . Larsen 's haunting photograph of Skaltje the reindeer herder made the grade when it was published in 2011 . But it also summed up the photographer 's fascination with mysterious hunting societies . "  What I realized from Sven in this moment is that we are all part of this cycle of life , " she said .	New exhibition of National Geographic female photographers opens Includes Erika Larsen , lived with Scandinavian reindeer herders for four years Women photojournalists must have tenacious spirit to travel world for "  perfect shot "
CNN  -- For the third time , Mahmoud Al-Qassab lowers the body of one of his children into the ground . He steps back as neighbors and relatives shovel dirt over his teenage daughter 's grave . He does not cry or wail . "  I thank God this is my third martyr : Ahmed , Abdullah and now her . I thank God , and I will not say anything against his fate , " Mahmoud told an activist filming the small funeral . Just a few months ago , 18-year-old Ayat Al-Qassab sang and danced with her mother and aunts as they dressed the bride in her wedding gown . Now , her shattered and bloodied body lies in a grave below the crumbling , bullet-ridden buildings of Homs . Read more about Ayat 's wedding "  She was killed and she took my heart , my soul , my mind and everything with her , but we will not give up . We will not retreat . We must keep moving forward , " husband-turned-widower Mohammad Jumbaz said quietly . Ayat did not lead battles or chair diplomatic talks . She is just like many other Syrians -- young , hopeful , and now dead . "  There was no daughter like her . She was bright and beautiful and playful . Then the siege happened and with it her destiny , " Aisha Al-Qassab , Ayat 's mother , said as tears streamed down her face . Ayat and Mohammad recently found out they were expecting their first child . The new family was elated , even as UNICEF estimates that 2.5 million people , including many children , are affected by the violence and instability in Syria . "  My love , she was only married a few months , then pregnant and now a martyr , " Ayat 's mother said . A 120 mm rocket fired into the family home struck Ayat in the head , killing her and her unborn child instantly . Ayat 's father , who was standing nearby , was hit in the shoulder and wounded . "  The week before she died , a rocket attack injured her hand , and I had this feeling in my heart that it was a sign . It was as if God gave us just one more week to take her in and say goodbye , " Mohammad said . Young , defiant and in love Brave and defiant , Ayat hardly spoke of the frivolities of bridal gowns and wedding cake . "  I wore a white dress , but we did not have a traditional wedding because of this animal in power , " Ayat said in an interview shortly after getting married . "  We hope once the regime falls we can have a wedding , because our happiness is the end of this government . " Although Ayat and Mohammad married just a week after meeting , the two were in love , her mother said . "  She was young , and I had not planned on her marrying , but the siege brought her destiny . A young hardworking man liked her and she saw him and he saw her and they fell in love and got married , " Aisha said , shaking her head as if trying to forget . The newlyweds saw their marriage as a symbol of the resistance against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . For Mohammad , the part-time rebel fighter , revolution remained his shield , but the young man also believed living and loving was the greatest defiance of all . "  She was wonderful . We were newlyweds and we were happy . Even if she upset me I could not be mad at her . Her gentleness captured my heart and I pray that God opens the gates of heaven for her , " he said , cracking a tiny smile as he remembered his wife . Guns and battles are far from Mohammad 's true passion : baking sweet desserts . The young pastry chef loves making indulgent treats for Homs ' fighters , families and children . "  When I give a family sweets , it is as if I am handing them a treasure , " he said as he laughed loudly for the first time , thankful for the power of a single cookie in a city ravaged by war . Ayat shared Mohammad 's delight for delivering glimpses of joy through pastries drizzled with sweet "  ater " or syrup , even as gas , flour , sugar and milk were in short supply . "  She loved sweets , and more than that , she loved to watch me make them . We had even made date cookies and she died before she could eat them , so we gave them away , " Mohammad said , still smiling . A childhood cut short Ayat was born and raised in the Old District of Homs , Syria 's third largest city . Her father was a laborer and her mother stayed at home with the kids , instilling in her the value of hard work and family . The third of five children , Ayat 's two older brothers spoiled the brown-eyed girl while the two younger siblings depended on her care . "  She loved to study and she would always study . When the siege happened there were no schools left open , " Ayat 's mother said . More than 2,000 schools have been damaged or destroyed in civil war-related violence , and about 600 schools serve as makeshift shelters for internally displaced people , according to the Syrian government . "  She loved to help me with the housework , but I would not let her . I wanted her to study , " Aisha said . The western city of Homs relies largely on industrial jobs . For Ayat 's family , education provided an opportunity for their children to escape manual labor in a country where the average monthly salary is $ 300 . "  She wanted to be an expert in Sharia law -- maybe she could have even got her Ph.D. if she got good grades , but God did not plan this for her , " Aisha said . War and marriage The Syrian uprising sparked by revolts across the Middle East forever changed Ayat 's country and transformed Homs into a bastion of resistance against al-Assad 's government . "  Ayat  grew up on the love of God and when the demonstrations started she fell in love with the revolution and was very proud of her brothers who fought and died for freedom , " Mahmoud said . Revolution morphed into a full-scale civil war , consuming every corner of the beautiful country in a bloody and relentless fight for power . Amid a stifling siege on Homs , where the Syrian Army regularly blocked food , medicine and supplies , Mohammad and Ayat got married . "  I am very happy here with my life . Here our life is better than a honeymoon outside our country . We are not like the people who fled . Here we have our pride and we are defending our nation . I would prefer my honeymoon to be here amid the bombs and shells than for me to abandon my nation , " Ayat told CNN earlier this year . But as the bitter winter cold and intensifying government shelling added another dimension to the struggle for survival , Ayat began fearing for her life and the life of her unborn child . "  She began to get very scared , and every time she would hear a plane fly overhead she would become afraid , " Mohammad recalled , "  but she never asked to leave Homs . The opposite -- she was proud to stay , and I thank God for her martyrdom . " In Islam , martyrdom is a high honor granted by God to those who die fighting for their religion , country or rights of their community . Muslims believe a martyr is destined for heaven , so loved ones must celebrate rather than mourn their death . "  God gave her parents the patience to overcome the death of her brothers , and God gave me the patience to overcome the death of my brother . God willing , he will grant us the patience to overcome Ayat 's death , too , " Mohammad said . After nearly two years of conflict , more than 40,000 people have lost their lives . Syria sees a steady stream of funerals for its so-called martyrs , where shrill cries of joy compete with wails of pain in haunting processions for the dead . As difficult as it seems to rejoice over the death of a loved , the Islamic principle of martyrdom is at its core about blind faith that those who died righteously reside in a better place in the afterlife . It is a conviction the family clings to when nothing else can explain the death of a young , pregnant woman only a few months into her marriage . "  We had prayed that she would live and they would have children , " Aisha said . "  And that we would become a grandpa and grandma , but God remembered her and he took her , " her husband interjected . "  I pray that he destines us to martyrdom , too , " Aisha added . The family 's near impenetrable faith prevents them from protesting Ayat 's fate , but by accepting her death , the family must survive on memories of her life . "  I will remember everything about her . What more can I say ? I will remember everything , everything , " Mohammad murmured . And with that , the family members bowed their heads and fell silent .	18-year-old newlywed Ayat Al-Qassab was recently killed by rocket in Syria Ayat and her husband saw their marriage as act of defiance against al-Assad Her family considers her a martyr
President Barack Obama announced Friday that he will nominate Sylvia Mathews Burwell , who currently directs the White House budget office , to be the next health secretary , the Cabinet official who 's ultimately responsible for overseeing Obamacare . Obama praised the outgoing secretary , Kathleen Sebelius , saying at a Rose Garden ceremony that she would "  go down in history " for serving when the United States "  finally declared that quality , affordable health care " would be a right for every U.S. citizen . "  I will miss her advice . I will miss her friendship , " Obama said . "  I will miss her wit . " Her departure is not without controversy although her tenure will conclude more positively with the Obama administration riding high over the initial enrollment success of the politically charged health law . Obama acknowledged the early problems with the government 's HealthCare.gov website last fall , which was an enormously tumultuous period for Sebelius . But Obama followed up by saying that "  her team " turned the corner and "  got it fixed , got the job done " in carrying out the sign-up period from October through March . "  The final score speaks for itself , " Obama said with 7.5 million people signed up for health coverage . The Affordable Care Act , Obama 's signature domestic achievement , aims to provide insurance for millions of Americans without it . Burwell is also no stranger to making tough calls . As director of the Office of Management and Budget for the past year , Burwell was at the center of last fall 's budget drama during which she was responsible for sending out the shutdown order for federal agencies . During the ceremony , Obama touted Burwell skills as someone who can handle tough challenges . "  Sylvia is a proven manager , and she knows how to deliver results , " he said . "  And she 'll need to be a proven manager because these are tough tasks , big challenges . " She also has a history in Washington circles that extends beyond her current position . She was a budget and campaign official for Bill Clinton . At the Department of Health and Human Services , she inherits an agency heavily criticized for implementing the health law . Sebelius ' tenure coincided with passage of the 2010 law with no Republican support . The political turmoil around its passage and its rocky rollout has become a rallying cry for the GOP heading into next fall 's midterms where control of the Senate is at stake . But the website 's performance did improve significantly as the year turned , quieting early calls from Republicans for her to step down . This month , in a letter to department employees , Sebelius reflected on Obamacare sign ups exceeding its target of 7 million as evidence of "  the progress we 've made , together , " while stating that "  our work is far from over . " "  I know that this law has been at the center of much debate and discourse in Washington , but what this enrollment demonstrates is that the Affordable Care Act is working and much needed , " she said in the note . Obamacare hits 7.5 million sign-ups , Sebelius says Burwell , 48 , has already been through Senate confirmation for her job at the White House , but will need to go through that again for the health appointment . Her nomination will likely face tough questions from Republicans . "  You can expect a robust discussion , both at the hearing and on the floor , on Obamacare and its consequences , " said Don Stewart , a spokesman for Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell . She came to the White House from her spot atop the Walmart Foundation , the giant retail chain 's charitable organization that , according to its website , donated nearly $ 1 billion to causes worldwide in 2011 . Before that , Burwell worked for the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation . In the Clinton administration , she worked under then-Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin . States work with Obamacare to help undocumented immigrants	President Obama taps OMB director to head up health agency Sylvia Mathews Burwell is the director of the Office of Management and Budget She was responsible for sending out the shutdown order to federal agencies last fall Burwell has a long history with the Clintons and in Washington
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- In a recent discussion of what his administration might accomplish , Mitt Romney claimed that "  by virtue of the policies that we put in place , we 'd get the unemployment rate down to 6 % , and perhaps a little lower , " over a period of four years . Is this goal attainable ? It is . Indeed , it is not that tough a task . If the United States avoids new growth-retarding policies , such as the tax hikes scheduled for January 1 , the economy 's natural adjustments will lower unemployment substantially . These include downward adjustments in wages , reallocation of job-seekers from slower to faster growing sectors and regions , reduced in-migration plus increased out-migration , and withdrawals from the labor force . These adjustments do not always work quickly or for everyone  not every former construction worker can become a computer technician  . But history suggests the adjustments do occur , as they have since the recession began . Over the next four years , they will continue to lower the unemployment rate , if not to 6 % , at least near that territory . The more important task for either presidential candidate is restoring the economy to its prerecession growth path . Real GDP has historically grown about 3 % per year , and major downturns have been followed by strong recoveries . Within two to three years , therefore , output is typically "  back where it would have been . " In this recession , the rapid recovery phase has so far been absent ; real GDP is still well below where one would have predicted pre-2008 , and with average growth under 3 % since the recession ended , the gap grows larger every quarter . So can Romney , or anyone , get us back to a higher growth rate ? Yes . Here is a program that will restore U.S. economic performance : • Cancel all the tax increases scheduled to take effect at the end of 2012 and provide tax stability going forward . Make  all  the Bush tax cuts permanent . Repeal the alternative minimum tax . Eliminate the health care law 's increases in the hospital insurance tax . All this will stimulate in the short term and set the stage for long-term growth . • Reform the tax code by eliminating the misguided deductions , exemptions , credits and loopholes that distort incentives and reward special interests . These features include big-ticket items like the deductibility of mortgage interest and employer-paid health insurance premiums , plus myriad small but senseless other provisions . • Lower the corporate income tax rate . The U.S. corporate tax environment is one of the least business-friendly in the world . Driving investment overseas can not be good policy . • Slow the growth of entitlements . The U.S. can afford a social safety net , but our current programs are not sustainable , even in a robustly growing economy . Everyone should agree , at a minimum , to cuts that are sufficient to prevent these programs -- Medicaid , Medicare , and Social Security -- from bankrupting the country . • Embrace immigration . Despite recent difficulties , the United States is still an attractive destination for those seeking a better life . By expanding immigration for low-skill workers , we restrain labor costs and reduce out-migration of manufacturing and other business . By easing immigration for high-skill workers -- many of them trained in the United States at taxpayer expense -- we get a return on our investment and retain industrious and innovative people . • Scale back military involvements around the world . A strong national defense makes sense , but it must focus on protecting the United States , not paying for Europe 's defense or trying to force democracy down the throats of countries that are not receptive . • Cease the campaign against carbon-based fuels . Green energy may have its day , but only when coal , oil and gas become truly scarce . In the foreseeable future , traditional energy is much cheaper , and subsidies for alternative energy are a waste . • Stop scapegoating the rich and pretending that tax-hikes on the 1 % can balance the budget . Everyone knows the numbers do not add up . • Respect capitalism . Anti-business rhetoric , which casts all success as undeserved , and which fails to recognize the improvements in material well-being that result from entrepreneurial success , just drive away talented people and guarantee our economic demise . If the United States adopts these policies , it will not only attain Romney 's 6 % unemployment goal , it will once again be the economic beacon of the world . What 's wrong with that ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Miron .	Mitt Romney predicted he could reduce unemployment to 6 % in four years Jeffrey Miron says that kind of economic improvement is n't fast enough He says the economy has recovered at a faster pace from previous downturns Miron : Cut taxes , promote immigration , reduce military and slow growth of entitlements
CNN  -- A line drive struck Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Alex Cobb flush in the head Saturday afternoon , sending him sprawling to the ground and eventually to a Florida hospital . The incident occurred during the fifth inning of the Rays ' home game with the Kansas City Royals at Tropicana Field . Video shows Royals first baseman Eric Hosmer hitting a pitch right back up the middle -- hitting Cobb on the right ear , Tampa Bay explained in a tweet . The 25-year-old Cobb immediately clutched his head and fell to the ground as the ball careened back to Rays catcher Jose Lobaton , who proceeded to throw Hosmer out at first base . Cobb was later taken off the field on a stretcher and taken to Bayfront Medical Center in St. Petersburg . "  He remained conscious the entire time , " the Tampa Bay franchise said on Twitter . A few hours later -- after the Rays wrapped up a 5-3 win -- the team tweeted about Cobb 's condition . "  Alex Cobb was diagnosed with a mild concussion , " the club said . "  All tests came back normal . " According to the Rays ' website , Cobb -- a righthander in his third season in the majors -- has a 2.95 ERA in 12 starts this year . He 's notched 73 strikeouts , versus 20 walks , and held opposing batters to a .233 average .	NEW : Cobb had mild concussion , tests came back normal , team says Tampa Bay Rays pitcher Alex Cobb is hit on the right ear during a game The ball careens off his head , while he falls to the ground He 's taken to Bayfront Medical Center in St. Petersburg
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A smiling Pope Benedict XVI arrived in the United States on Tuesday afternoon to start the six-day , two-city journey that will take him from the White House to the halls of the United Nations . The papal plane , Shepherd 1 , touched down at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland to cheers from a crowd of invited guests gathered for the event . After he stepped off the plane , Benedict did not kiss the ground , as his predecessor , Pope John Paul II , often did during visits . The pontiff was greeted by President Bush , first lady Laura Bush and their daughter Jenna , each of whom shook his hand . Watch the arrival " It was believed to be the first time an American president has greeted a world dignitary on arrival at Andrews . "  It had the look and feel of a monumental and historic event , " CNN 's Brian Todd reported . This is the first U.S. papal visit since the attacks of September 11 and Benedict 's first visit to the United States . There will be a welcoming ceremony for the pope on the South Lawn of the White House on Wednesday . Benedict is to speak before meeting with U.S. cardinals and bishops . Where will the pope be ? " One of the stated goals of the pope 's visit is to energize the U.S. Catholic community , which has an estimated 70 million members . Three years after succeeding Pope John Paul II , Benedict is likely to address the sex scandal within the Catholic Church , the church 's relationship with other faiths , the U.S.-led war in Iraq and the upcoming U.S. presidential election , said John Allen , a CNN Vatican analyst . The fallout from the sex scandal has had a serious impact on the U.S. Catholic Church in terms of its finances , its moral authority and the demoralization of Catholics . During the flight from Rome to Washington , the pope told reporters aboard that he was ashamed of the problem . Watch the pope express his shame about the scandal " ` Intense ' security Meanwhile , security preparations were under way in the air , on land and in the water . Twenty-seven state , local and federal agencies will protect the pope as he meets with religious leaders , celebrates Mass at a baseball stadium and makes his way around the capital in his distinctive "  popemobile . " There are no specific threats against Benedict , according to the FBI , but a March audio message from Osama Bin Laden mentioned the pontiff . The centerpiece of the Washington leg of the U.S. visit will be Thursday 's Mass at Nationals Park , a new baseball stadium where 46,000 people will gather to watch the pope . Everyone will go through metal detectors on their way in , and nearby roads and bridges will be closed . Temporary flight restrictions will be in place over the stadium . Watch how Washington is preparing for papal visit " A 1 1/2 - mile section of the adjacent Anacostia River will be closed during the Mass. . The Coast Guard will patrol the river in boats with machine guns mounted on their bows . "  I am worried about a terrorist attack , " said Lt. Lynda LeCrone of the Coast Guard . "  We are here to detect , deter and defend against waterborne attack on this highly publicized event . ... We can use force . " The pope will be making his way around parts of Washington in the popemobile , a Mercedes Benz modified with bulletproof glass surrounding a seating area from which the pope can wave to bystanders along his route . The vehicle , one of three popemobiles in the Vatican motor pool , arrived in the United States last week . It will be driven by a Secret Service agent . The agents have been training with the vehicle . "  We try best-case scenarios and also try worst-case scenarios so our staff will know how to react , " said Secret Service Special Agent Renee Triplett , who oversees Secret Service training . Benedict will travel to New York on Friday and address the U.N. General Assembly , linking the visit to the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights . He 'll celebrate Mass Sunday morning at Yankee Stadium . Still a mystery Despite three years as the head of the Catholic Church , the pope remains a bit of a mystery to many American Catholics . "  I think most American Catholics may not know a whole lot about him , " Allen said . "  He 's not the sexy media icon that John Paul II was , but what they 've seen , by and large , they 've liked . " Of American Catholics polled by the Pew Research Center , 74 percent give Pope Benedict a favorable rating . But the survey points out that he 's not as highly regarded as his predecessor . See other meetings between popes and presidents " For one , their personalities are different . John Paul was known for his charisma . Benedict is known as an intellectual and introvert . "  He does n't quite get the same energy from crowds that John Paul II got , " said Cardinal Francis George , president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops . "  John Paul II was extroverted and got energy talking to people , and the present Holy Father loses energy . He has to rest between all these encounters . " The energy factor is partly due to age . Benedict turns 81 this week . When John Paul became pope , he was only 58 and was able to keep a much more rigorous schedule traveling around the globe . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Jim Spellman and Mary Snow contributed to this report .	NEW : Pope Benedict XVI arrives in Washington for six-day U.S. visit NEW : President Bush , first lady Laura Bush and daughter Jenna greet pontiff Security tight for first papal visit since September 11 attacks Benedict will also visit New York ; will celebrate Mass in both cities
CNN  -- "  Think before you speak " must be high up on the job description for the modern central banker . Few people hold the power to send markets into fever panic or bullish euphoria by words alone . But every time a head of a major central bank takes to a podium , holds a press conference or sits before a panel of politicians , these characteristically modest officials shoulder the weight of the global economy as markets scavenge for clues as to the bank 's next policy move . This week , it was once again Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke 's turn , when he faced lawmakers in his semi-annual testimony to Congress and the Senate . With his last three public appearances leading to large swings in the markets , Bernanke took a softer tone to reassure Wall Street that the Federal Reserve was still providing the necessary backstop for the U.S. economy through its bond-buying program , known as quantitative easing . Read more : Bernanke : Congress still a risk to the economy Joe Rundle , head of trading at ETX Capital , told CNN that Bernanke 's appearance in Congress was the final part of an "  incredibly clever " three-pronged strategy by the Federal Reserve to "  play " the markets . Investors have become "  addicted " to QE , according to Rundle , and by Fed members speaking out publicly about tapering the program , the central bank is trying to wean the markets off the QE drug . Read more : The most important distinction Bernanke still needs to make Last month , Bernanke hinted the Fed may start to trim bond purchases later this year and end the program around the middle of 2014 if the economy meets its forecasts for growth of 2.3 % to 2.6 % for 2013 . Rundle said that by signaling a gradual slowdown in its asset-purchases program , the Fed wants to stem complacency and any repeat of the excessive risk-taking that led to the financial crisis in 2007 . He said : "  Universally , every Fed member started talking about the possibility of tapering about three or four months ago ... there will be small tapering in September ... $ 5 billion to $ 10 billion maybe -LSB- of the $ 85 billion a month program -RSB- . " Read more : Bernanke : Tapering plan not a "  preset course " And the chairman -- who is set to step down in January 2014 -- is confident the plan is working . During his testimony , he said : "  I think the markets are beginning to understand our message and , you know , the -LSB- market -RSB- volatility has moderated . " Read more : Fed dissenter argues for tapering QE3 Together with the Fed 's near-zero interest rates , improving economic data is also beginning to buoy the U.S. economy . As of June , the unemployment rate was 7.6 % , and Fed officials expect it to fall to around 7.25 % by the end of the year . Meanwhile , inflation has remained below the Fed 's target of 2 % per year . Michala Marcussen , global head of economics at Societe General in London , warns that markets and investors can not expect central banks to fix everything and must "  be careful not to over interpret every single little word " that central bank leaders say . She cites the role of the European Central Bank and its President Mario Draghi in the eurozone debt crisis as an example of where governments must take responsibility when central banks can not . Last year at the ECB 's monthly press conference , Draghi stated that the euro was "  irreversible " and the central bank would do everything within its power to ensure the future of the euro area . The mere utterance of those robust statements immediately took the sting out of the eurozone crisis ; borrowing costs for struggling Italy and Spain dropped , the euro strengthened , markets rallied and the sheer power of central bank rhetoric became apparent to all . Marcussen told CNN : "  It 's really interesting when you see what people listen to and what they do n't listen to because if you look at every single press conference since then , Draghi has said that European policymakers need to move forward on banking union . " Despite the ECB 's best efforts to reassure markets and support governments , through its announcement of an unlimited bond-purchasing program last year , dubbed Outright Monetary Transactions , the ECB has been reluctant to implement a fully-fledged quantitative easing program similar to that of the Federal Reserve , Bank of England and the Bank of Japan . And Rundle believes simply announcing the plan is not enough , investors want action . He said : "  The ECB 's program was just words . It was only the market that was giving it credibility by reacting ... I do n't think the ECB would have the power to stop the eurozone falling apart . " He added : "  Central banks are only good when they 've got credibility and I do n't know how the ECB can still have credibility ... Markets have become reliant on central bankers for direction but this in itself is a creation of by the markets . "	Bernanke took a softer tone to reassure Wall Street that the Fed was still providing the necessary backstop As of June , the U.S. unemployment rate was 7.6 % , and Fed officials expect it to fall to around 7.25 % ECB has been reluctant to implement a fully-fledged quantitative easing program
Rolling Stone  -- Kanye West premiered his much-discussed short film/art installation "  Cruel Summer " at the Cannes Film Festival last night . Starring Kid Cudi as a car thief who falls in love with a blind Arabian princess , the clip is the project he was reportedly working on in the Middle East in February . The film 's cast also includes Razane Jammal , Pusha T , Big Sean , Palestinian actor Ali Suliman , Aziz Ansari and West himself . As MTV points out , "  Cruel Summer " is similar to West 's 2010 short film "  Runaway " in that it 's an extended music video with little dialogue and plenty of striking imagery . "  Cruel Summer " utilizes seven screens and features completely new music from West and his G.O.O.D. Music affiliates that will reportedly appear on an album , also titled Cruel Summer , set for release sometime this year . Reactions to the music have been overwhelmingly positive , with MTV calling it "  rocking " and GQ senior editor Logan Hill tweeting from the premiere that the music "  was the best part -- big complex production , huge beats . " The Hollywood Reporter noted multiple instances of chair-dancing in the audience . Response to the film has also been generally warm . The Los Angeles Times film blog 24 Frames wrote , "  The story is secondary to the pyrotechnics , with new music from West and a thumping surround-sound quality that makes a 3D Michael Bay effort feel like an iPad short . " Vulture , meanwhile , praised West 's "  great visual sense " and noted the effectiveness of the special camera rig invented for the film to incorporate all seven screens , whether it was stretching a single shot across multiple screens or having each display a different image/angle during a single scene . "  The movie is all Kanye 's vision -- his images , his music and costumes he designed , mixed with pieces by local Arabian designers , " wrote Jada Yuan . "  He put it together in two-and-a-half months with only four days of actual shooting . " In a speech following the film , West said , "  I was very particular about having the screens be separate and having it where your mind puts the screens back together -- the way you can put memories together , the way that happens throughout the day and it all links back up . " Vulture also managed to score a comment from one of the many stars in attendance , Jay-Z . "  It 's about the things that separate us -- race and class in society and things like that . But the only thing that really binds us is true love , " he said . West said he will keep working on and improving the film , and he plans to bring it to Qatar and New York in the future . "  I 'm not the best director in the world or anything like that , but I had an idea , " said West during his post-film speech . "  I could dream of , one day , this being the way that people watch movies , in this form where it surrounds you and people want to go back and see it more and more because they missed something else to the left and missed something else to the right , and it felt more like the experience of life . " See the full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Cruel Summer " is Kanye West 's short film which premiered at Cannes Kid Cudi stars as a car thief who falls in love with a blind Arabian princess "  Cruel Summer " is similar to West 's 2010 short film "  Runaway " in that it 's an extended music video
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- A visit to the Iowa State Fair is a test of diet discipline : They fry just about everything -- from Oreos to butter to mac & cheese -- and the bigger the better , from half-pound tenderloins to massive turkey legs and pork chops . Not much changes from year to year . There 's the butter cow , nightly entertainment at the grandstand , arcade games and amusement rides . But the "  Cast Your Kernel " booth , while hardly a scientific enterprise , offers a big hint of change from the last presidential year : With more than 30,000 kernels cast , Mitt Romney is leading President Barack Obama . Iowa , the scene of a 10-point Obama blowout in 2008 , is a 2012 presidential battleground . Obama stopped by the fair during his three-day Iowa bus tour this week . And the Romney campaign chose the fair for the solo debut of Rep. Paul Ryan , the GOP vice presidential pick . "  We have a real battle going on here for the heart and soul of the people of this state , " GOP Gov. Terry Branstad says during an early afternoon walk through the fairgrounds . "  President Obama had a tremendous following here four years ago , " Branstad says in making the GOP 's case . "  But people feel betrayed . They feel like he ran as someone who was going to bring people together and reach across the aisle and he has n't done that . " Branstad is both a throwback and part of an Iowa Republican revival : He was governor for 16 years , left office , and then decided to run again in 2010 , when the Midwest was a big part of the midterm GOP rout . Four years ago , Democrats enjoyed a significant numbers advantage in Iowa . Now , there is parity -- even a slight GOP edge in the latest active voter registration tally . "  Have you been outhustled here ? " is the question we put to top Obama political strategist David Axelrod as he traveled with the president this week . Axelrod was quick to offer a tip of the cap to Branstad and the Iowa Republican Party for their aggressive work the past few years , but he voiced confidence the Obama campaign was stepping up its grass-roots organizing . "  I think we still have an organizational advantage in this state , " Axelrod says . "  We 've done a good job of registering new voters so I think we are building that back up . But I do n't think we are going to be outhustled on Election Day . " The urgency is obvious when you stop by a local Obama campaign office . In Davenport this week , for example , everyone in line for tickets to one of the president 's rallies was asked if they were registered voters . Those who said no were immediately handed a clipboard with the registration form , and volunteers -- knowing anyone not registered by now might be unreliable come Election Day -- suggested they also sign up to vote by mail , which allows the campaign to follow-up and witness the process . You do n't need to visit the fair or a campaign office to understand 2012 is different from 2008 . Just turn on the television . The TV ad war is bruising , and unavoidable -- $ 6 million spent just in Iowa in the last month . The Obama campaign outspent the Romney campaign more than 2-1 in the past month in Iowa . But the TV ad war scales tip back in favor of Romney and the GOP when spending by the political parties and super PACs is factored in . Iowa is a great test of the Ryan Factor . The president 's team says his policy views -- on Medicare , on a new long-term farm bill and on renewable energy subsidies -- will in the end trump any short-term bounce from his campaign skills and Midwest roots . "  He may hail from Wisconsin , " Axelrod says in the interview , "  but he is very much a product of the right-wing Washington think tanks . And that vision is not a good vision for this country . " Branstad , in turn , calls the Ryan pick "  brilliant " and , a Catholic himself , predicts having a Catholic as the No. 2 on the GOP ticket will help with a critical voting bloc here , especially in the Northeast corner of the state . Plus , Branstad says Iowa voters rank the federal deficit higher than jobs as an election priority -- and says Ryan is in tune with their worries about annual deficits and long-term debt . "  You can not increase the deficit , the debt , a trillion dollars every year and have 40 cents of every dollar you spend be borrowed money , " Branstad says . Branstad also says he is confident of what you might call a reverse-coattails effect : He says Republicans are competitive in each of the state 's congressional districts this year , and suggests that will help with the presidential margins in traditionally Democratic areas like Des Moines and surrounding Polk County . Democrats take a not-so-fast approach to that dynamic -- promising to make the Ryan budget , particularly its Medicare proposals , an issue in every House race here and beyond . Branstad acknowledged the potential power of the issue , especially in an older state like Iowa , but predicted it would not hurt the GOP provided Romney and Ryan used every opportunity to rebut the attacks and explain their proposals . "  It 's going to be close , " Branstad says of the state , making note of the heavy commitment of candidate time , staff and spending both campaigns are making to Iowa . That includes busy booths just a few steps away from each other at the fair , where both campaigns are helping to register voters and recruit volunteers . Branstad , whose involvement in presidential politics goes back more than a quarter-century , smiles at all the activity -- and attention . "  It 's fun , " the governor says , "  to be a battleground state . " Axelrod , who also traveled with Vice President Joe Biden the last time he came to Iowa , says the state and its six electoral votes could prove decisive . "  John , my philosophy is always to plan for the worst and hope for the best , " Axelrod says . "  And so we 're planning for 270 electoral votes  the minimum for victory  . In that scenario , even a smaller state like Iowa can be a pivotal state . And that 's why we 're spending three days here . We 're not leaving anything to chance . We 're fighting for every vote and every electoral vote . And these electoral votes matter . "	President Obama won Iowa in a 10-point blowout in 2008 ; this year it could go either way Democrats enjoyed a numbers advantage in 2008 , this year there is parity Iowa 's Republican governor says people feel betrayed by Obama Obama strategist David Axelrod says the campaign wo n't be "  outhustled " in Iowa
CNN  The world learned his name after he was killed by a South Carolina police officer . But in his life , 50-year-old Walter Scott was also the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard before being honorably discharged . "  He was outgoing -- loved everybody ,  was  very known in the community and got along with everybody , " his brother Anthony Scott told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  All the family loves him , and his kids loved him . " Until it all came crashing down Saturday morning , when North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager pulled Scott over , reportedly for a faulty brake light . Dash cam video released Thursday shows the two talking , then shows Scott get out of his car and run . Why did he run ? Justin Bamberg , a lawyer for Scott 's family , speculated Thursday it could have been related to "  child support and a fear of maybe going back to  jail  . " At the time of his death , Scott owed over $ 18,000 in back payments for two children and had n't made a payment since July 2012 , according to Charleston County family court documents . Another family lawyer , Chris Stewart , acknowledged that Scott had been arrested previously for outstanding warrants for not paying child support , but Stewart said that had been Scott 's lone issue with the law for the past 20 years . "  I know that it had nothing to do with anything violent , " Bamberg said of Scott 's legal history . "  He was not a dangerous person . " According to a police report , Scott did not comply with an officer 's demands and tried to grab Slager 's stun gun . Slager fired eight shots , five of which struck Scott . He was pronounced dead at the scene . Regardless of why Walter Scott ran , "  running from an officer does n't result in the death penalty , " Stewart said . Slager has been charged with murder , a charge that might not have come about if not for a bystander 's video of the shooting . Anthony Scott said he watched the video that showed his brother getting shot dead , footage that has traumatized the family . "  When I saw that video for the first time , my family was deeply hurt that someone would gun down a human being in that way , " the brother said . "  We just could n't believe it . " The last time the family got together with Walter Scott was when the siblings threw a surprise wedding anniversary party for their parents . "  It was a great celebration , " Anthony Scott said . "  My dad and brothers planned it , and  my mother  was totally surprised . "  Now this happens , " Scott said , referring to his brother 's shooting . "  It 's so tragic . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Walter Scott owed over $ 18,000 in back child support payments , documents show Walter Scott had four children and served in the Coast Guard , his brother says He was shot in the back and killed by a North Charleston police officer
