ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani security forces battling Taliban militants in the volatile Swat Valley killed between 45 and 55 of the fighters over the last 24 hours , the military said Saturday . Pakistan has launched a massive military operation against the Taliban in the Swat Valley . An unknown number of civilian casualties also occurred as Pakistan 's military continues its offensive against Taliban militants in the country 's North West Frontier Province . The fighting is taking its toll across the province , where the U.N. refugee agency reports "  massive displacement " of civilians fleeing the warfare . In its daily war round-up , the military said Saturday that the latest fighting occurred in Swat district , where attack helicopters targeting militant hideouts in the district 's biggest city of Mingora killed 15 fighters . This occurred amid harassment of the civilian population and instances of looting and arson in the municipality , the military said . Mortar fire in Mingora also resulted in an unknown number of civilian casualties . This development comes as militants used houses as bunkers to fight government security forces . Troops engaged militants in a number of other locations in Swat , including Rama Kandhao ridge in Matta , and destroyed an insurgent headquarters in Loenamal . The military said 30 to 40 militants were killed . In neighboring Shangla district militants suffered heavy casualties in an operation , but figures were not available , the military said . Two Pakistani soldiers were also injured . Elsewhere , a girls ' primary school in Kanju and a bank have been damaged by militants and the military reports progress in operations in Gulabad and Buner . Watch why civilians have backed the Taliban to survive " The widening war has spurred massive dislocation in the northwestern region , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , with people fleeing the battleground and taking advantage of the partial lifting of curfews to move into safer areas . Watch as CNN 's Ivan Watson tours a refugee camp " UNHCR said the provincial government estimates between 150,000 to 200,000 people in the province have arrived in safer areas over the last few days and that another 300,000 have fled or were about to flee danger zones . The citizens who fled Swat , Buner and Lower Dir districts , are in addition to another 555,000 previously displaced Pakistanis who have fled their homes in the area since August .	Pakistani military says dozens of Taliban fighters have been killed An unknown number of civilians have also been killed and injured Officials expect as many as 500,000 civilians to flee the Swat Valley
CNN  -- Both Mainz and Hanover lost their 100 % German Bundesliga records on Sunday , with Mainz thrashed 4-2 at home by Schalke and Hanover being held 1-1 at home by Hertha Berlin . Mainz , who blazed a trail at the top this time last year , won their first two matches of the new campaign -- and looked to be heading for a third straight victory after Andreas Ivanschitz and Colombian midfielder Elkin Soto scored within the opening 12 minutes to give them a 2-0 lead . But Schalke roared back with four goals in 33 second-half minutes through Dutch striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar , captain Benedikt Hoewedes , Cameroon midfielder Joel Matip and Austrian defender Christian Fuchs . The result lifted Schalke up to fourth in the table , while Mainz are eighth , and gave the Gelsenkirchen-based side a further boost following the news that star striker Raul has committed his future to the club . Meanwhile , midfielder Sergio Pinto put Hanover ahead with a 33rd-minute free-kick , only for teenager Pierre-Michel Lasogga to level matters for Hertha seven minutes from time . The result sees Hanover second behind surprise leaders Borussia Moenchengladbach on goal difference , with Hertha in 13th place . However , there is just one point between the top nine clubs following a very open start to the season . Meanwhile , in France , big-spending Paris Saint-Germain claimed their first success of the season with a 2-1 win over Valenciennes . With $ 60m new signing , Javier Pastore , making his debut , PSG took a 39th minute lead through Kevin Gameiro . However , the visitors equalized on the stroke of half-time when Remi Gomis headed home Renaud Cohade 's cross . But the hosts secured victory just past the hour mark when Nene netted from the penalty spot after David Ducourtioux handled . But it is Montpellier who lead Ligue One with the only 100 % record after three matches , following a thumping 4-0 win over Rennes . Substitute Souleymane Diawara scored two late goals to secure victory for Montpellier , who lead Toulouse and St Etienne by two points at the top of the table .	Mainz and Hanover both lose their 100 % German Bundesliga records Mainz beaten 4-2 at home by Schalke while Hanover are held 1-1 by Hertha Big-spending PSG beat Valenciennes 2-1 for their first French win of the season
CNN  -- A year ago Sunday , Asiana Airlines Flight 214 crashed while landing at San Francisco 's airport , killing three passengers and injuring 187 more . Survivors remember the incident , in which the plane clipped a seawall just short of the runway , spun violently for 330 degrees , broke into pieces and caught fire . It all occurred on a clear day . "  It was like we were all bouncing all over the place . I just remember there being dust everywhere , and I was freaking out and then it just stopped , " said Esther Jang , 15 . Said another passenger , Ben Levy : "  And there was no wind , no fog . I 'm a regular at the San Francisco airport . So , yeah , it was so shocking that we could miss the runway by so much . " The crash marked the first time that the new Boeing 777 , one of the most sophisticated airliners , was involved in a fatal crash . Since then , another Boeing 777 , Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , disappeared after takeover from Kuala Lumpur on March 8 . Authorities have yet to solve the mystery of what became of the plane carrying 239 passengers and crew . In the Asiana crash , one of the three people killed was Ye Meng Yuan , 16 , who died on the ground when she was apparently hit by a rescue truck responding to the scene , according to the San Mateo County coroner . A subsequent video suggested that at one point emergency workers saw Ye 's body on the tarmac during the chaos . But a January report by San Francisco authorities asserted that Ye was already dead when two fire trucks ran over her on the airfield . Earlier this year , a lawyer for Ye 's family said a video shows that several firefighters saw her lying on the tarmac , but none "  did the basic step of checking if she was alive . " The teenage girl was on her way to an American summer camp from her home in China when the crash happened . Last month , U.S. safety investigators determined that the pilots erred on the approach and landing of the plane . Also contributing to the disaster was crew training and the complexities of a key flight system on the Boeing 777 and how it was described in operating manuals , the National Transportation Safety Board found . Investigators , however , primarily faulted the crew of the South Korean-based carrier for not fully executing intricate systems of the jetliner packed with more than 300 people . The flight crew mismanaged the plane 's descent being carried out without the help of navigational instruments , and one of the pilots unintentionally deactivated a system that automatically regulates airspeed , the board 's final report said . The crew also delayed its decision to abort the landing with the plane flying too slowly to avoid catastrophe , investigators found . Of the 307 people on board , almost 200 of them were taken to local hospitals with injuries such as bruises , broken bones and spinal damage . Passenger Eugene Rah broke his jaw and injured his back and hip . A year later , he 's still dealing with the fallout . "  I 'm grateful that I 'm still alive . The problem is the consequences change some of my life , " he told CNN . "  I could n't really do much normal activities and work as before . " The flight originated in Shanghai , China , made a connection in Seoul , South Korea , and then flew 10 hours to San Francisco International Airport . Pilots blamed for Asiana crash CNN 's Dan Simon contributed from San Francisco .	"  We were all bouncing all over the place , " one survivor says "  It was so shocking that we could miss the runway , " another says Just last month , U.S. officials cited pilot crew errors
CNN  -- Chelsea 's sacking of Andre Villas-Boas came under fire Monday with former Blues boss Luis Felipe Scolari warning it will be "  hell " for whoever succeeds the Portuguese at Stamford Bridge . Ex-Brazil national team boss Scolari is one of six managers dismissed by Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich and , like himself , does not believe Villas-Boas was given enough time by the Russian billionaire . "  England has clubs like Arsenal , where Arsene Wenger has been for several years , yet has won only two or three championships , " he told a news conference for his present club Palmeiras . "  Chelsea 's culture is very different , but this move is strange -- although it 's not so strange to me because of what I went through there . Blog : Chelsea right to sack AVB "  Villas-Boas was a champion and he will continue to be . He needed to replace at least seven or eight players , even since I was there , but he failed . "  It will be hell for whoever succeeds him . " Blog : Can English clubs catch Europe 's best ? But Dutch legend Ruud Gullit , who managed Chelsea before Abramovich took control , told CNN that he disagreed with Scolari . "  I do not think it is ` hell ' -- I had a great time at Chelsea which I still treasure , for me it was no hell . " Gullit hinted that he believed Villas-Boas needed to have made better use of his senior squad members . "  The older players need to help the younger players know how to play the game , you ca n't ignore them by putting them on the bench and not in the team . " Richard Bevan , the chief executive of the league managers ' association , also condemned the sacking Monday . "  Looking for what is an eighth manager in nine years is a serious embarrassment to the owner , the club , the fans and the league , " Bevan told BBC . Bevan had spoken to Villas-Boas , who was "  very disappointed , frustrated  and  saddened " by his dismissal . And Arsenal manager Wenger also believed that Abramovich had been hasty to remove Villas-Boas . "  I feel sorry for him and it 's sad every time a manager loses his job because it 's a job that demands a full commitment and I think he did that . "  I am sorry he was not given enough time to do his job , " he told gathered reporters . Chelsea players have also come out in support of their former manager with central defender David Luiz thanking the Portuguese . He said on Twitter : "  Thanks AVB ! You are an amazing guy ! Big hug . " Midfielder Juan Mata , one of Villas-Boas ' signings , also reacted on Facebook . "  It has n't been an easy day for those who , like me , are part of Chelsea . I would like to thank the manager and wish him luck . "  We have to keep working hard and better days will come . Thanks for your support ! " Chelsea made a move to strengthen its coaching staff Monday after the departure of Villas-Boas by appointing former player Eddie Newton to assist interim manager Roberto Di Matteo . The 40-year-old Newton was assistant to Di Matteo at both MK Dons and West Bromwich Albion , but told Sky Sports his appointment had come "  totally out of the blue . " Di Matteo later told Chelsea TV that the club "  have to move on " after the sacking of Villas-Boas . "  Andre has brought some very good , positive ideas and changes to this football club and we will benefit from his changes , " he claimed . "  Our duty now is to look forward and to try to get the results that we need in the league , the Champions League and in the FA Cup to have a good season . " The first test of the new management team will be an FA Cup replay on Tuesday night at second flight Birmingham .	Sacking of Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas widely criticized Former manager Luis Felipe Scolari says it will be ` hell ' for whoever succeeds him League Managers ' Association chief Richard Bevan calls it an 'em barrassment ' Ruud Gullit says AVB made a mistake by leaving experienced players on bench
CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius , the South African amputee who is running in the 2012 Olympics on prosthetic legs , might be surprised to learn he is part of a history that traces back 3,500 years . Many ancient civilizations used prosthetic limbs made of wood and metal to get soldiers back into battle . They were also used for basic health reasons . For example , archaeologists have found two very old Egyptian artificial big toes that had been skillfully crafted . One toe was still fastened onto the right foot of the mummy of the daughter of an Egyptian priest , who may have suffered from diabetes . How good were the Egyptian prosthetics ? Modern volunteers with similar amputations tried them on and reported the toes were both comfortable and highly efficient during walking . For most of history , prosthetic limbs were used primarily to restore function and secondarily to mimic the human form  one of the Egyptian toes even had a false toenail  . In the 1980s , prosthetic limbs underwent a radical evolution when high-tech materials , sophisticated electronics , hydraulics and even microprocessor-controlled joints began appearing . Today , Pistorius ' "  Cheetah " legs are made of sophisticated curved composite carbon fiber that can handle fast running . There is no doubt that Pistorius , dubbed "  Blade Runner , " is a world-class athlete . Born with missing fibulas , his legs were amputated below the knees as a baby . Pistorius holds the double-amputee world records for the 100 - , 200 - and 400-meter dashes , and he has performed well against able-bodied athletes in international competitions . He is also courageous and determined . In 2007 , however , the International Association of Athletics Federations banned Pistorius from competing in able-bodied competitions after tests at the German Sport University showed the Cheetah blades allowed him to expend less energy than able-bodied runners . Pistorius assembled his own legal and scientific team and successfully appealed to the Court of Arbitration in Sport . Further tests showed that Pistorius uses energy at the same rate as other elite runners , and that the Cheetah legs are not more efficient than human legs . Also , while his artificial limbs are lighter than human legs , he must push off the ground harder to get the same thrust , which cancels out any advantage . The International Association of Athletics Federations decision was overturned . However , the story is far from over . The ruling only applies to Pistorius , and right now there is no general decision nor any guidelines about the future use of what the court called "  adaptive sports equipment . " The issue will have to be revisited by each new athlete who wants to use artificial mechanisms in competition . What happens if one day prosthetic technology advances past the able-bodied athlete ? The biophysicist Hugh Herr of MIT , himself a double amputee and one of the scientists who tested Pistorius , suggests that athletes will simply have to use less advanced technology to keep them on par with able-bodied athletes . But such a standard is clearly untenable . We do not ultimately know the degree to which technology mimics true physiological function . What if an amputee high jumper wants to use Cheetahs ; what level of springiness is "  fair " against able-bodied athletes ? What about a swimmer who wants to use prosthetic hands or legs ? Or an archer whose prosthetic arm does not tremble like an arm of flesh and blood ? We do not have metrics that can determine true equivalence with able-bodied athletes . Then there is the issue of fairness . In this year 's U.S. Olympic trials , Dathan Ritzenhein , the two-time Olympian and 5k American record holder , was eliminated from the marathon team because of leg cramps . Pistorius can not get cramps in his calves because he does not have any , and so he can never be eliminated based on this criterion . The Pistorius case confronts us with two important questions . What is a disability ? And what is the rationale for elite sport ? Defining "  disability " is a notoriously slippery enterprise . In 1997 , Casey Martin , a professional golfer with a circulatory disorder , sued under the American with Disabilities Act to be allowed to use a golf cart to play in the U.S. Open . The PGA argued that walking the 72 holes while playing world-class golf was a significant factor in tournament play . Who determines what components of a sport are part of its competitive fabric ? In the Martin case , it was the U.S. Supreme Court , who overruled the PGA and allowed Martin to use a golf cart . The world is not divided into the disabled and the able-bodied . "  Disability " is a medical term , but it is also a legal and a social term ; one can have a disability according to medicine but not law , or be considered disabled by social convention but not law or medicine . "  Normal " refers to a range of functioning , and a good case can often be made that those at the lower end of the "  normal " range have a disability . Where we draw the line can be arbitrary . What is the purpose of sport ? Sport is an artificial world . The rules of a game , the distances we run , the criteria for inclusion are all made up , and we change them regularly . We can either have pitchers in professional baseball bat , as in the National League , or have a designated hitter as in the American League . Neither is "  right , " no matter how passionately some feel about it . Sports work through convention . The great symbolic power of the Olympics is that we all agree on the same rules and then abide by them . Many opposed to Pistorius ' inclusion in the Olympics argue that fair competition requires people who start with the same basic physiological equipment . Pistorius ' supporters argue instead that fairness in sport means allowing all qualified people to compete , even those born without fibulas . Pistorius did not advance to the men 's 400-meter final , but he is still an inspiration . The decision to let him compete in the Olympics is the beginning of this conundrum . More and more , our powerful technological achievements will butt heads with our sense of naturalness and fairness . A lot of the debate and controversy around biotechnology will be played out in athletic competitions . Let the games begin . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Root Wolpe .	Oscar Pistorius is running in the 2012 Olympics on prosthetic legs Paul Wolpe : Is it fair for amputee athletes to compete with able-bodied athletes ? He asks what would happen when prosthetic technology becomes even more advanced Wolpe : Decision to let Pistorius participate in the Olympics raises many ethical issues
Washington  CNN  -- A compromise amendment intended to ease congressional passage of sweeping immigration legislation easily won Senate approval Wednesday . The 69-29 vote set up a procedural motion immediately afterward to limit debate on the roughly 1,200-page bill , which would provide an eventual path to citizenship for millions of immigrants living illegally in the country . While some further amendments still could be considered , the measure appeared headed to a final Senate vote by the end of the week after the procedural motion passed in a 67-31 vote . Backers of the bill want the Democratic-led Senate to pass it with a solid majority to demonstrate growing bipartisan momentum as the measure heads to the GOP-controlled House of Representatives . The compromise amendment by Republicans John Hoeven of North Dakota and Bob Corker of Tennessee would increase border security , a demand by conservative opponents of the immigration bill . Justices could put an end to hard choice for gay couples "  I hope our colleagues in the House of Representatives will follow the Senate 's lead , and work to pass bipartisan reform that both Democrats and Republicans can support , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said before Wednesday 's votes . Conservative GOP Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa , an opponent of the Senate bill , conceded it s likely to pass and called on House Republicans to make things right . "  I expect the House of Representatives to fix this miserable failure , " Grassley said . Republican leaders say the House will consider the issue in several smaller proposals instead of a comprehensive single measure , a process that would allow more debate and votes on specific provisions . Earlier Wednesday , House Speaker John Boehner reiterated to GOP members that he opposes having the House take up any Senate immigration legislation , according to Rep. John Fleming . Fleming , a Louisiana Republican , said Boehner told the weekly policy meeting that the House would work on its own immigration bills . If enacted , the bill would create a path to citizenship for roughly 11 million undocumented immigrants while enhancing security along the border with Mexico . Among other things , the compromise border security amendment would add 20,000 border agents , complete 700 miles of fence along the boundary with Mexico , and deploy $ 3.2 billion in technology upgrades similar to equipment used by U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan . Opinion : Protect rights of immigrant whistle-blowers The proposal also includes stronger worker eligibility verification standards and border entry-exit controls . Most undocumented immigrants would be eligible for permanent residency only after those five conditions have been met and verified by the Department of Homeland Security . Hoeven and Corker introduced the compromise amendment last week , saying it incorporated proposals from other senators to try to fix a broken immigration system . Grassley and other opponents argued the legislation amounts to an amnesty for immigrants who broke the law by living illegally in America . They argued the promises of increased border security before giving undocumented immigrants permanent residency would end up proving empty . "  It does nothing to change the legalization-first philosophy and does little more than offer false promises that the American people can no longer tolerate , " Grassley said . If eventually passed into law and signed by President Barack Obama , the bill would be the first major immigration reform since 1986 , during the second Reagan administration . Grassley conceded he voted for the 1986 measure , which also called for increased border security , and called his support then a mistake he regrets . Farm bill failure portends problems for immigration in the House The 2013 version was drafted by a Senate "  Gang of Eight " composed of four Democrats and four Republicans motivated by political and policy needs . Both parties concede the nation 's immigration system is broken , and some Republicans believe that GOP refusal to work with Democrats on the matter would mean a repeat of the 2012 presidential election in which Obama won a strong majority of the Hispanic vote . However , other Republicans fear that providing a path to legal status for millions of undocumented immigrants would bolster support for Democrats from the new voters . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , the most prominent Republican in the "  Gang of Eight , " told CNN 's Dana Bash last week that he understands "  why conservatives are upset . " "  They 've seen all these promises in the past that have n't been delivered , " Rubio said . But the status quo on immigration "  is hurting America , " he added . "  And if nothing passes , then this disaster that we have now , that 's what 's going to stay in place . " Opinion : Why cops should back immigration reform CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : A separate vote limits further debate , setting up a final vote as soon as Thursday The Senate easily passes a compromise amendment to increase border security A final vote on the immigration bill could occur by the end of the week It would increase border security and provide an eventual path to citizenship for millions
Washington  CNN  -- It was a long summer for President Barack Obama , who for months has defended his decision not to send U.S. troops to fight ISIS on the ground in the Middle East . But lawmakers contend that in the wake of a rapidly-spreading Ebola crisis and the upcoming midterm elections , the President 's commitment towards fighting the extremist terrorist organization has fallen short . Comparing the spread of Ebola to the ISIS threat against the United States , Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said Sunday that he does n't believe that the President is handling each issue with equal rigor . "  The stronger Ebola gets in Africa , the more it spreads and the more entrenched it is -- the more endangered we are , " Graham told Candy Crowley on CNN 's "  State of the Union " Sunday . "  The same  goes  for radical Islam in the Mideast . It seems to be that the President is all in when it comes to Ebola . I want to compliment him for sending troops to help get ahead of this in Africa , but we have a series of half-measures with  ISIS  . " His Republican colleague , Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , went a step further Sunday , saying that the President 's foreign policy "  is being trapped by his campaign rhetoric . " Ebola becomes an election issue "  I 'm very fearful as we look at the current military strategy that it is surrounding the November elections and that he wo n't have the resolve to follow through with what needs to be done in a sustained effort to destroy ISIS , and we 're about to repeat the same thing with Afghanistan , " Ayotte said on Fox News Sunday . Asked if she thought the President would pull back some of his commitment towards the issue after the midterm elections , Ayotte responded , "  I 'm very concerned about that ... and his resolve in this regard . " Both Ayotte and Graham have said that they do not believe that ISIS can be defeated without U.S. ground forces in Iraq , a move the President has vehemently opposed . But should Obama decide to increase the U.S. military presence in the Middle East to fight ISIS , he 'll have to first face Congress and a Republican-controlled House , whose leader says the President needs to outline a more robust foreign policy strategy for Congress to take up the debate . "  The President has to lay out a strategy . I do n't see that for the American public , " Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy , R-California , said on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " "  What is the goal ? What is our foreign doctrine ? What is our foreign policy ? " "  I see the threat before us . Looking at the chambers , we will see what people debate , " he said . "  I can pick and choose what goes forward but would never second-guess the House . " Biden explains how Ebola is like ISIS Even if a bill were to pass allowing the President to expand America 's military presence in the Middle East , the looming threat of defense cuts under sequestration could limit the administration 's response . That issue , lawmakers say , is a concern in which they are willing to reach across the aisle and compromise for . "  I want to sit down with Sens.  John  McCain , Jack Reed ,  and  Diane Feinstein to replace these cuts , " Graham told Crowley . "  Republicans have to give on revenue , close deductions in the tax code and put the money back in the sequestration and entitlement reform . " Democratic Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island shared that sentiment . "  Sequestration has to be either eliminated or somehow postponed and that goes not just for some of the issues like the Department of Defense . That goes for every agency of the federal government , " Reed said on "  State of the Union . " "  And people like Lindsey Graham who want to work on the issue , I want to work with him on it . Those types of issues are going to have to be dealt with no matter who is in charge . " Despite the looming threat of sequestration , the public anxiety over of the Ebola crisis and the recent Secret Service failures that have come to light this past month , the administration says the American people should n't be worried about its ability to handle the ISIS threat and other matters of national security . "  I do understand that people have had a growing skepticism of institutions for a long time , including government , " senior Obama advisor Dan Pfeiffer said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  But people should know that ... where a problem arises , we deal with it . We deal with it quickly , we deal with it forcefully to make sure it does n't happen . "	Sen. Lindsey Graham says Obama "  is all in when it comes to Ebola , " but not ISIS Sen. Kelly Ayotte says she is concerned Obama will reduce his commitment to fighting ISIS after midterms House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy says he would n't "  second-guess " the House on an ISIS vote Administration says that despite skepticism , it is capable of dealing with any matter of problem quickly
Honduras has the world 's highest murder rate , according to a United Nations report released on Thursday . There were 90.4 homicides per 100,000 people in Honduras in 2012 , according to this year 's report from the U.N. Office of Drugs and Crime . The report analyzes the intentional homicides of about 437,000 people around the world in that year . Honduras also topped the list in the office 's last report , released in 2011 . In the Americas , homicide rates have been five to eight times higher than those of Europe and Asia since the mid-1950s , the study says , describing the phenomenon as "  the legacy of decades of political and crime-related violence . " Here 's a look at the U.N. 's latest tally of nations with the highest homicide rates : COUNTRIES Honduras : 90.4  per 100,000 Venezuela : 53.7 Belize : 44.7 El Salvador : 41.2 Guatemala : 39.9 Jamaica : 39.3 Swaziland : 33.8 Saint Kitts and Nevis : 33.6 South Africa : 31.0 Colombia : 30.8 WEAPONS The report also provides a look at what kinds of weapons were used in homicides around the world . Firearms : 41 % Sharp objects : 24 % Other : 35 % Source : Global Study on Homicide 2013 , United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime	U.N. Office of Drugs and Crime : Honduras has the world 's highest homicide rate There were 90.4 homicides per 100,000 people there in 2012 , a new report says Homicide rates in the Americas have long been higher than those in Europe and Asia
A former U.S. soldier convicted five years ago of murdering an Iraqi family died Saturday , two days after an apparent suicide attempt in his Arizona prison cell , authorities said . Steven Green was found unresponsive last Thursday , according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons . The deputy chief medical examiner with Pima County , Dr. Eric Peters , said the cause of death was suicide by hanging . In 2009 , Green was found guilty in U.S. District Court in Kentucky of raping a 14-year-old Iraqi girl and murdering her , her parents and her 6-year-old sister in the town of Yusufiya , about 20 miles south of Baghdad . The crimes occurred three years before the conviction . Prosecutors sought the death penalty but a jury could n't reach a unanimous decision . He issued a public apology for his crimes , one the relatives of the victims did n't accept . Green , who was sentenced to multiple life sentences without possibility of parole , told the family he was "  truly sorry for what I did in Iraq . " "  I helped to destroy a family and end the lives of four of my fellow human beings , and I wish that I could take it back , but I can not , " Green said , reading a statement at a victim impact hearing . "  And , as inadequate as this apology is , it is all I can give you . " The relatives decried Green 's sentence and testified about how the heinous crime had shattered their lives , and how it will haunt them always . Green said that he knew "  you wish I was dead , and I do not hold that against you . If I was in your place , I am convinced beyond any doubt that I would feel the same way . " Green was tried in a civilian court in Paducah , Kentucky , because he had already been discharged from the Army by the time his crimes surfaced . He was the last of five soldiers who served in the 101st Airborne Division , based at Fort Campbell , Kentucky , to be convicted for the crimes and their subsequent cover-up . From 2009 : Steven Green : ` You probably think I 'm a monster '	Steven Green was found in his cell on Thursday and died two days later A medical examiner ruled his death suicide by hanging In 2006 , Green and four others raped a 14-year-old Iraqi girl and killed some of her family He was sentenced to multiple life terms in federal court because he had left the Army
Henrique Capriles Radonski is the fast-rising conservative challenging President Hugo Chavez in Sunday 's elections . At age 40 , he has been a mayor , a parliament leader , a governor of a major state and he 's now the candidate of an opposition coalition seeking to knock Chavez out of power after 13 years . Capriles enjoys the backing of a coalition of opposition parties . An attorney , he was elected to parliament in 1998 , when Venezuela had a bicameral legislature . He was just 25 years old at the time , but he quickly advanced to become the president of the Chamber of Deputies and then president of the entire Parliament . But the bicameral legislature was dissolved in 1999 . The following year , Capriles was elected mayor of Baruta , which is located in the state of Miranda and is a suburb in the Caracas metropolitan area . He became mayor with more than 60 % of the vote in 2000 . In 2002 , he become involved in violent anti-government demonstrations outside the Cuban Embassy and spent four months in jail . The tumult was so powerful that Chavez was briefly ousted from office . Capriles was eventually released from jail and cleared of any wrongdoing . He then was reelected mayor with almost 80 % approval in 2004 . In 2008 , he ran for governor of Miranda and won . He kept pursuing higher office , and this February he won an opposition primary and became the candidate to run against Chavez . He has since stepped down from the governorship to campaign full time . Capriles ' grandparents were Polish Holocaust survivors , but he is a practicing Catholic , according to the Los Angeles-based Simon Wiesenthal Center .	Henrique Capriles Radonski has been a parliament leader , mayor and governor He is backed by a coalition of opposition parties seeking to unseat President Chavez He was jailed in 2002 during demonstrations against the Chavez government Capriles ' grandparents were Polish Holocaust survivors but he 's a practicing Catholic
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- A remote-controlled roadside bomb ripped through a bus transporting Turkish military personnel and their families to a gendarmerie paramilitary base in Istanbul on Tuesday . Turkish authorities say three gendarmerie sergeants and the 17-year-old daughter of a member of the security forces were killed in the attack . A fourth wounded sergeant died in hospital hours after the bomb blast , an official at Istanbul 's TEM Hospital told CNN , raising the death toll to five . "  It was a remote-controlled , fragmentation bomb that was left on the side of the road , " said Huseyin Avni Mutlu , the governor of Istanbul , in a televised appearance broadcast live from the scene of the explosion . "  This is a terrorist act . " The bomb attack took place in the western , European side of the city . Mutlu said the device hit the third and last of a three-bus convoy that was traveling to the Istanbul Province Gendarmerie Command Center . CNN Turk , CNN 's sister network , broadcast images of the white civilian passenger bus standing in the middle of the road , with purple curtains blowing through shattered windows . The network also showed video of a man dressed in civilian clothes bleeding from the stomach , being loaded into an ambulance . A splinter Kurdish nationalist group , the Kurdistan Freedom Falcons , claimed responsibility for the bombing in a statement posted on the internet . "  All military forces and groups , bureaucratic persons who have a role in this racist war against Kurdish people are our target , " said the statement , which was released on the pro-Kurdish web-site , the Firat News Agency . The Kurdistan Freedom Falcons are a splinter group from the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , a movement of Marxist Kurdish guerrillas who have been fighting against the Turkish state since the 1980s . Tuesday 's deadly explosion comes at a time when the 26-year conflict between Turkish security forces and Kurdish PKK militants is once again flaring . Last week , a top Turkish army general announced the PKK was increasing the frequency of its attacks . General Fahri Kir said the militants are trying to expand operations beyond south-eastern , predominantly Kurdish-populated Turkey . PKK militants are making no secret of their threats to widen the battlefield in Turkey . "  If the military operations and the political operations do not stop against the guerrillas and the Kurdish people , the actions of the PKK will spread to the cities as well , " said PKK spokesman Roj Welat , in a telephone call to CNN from northern Iraq . The PKK has been battling the Turkish government since the early 1980s . Initially , the movement fought to carve out a separate homeland for Turkey 's ethnic Kurdish minority , which makes up nearly 18 percent of the Turkish population , according to the CIA World Factbook . More then 30,000 people , mostly ethnic Kurds , have been killed during the conflict . In recent years , the rebels say they have given up their demands for an independent Kurdish state , and are instead fighting for more linguistic and cultural freedoms . Though the Kurds represent Turkey 's largest ethnic minority , their language has historically been suppressed by the Turkish state , which long referred to Kurds as "  mountain Turks . " Twelve Turkish troops were killed in eastern Turkey last weekend during clashes with rebels along the border with Iraq . According to the Turkish military , at least 55 Turkish security forces have been killed in fighting with the PKK since the beginning of March . Turkish authorities said they were investigating links between Tuesday 's roadside bomb and a similar , less deadly bombing that targeted a police bus in the same Halkali district of Istanbul on June 8 . Fifteen police officers were injured in that attack . When asked about the previous police bus blast , Istanbul Police Chief Huseyin Capkin said there may be a connection . He added that authorities were investigating the possible link .	NEW : 5 killed in Istanbul bus bombing NEW : Kurdish splinter group issues claim of responsibility NEW : Istanbul governor : ` This is a terrorist act '
CNN  -- Hailed as the horse "  the Germans could not kill " after surviving machine gun attacks and falling shells , one of World War I 's most famous animals has been honored with its own version of Britain 's most prestigious medal the Victoria Cross . Warrior , who arrived on the Western Front on August 11 , 1914 , with his owner and rider General Jack Seely endured the horrors of the Battle of the Somme and was rescued twice at Passchendaele after becoming trapped in his stables . After suffering a number of injuries , Warrior returned home to the Isle of Wight in 1918 where he lived until he passed away at the age of 33 , and the horse has now been honored by being awarded an Honorary PDSA Dickin Medal . Warrior 's life has been used as an inspiration by the likes of film director Steven Spielberg , whose film Warhorse won critical acclaim and was nominated for an Oscar . "  Warrior is an extraordinary example of the resilience , strength , and profound contribution that horses made to the Great War , " Spielberg said . "  Recognizing him with an Honorary PDSA Dickin Medal is a fitting and poignant tribute not only to this remarkable animal , but to all animals that served . " The film , which was based on the 1982 novel by Michael Morpurgo , is one of the most famous of its kind as it tells the tale of Joey , a horse which serves in WW1 . It 's the first time that the PDSA Dickin Medal has been awarded to an animal who served on the front line during conflict in the veterinary charity 's 97-year history . The medal was accepted by Seely 's grandson , Brough Scott , who is a horse racing journalist and broadcaster . The ceremony was held at London 's Imperial War Museum where the horse was honored 100 years after he began his journey into war . "  Warrior 's story - which I grew up hearing at my mothers ' knee -- was lost in time to the wider world . But now he rides again 100 years later , thanks to PDSA , " said Scott . "  My family and I are more than honored that Warrior has been given this award on behalf of all animals that also served ; we are truly humbled . I only wish Jack Seely were here today to witness Warrior receiving the animal equivalent of the Victoria Cross . " Warrior is the 66th winner of the medal from the PDSA but is the first to receive an honorary award and the first to have done so having been involved in WW1 . Since its introduction , 65 Dickin Medals have been awarded to 29 dogs , 32 Pigeons who flew in World War II , three horses and a cat . The most recent recipient was Sasha , a military dog , who died while on patrol in Afghanistan .	Warrior honored by animals version of Victoria Cross Horse praised by film director Steven Spielberg Warrior served in World War I and survived Horse honored 100 years after start of the Great War
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- America 's first female four-star general has been nominated , the Pentagon announced Monday . Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody was nominated to be America 's first four-star female general . President Bush nominated Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody to serve as head of the Army 's supply arm . By law women are excluded from combat jobs , the typical path to four-star rank in the military . "  This is an historic occasion for the Department of Defense and I am proud to nominate Lt. Gen. Ann Dunwoody for a fourth star , " said Defense Secretary Robert Gates . "  Her 33 years of service , highlighted by extraordinary leadership and devotion to duty , make her exceptionally qualified for this senior position . " The Senate must approve the nomination . Dunwoody , a native of New York , was commissioned as a second lieutenant in 1975 after her graduation from the State University of New York in Cortland . She also holds graduate degrees in national resource strategy and logistics management . She became the Army 's top-ranking woman in 2005 when she received her third star and became deputy chief of staff for Army logistics . "  I am very honored but also very humbled today with this announcement , " said Dunwoody . "  I grew up in a family that did n't know what glass ceilings were . This nomination only reaffirms what I have known to be true about the military throughout my career ... that the doors continue to open for men and women in uniform . " The Army Materiel Command handles all material readiness for the Army . During her career , Dunwoody has been assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division , 10th Mountain Division and the Defense Logistics Agency . She served with the 82nd Airborne in Saudi Arabia during the 1991 Persian Gulf War . She has been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal , Defense Superior Service Medal , the Legion of Merit , the Meritorious Service Medal , the Army Commendation Medal , the Army Achievement Medal , Master Parachutist Badge and the Army Staff Identification Badge . The first woman to become a general officer in the U.S. armed services was Brig. Gen. Anna Mae Hays , chief of the Army Nurse Corps , who achieved the rank in 1970 and retired the following year . Elizabeth Hoisington , the director of the Women 's Army Corps , was promoted to brigadier general immediately after Hays . She also retired the following year . Maj. Gen. Jeanne M. Holm , the first director of Women in the Air Force , was the first woman to wear two stars , attaining the rank in 1973 and retiring two years later . In 1996 , Marine Lt. Gen. Carol A. Mutter became the first woman to wear three stars . Mutter retired in 1999 . Currently , there are 57 active-duty women serving as generals or admirals , five of whom are lieutenant generals or vice admirals , the Navy 's three-star rank , according to the Pentagon .	Bush nominated Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody to be head of Army 's supply arm By law women are excluded from combat jobs , the typical path to four-star rank Dunwoody has served 33 years , and became Army 's top-ranking woman in 2005 There are 57 active-duty women serving as generals or admirals
CNN  -- If you 're going to name your kid after a wild animal , at least have a good reason . Kate Winslet , who welcomed son Bear Blaze with husband Ned Rocknroll last December , has assured "  Ellen 's " Ellen DeGeneres that yes , there 's a purpose for the kid 's unique signature . Bear Blaze is the 38-year-old star 's third child -- she had daughter Mia , 13 , and son Joe , 10 , with prior husbands Jim Threapleton and Sam Mendes , respectively -- and this time around she had baby names on the brain . "  When I was pregnant with Mia and I was pregnant with Joe , I did n't name them before they came out because I always felt like I just have to see them and see who they 're going to be , " Winslet said . "  But of course this time around , there 's Mia and Joe and the whole pregnancy 's about what are we going to call the baby . ... They were very much included , and we settled on Bear quite early on . " The reason she loved the name is because a friend of hers was nicknamed Bear , "  and I just had always really loved it , " the "  Divergent " actress said . "  He was very much a bear , he was everybody 's shoulder to cry on , he was a big bear hug . He was just this great figure in my life . " And to pick Bear 's middle name , she and her husband Ned wanted something that represented their bond . "  Bear 's second name is Blaze because my husband and I met in a house fire basically , " the actress continued , referring to the fire that consumed billionaire Richard Branson 's Caribbean home while she was staying there in 2011 . "  The house burnt down and we survived , but we wanted something of the fire , and so Blaze was the name that we came up with . " Bear Blaze may be uncommon , but Winslet did n't want to be creative with the infant 's last name . While her husband enjoys the last name Rocknroll , an eccentric moniker he adopted before he met and married the actress , it 's pretty clear she does n't like it . When DeGeneres asked why Winslet 's youngest son is n't taking his father 's last name , she paused before responding with a laugh , "  Why do you think , Ellen ? " Instead , he 'll be known as Bear Blaze Winslet .	Kate Winslet chose a surprising name for her third child She explains on "  Ellen " that there 's a reason for the unique combination The baby will not have his father 's eccentric last name , however
It 's not often you get insight into a destination from a heavy metal band , but in Debrecen , Hungary 's second city , locals are used to having to make a noise to get heard . "  We 've got to go to the Roncsbar , " Debrecen enthusiast Nora Erdei tells me after a day touring the city 's rich historical sites  Roncsbar , Csapo utca 27 , Debrecen ; +36 52 688 050  . Just off the historic center , Roncsbar is a pub and live music venue masquerading as a junk shop filled with pre-loved sofas and a ceiling hung with hundreds of retired cymbals shimmering like fish scales . It has the atmosphere of a student party in an old building that 's waiting to be renovated -- or very possibly demolished . Roncs is owned by Hungary 's best known heavy metal band , Tankcsapda . Sometimes referred to as the "  Hungarian Metallica , " the band has taken an international music genre and -- through lyrics , album covers , and an annual New Year party-concert -- made it all about their home city . It 's perhaps fitting that Tankcsapda should be seen as ambassadors for Debrecen -- the city sometimes needs a few power chords and pounding bass lines to get noticed . "  Foreigners think that Hungary is Budapest and there 's nothing else , " is a familiar refrain on Debrecen 's streets . Hungary 's backup capital Debrecen has , at times , been more important than the current seat of power , with locals claiming it takes over in times of trouble . That does n't quite add up . Debrecen has survived 13th-century Mongol invasions , the Black Death , 150 years of struggle against the Ottomans , numerous conflicts and the turmoil of communism and still only briefly been the country 's capital twice . It took the helm once after a short-lived revolution in 1849 and for a second time at the end of World War II . Today , Debrecen may not be well known to tourists , but that only adds to the charm of this relaxed university city . It 's a small place ; the historical center is sized for strolling and regular cafe stops . The bizarrely elegant , stuffed-crocodile-decorated Croco Cafe in the art nouveau Hotel Aranybika  Piac utca 11-15 , Debrecen ; +36 20 363 6121  is a good place to pre-load with coffee before tackling the vertiginous stairs of the west tower of the Great Reformed Church  Piac utca , Debrecen ; +36 52 412 694  . From the tower there 's a grand overview of Debrecen and and the surrounding area -- a vast sea of grassland stretching across the Carpathian Basin . These are the rich grazing lands that the horse-powered Magyar tribes from the east settled in the ninth century and which their descendants , the Hungarians , have raised livestock on ever since . Architectural mash-up There 's also a view of Debrecen 's mix of architectural styles , the legacy of frequent devastating fires that back in the 19th century led the city 's students to form one of Europe 's first-ever fire brigades . Also visible from the rooftops are traditional weather cocks with Islamic star and crescent moon symbols that once advertised to Ottoman invaders that the city preferred trading to fighting . Trade meant that craftsmen prospered and Debrecen became famous for -- among other things -- hats , clay pipes  in the early 19th century 10 million were reportedly made a year , with thousands bought for Britain 's navy  and fine foods . Back on the ground , perhaps fueled by cake or famed ice cream made with real fruit on the terrace of the Gara Cukraszda cafe  Kalvin ter 6 , Debrecen ; +36 52 530 460  , it 's possible to explore more of the city 's student life , past and present . In the 500-year-old Reformed College of Debrecen  Kalvin ter 16 , Debrecen ; +36 52 516 856  , the current crop of undergraduates can be contrasted with exhibits celebrating the lives of their 17th - and 18th-century forbears . Here visitors can view a reconstruction of one of the city 's early printing presses and explore the soaring library , with more than half a million books set amid serene green colonnades and soaring galleries . Glass and concrete Nearby , MODEM  Baltazar Dezso ter 1 , Debrecen ; +36 52 525 010  is an ultra-modern gallery with stark and curved glass and concrete walls . A winter showing here of challenging works by cutting-edge Chinese artists has just given way to a summer-long exhibition of paintings depicting Hungarian grasslands and herder traditions . A tram ride connects Debrecen to Nagyerdo Park , a huge forest that 's home to Aquaticum  Nagyerdei Park 1 , Debrecen ; +36 52 514 174  , a thermal spa and pleasure-baths complex that in August takes advantage of its nine-meter-high spiral and its open kamikaze slides to host the Hungarian National Water-Chute Championship . Debrecen hosts its yearly flower parade and carnival this year August 15-20 -- the event dates to a cycling meet in 1900 when floral decorations got more attention than the riders . It was revived in 1969 , minus the pedalers , and now uses 3 million blooms to dress themed floats parading along three miles of decorated streets . ` Double sausage ' Throughout the year , Debrecen hosts festivals dedicated to folk and choral music , poetry , gymnastics , jazz and "  stuffed dishes . " At the 17th-century Old Post House Hotel  Szechenyi utca 6 , Debrecen ; +36 52 325 325  , the accommodation is reassuringly 21st century , but there 's timeless evening entertainment with traditional czardas dance-house music played by a trio in the cellar bar . For breakfast the hotel offers the dauntingly named , and just as dauntingly sized , "  Debrecen double sausage . " With hundreds of years as a livestock market serving a farming hinterland Debrecen has always been about food , and not all of it sausage shaped . The highly ranked Ikon Restaurant  Piac utca 23 , Debrecen ; +36 30 55 57766  is another example of the city 's ability to combine the local and the cosmopolitan . After working in leading UK restaurants , chef Peter Pataky returned to Debrecen to build on his family 's traditional recipes . For his "  20 Mile Menu " he uses ingredients sourced from within the stated distance -- terrain that encompasses the pasture lands of Hortobagy and the livestock that Debrecen 's wealth was built on . For Debrecen tourism information visit : Gotodebrecen.com .	Debrecen served as Hungary 's capital after a short-lived revolution in 1849 and for a second time at the end of World War II The city is known as the home of Hungary 's most popular heavy metal band and one of its oldest universities It also hosts a variety of festivals , including events dedicated to flowers , water slides and stuffed food
CNN  -- On April 8 , 1988 , when he was 16 and long before he became a model , rapper and actor , Mark Wahlberg -- high on drugs and alcohol -- assaulted a man while trying to steal two cases of alcohol and then punched another man in the face as he attempted to avoid the police . He was arrested , sentenced and tried as an adult , and he served 45 days in prison . Today , at 43 , Wahlberg is a much different person -- a father of four , a successful movie star , a philanthropist who works with at-risk youth -- but says he 's still legally affected by his convictions . In a petition submitted Monday  PDF  , he 's asking for a pardon . "  I am deeply sorry for the actions that I took on the night of April 8 , 1988 , as well as for any lasting damage I may have caused the victims , " he writes in the petition . "  Since that time , I have dedicated myself to becoming a better person and citizen so that I can be a role model to my children and others . " Wahlberg says his record "  can potentially be the bases to deny me a concessionaire 's license in California and elsewhere , " something important to him because of his interest in Wahlburgers , a restaurant he hopes to expand . Moreover , he says , "  given my prior record , Massachusetts and California law prohibit me from actually obtaining positions in law enforcement , " which he says prevents him from becoming "  more active in law enforcement activities . " Wahlberg has frequently acknowledged his troubled past . In July , he told CBS News that he draws on his experiences in his acting . "  I have a lot of real life experience that I can draw on , " Wahlberg said . "  And I think that shows in the characters that I play because I 'm always trying to find somebody -- or find characters to play that I can identify with on a personal level or relate to . And I think it makes for a little bit more of an honest portrayal . " He added , "  Once I got a second chance , I was never going to do anything to mess it up . " In the petition , Wahlberg notes that in 2001 he started the Mark Wahlberg Youth Foundation , which has donated $ 7 million to various youth causes , and he 's very active in the Boys & Girls Club . News reports have noted that Wahlberg left some details out of his pardon . As his sentencing memorandum states , he made a racial slur to the first man he hit and continued with such speech after he was arrested . One victim was left blind in one eye , according to an ABC News report . Wahlberg admits that his reasons for asking for a pardon go beyond just having certain legal rights smoothed out . "  The more complex answer is that receiving a pardon would be a formal recognition that I am not the same person that I was the night of April 8 , 1988 , " he writes . "  It would be formal recognition that someone like me can receive official public redemption if he devotes himself to personal improvement and a life of good works . " The pardon would also be a message for troubled youths that "  they too can turn their lives around and be formally accepted back into society , " he adds . Some observers have been skeptical of the request . "  Even if Wahlberg is not the same person anymore , he was that person at one point , and if he 's seeking a pardon the full version of how he acted is what should be judged , " wrote the Boston Globe 's Austin Tedesco . Commenters on Boston 's WBZ 's "  Daily Talker " were harsher . "  Why him and not numerous others who have turned their lives around ? Has he made amends to the victim ? " wrote jockstevens . "  Ah , no . It would n't be fair to others in the same situation , " wrote the flip side . Wahlberg 's case will be reviewed by the parole board , which will pass its recommendation to Gov. Deval Patrick , who will make the final decision pending approval by the eight-person Governor 's Council . CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Mark Wahlberg served prison time for committing assault when he was 16 He 's asking for a pardon because he 's still affected by the convictions "  I have dedicated myself to becoming a better person , " he says
CNN  -- A Canadian 14-year-old completed a nearly 27-hour , 31.6-mile solo swim across Lake Ontario on Sunday , becoming the youngest person ever to make the trek . As Annaleise Carr approached the Toronto shore , her red swimming cap bobbing up and down as she swam freestyle , a crowd of supporters cheered and clapped . As they watched her approach shore they chanted , "  You can do it , Annaleise ! You can do it , Annaleise ! " Annaleise began her charity swim at 6:17 p.m. ET Saturday at Niagara-on-the-Lake . She climbed out of the water at Toronto 's Marilyn Bell Park two minutes before 9 p.m. Sunday . The teenager did not speak to the gathered crowd after her swim , instead going to the hospital for a standard check-up , a spokesman said . 62-year-old tries Cuba-to-Florida swim again Staff in a kayak and an inflatable boat accompanied her to shore . CNN affiliate CTV said Annaliese was allowed breaks during her swim so she could eat , but she had to stay in the water . The teenager did her swim for charity , aiming to raise $ 30,000 for Camp Trillium , a childhood cancer center . As of 5:23 p.m. Sunday , she had raised close to $ 80,000 , according to her parents , who were updating her progress online each step of the way . "  Unbelievable !!!!! " her parents wrote on her website , Annaleise 's Lake Ontario Crossing . "  We are so proud !!! " The first person to swim across Lake Ontario was 16-year-old Marilyn Bell in 1954 , according to Swim Ontario , the sport 's provincial governing body . Nearly 50 other swimmers have completed the swim since then , but Annaleise is the youngest , according to Solo Swims of Ontario , a non-profit group that monitors the safety of long-distance swims . One of the solo Lake Ontario swimmers was Diana Nyad , who on Sunday was attempting to swim from Florida to Cuba . The 62-year-old Nyad -- who completed her Lake Ontario swim in 1974 at the age of 24 -- was a third of the way to her goal as of Sunday evening . In Annaleise 's last blog post before setting off , she said she was well rested after sleeping nearly 12 hours the night before . She wrote , "  Dad says he thinks I have ice in my veins : I guess we 'll find out because the lake flipped yesterday and I 'm looking at very cold water in Toronto now ! I 'll do my best to deal with anything that comes my way ... not just the cold ! " Annaleise says on her site that she has swum competitively since she was 4 and that distance swimming has always been her passion . She began swimming in the lake three or four years ago and said competing in open water is "  way quieter " than in a pool . She says she chose Lake Ontario for her swim because it 's one of the hardest open-water swims in the world , and she wanted to "  accomplish something difficult " for children who fight cancer . Nyad ` feeling strong ' in swim attempt despite squall , stings	Annaleise Carr swam for nearly 27 hours in chilly waters The course across the lake is more than 31 miles She swam to raise money for childhood cancer She raised nearly three times her goal by Sunday evening
CNN  -- Talks aimed at ending 50 years of fighting between FARC guerrillas and Colombian forces are expected to take place Wednesday in Norway . In an interview last month , Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that he was hopeful about the prospect for peace . The sides were able to negotiate a "  short " and "  pragmatic " agenda for the talks , he said . Santos said he has been thinking about the possibility of peace ever since the FARC 's military commander was killed in 2010 . Read more : Five facts about Colombia 's FARC rebels A developing economy and the military successes Colombia has scored against the FARC make it a good time for negotiations , according to Santos . After starting in Oslo , the talks will move to Havana , Cuba . Peace talks between the rebels -- the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC -- and the government have occurred sporadically since the 1980s . The last attempt fell apart in 2002 . Then-President Andres Pastrana ceded an area the size of Switzerland to the guerrilla group but ended negotiations after rebels launched a series of attacks across the country in an apparent bid to strengthen their position . The two sides have been at war since the 1960s , making it Latin America 's oldest insurgency . Santos said the group must be permitted to participate in the political process . Read more : FARC ready to lay down arms if government does , members say "  You ca n't ask the FARC to simply kneel down , surrender and give us the arms , " Santos said . "  They will not do that , so there has to be some kind of way out , and this way out has to be you can be able to participate in the political arena . This is a way any conflict is settled , not only the Colombian conflict . " Yet , the president has said their will be no cease-fire while the two sides are in talks , though the rebels have said they would ask for one . "  I 've told them there will be cease-fire and we will stop any military operation when we reach a final agreement , " Santos said . "  And if I see that there 's no progress , that they are simply trying to buy time , I will stand up and continue business as usual . And that 's why there 's no cease-fire , no decrease in our military operations , and my government agenda will continue as it was until then . " Read more : Colombian rebels free French journalist The rebels continue to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces , though it has been severely weakened in recent years , thanks in part to a U.S.-backed security campaign . U.S. officials praised news of the talks . "  President Obama welcomes President Santos ' deep commitment to working for peace and recognizes the courage and sacrifice of successive Colombian governments -- and most especially of the Colombian people -- in achieving this milestone , " the White House said in September . "  The FARC should now take this opportunity to end its decades of terrorism and narcotics trafficking , and allow the Colombian people to continue building a democratic , prosperous and just society . " CNN 's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report	The talks will begin in Oslo and then move to Havana Colombia 's president says the outlook is good The president says there will be no cease-fire while the two are in talks The two sides have been a war since the 1960s
CNN  -- Gunmen killed seven people Wednesday in Pakistan 's southwestern Balochistan province , and two more died in a bomb blast in Karachi , police said . The Karachi explosion resulted from a bomb planted near an illegal gambling and drug center , according to police official Muhammad Aslam . It was not immediately clear who placed the bomb . In Balochistan , four people died in Loop Sherani when gunmen on two motorcycles sprayed a vehicle with what police official Abdul Jabbar Baloch called "  indiscriminate firing . " The shooting appeared to be a targeted killing , he said . In the other Balochistan incident , gunmen killed three people in Quetta , the provincial capital . Deputy Inspector General Wazir Khan Nasar said gunmen had earlier kidnapped the victims , who were later shot repeatedly in the head from close range . Balochistan , Pakistan 's largest province , is routinely racked with violence . This month , 97 people have died in bombings in the province , leading to protests among Shiites who complain that the government has done too little to protect them . In addition to sectarian attacks on Shiites , unrest in the province is believed to be fomented by several insurgent groups , including the separatist Balochistan Liberation Army and the Pakistani Taliban . CNN 's Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	NEW : Bomb blast kills two in Karachi Gunmen kill seven people in Balochistan province in southwest Pakistan In Loop Sherani , men on motorcycles spray a vehicle with gunfire , killing four people In Quetta , the provincial capital , gunmen kill three people who had been kidnapped
CNN  -- "  A must-have quality for figure skaters is , I think , gorgeousness . " Japan 's Daisuke Takahashi throws his head back and laughs , but he is serious . His is a sport where performance is everything -- from the flamboyant routines to the glitzy outfits to the interaction with the crowd . "  The best part about figure skating is how I can have the entire audience 's attention to myself , " the former world champion told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I believe performing and showing off is very important , but I constantly prevent myself from becoming too self-absorbed . The audience wo n't be moved if I 'm performing only for my satisfaction . "  It 's sort of like playing ` catch . ' For me , when I 'm watching musicals or performances , I feel a bit uncomfortable when the actor is too self-absorbed . I like the people who can perform while being sensitive of the atmosphere . " Takahashi was raised to national hero status in 2010 when he became the first Japanese man to win a world singles title in figure skating , having the previous month become the first to win an Olympic medal in the discipline when he took bronze in Vancouver . Despite his success -- he also won silver at last year 's worlds -- the 27-year-old admits he still looks up to his rivals . "  I never thought I have anything special . I 've always thought about what I do n't have compared to other skaters , " he says . "  I tend to think like other skaters get more applause than I do . I constantly think about ways I can level up , and I 'm often jealous of other skaters , " he adds , laughing . "  When I see someone 's cool performance , it makes me want to be like them , and that 's what motivates me . " A big part of figure skating is the outfits -- often elaborate lycra creations that might otherwise seem more at home in a musical stage show . "  I do n't have long legs and arms , and I am ... short , " quips Takahashi . "  So I want something that makes me look taller and with longer legs and arms . "  I want something will make me a bit bigger , and so something with flaps that give my arms a little flow . " The shoes , with their thin blades , are even more important . "  If I did n't have them , I would n't be able to skate , so it 's like the heart , " Takahashi says . "  I think it 's something everyone struggles with , especially for me because my shoes do n't last long . I sometimes change them every month or after every competition , and it 's very difficult finding the right shoes . Depending on if the shoes are good , it affects the performance , so it 's very important . " Born in the city of Kurashiki in Okayama Prefecture , Takahashi wanted to be a gymnast when he was growing up . But , as fate would have it , an ice rink was built near his home and his future was settled by the practical reality of it being closer than the gymnasium where he infrequently trained . "  My mother 's co-worker who really liked ice skating took me and it made me realize that I really want to do this , " he recalls . "  Figure skating was n't famous where I grew up , and the ice rink was just built with a small club team without a professional coach , so the number of skaters was really small . But we all worked together to manage the money , learn tricks , and organize . " At junior high school he met Utako Nagamitsu , who has remained his coach ever since -- she is currently working alongside the Russian Nikolai Morozov , who is now back on Takahashi 's team after their initial split back in 2008 . "  We 've traveled the world together , which other coaches rarely do , " Takahashi says of Nagamitsu . "  Now it 's officially a team , with a nutritionist , trainer , management company , costume maker , music mixer and level check managers , and choreographers . " Takahashi 's success in 2010 was all the more satisfying because he had only just returned to full fitness after a serious knee injury that sidelined him for a year . The anterior cruciate ligament problem halted his progress after he won silver at the 2007 world championships -- another first for Japan . "  I 'm afraid of injuries . The surgery was good for my mental health , but it was about three years later when I was able to get back my flow , " he says . "  As for balancing off-ice and on-ice life , right now I try not to because all of it is part of my private lifestyle . I 'll take breaks to rest my body , but I generally do n't feel like I must take days off . " Takahashi took more time out in 2011 when he had to have the bolt from that knee surgery removed , but he recovered the following year to win his first Grand Prix Final -- which was held in Sochi , the Russian resort city that will host next year 's Winter Olympics . "  The most significant competition for me is the Olympics . I 've entered the Olympics twice , but the one at Vancouver is the one I ca n't forget about , " Takahashi says . "  It was the season after recovering from my injury . It was a competition that I got so excited I started tearing up before it began , which never happened before . "  I got hurt , and I struggled , took out my feelings on the people who supported me , and even then I was able to make the Olympics , and through the season it was the only time when I felt like I was actually competing well . "  It was n't the perfect performance , but it was my first medal , and I think that was when my life took a different turn . " Takahashi is now hoping to earn one of the three men 's places in Japan 's figure skating team for Sochi . He finished sixth at March 's world championships in Canada , behind fourth-placed compatriot Yuzuru Hanyu but ahead of Takahito Mura in eighth . Both are much younger -- Hanyu is 18 and Mura 22 -- and Takahashi is keenly aware that he has a lot of work to do if he is to succeed at Sochi . "  They definitely are rivals , but it 's more like I try hard so that they see me as their rival . Now the level of technicality of skating is very high and they grew up with the new rules , but my generation just adjusted to the new rules ... It 's hard keeping up . " But Takahashi showed last month in Tokyo that he still has what it takes , winning the individual title for the second year in a row at the World Team Trophy event , with Mura fifth . "  Since three years ago when I decided to continue my career until Sochi , I think emotionally I 'm doing everything I can to prepare for it , more than any other Olympics ever , " he says . "  I do n't have the Olympics gold medal , so I definitely want it . "	Daisuke Takahashi is the first Japanese man to win an Olympic medal in figure skating He is also the first Asian male to win a world championship title in the discipline Takahashi overcame a serious knee injury that sidelined him for a whole season The 27-year-old is hoping to win gold at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi
CNN  -- Tensions were rising in Bolivia on Saturday as members of the country 's four highest natural gas-producing regions declared autonomy from the central government . Ruben Costas , center , governor of Santa Cruz , celebrates as the Bolivian region declares autonomy Saturday . Thousands waved the Santa Cruz region 's green-and-white flags in the streets as council members of the Santa Cruz , Tarija , Beni and Pando districts made the public announcement . The officials displayed a green-bound document containing a set of statutes paving the way to a permanent separation from the Bolivian government . Council representatives vowed to legitimize the so-called autonomy statutes through a referendum that would legally separate the natural-gas rich districts from President Evo Morales ' government . The move also aims to separate the states from Bolivia 's new constitution , which calls for , among other things , a heavier taxation on the four regions to help finance more social programs . "  The statutes will be ratified , " said Oscar Ortiz , Santa Cruz senator . "  With a public referendum , the people of our region will legitimize their will . " About 35 percent of Bolivia 's 9.5 million people live in the four states , according to The Associated Press . In the meantime , Bolivian network ATV showed what appeared to be armed , pro-government protesters creating blockades around the town of Yapacani , on the outskirts of Santa Cruz . Some indigenous pro-Morales groups claim Bolivia 's richer , white-ruled Eastern regions want to control the country 's natural resources . Bolivia has South America 's second-largest natural gas reserves , behind Venezuela . Most of it is produced in the Eastern regions . Watch Bolivian leader speak out " In the capital city La Paz on Saturday , Morales addressed thousands of flag-waving supporters in the Plaza Murillo , defending the new constitution and lashing out against what he called the racist policies of Bolivia 's elite . "  They must give back the money they took from us , " he told a cheering crowd , which included members of the Quechua and Aymara tribes . "  We will retroactively investigate all the big fortunes , and the corrupt are now trembling with fear . " Morales also cautioned those who he said want a "  a division , a coup d'etat , " the AP reported . "  We wo n't permit Bolivia to be divided , " he warned . Morales -- who belongs to the Aymara indigenous group -- nationalized the country 's oil and natural gas reserves when he took power in 2006 , creating what became known as the "  gas wars . " Running on a platform of redistribution of wealth among Bolivia 's poor , Morales has defied countries such as Brazil and the United States for the exploration of Bolivia 's natural reserves . He has also protested the country 's racial divide . "  Bolivia is a nation among nations , " he said Saturday , referring to the diversity of Indian nations whose traditions date back centuries . "  We are not a country of blue-eyed , green-eyed folks only . It 's a plurinational country made of dark-skinned and white-skinned . This new constitution will unite us . " E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	The natural-gas-rich districts seek to distance themselves from Bolivia 's constitution Constitution calls for heavier taxes on the regions to help finance social programs AP : "  We wo n't permit Bolivia to be divided , " President Evo Morales warns Pro-Morales groups : Richer regions want to control Bolivia 's natural resources
CNN  -- When Venus Williams was knocked off the top of the women 's tennis world rankings by younger sister Serena in July 2002 , she could n't have imagined that over a decade later she would still be waiting for a return to the summit . Despite winning three further Wimbledon singles titles since last being No. 1 , the American has endured a 10-year spell blighted by losses of form and fitness -- culminating in being diagnosed with Sjogren 's Syndrome at last year 's U.S. Open . But the 32-year-old is on the comeback trail , setting her sights on a return to the top of the world -- plus singles and doubles glory at Flushing Meadows -- after Thursday 's third-round win over French Open runner-up Sara Errani at the Cincinnati Masters . Serena Williams battles ` super crazy hair ' "  Before all my injuries and illnesses I was No. 2 in the world and Serena was No. 1 , and we were No. 1 in doubles , " the seven-time grand slam winner , now ranked 64th , told reporters . "  We were literally on top of the world until a lot of things came crashing down on us . I 'd like to work my way back . Of course that 's a dream for me . "  I dream of those things . That 's why I 'm here , because I feel like I still have it . It 's one match at a time , pretty much . " Williams ' reward is a quarterfinal match against third seed Sam Stosur , the Australian who beat Serena in an ill-tempered 2011 U.S. Open final to claim her first grand slam title . While Venus is trying to recapture her best form , younger sister Serena is the dominant force in women 's tennis . The world No. 4 won a fifth Wimbledon title last month before returning to Centre Court to destroy Maria Sharapova in the Olympic women 's singles final at London 2012 . The 14-time major winner continued her imperious run of form by battling past a stubborn Urszula Radwanska 6-4 6-3 . After the match , Serena spoke of fondness for the Pole , whose older sister Agnieszka is top seed for the hard-court tournament and reached the last eight with a three-set win over American teenager Sloane Stephens . "  I think they 're both great players , and great sisters , " the 30-year-old said as she continued her quest for a first Cincinnati title . "  I absolutely love seeing another pair of sisters doing so well on the tour . "  Urszula has worked really hard , and me being a younger sister and Urszula being a younger sister too , I 'm always looking for her to do well and I hope she does really well . "  Her game is great . What 's best about her game is she 's like her sister -- she does n't do anything badly . Those are always tough opponents to play . " Serena 's next opponent is German fifth seed Angelique Kerber , who advanced courtesy of a 6-4 7-6  7-5  defeat of Czech qualifier Andrea Hlavackova . Also safely through is 2011 Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova . After picking up her first title of 2012 in Montreal on Monday , the world No. 5 continued her winning run by beating China 's Peng Shuai 6-2 6-2 .	Venus Williams sets sights on No. 1 ranking for the first time in 10 years Williams beat Sara Errani to reach the Cincinnati Masters quarterfinals Younger sister Serena also into the last eight after beating Urszula Radwanska Defending U.S. Open champion Sam Stosur and Czech Petra Kvitova also advance
CNN  French striker Bafetimbi Gomis , who has a history of fainting , said he is now "  feeling well " after collapsing during Swansea 's 3-2 loss at Tottenham in the Premier League on Wednesday . The worrying incident occurred in the first half at White Hart Lane -- after Tottenham scored in the seventh minute -- but the 29-year-old left the pitch conscious following about five minutes of treatment . The Guardian added that he was wearing an oxygen mask . Play was temporarily stopped before resuming . As the match progressed , Swansea tweeted that Gomis was "  fine , " with manager Garry Monk using the same word to describe Gomis ' condition . Gomis spent the night in hospital as a precaution , Swansea said on its website . "  I wanted to reassure you concerning my health , " Gomis told the website . "  It actually looks much scarier than it is physically dangerous , and I am feeling well now . "  I have been under a great deal of stress and fatigue due to my father 's health , which requires me to go back and forth from France . "  I was disappointed that I could n't help my team tonight , but now everything is back in order . I also want to thank everyone for their support and get well messages . " Gomis had similar fainting spells in France , which prompted the president of his former club , Jean-Michel Aulas of Lyon , to tell French television in 2009 : "  We ca n't not be worried , it scares you each time . " Swansea ran tests on Gomis , said Monk , prior to signing him on a free transfer last July . "  He just has a little bit of low blood pressure which causes you a little bit of problems , " Monk said in a televised interview on Sky . "  It 's been part of his life . We were well aware of that when we signed him . He 's done all the hospital checks and all the medical checks you can possibly do and it 's just part of his life . "  It 's no problems whatsoever . It 's not as serious as it looks . " Gomis has scored two league goals for Swansea this season , mostly in a backup role . He became the Welsh side 's top striker when Wilfried Bony signed with Manchester City in January . Almost exactly three years ago at White Hart Lane , then Bolton midfielder Fabrice Muamba collapsed after suffering a cardiac arrest . He was near death , according to Bolton , but survived after being treated at the London Chest Hospital . He subsequently retired . Other footballers , including Cameroon international Marc-Vivien Foe in 2003 and Spanish international Antonio Puerta in 2007 , did n't survive after collapsing on the pitch .	Bafetimbi Gomis collapses within 10 minutes of kickoff at Tottenham But he reportedly left the pitch conscious and wearing an oxygen mask Gomis later said that he was "  feeling well " The incident came three years after Fabrice Muamba collapsed at White Hart Lane
CNN  -- Gareth Bale scored both goals as Tottenham Hotspur bolstered their burgeoning title challenge in the English Premier League with a 2-0 win at Norwich Tuesday night . The comfortable victory lifted Tottenham four points clear of fourth-placed Chelsea in the standings and within seven of Manchester City and Manchester United at the top . Harry Redknapp 's men also have a game in hand over all their nearest rivals and while qualification for next season 's Champions League remains a more realistic expectation , the manner of their win in East Anglia would have again raised even greater hopes among their supporters . The home side have surprised a number of teams on their return to the top-flight but had few sights of goal on their home ground and did not win a corner until deep into the second half . Welshman Bale , who wasted opportunities in the first half , finally found the target in the 55th minute at Carrow Road as Togo striker Emmanuel Adebayor set him up to fire past home goalkeeper John Ruddy . His second displayed his individual brilliance as sent away by Luka Modric , the flying winger outpaced Zak Whitbread before chipping Ruddy for this seventh league goal of the season . More might have followed as Tottenham kept a stranglehold on possession but they will go into their next two fixtures over the seasonal period against Swansea and West Bromwich Albion with great confidence . "  We 've learned a lot from last year being in the Champions League , " man of the match Bale told Sky Sports . He added : "  As long as we are creating chances that 's the main thing . "  We were confident we would get one whoever it fell to and lucky enough it was me . " Earlier Tuesday , Tottenham 's north London rivals Arsenal were held to a frustrating 1-1 draw by 10-man Wolves at the Emirates Stadium . It left Arsene Wenger 's men in fifth place , 12 points behind Manchester City and Manchester United and five adrift of Spurs . Gervinho put Arsenal ahead in the eighth minute after being put through by Israeli international Yossi Benayoun . But Wolves , again battling relegation , leveled just before halftime as Steven Fletcher reacted quickly to head home . In the second half , Arsenal thought they should have had a penalty when Christophe Berra appeared to handball and the visitors were reduced to 10 men when Nenad Milijas was sent off for a foul on Mikel Arteta . With a man advantage , the prolific Robin van Persie was kept out by Wolves keeper Wayne Hennessey , who also saved superbly from Thomas Vermaelen as Wolves held out for a point . "  It is very frustrating , " Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger told AFP . "  You wo n't play many draws like that in a season but sometimes it can happen . " In Tuesday 's other match , promoted clubs Swansea and QPR shared the points in a 1-1 draw at the Liberty Stadium . Swansea took a 14th-minute lead through striker Danny Graham , with QPR appealing for handball . The visitors leveled in the second half when Jamie Mackie latched on to Swansea midfielder Jamie Britton 's misjudged back header and shot under Michel Vorm to score .	Tottenham Hotspur win 2-0 at Norwich in English Premier League Gareth Bale scores both goals as Spurs consolidate third spot Arsenal held 1-1 at the Emirates by struggling Wolves Swansea and Queens Park Rangers share 1-1 draw
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hannah Clark is a 16-year-old with a shy laugh and a love of animals . She likes to go shopping with friends and dreams of a career working with children . Teenager Hannah Clark 's heart has healed itself more than a decade after she received a donor heart . But Hannah Clark is no ordinary teenager and her normal life today could not have been possible without a unique , life-changing heart surgery . In 1994 when she was eight-months-old , Hannah was diagnosed with cardiomyopathy -- an inflammation of the heart muscle that impairs the heart 's ability to work properly . Hannah 's heart was failing and she needed a transplant . But instead of taking her own heart out , doctors added a new donated heart to her own when she was just two-years-old . The so-called "  piggyback " operation allowed the donor heart to do the work while Hannah 's heart rested . But Hannah was not in the clear yet . As with any organ transplant , Hannah 's body was likely to reject her new heart and she had to take powerful immune suppression drugs . Those drugs allowed her body to accept the donor heart but also led to cancer and yet another medical battle for Hannah that lasted for years . Nearly 11 years after receiving the extra heart , there was more bad news : The immuno-suppression drugs were no longer working . Hannah 's body was rejecting the donor heart . In February 2006 , her doctors tried something that had never been done before : They took out the donor heart . Doctors theorized that the donor heart had allowed Hannah 's heart to rest , recover and grow back stronger . Now for the first time Hannah 's father , Paul Clark , describes the agonizing decision the family had to make at the time : "  If she 'd never had it done , she would n't be here . Watch a report about Hannah 's amazing recovery " "  In the very beginning it was a 50/50 chance she was n't going to make the operation . But in the next one it was even greater because it had never been done before . But we had to take that risk , " he told CNN . The doctors were right . Three years later , Hannah has no need for any drugs and has been given a clean bill of health . The operation was a success . "  It means everything to me , " Hannah told CNN after the pioneering operation . "  I thought I 'd still have problems when I had this operation done . I thought after the heart had been removed I thought I 'd have to visit hospitals . But now I 'm just free , " she said , smiling . Dr. Magdi Yacoub performed Hannah 's original transplant and came out of retirement to perform the second . "  The possibility of recovery of the heart is just like magic . " Dr. Yacoub said at a media conference . " -LSB- We had -RSB- a heart which was not contracting at all at the time . We put the new heart to be pumping next to it and take its work , now -LSB- it -RSB- is functioning normally . " The findings have been published in the British medical journal , the Lancet . Hannah 's amazing recovery would not have been possible without a donor . Both Hannah 's doctors and her family made an appeal for more people to consider organ donation . "  When it happens to someone close to you or yourself , you do n't realize until then how important it is to be a donor and not to be selfish like , I need that part . You do n't need that part . Give it to somebody else that needs it , " said Clark . "  It just proves that if you can , be a donor . This can happen . " Dr. Yacoub now advocates "  presumed consent " -- a policy by which anyone can be considered an organ donor unless they specifically request to opt out . "  All you are asking is please make up your own mind . Do you or do you not want to be a donor ? My own family , my kids , everybody wants to be a donor . But if you do n't , then say so , " he said . "  Just please tell us what you want to do . So , presumed consent is a good thing . " Hannah has made a full recovery and looks forward to doing what many teenagers do during the summer holidays : Work at a summer job . Her family jokes that it 's difficult to keep her from racing out the door now that she has so much energy . For Hannah , it took the strength of two to help heal a broken heart , something she could have never done alone .	Hannah Clark suffered from a rare heart condition when she was a baby Doctors added a donor heart to her own in a unique surgery when she was two Doctors later removed donor heart and found her own heart had healed itself Hannah is now a healthy 16-year-old with normal teenage aspirations
CNN  -- Venus Williams ' latest tennis outfit -- a revealing black-lace corset dress with bright red straps -- has caused controversy since she wore it for her first round match at the French Open . But this is not the first time the wardrobe choices of Venus and her younger sister Serena have come under the spotlight . Ever since the pair appeared on the WTA Tour in the 1990 's -- complete with multi-colored braided hair -- they have been setting , and sometimes destroying , trends with their extroverted dress sense . From Serena 's denim skirt and boot combo to Venus 's designer dresses , there is n't much that the sisters have not tried to wear on the court . However , not all their outfits have been popular with the critics , least of all Venus 's lace number and the skin-colored shorts that she wears underneath , which has caused quite a stir in Paris . Whatever you think of their fashion there is no doubt the Williams sisters eye-catching ensembles bring some much needed glamor to the women 's game . CNN takes a look back at the best and worst of the sisters ' fashions over the years .	CNN looks at the fashion highs and lows of the Williams sisters Venus Williams ' latest tennis outfit has caused controversy since she wore it for her first round match at the French Open Venus wears a revealing black-lace corset dress with bright red straps and skin-colored shorts underneath Not the first time the wardrobe choices of Venus and Serena have come under the spotlight
Tribune Media Services  -- Mary Blilie had been at Big Sky Resort in Montana for just one day but had already snapped more photos of her kids than she had in a long time . Three minutes is considered a long lift line , Big Sky and Moonlight Basin fans say . That 's because when Blilie , now a Minneapolis engineer , was a kid her family skied here every winter , and after a 17-year hiatus , she was determined to create some of those same happy memories for her own two children , as well as her nieces and nephews who , along with their parents , had come along for the trip down memory lane . The resort might boast new lifts and base village buildings this season , but Blilie says that low-key vibe remains . "  No one gets too bothered about anything , " she explains . And the skiing could n't be better -- some 400 inches of snow a year . Big Sky  www.bigskyresort.com  and neighboring Moonlight Basin  www.moonlightbasin.com  , in fact , boast the "  biggest skiing in America " -- 5,512 acres with the Big Sky Resort-Moonlight Basin Interconnect that joins the two adjacent ski areas with terrain that 's guaranteed to satisfy every skier and snowboarder in your family , whether they want the steeps and deeps  like my kids  ; long , pristine groomers where , even on busy days , you might not see another soul  my pick  ; or wide , gentle runs ideal for beginners . "  My son does n't want to leave , " said Sandy Itkoff , of Los Angeles , who was a guest at Moonlight Basin . Whatever your age , you ca n't help but be impressed by the sheer beauty of the place -- the huge rugged mountains , the snow covered trees , the vistas that seem to go on forever . If not for all the fresh powder , Moonlight ski instructor Jim Ackerman tells me we 'd see all kinds of animal tracks leading into the woods . Three minutes is considered a long lift line , Big Sky and Moonlight Basin fans say , and the kids ' ski schools guarantee small classes . The new Dakota lift expected to open this month at Big Sky will provide easy access to even more terrain . Another plus : Parents not only do n't worry about aggressive skiers and boarders running into little ones on crowded slopes , but marvel at how friendly everyone is . Grandmother Ellen Lord noted that when all of the family 's luggage got lost , Big Sky employees scrambled to find them all some clothes . The free apres-ski kids club at Big Sky gets thumbs up from parents too , enabling them to get a guilt-free break . Skiing here can be a good deal too , parents say , with kids 10 and under skiing free and adult lifts at Moonlight Basin  $ 51 a day  and Big Sky  $ 75  less than at many other major resorts .  Consider that a daily ticket at Aspen this season is $ 87  Junior tickets for tweens and teens are less as well . And there 's no pressure to dress to the nines on the slopes or off , adds Cecile George , winding up a ski week with her husband and kids . "  I 've been wearing the same pair of jeans all week and no one cares ! " says the Memphis mom . "  We 're never going back to Vail . " Consider that Big Sky and Moonlight Basin -- about an hour 's drive from Bozeman  and an hour 's drive from Yellowstone National Park  -- have more terrain than Vail but less than half the skiers . Locals joke that they 've got nearly twice as many acres than skiers because Montanans like their elbow room . That 's why on one of the busiest weeks of the year , I was able to ski down runs so empty I felt I was in the back country , especially with all of the fresh powder .  There are opportunities to try back-country skiing or ice climbing as well here with Montana Alpine Guides  www.montanaalpineguides.com  . "  It takes an extra flight to get here , but it 's so worth it , " says Jim Caccavo , a Californian from San Diego whose wife and kids like Moonlight Basin so much they bought a second home here . "  This place is like a secret club , " jokes Jeremy Collis , the New Zealander who is the director of Moonlight Basin 's small  just 47 instructors  ski school . And that 's double the size it was last year . Still , that enables Collis to keep his classes to five kids  or fewer  for grade-schoolers and three or fewer for preschoolers . Anyone who has ever checked a child in at a major ski resort over a holiday week knows how rare that is . Next door , Christine Baker , who oversees Big Sky 's children 's program , also promises small classes and something even more important to parents . "  A family feeling . She grew up skiing at Big Sky -- as did a half-dozen of her instructors . "  It 's nice to have that connection , " she says . "  It 's pretty special . " It 's also pretty quiet . There are only a few restaurants in the Big Sky base area and just one at Moonlight Basin : Others require a 15-minute drive or longer . For the most part , this is the kind of place where you want to ski hard , cozy up in front of a fire with your honey and your kids , eat spaghetti , watch the movies you never had time to see at home or play Scrabble . That 's what we did -- first at our ski-in/ski out log cabin in Big Sky  having our own hot tub was the best part  and then at a ski house at Moonlight Basin . "  This takes the experience back to an old-fashioned ski vacation when you made your own fun , " observes Collis , himself the father of two young children . My daughters and I managed to rouse ourselves one afternoon after skiing at Moonlight Basin to go to the spa and one night to take a Sno-Cat ride two miles into the back country in the dark for an excellent dinner  tenderloin and mashed potatoes followed by chocolate fondue  in a big , heated yurt , courtesy of Moonlight Dinners . The kids sledded outside between courses  www.skimba.com  . One afternoon , we left the kids to test their mettle on the resort 's most challenging terrain and we leisurely skied back to our cabin door . By the time we got there , the kids were back and had a fire blazing in the fireplace . The hot tub on our back deck beckoned . We soaked , surrounded by snow and evergreens . There was n't a person in sight . We had no place to rush off to -- no homework , no work , no friends waiting , limited Internet access , no phone calls . There 's a lot to be said for old-fashioned ski vacations .  For more Taking the Kids , visit www.takingthekids.com , where Eileen Ogintz welcomes your questions and comments . COPYRIGHT 2007 EILEEN OGINTZ , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. . E-mail to a friend	Big Sky Resort in Montana gets some 400 inches of snow a year Kids 10 and under ski for free ; ski school classes are small There are only a few restaurants in the area , so cozy up in your cabin
CNN  -- U.S. Open tennis champion Andy Murray has condemned the handling of the Operation Puerto doping trial by the Spanish authorities , accusing them of the "  biggest cover up in sports history . " A criminal trial in Spain concluded Tuesday with sports doctor Eufemiano Fuentes given a one-year jail term for supplying cyclists with blood transfusions to boost their performance . But the judge hearing the case , Julia Patricia Santamaria , ordered that over 200 bags of blood and plasma seized from Fuentes , be destroyed , pending any appeals . Murray , an outspoken critic of doping , used his Twitter blog to express his frustration . "  Puerto case is beyond a joke ... biggest cover up in sports history ? , " he tweeted "  Why would court order blood bags to be destroyed ? #coverup . " During his trial , Fuentes gave evidence that he had clients from other sports , including tennis , football , boxing and athletics , but did not identify them . At the time of his arrest and the raids on his premises in 2006 , doping was not a criminal offense in Spain , but he was found guilty of endangering public health . He was also barred from practicing as a sports doctor for four years , but under the Spanish legal system his jail term will be suspended . The World Anti Doping Agency  WADA  also expressed its disagreement with the court decision Wednesday . "  The decision to order the destruction of all the blood bags is particularly disappointing and unsatisfactory for WADA , and the whole anti-doping community , " it said in a statement . "  Access to this evidence motivated WADA 's involvement in this case . This would ensure appropriate sports sanction processes against the cheats who used Dr Fuentes ' services . " WADA said it was reviewing its next course of action in conjunction with the Spanish National Anti-Doping Organization  AEA  . The deadline to appeal the court decision is May 17 The International Olympic Committee signaled its frustration with the court ruling Wednesday . "  It 's unfortunate that the evidence used in this proceeding is not now being made available to anti-doping organizations to further the fight against doping , " it said in a statement . British No. 1 Murray went public in February with his demand for more blood testing in tennis , saying it needed to do everything it could "  to ensure that everyone competing at the highest level and below is clean . " He was joined by fellow grand slam winners Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal in demanding stricter tests and in March the International Tennis Federation announced it would be introducing a Biological Passport program - a more stringent control against doping .	Andy Murray condemns outcome of Operation Puerto doping trial U.S. Open tennis champion calls it "  biggest cover up in sports history " on Twitter IOC and WADA also express their disappointment at ruling by Spanish judge 200 bags of blood and plasma prepared for drugs cheats set to be destroyed
CNN  -- The third installment of our Going Green series looks at cutting-edge ideas from around the globe . Once again , Philippe Cousteau brings his expertise to CNN reporting on sea turtle conservation on the east coast of the United States . The declining population can be traced in part to man-made problems like the fishing industry and pollution . However , a major problem is the destruction of sea turtle nesting grounds by development and coastal erosion . New study maps sea turtle danger zones Cousteau takes a helicopter ride above the coast of South Carolina to view the turtles ' declining habitat from the sky before getting an up-close view of their most protected nesting grounds . He also visits the nearby Sea Turtle Hospital to see for himself the negative effects of human interaction on adult sea turtles and how biologists are nursing injured turtles back to health before returning them to the ocean . U.S. beefs up conservation efforts of endangered sea turtles The half-hour special will also be showcasing some of the ideas and people impacting the green movement , including a record-breaking solar boat in Hong Kong and a South Korean steel plant which is forging a greener path . Show times : Saturday October 8 : 13:00 & 20:00 Sunday October 9 : 09:00 Tuesday October 11 : 09:30 & 17:30 All times GMT	Going Green returns to look at cutting edge green projects happening all over the world From solar boats in Hong Kong and South Korean steel plants to "  upcycling " in the United States Host Philippe Cousteau examines plight of loggerhead sea turtles off South Carolina coast
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Imagine collecting thousands of empty plastic bottles , lashing them together to make a boat and sailing the thing from California to Australia , a journey of 11,000 miles  17,700 km  through treacherous seas . This 60-foot sailboat , the Plastiki , is being built from more than 12,000 recycled plastic bottles . You 'd have to be crazy , or trying to make a point . David de Rothschild is trying to make a point . De Rothschild hopes his one-of-a-kind vessel , now being built on a San Francisco pier , will boost recycling of plastic bottles , which he says are a symbol of global waste . Except for the masts , which are metal , everything on the 60-foot catamaran is made from recycled plastic . "  It 's all sail power , " he said . "  The idea is to put no kind of pollution back into the atmosphere , or into our oceans for that matter , so everything on the boat will be composted . Everything will be recycled . Even the vessel is going to end up being recycled when we finish . " De Rothschild 's vessel , scheduled to set sail from San Francisco in April , is called the Plastiki . Its name is an homage of sorts to Thor Heyerdahl , the fabled Norwegian explorer who in 1947 sailed 4,300 miles across the Pacific on the Kon-Tiki , a raft made from balsa wood . De Rothschild is something of an adventurer himself . The scion of a wealthy British banking family , he is one of only several dozen people to traverse both the Arctic and Antarctic ice caps . In 2005 he founded Adventure Ecology , an organization that uses field expeditions to call attention to environmental issues . Watch how the boat is constructed " Joining him on the Plastiki will be a permanent crew of three sailors and scientists plus a handful of other crew members who will rotate through the voyage . The Plastiki is expected to stop in Hawaii , Tuvalu and Fiji on its way to Sydney , a trip estimated to take more than 100 days . The plastic sailboat is taking shape in an old pier building not far from this city 's famous Fisherman 's Wharf . Here , thousands of two-liter soda bottles are being stripped of their labels , washed , filled with dry-ice powder and then resealed . The dry ice sublimates into carbon dioxide gas and pressurizes the bottle , making it rigid . The vessel 's twin hulls will be filled with 12,000 to 16,000 bottles . Skin-like panels made from recycled PET , a woven plastic fabric , will cover the hulls and a watertight cabin , which sleeps four . "  This actually is the same material that is made out of bottles , " said de Rothschild of the PET fabric . "  We actually wrap the PET fabric over the PET foam and then basically put it under a vacuum , heat it , press it and create these long PET panels . So that means the boat is , technically , one giant bottle . " Two wind turbines and an array of solar panels will charge a bank of 12-volt batteries , which will power several onboard laptop computers , a GPS and SAT phone . Only about 10 percent of the Plastiki will be made from new materials , de Rothschild said . He declined to reveal how much it 's costing him to build the boat . "  We could potentially put together a boat that costs a fraction of what normal conventional boats are made of , " he said . "  The idea is to take the Plastiki , break it down -LSB- after the voyage -RSB- , and put it back into the system . So , it may come out being a jacket , a bag , more bottles . It 's infinitely recyclable . " The ultimate goal of the Plastiki voyage is not just to encourage people to embrace clean , renewable energy but also to see consumer waste as a potential resource . That 's what this is all about -- showcasing cradle-to-cradle products rather than cradle-to-grave , " de Rothschild said . Whether the Plastiki will successfully complete its unique journey remains to be seen . But to conservationists concerned about the amount of energy required to manufacture and distribute plastic bottles , its symbolic message is a welcome one . "  Anything that gets in the news and makes people stop and think about plastic can be very helpful , " said Betty McLaughlin , executive director of the Container Recycling Institute . "  But it strikes me as a long way to go . I flew from Los Angeles to Australia once , and it took forever . This trip strikes me as kind of dangerous . "	An adventurer is building a sailboat out of thousands of recycled plastic soda bottles He plans to sail it this spring from California to Australia , a journey of 11,000 miles Expedition leader is David de Rothschild , scion of a wealthy British banking family Boat , the Plastiki , will be a symbol of how consumer waste can be repurposed
CNN  This time , it 's official : Russia expects North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations . North Korean representatives have confirmed that Kim will be in the Russian capital for May 9 Victory Day celebrations , Russian presidential aide Yuri Ushakov said Wednesday , according to Russian state-run news agency Tass . This would mark Kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea in late 2011 . Kim will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit , Tass reported . Kim 's trip has been anticipated since late December , when Russian state media reported that Moscow had extended an invitation to Pyongyang . Last month , a Russian official speaking on condition of anonymity told CNN that the invitation was accepted . But Wednesday 's Tass report is the first public confirmation attached to a named official . This year 's Victory Day marks the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union 's victory over Nazi Germany in World War II . Russia has said it has invited more than 60 world leaders to the celebrations . Kim expected to visit Moscow as North Korea , Russia foster warmer relations CNN 's Madison Park and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	A Russian presidential aide says Kim will be in Moscow for May 9 Victory Day celebrations , news agency reports This Victory Day marks the 70 years since the Soviet victory over Germany in World War II
Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky resoundingly won the straw poll at this year 's Conservative Political Action Conference , cementing his status as among the favorites to capture the next Republican presidential nomination . Paul captured 31 % of the vote in the survey of CPAC attendees as to whom they would pick for president . It is the second straight such win for the Kentucky senator , who is the son of libertarian icon and former Rep. Ron Paul . The next closest contender was Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas with 11 % . The top six was rounded out by neurosurgeon turned conservative firebrand Ben Carson , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania .	Sen. Rand Paul gets 31 % of the vote among presidential contenders at the CPAC event It is his second straight such win The next closest contender is Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , with 11 %
CNN  The maker of a controversial documentary about rape in India , Leslee Udwin , told CNN she is shocked by the Indian authorities ' move to ban the film without even having seen it . The storm over "  India 's Daughter " blew up out of nowhere and is "  based on nothing , " Udwin said , in an interview for CNN 's "  The World Right Now with Hala Gorani . " "  The tragedy here is it 's a missed opportunity for India to actually show by embracing the film ... to show the world that India is as concerned as the rest of the world is to put gender inequality on the agenda , " she said . The BBC documentary featured an interview with one of the men convicted in an infamous 2012 gang rape case in New Delhi that sparked massive outrage and protests in India . An Indian court restricted the publication and airing of the film in India as well as the dissemination of excerpts from it after comments by Mukesh Singh , the interviewed convict , were released in several media outlets . Singh appeared to show no remorse and blamed the rape victim for being out at night , according to the documentary . The government has also asked Google to remove excerpts of the film from video sharing site YouTube . A Google India spokeswoman , Paroma Roy Chowdhury , said it would comply on the Indian YouTube site , "  as we are required to do so by the local law . " A statement from the company read : "  While we believe that access to information is the foundation of a free society , and that services like YouTube help people express themselves and share different points of view , we continue to remove content that is illegal or violates our community guidelines , once notified . " Udwin told CNN the restrictions appear to have been motivated by fear of "  public disorder . " "  I presume they mean protests , " she said . It was , in fact , the street protests , not the brutality of the crime , that first inspired Udwin to make the film . But Udwin , who spent 16 hours interviewing Singh in prison over the course of three days , said the experience was chilling . "  He told me everything that happened that night , he told me everything about his attitudes towards society , women , hanging , all sorts ... He blamed her -- the society blames girls , the society itself , " she said . "  Look here 's the thing : All this hysteria ... people must understand these men are products of a learned attitude . They are programmed , they are brainwashed . The society itself tells girls to stay indoors after dark . " Udwin said she had done everything she could to elicit a human response from Singh . She even had a list of the girl 's horrific rape-inflicted injuries , from which she died , read to him in Hindi while she recorded his face . "  There were a few twitches but there was no remorse , there was no emotion , I do n't think he is capable of emotion , " she said . Singh , who was driving the bus on which the girl was attacked while traveling home from the movies with a male friend , is now on death row and has filed an appeal . But all Singh says about how he , and the other men convicted over the rape , have been treated is to ask why such a fuss is being made about them when "  everybody 's doing it , " Udwin said . At the heart of the matter , she said , is the issue of gender inequality . From birth , boys in India and many other countries are accorded a higher status than girls , so it 's unsurprising that they go on to treat women as lesser beings . She compares gender inequality to a cancerous tumor that shows its spread through offenses against women . The dead girl 's father , who is also interviewed in the film , explained that in order to send his daughter to medical college , he sold a piece of ancestral land -- a big deal in India , Udwin said . "  When he did that , his whole family was in revolt , " said Udwin . "  They said , ` Why are you selling it to educate a girl ? ' "  Now that is a comment that is in the documentary , uttered by the father . Why is nobody saying to me , ` How dare you put that comment in the documentary ' ? " In a statement , India 's home minister said the documentary crew violated the conditions granting the jail interview , which stipulated that the authorities be shown all unedited footage . But Udwin strongly rejected that claim . "  It would appear that the home minister has been utterly misinformed , " she said . "  The permissions to interview this man were absolutely cast iron and all of the conditions imposed by them were obeyed by me and my team . " Udwin also speaks out for the "  massive swaths of Indian people who are so forward looking , who are so embracing of change and are agents of that change . "  There are extraordinary women 's groups who have been working for generations towards this change . Those protests were so admirable -- that 's what took me out there . " And she stresses that the issues of gender inequality and sexual violence against women are not confined to India . The film ends with a series of statistics on sexual violence from other countries , she said , including the United States and United Kingdom . This means that "  no viewer is is left off the hook at the end of the film in terms of thinking , ` This is something that happens to people over there . ' This happens to us , to every country , " Udwin said . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Documentary maker Leslee Udwin says she 's shocked by Indian authorities ' ban on showing her film She says the ban is a "  missed opportunity " for India to show it cares about equality for women Udwin says the root of the problem of sexual violence in India and elsewhere is gender inequality
CNN  -- A search has been launched for a 50-year-old convicted rapist and suspect in the killings of six people whose bodies were found in and around a house in Cleveland , Ohio , police said Friday . The incident began unfolding a month ago , when a woman accused Anthony Sowell of rape and felonious assault , Cleveland Police spokesman Lt. Thomas Stacho told CNN . "  Once we were able to get the cooperation of the victim , we secured an arrest warrant for Mr. Sowell and subsequently a search warrant for his premises , " Stacho said . On Thursday , detectives from the department 's sex-crimes unit and members of its SWAT team went to Sowell 's home to execute the warrant and to arrest the suspect , but he was nowhere to be found , Stacho said . What they did find were the badly decomposed remains of two bodies on the third floor of the house , which is owned by an elderly relative of Sowell who did not live there , Stacho said . A subsequent search on Thursday revealed what appeared to be a freshly dug grave under the stairs in the basement , he said . On Friday , investigators returned to the house , dug up the grave and found a third body , he said . A further search of the house and property found two more bodies in a crawl space and a sixth body was found in a shallow grave outside the home , Stacho said . Read local coverage on CNN affiliate WJW None of the bodies has been identified , and the genders of only two -- those found on the third floor -- have been determined , he said . Both were female . "  He apparently is a serial rapist , " Stacho said about Sowell , who he said makes his living as a "  scrapper . " "  He walks around and picks up scrap metal and takes it to junk yards to make a few pennies . " Sowell was convicted for a 1989 rape for which he was imprisoned from 1990 to 2005 , Stacho said . Authorities plan to continue their search of the house on Saturday .	Search launched for a convicted rapist , 50 ; he 's suspect in six slayings Bodies of six people found in and around a house in Cleveland , Ohio None of the bodies has been identified ; search of house to continue Saturday
CNN  The passing of Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah Bin Abdul-Aziz may not have come as a surprise -- his health had deteriorated in recent years -- but until the very end , the monarch was determined to leave an indelible imprint on the throne by articulating and implementing a clear vision for the country . Abdullah also seemed to possess the political acumen necessary to adjust to the changing needs and increased political awareness of the Saudi populace , as well as to the shifting political realities in the Middle East and elsewhere . Abdullah did n't officially ascend until 2005 , but he had been the de facto king since 1995 , when his predecessor and half-brother Fahd 's health started failing . It was Abdullah who had to steady the ship during the tumultuous aftermath of the September 11 attacks on the United States and subsequent terrorist attacks inside the kingdom in 2003 and 2004 . The specter of terrorism not only forced some to question the foundation of Saudi Arabia 's "  special " relationship with the US , but also posed a serious threat to the stability of the regime by challenging its Islamic bona fides on which its entire claim to legitimacy rests . Although it was the late Interior Minister Naif Bin Abdulaziz and his successor who devised the kingdom 's multi-pronged counter-terrorism strategy -- part security operation , part public awareness campaign -- that largely contained the threat from al Qaeda , Abdullah 's resoluteness and assurances to Saudis and the international community should not be underestimated . Many might remember Abdullah for his foreign policy initiatives , including his plan for comprehensive peace between Israel and its Arab neighbors -- adopted first by the Arab League in 2002 and then again 2007 -- or his efforts to foster interfaith understanding by sponsoring international forums aimed at bringing together followers of various religions to stress their shared values , as his meeting with Pope Benedict in 2009 illustrated . But many Saudis are likely to think of him as the king who tried to dispel any lingering doubts about the validity of the narrative around which the state was founded : The idea of a Saudi "  nation " and its concomitant notion of a unifying Saudi identity . Abdullah convinced many Saudis that they are not merely passive observers but rather stakeholders in a still-ongoing nation-building endeavor . Although he sometimes used the stern tenor of an avuncular patriarch -- as he did when he encouraged Saudis not to become their own worst enemy by questioning each other 's loyalties -- the frank tone he often used in his speeches ushered in a new era , where Saudis of all walks of life felt more open to speak about not only what they considered to be the main impediments hindering the kingdom 's development , but also some of the obstacles standing in the way of their own self-fulfilment . Many in the Saudi media and burgeoning Saudi civil society , following the king 's lead , felt emboldened to write and speak about subjects that were once considered off-limits , including extremism among some clerics , government corruption , the role of women , child and spousal abuse , and the soundness of the educational curriculum . That is not to say that red lines do not remain and that some have not crossed them and paid a price . The imprisonment of some outspoken advocates of reform in 2014 brought Saudi Arabia intense scrutiny from human rights organizations and the Western media . Those who apparently stepped over the red lines included long-time activists as well as two young women with large followings on social media who tried to cross the Saudi border while driving . The case of young blogger , Raif Badawi , who was accused of insulting the religious establishment garnered special attention , as his sentence included weekly public flogging . These cases prompted some to question whether the Saudi government was serious about reforms . Abdullah 's establishment of periodic "  National Dialogs " allowed some leading Saudis to have these important debates openly . While criticized by some as mere photo ops , these meetings brought together Saudis from different ends of the political and religious spectrum -- including some leading Sunni and Shia clerics -- who would not have had the opportunity to meet face to face in such a public fashion . Abdullah also expanded the membership of the consultative Shura Council , which now includes 30 women . Just as importantly , it was under his reign that thousands of Saudis experienced their first taste of democratic politics when they participated in nation-wide elections for municipal councils in 2005 . The fact that many Saudis took their children and even grandchildren with them to the polling booths indicates the symbolic importance of this exercise . In 2011 , Abdullah took a calculated risk by declaring that women will be eligible to participate and run in the next round of elections in 2015 . Much like his pet project , the King Abdullah University for Science and Technology -- a coeducational graduate level institution aimed at preparing Saudis to compete in the global economy -- Abdullah 's initiatives to empower Saudi women roiled conservative elements , who continue to view any change as inherently destructive . But one of the keys to the longevity of Al Saud has been their ability to balance the competing and conflicting interests of the various segments of Saudi society and to reach a general consensus . King Abdullah 's reign however , was not controversy-free . The Saudi military 's struggles against the vastly under-equipped Houthi rebels of northern Yemen in 2009 compelled some to question the preparedness of the army despite the billions of dollars spent on high tech weaponry and extensive training . The kingdom 's dispatch of troops to neighboring Bahrain in 2011 to help quell months of unrest in the tiny monarchy was criticized by Bahrain 's Shia majority -- not to mention Iran -- and also raised eyebrows in the international community . Intermittent clashes between Saudi security forces and the Shia majority in the kingdom 's eastern province also created a sense of unease among some who considered the unrest a harbinger of the Arab Spring 's arrival to the kingdom . Along the same lines , and although widely hailed in the West as a positive move , Saudi Arabia 's participation in the U.S.-led airstrikes against ISIS strongholds in Syria was not risk-free and seems to have only intensified the terror group 's animosity for the Saudi government and leadership . The Saudis have apparently also agreed to train "  moderate " Syrian fighters on Saudi soil -- an uncharacteristically forceful and public intensification of its involvement in the Syrian crisis . Despite what some considered his "  weak " familial ties within the royal family , Abdullah 's popularity among Saudis seemed to have been rooted in his realization that the monarch 's most important base of support going forward must be the Saudi populace at large . It is noteworthy that even some of the Saudi government 's harshest critics both inside and outside the kingdom seldom blamed Abdullah personally for what they considered to be the kingdom 's shortcomings . Although some maintain that the persona of the wise yet humble patriarch was carefully constructed , Abdullah 's affable demeanor and seemingly genuine concern for the well-being of average Saudis endeared him to many . Most Saudis will remember him fondly . As for the new king , Salman , it is instructive to remember that some in the international community also expressed trepidation about King Abdullah before he ascended the throne . He was perceived by some as more conservative and less pro-Western than his predecessor , Fahd . Some thought that these leanings would manifest themselves in a more "  pan-Arab " stance and a less amenable posture towards the West , and especially the US . Those fears were largely unfounded . While there is little doubt that the Syrian crisis , the aftermath of the Arab Spring and nuclear negotiations with Iran have created what seemed at times to be a serious rift in Saudi-U.S. relations , it is highly debatable that it was King Abdullah alone whose views on these issues differed from those of the U.S. . These still-unresolved crises and impasses will likely continue to be sticking points under King Salman . King Salman will likely shuffle some top government positions around , and his style might be a little different than Abdullah 's . At some point , he will likely try to put his own stamp on the throne . That , however , is not likely to be by changing the nature of Saudi-U.S. relations in any fundamental way . Some have argued that the secret to the longevity of the Saudi royal family is its careful attention to three constants : Islam , oil and its relations with the U.S. Salman is not likely to lose sight of that . Under Salman , bilateral relations with the U.S. will likely continue to be "  special . "	Until his passing , King Abdullah remained committed to articulating and implementing a clear vision for Saudi Arabia Many remember the monarch for his foreign policy initiatives , including his plan for comprehensive peace between Israel and its Arab neighbors King allowed Saudis to follow his lead and speak with greater freedom about a range of issues
CNN  A sweet treat has turned potentially deadly for dozens of people in multiple states . At least seven people have died after eating caramel apples that may have been infected with Listeria monocytogenes . Some 32 people have become infected with the deadly bacterium in 11 states , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Of those people who got sick 31 were hospitalized and seven deaths have been reported . A press release from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says that "  listeriosis contributed to at least three of these deaths . " The Public Health Agency of Canada has also identified two cases of listeriosis in Canada and the samples show the same DNA fingerprints as the American cases . Listeria What you need to know Of the people who have gotten sick , 10 were pregnant . Pregnant women are 10 times more likely to get listeriosis after eating infected food . Of the rest of the cases , three were children who were otherwise healthy , the CDC said . Symptoms of listeriosis infection include muscle aches , headache , stiff neck , confusion , loss of balance , fever and convulsions . Typically , symptoms begin three to 70 days after eating the tainted food . To date 23 of the 26 people who were interviewed about their illnesses remembered eating commercially produced , prepackaged caramel apples before they got sick . Most of the people who got sick with this outbreak saw the doctor in late October and November . Investigators are still trying to determine all the contributing factors in the case . To date caramel apple brands named in interviews include Happy Apple , Carnival and Merb 's Candies . Investigators are also looking at other companies for the source of the contamination . In the meantime , the CDC is warning consumers who may have bought caramel apples with toppings like nuts , chocolate or sprinkles not to eat them , at least not until investigators figure out the source of the contamination . Three companies -- Happy Apple Company of Washington , Missouri ; California Snack Foods , of El Monte , California ; and Merb 's Candies of St. Louis , Missouri -- have issued voluntary recalls of their caramel apples . The companies have used apples from Bidart Bros. . The FDA traced the distribution of the apples eaten by eight people who got sick in the outbreak . Bidart Bros. is the only apple grower that supplied both Happy Apple Company and Merb 's Candies . On December 22 , Bidart Bros. recalled Granny Smith apples it sold in 2014 to caramel apple companies . Lab results for Listeria monocytogenes done in a joint inspection of the firm by the FDA and the California Department of Public Health turned up positive . Lab tests are ongoing . On January 6 , Bidart Bros. expanded its voluntary recall to include Gala apples shipped from the company 's Shafter , California , packing facility in 2014 . There are about 1,600 cases of listeriosis reported in the United States every year . This kind of infection kills about 260 people annually , according to the CDC .	7 people have died after eating caramel apples possibly infected with listeria 32 people have become infected in 11 states ; listeriosis is on the CDC notifiable diseases list Adults with compromised immune systems , older adults , pregnant women , and infants are most vulnerable
CNN  -- The family of Thomas Eric Duncan , a Liberian national who died of Ebola at a Texas hospital , has reached a confidential settlement with Texas Health Resources , according to family attorney Les Weisbrod . In September , Duncan traveled to Texas from Liberia and began experiencing Ebola symptoms which prompted him to go to the emergency room at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas . He was misdiagnosed and sent home , both the Duncan family and Texas health authorities have said . Duncan was hospitalized days later , tested for Ebola and then began receiving care . Part of the settlement , Weisbrod said , entailed honoring Duncan 's memory with the creation of a memorial fund intended to raise money that will go to help victims of Ebola in West Africa where the virus has hit communities the hardest . "  We know that this has been a terribly sad , difficult and trying time for Mr. Duncan 's family and friends , and they will continue to be in the hearts and prayers of the entire Texas Health Presbyterian family , " the hospital said in a statement about the settlement . The Texas Health Dallas Thomas Eric Duncan Memorial Fund , which Weisbrod said would be described in detail later , will be run by a Duncan family member and Texas Health Resources , according to the lawyer . Josephus Weeks , Duncan 's nephew , will be helping to oversee the fund , he and Weisbrod told reporters at a press conference at the attorney 's Dallas office . The attorney also said that the Duncan family received a private letter of apology from Texas Health Resources . "  As part of the healing process , we have again extended our sincere apologies to the family and shared our regret that the diagnosis of Ebola Virus Disease was not made at the time of Mr. Duncan 's initial Emergency Department visit , " the hospital statement said . Weeks praised Texas Health officials for trying to make "  this situation a better situation . " "  We lost one but we can save a thousand , " Weeks said , referring to people he hoped the foundation would be able to assist . There have been 13,268 reported Ebola cases in eight affected countries since the Ebola outbreak began , with 4,960 reported deaths , according to the World Health Organization . The vast majority of these cases have been in three West African countries -- Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . Duncan is the only known patient out of nine who has been treated in the United States to die of the virus in the U.S.	NEW : Hospital recognizes "  trying time " for Duncan 's family Family and Texas Health Resources ' settlement terms are confidential , attorney says Texas Health and a Duncan family member will work on a memorial fund Fund will help assist Ebola sufferers in West Africa , attorney says
Rome  CNN  -- Italy 's former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said Saturday he would run again as his country 's leader , signaling a return to the limelight for the nation 's most flamboyant politician . The billionaire resigned as prime minister just over a year ago at the height of his country 's debt crisis , bringing to an end an 18-year era in which he dominated Italian politics . Profile : Italy 's most colorful political figure Since then , Italy has been run by an unelected , technocratic government headed by economist Mario Monti . Monti plans to step down after passage of a national budget and stability measures , Italian President Giorgio Napolitano said in a statement Saturday after meeting with Monti . "  The prime minister does n't consider it possible to further carry out its mandate and thus he expressed his intention to resign , " it read . The statement referenced comments made this week by the secretary of Berlusconi 's party , who said that the party considers "  Monti 's experience concluded . " If Monti resigns before the new year , elections could be held as early as next February , a few months earlier than the natural end of the legislature . In a message posted on his website and Facebook page , Berlusconi said : "  I 'm besieged by my people that are requesting that I get back in the battlefield leading the People of Freedom , PDL party . " He said the center-right coalition had searched for a new leader , but there was no one to replace him . "  I return to politics with despair and out of a sense of responsibility , " he said . But , he added , "  I enter the race to win . " When he resigned in November 2011 , Berlusconi said he did not intend to run for office when elections were held again . But the 76-year-old 's intention to return to frontline politics has been rumored in the months since . In October , a Milan court sentenced Berlusconi to four years in prison for tax evasion . However , under the Italian legal system , he and his fellow defendants have the right to appeal their sentence twice , in the appeals court and a higher court . Also , because the case dates to July 2006 , the statute of limitations will expire next year , meaning there is a good chance none of the defendants will serve any prison time . Through the years , Berlusconi has been accused of embezzlement , fraud and bribery , but the tax evasion case marked the first time he had been convicted of an offense . Berlusconi also faces trial on charges that he hired an underage prostitute and later tried to pull strings to get her out of jail when she was accused of theft . The woman involved in the long-running case is Moroccan dancer Karima el Mahroug , nicknamed "  Ruby the Heart-stealer . " CNN 's Livia Borghese reported from Rome , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	Prime Minister Mario Monti plans to step down after passage of a budget , stability measures "  I return to politics with despair and out of a sense of responsibility , " says Silvio Berlusconi The 76-year-old insists he is entering the race to win He resigned in November 2011 amid a national economic crisis
Fukushima , Japan  CNN  -- Mikio Watanabe 's Fukushima home is contaminated with radiation and filled with the nightmares of his wife 's horrific suicide . "  I can still see it , " says the 62-year old , the tears welling in his eyes . What he sees is Hamako , his wife of 39 years , on fire and scorched . The 58-year-old doused herself in kerosene and set herself on fire last July after slipping into an overwhelming depression . As evacuees from last year 's Fukushima nuclear disaster , Mikio and Hamako lost everything : their home , their jobs , and any hope for the future . "  If there was no nuclear accident , we would n't have gone through this terrible thing , " he says . "  This is TEPCO 's fault . " TEPCO , or the Tokyo Electric Power Company , owns the Fukushima nuclear plant . The triple nuclear meltdown at the plant spewed radiation across a wide swath of Fukushima prefecture , forcing the mandatory evacuation of 70,000 residents and a second tier evacuation of an additional 90,000 . The Watanabes were part of the second tier evacuation in Kawamata in Fukushima prefecture , where radiation readings top nationally acceptable levels . In a landmark case , Watanabe filed a lawsuit last month against TEPCO , blaming the utility company for his wife 's suicide . The aim of his lawsuit , he says , is to push TEPCO and the Japanese government to stop treating the nuclear accident as if it 's a natural disaster . Watanabe wants TEPCO to compensate and treat victims for a man-made accident , which would expedite how the company cares for evacuees . Evacuees like Watanabe say TEPCO is moving too slowly to restore the lives of impacted residents . That lack of speed , he says , is leading to social fallout like suicide . TEPCO , in a statement to CNN , said it would not comment on lawsuits filed against the company . Watanabe says his wife 's depression happened gradually , after they evacuated out of their home into a cramped temporary housing unit . When the chicken factory where they worked shut down because it was in the evacuation zone , the couple lost their jobs . Watanabe says his wife began to worry incessantly about how to pay off their mortgage , made worse because they had nothing to fill their days as evacuees . "  She cried so much and repeatedly asked me to take her to our home , " he says . He decided to plan an overnight trip to their house in Kawamata on June 30 . That night , the Watanabes enjoyed life as they expected to live it -- eating in their dining room and looking out at the garden . "  We talked a lot then , " recalls Watanabe . "  I do n't quite remember what we talked about , but we shared a lot . " Watanabe went to bed with his wife , feeling happier and more comfortable than he had in many weeks . "  At 1 a.m. , I woke up to use the restroom and when I went back to bed , she grabbed my arm and would n't let go . She was crying so hard then . " Watanabe pauses . That was the last time he would ever hear his wife 's voice . "  The next morning , I woke up early around 4 a.m. I snuck out quietly to start clearing the brush around the house again . When I got to the corner of the house , I saw a fire go up at about human height . I did n't think too much of it at the time . " Watanabe continued to weed around his house and went inside to take a shower . When he could n't find his wife after about an hour , he grew concerned . He started to wander around his yard and remembered the fire . "  I went there to take a look . Then I found her , burned . " Watanabe says it 's strange what you remember in trauma . He recalls being shocked and standing frozen but he also remembers trying to put out the fire with his hands . But he will never forget the image of his wife 's charred and stiff body , her legs and midriff still burning , and the flies beginning to gather around her open mouth . This was n't supposed to happen , says Watanabe . He and his wife met in elementary school but fell in love in their early 20s . They raised three children and a grandchild in their home . They took out a second mortgage on their home so they could renovate it for the next generation of their family . "  We lost everything , " he says . "  We were forced to evacuate . We lost our jobs . I lost my wife in such a terrible way . I really lost everything . " Watanabe 's lawsuit seeks to elevate his wife 's suicide beyond the horror tale whispered among evacuees . "  Watanabe 's case is very symbolic , " says his attorney Tsugio Hirota . "  All of Fukushima feels the same way . Their despair and their anger that they have no foreseeable future stands behind this case . " TEPCO has begun decontaminating affected communities . Across Fukushima prefecture , crews are scraping away contaminated soil , acre by acre . But it is painfully slow as the contaminated area is approximately 10 times the size of New York 's Manhattan Island . Due to the size of the affected area , TEPCO and the Japanese government are unable to estimate if and when residents will ever be able to return . "  I feel an unspeakable rage , " says Watanabe . "  If I do n't do something , my wife is just another suicide case . "	Last year 's nuclear meltdown spewed radiation across a wide swath of Fukushima prefecture Thousands of residents inside a radiation exclusion zone were forced from their homes Mikio Watanabe 's wife committed suicide after becoming depressed about the situation They lost their home , their jobs and any hope for the future , Mikio said
CNN  -- This month Road to Rio : A Green City journey is touching down in the United Arab Emirates . In the wake of an inconclusive United Nations Climate Change Conference in Durban , CNN 's Rima Maktabi , Leone Lakhani and Nick Glass head to Abu Dhabi , soon-to-be host city of the World Future Energy Summit . The capital 's conference center will host the likes of Ban Ki Moon from January 16-19 , 2012 . Leone goes on patrol with the city 's police force on their fleet of electric scooters while Rima visits architect Zaha Hadid 's Sheikh Zayed Bridge , constructed out of a new green cement made by recycling waste products . Meanwhile , Nick goes to Dubai to investigate the Burj Khalifa , the tallest building in the world and a high-energy consumer to see how they are finding green solutions . From a solar-paneled boat , natural-gas taxi to the latest electric boat , the three reporters ride through the Emirati streets and waterways in green style . They reconvene in the region 's most ambitious carbon-cutting project -- Masdar City -- a high-tech green hub which aims to house 40,000 people living sustainably by 2030 . A list of the stories covered on the show follows : GREEN CITY CHALLENGE The UAE is the fourth largest carbon emitter in the world . CNN 's Rima Maktabi , Leone Lakhani and Nick Glass meet in the capital city , Abu Dhabi , to see where efforts are being made to cut the carbon . Leone goes on patrol with city 's police force on their fleet of electric scooters while Rima takes a ride in a natural gas taxi . She drives over architect Zaha Hadid 's Sheikh Zayed Bridge , constructed out of a green cement made by recycling waste products . Nick heads to Dubai to see how the world 's tallest building - Burj Khalifa - has gone green . He then goes to the neighbouring Emirate of Al Ain to visit the site of the most sustainable building in the country - Sheikh Zayed Desert Learning Center - where they are digging deep to keep cool . The team reconvene in the region 's most ambitious carbon cutting project - Masdar City - a high tech green hub which aims to house 40,000 people living sustainably by 2030 . RIO +20 The programme is headed to Rio +20 ` Earth Summit ' in July . Nick explores the Kyoto Protocol from its source at the 1992 ` Earth Summit ' in Rio and speaks to experts about the position of the UAE in the negotiations . GREEN SHEIKH Rima heads to the UAE 's smallest emirate - Al Ajman - to meet the Green Sheikh and the next generation of eco warriors . Sheikh Abdul Aziz Bin Ali Al Nuaimi has adopted this name for his work promoting sustainability among the youth . NUCLEAR From the site of an imminent nuclear power plant , Leone reports on the government 's decision to become first Gulf Arab nation to have low emissions , atomic power . Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation  ENEC  has signed a deal with the state-owned Korean Electric Power Corp  KEPCO  to build four nuclear reactors 2017-2020 . SOLAR DESALINATION Nick Glass heads into the desert to find out about the carbon footprint of water . The UAE is one of the world 's largest consumers of water , with each person in Abu Dhabi consuming 560 litres of water per day , more than double the global average . Almost every drop of drinking water comes from energy intensive desalination plants . He explores a potential solution at a solar-powered desalination project .	Road to Rio comes from the UAE , where Abu Dhabi will host city of the World Future Energy Summit Rima , Leone and Nick travel in green style while exploring how the city cuts carbon They also visit Masdar City -- a high tech green hub aiming to house 40,000 people by 2030
CNN  -- The phone calls keep coming in as family and friends plead with Laura Libman , asking her not to go to Mexico . Community health workers , or promotoras , in El Reparo , Mexico , take patients ' blood pressure . But the founder and CEO of the Arizona-based Tia Foundation , a nonprofit that strives to bring health care solutions and strategies to rural Mexico , can think of no more important time -- what with the swine flu scare -- to take the journey . "  Our job is to go down when people are sick and not stay here and be afraid , " she said from the Phoenix area . "  It 's our mission , and I have to do it . " The World Health Organization says cases of swine flu have been confirmed worldwide , in countries that include the United States , Canada , New Zealand , the United Kingdom and Israel . But Mexico has appeared to be the epicenter of the swine flu outbreak , with health officials saying the virus may have caused more than 150 deaths and roughly 2,500 illnesses there . And that fact is increasingly scaring off prospective travelers to the country . The Tia Foundation -- "  tia " means aunt in Spanish -- targets the poorest of villages , places that generally lack basic health care facilities , not to mention vehicles to get to hospitals hours away , and where the people , often unschooled and malnourished , are more susceptible to disease , Libman said . Watch answers to swine flu questions " Through a partnership with the community medicine program at La Universidad Autónoma de Guadalajara , the 3 1/2 - year-old foundation trains local health care workers who are chosen by villagers and arms them with medical kits and medicines so they can take care of their own . "  It 's a great help ... a 50/50 partnership , " said Francisco Casteñeda Rico , the doctor in charge of the community medicine program , which has been reaching out to rural communities for more than 30 years . "  We can do it without Tia , but with the help -LSB- the funding , promotion and supplies -RSB- , it comes out better . " Of the 98 health workers who have been selected and trained , all of them are women , Libman said . This is because they 're seen as caregivers and also because many men leave to find work , she explained . But Libman , 45 , added that "  an unintended but extremely positive outcome " has been the "  creation of female leadership " and empowerment . Kathy McCraine , a freelance journalist and photographer , saw evidence of this when she traveled in 2007 and 2008 to Mexico to write a story for Thunderbird Magazine , a publication for alumni of the Thunderbird School of Global Management , which Libman attended in Glendale , Arizona . She spoke of the confidence women exuded while taking charge and helping others . McCraine fell in love with the foundation and ended up donating a $ 500 medical kit to one of the health care workers , or promotoras , after she graduated from the intensive week of training . The recipient , McCraine remembered , "  just felt that people respected her more . She was able to do something for her community , and that made her really proud . " Collectively , the promotoras , who are not paid , are helping serve 30,000 to 50,000 people , Libman said . They 're doing everything from delivering babies and suturing wounds to treating infections , checking blood-sugar levels and teaching the importance of simple hand-washing . The next village project is set to launch May 18 in the state of Jalisco . Libman said she 'll probably head down May 8 , as she also is on a mission to hire a medical director for the foundation . She usually travels with foundation interns but , because of the swine flu scare , can not bring them this time around "  for liability reasons , " she said . Nicole Ostrofe , a 23-year-old Thunderbird student and a summer intern who just started this week , found out only Tuesday that she would n't be going . She was crushed , as she was really hoping to do field work and give back to the region where she studied abroad during her undergraduate years . "  It 's been a total up and down , " she said . "  Congratulations , you got the internship ! By the way , you ca n't go to Mexico . " In her place , a former intern , Wynona Heim , may go along as a volunteer -- someone free to sign a liability release -- to help with all that needs to be done . Is she at all concerned about the swine flu ? "  I have two young children , but right now Jalisco has no outbreaks , " said Heim , 31 , who 's keeping a close watch on developments . "  Plus , I 'd be surrounded by doctors . Can you get any safer ? " For her part , Libman 's worry is that her flight may be canceled . If it is , she said she 's prepared to hop in her car and drive if she has to . "  The only way we 're going to cancel the project is if the university brigade , " the team of medical students who train villagers , gets "  called out to treat people in an emergency , " she said . "  It 's going to be a day-to-day , hour-to-hour decision over here as to whether we 'll be able to do our work . " She is hopeful , though , that the next wave of training will kick off as planned -- especially now , as concerns about swine flu sweep through Mexico and the remote villages remain the most underserved . "  I hope the State Department does n't take any other steps that 'll hinder organizations like ours , " she said . And to those who remain concerned about her plans and her personal safety , she said this : "  I could just as easily be hit by a bus here . ... Do you tell Doctors without Borders they should n't go to a place that has armed conflict ? " CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this story .	As swine flu cases rise in Mexico , the Tia Foundation hopes to be there The nonprofit promotes sustainable health care training in rural Mexico Founder : "  Our job is to go down when people are sick ... not stay here and be afraid " 98 women serve as community health workers , serving up to 50,000 people
CNN  -- In April , Carol Rossetti began a personal project to continue practicing her drawing technique , "  while saying something worthy . " With some paper found in her office in Belo Horizonte , Brazil , and an old box of colored pencils , the 26-year-old graphic designer began sketching . Four months later , her unnamed project 's Facebook page has attracted more than 83,000 likes , a Tumblr page and an international following . The drawings feature images of women and girls with commentary on topics including weight , hair , clothes and sexuality . The images take about two hours to create ; the commentary is first written in Portuguese , and volunteers take on the delicate translations in English , Spanish , Hebrew and other languages . "  Ana was raped , " says an image of a woman clutching her knees . "  Ana , you are not alone . It 's not your fault . This experience is not what defines you as a human being . You are so much more than this . " "  Helena avoided wearing high heels because everybody told her she would be too tall , " one image says . "  Then , Helena tried on the Louboutins and has never ever wanted to take them off . " "  Babi is 7 years old . Her parents found it a bit odd that she chose to take karate instead of ballet , " says one drawing of a girl with a ponytail and in the middle of a high kick . "  Babi , gender conventions should never limit your identity ! You can do whatever you want ! " Rossetti said she had no idea her art project would spur a global response . "  Your art is brilliant , " Madhumita Hota wrote from India on Facebook . "  I loved reading your descriptions as well . Well done . " "  I love your work and do n't mind waiting for the translations , " Paige Hayley Wren commented from the United States . "  I love what you have to say and I think it 's commendable that you are so careful with translations and so sensitive to/aware of using positive language . " Rosetti 's project is one of several that are reimagining how women are seen , and how they see themselves . Sheryl Sandberg 's Lean In partnership with Getty Images features a curated selection of photographs to highlight the diversity of women in and outside the office . In a recent commercial , Always , the sanitary napkin company , challenged viewers to reconsider the phrase "  like a girl . " Rossetti hopes to establish an online shop to make the popular illustrations available as prints . For now , she said , she 'll continue working with volunteers to translate the illustrations into several languages . In an e-mail interview , Rosetti explained more about her images and why they 're reaching an audience around the world . Her edited answers are below . CNN : How do these illustrations reflect who you are ? Is there an illustration that is personally relevant for you , or that you drew from personal experience ? Rosetti : I think they obviously define how I feel about many things , especially concerning the representation of people . Most of them were based on people I know , that are close to me . For example , my mother who has white hair , and I think it 's gorgeous , but still many people tell her to dye it . In the end , I can relate to most of them , because they are all about the control over women 's bodies , and I live that every day . Whenever I see a newspaper criticizing a woman 's appearance , it 's like saying that every woman in every occasion can and will be evaluated by her looks . Does n't really matter if she 's receiving a Nobel Prize or saving people from drowning , papers will talk about her poor choice of shoes or a nip slip . CNN : How would you describe your illustrations and the response to them ? What has surprised you about the response ? Rossetti : I think the point of my illustrations is to show , in a gentle and nonaggressive way , that there is still a lot of oppressive control over women 's personal choices and identities , and expose a problem of representation toward women , people of color , people with disabilities ,  LGBT concerns  and so on . I was really surprised with such huge success , the way people shared my illustrations . I really was n't expecting that . I fight prejudice in so many ways , and that does n't mean I do n't still have some of my own . I was surprised to see so many people that I thought would be very conservative sharing my work , and thanking me for doing it . Sometimes we stumble on our own expectations , and sometimes that 's a good thing . CNN : Are there any posts or illustrations that have had a particularly passionate response from the community ? What was it , and why do you think it struck a nerve ? Rossetti : Many people have thanked me for the one about Ana being raped , saying that my words somehow helped them through a hard time . Honestly , there 's nothing as rewarding as that . Some people told me they finally got the courage to wear high heels after they saw the picture of Helena . That 's really amazing ,  and  makes me so so happy ! Of course , the one about abortion had also some angry comments , but that was expected . CNN : You deal with a lot of delicate topics . How do you choose which topics you illustrate ? How has your approach to the project evolved since you began ? Rossetti : I have some topics I 'd like to discuss on a list , but people are now sending me amazing suggestions from all over the world . It 's fantastic , I think I 'll never end this project . At first , I was thinking about feminism . But now I 'm talking about so many other things , like racism , ableism , homophobia , transphobia . ... People are happy to feel represented , and I 'm happy that , even in a minor scale , I am being able to do that . CNN : What has been surprising about this experience ? Rossetti : I guess I was positively shocked by the amount of people who are eager to see a wider representation of the human being . Many people told me how happy they were to see a person in a wheelchair when the topic in discussion was not the disability . That 's representation . And it 's great !	Graphic designer Carol Rossetti draws images of women as a personal project The unnamed project now has an international audience of more than 83,000 on Facebook Rossetti says she 's surprised by the popularity , and will continue the project
If Greek island hopping is the dream , then Greek ferry timetables are usually the reality . How many travelers have embarked on an adventure from Athens ' Piraeus port planning to explore the Cyclades , Ionian and Dodecanese archipelagos , only to realize they 've just got time to grab a Greek salad in Santorini before catching the boat home ? And that 's if seasonal winds are n't blowing the ferries off schedule . All this could change over the next two years if a Greek aviation company 's vision of creating a new , affordable seaplane network comes to pass . Hellenic Seaplanes says it wants to connect more than 100 locations throughout Greece by 2016 , with the first routes due to be operational in May 2015 . Headquartered in Athens , the company was established in May 2013 . The company says tickets for its seaplanes are likely to be affordable , making them a viable and much faster alternative to the ferry . Because its fleet -- currently comprised of 12-seater Dornier Seastar and 19-seat Twin Otter amphibious aircraft -- can land on water , the service will be able to serve smaller islands currently unconnected by air , without the need for costly infrastructure . This prospect is , of course , still in the planning stages and initial launch dates have already been pushed back from this year . Given Greece 's economic turbulence of recent years , rapid business expansion is n't plain sailing -- or flying . That should n't stop anyone from planning their ultimate island-hopping adventure from Hellenic 's list of planned destinations , connecting far-flung destinations from the northern Aegean to the Libyan Sea on a trip that would need a month to explore by boat . Here 's some affordable , jet-setting suggestions . Crete No introductions needed for the biggest , much-loved Greek island . Ιf Crete was a resort , its northern forefront would be the buzzing reception while the south would be the VIP lounge , open only to those willing to experience its authentic heart . The Hellenic Seaplanes network is expected to make the harder-to-reach south more accessible , connecting places such as Sitia , Ierapetra and Sfakia with the hotspots of Chania , Heraklion and Agios Nikolaos . Southern discoveries include hidden villages facing the Libyan Sea , such as Lentas and Loutro . Then there 's historic Sfakia and Frangokastello castle , lesser-known archeological sites like the Minoan Palace of Zakros , the stunning gorges of Orino and Kato Zakros , secluded islands just off the coast like Chrisi and remarkable monasteries like Preveli and Chryssoskalitissa . Affordable luxury : The five-star St. Nicolas Bay Resort Hotel & Villas is located on a private beachfront just 1.5 kilometers from Agios Nikolaos , overlooking the enchanting Mirabello Bay . Thessi Nissi Aghios Nikolaos , Crete ; +30 28410 90200 Pelion For those torn between mountain or sea vacations there 's Pelion . Forming a peninsula in central Greece between the Pagasetic Gulf and the Aegean Sea , Pelion mountain is already a favorite among the locals year-round and in ancient times was the summer home of the Twelve Gods of Olympus and stomping ground of mythical Centaurs . Mountain and coastal villages feature traditional architecture and charming squares bustling with flowers -- hortensia seems to be the queen here . There are well marked trails in the forest for hikes that can also turn into mushroom , herb or wild strawberry hunts that end with a dive into the sea . Sandy and pebbly beaches lead into clear waters overlooked by discreet beach bars or traditional seaside taverns serving delicious local food . Affordable luxury : Volos , the coastal port city serving as the main gateway to Pelion is home to the team of the Greek startup Incrediblue . Characterized as an "  Airbnb for boats , " it offers sailboats , catamaran or private yacht charter for sailing experiences . Oktovriou 219 , Volos ; +30 2421 076182 Skyros Skyros is expected to be one of the first of the Sporades chain of islands to welcome seaplanes , with a waterway on its way to being constructed at Linaria Port . It 's an island with a split personality . Northern Skyros features the greenery typical of the Sporades to its north . On the other side of the island is the typical wilderness of the Cyclades islands to the south . Here , it 's all about tranquility , tradition and scenery -- many who visit come back . Chora , the island 's capital , features traditional white houses on a slope that leads to a Byzantine castle . To the north there 's almost-private beaches such as Atsitsa , Pefkos and Agios Fokas , while boat trips around the hard-to-access south take in stalactite-filled sea caves and the little island of Sarakiniko , set in transparent , azure sea waters . One of its most recognizable residents is the Skyrian horse , the small-bodied Greek species and one of the most rare horse breeds worldwide , which is nowadays protected . Affordable luxury : The accommodation list is modest on Skyros , however posh villas can be picked up for relatively good prices on sites such as Greek Luxury Villas and Five Star Greece . Otherwise , Ammos Hotel is a great alternative , offering stylish accommodation with wonderful sea views , located a stone 's throw from the sandy beach of Magazia . Magazia , Skyros ; +30 22220 91 234 Kavala Built like an amphitheater on the slopes of Mount Symvolo , Kavala is one of northern Greece 's most vibrant , coastal cities . The city serves as a perfect base for vacations all year round but is at it 's best in summer . Mornings can be spent diving into aquamarine waters from beaches such as Ammolofoi  meaning sand dunes  , Batis and Toska . Evenings are for walking around quaint alleyways and the castle of the Old Town , restored tobacco warehouses and the neoclassical mansions of the modern town or among the port 's fish taverns and lively coffee bars . It 's a spot for mingling with locals and combining leisure time by the sea with the discovery of traditional villages , hiking trails and wineries of nearby Paggaio mountain . Nearby , the pristine island of Thasos , a rough diamond of the northern Aegean , is worth a visit , although you 'll have forsake planes for a 90-minute boat ride . Affordable luxury : Imaret , an impeccably restored historical monument in Kavala , offers unique and indulgent accommodation . Its restaurant is impressive , serving regional and Mediterranean cuisine mixed with a panoramic view of the city . Th . Poulidou 30-32 , Kavala ; +30 2510 620151 Lefkas This Ionian sea island , connected to mainland Greece via a floating pontoon , has a versatile character , combining elements of the mountainous mainland with some of the most spectacular turquoise waters in the entire country The main town of Lefkas features modern marinas and colorful two-floor houses while the gently sloping east coast is already developed for tourism . Things get more exciting further out . Vasiliki port to the south is great for wind-surfing , while the wilder west coast is fringed by emerald waters and out-of-this-world beaches such as Egkremnoi , Kathisma or Porto Katsiki . It 's not easy to leave these places but those that make the effort will find , among the scattered olive , pine and cypress trees , soulful inland mountain villages such as Exanthia , Karya and Englouvi . The island also hosts the International Folklore Festival , a celebration of art , dance and music held here each August . The online Lefkada Slow Guide is a great resource for planning a visit . Affordable luxury : Pavezzo Country Retreat is a group of renovated houses that share a pool , stunning gardens and verandas in Katouna village . Two independent villas , Myrtia or Honeymoon , have private pools and secluded atmosphere . Katouna , Lefkas ; +30 26450 71782	Hellenic Seaplanes plans to connect 100 Greek destinations by 2016 New services would make island-hopping trips to far-flung destinations much easier Crete , Skyros and Pelion are among recommended destinations
CNN  -- Three women who were rescued this month after being held captive in a Cleveland house for close to a decade "  are happy and safe , " and overwhelmed by the public 's support , their attorneys said in a statement released Wednesday . Amanda Berry , Michelle Knight and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus "  want you to know they 're doing well , " the attorneys ' statement reads . "  They are happy and safe and continue to heal , a process that requires time and privacy , " attorneys Kathy Joseph , Heather Kimmel , Henry Hilow and James Wooley said . Berry , 27 ; DeJesus , 23 ; and Knight , 32 -- and a 6-year-old daughter born to Berry in captivity -- were found alive on May 6 in a Cleveland home , police said . The women are believed to have been abducted years ago -- in 2002 , 2003 and 2004 -- and held captive at the home of Ariel Castro , 52 , according to police . ` Please do n't let me go , ' Cleveland kidnap victim told officers Castro was charged with kidnapping and rape after Berry escaped from the home with the aid of neighbors , authorities said . The attorneys said that the outpouring of public support -- including donations to the Cleveland Courage Fund , which the lawyers say will be used to establish trusts to aid the three women and Berry 's daughter -- "  has been nothing short of remarkable . " Source : Michelle Knight was Cleveland suspect 's main ` punching bag ' "  To have complete strangers offer loving support in the form of money , goods and services , reaching out to help like a family member , is appreciated in ways that are impossible to put into words , " the lawyers said . "  Amanda , Gina and Michelle , who have asked for nothing , are frankly overwhelmed by it all . "  You have touched their hearts in ways they will never forget . So again , they collectively say ` Thank you . Thank you so much ! ' " The fund has collected a total of $ 650,000 from more than 6,800 donors , according to Hennes Paynter Communications , which is representing the women . How the abductions happened	Amanda Berry , Michelle Knight and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus are still healing , they say Lawyers call outpouring of public support "  nothing short of remarkable " They say the women are thankful for $ 650,000 from more than 6,800 donors The women were rescued this month after allegedly being held captive for close to a decade
CNN  -- The father of Bradley Manning , the soldier responsible for the largest leak of classified information in U.S. history , says he believes his son did n't do it . He does n't see how he could have done it , Brian Manning told CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 in an interview that aired Tuesday night . "  Logistically , I ca n't understand -- because knowing computers as well as I do -- how you could get that much data out of a room with three other people in there , you know , sitting in close proximity , where everybody could see what everybody was doing , " he said . "  I ca n't understand how that could be done . " His son , a former Army intelligence analyst , was convicted last month of stealing and sending a trove of classified data to the website WikiLeaks . What 's next for Bradley Manning ? He was acquitted of the most serious charge he faced , aiding the enemy , which could have put Manning in prison for life without the possibility of parole . Now , he faces a maximum possible sentence of 90 years . When he entered guilty pleas on the lesser charges this year , Manning spent more than an hour in court reading a statement about why he had leaked the information . He said that the information he distributed "  upset " or "  disturbed " him , but none of it , he thought , would harm the United States if it became public . "  I believed that if the general public , especially the American public , had access to the information ... it could spark a domestic debate on the role of the military and our foreign policy in general as it related to Iraq and Afghanistan , " Manning said , according to a statement from his lawyer . Is the Snowden case Manning , Part Two ? Asked about those comments , Brian Manning said that he thought his son was posturing . "  Yeah , I think he was grandstanding , " he told CNN , adding that if his son was , in fact , responsible for the leak , he had no excuse for his actions . "  I mean , I ca n't fathom any reason to myself why he should be -- that I should forgive him for doing something like that because it 's against my creed , or code of honor , " he said . Brian Manning alluded to his time in the military , saying that he never spoke about what he did and wished his son had the same character . Authorities say the younger Manning delivered three-quarters of a million pages of classified documents and videos to the secret-sharing site WikiLeaks , which never confirmed the soldier was the source of its information . The material covered numerous aspects of U.S. military strategy in Iraq , gave what some called a ground view of events in the Afghanistan war and revealed the inner workings of U.S. State Department diplomacy in leaked cables . "  It 's my country as well , and leaking information that 's going to damage my country , and the soldiers in our military , you know , that would be very upsetting , " Brian Manning said . Opinion : Manning verdict 's lesson in a digital age CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Ashley Fantz and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Brian Manning says he believes his son is innocent The younger Manning was convicted in the largest leak in U.S. history "  Logistically , I ca n't understand " how Bradley got data out , says Brian Manning
CNN  What was supposed to be a fantasy sports car ride at Walt Disney World Speedway turned deadly when a Lamborghini crashed into a guardrail . The crash took place Sunday at the Exotic Driving Experience , which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack . The Lamborghini 's passenger , 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport , Florida , died at the scene , Florida Highway Patrol said . The driver of the Lamborghini , 24-year-old Tavon Watson of Kissimmee , Florida , lost control of the vehicle , the Highway Patrol said . He was hospitalized with minor injuries . Petty Holdings , which operates the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway , released a statement Sunday night about the crash . "  On behalf of everyone in the organization , it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today 's tragic accident in Orlando , " the company said . Petty Holdings also operates the Richard Petty Driving Experience -- a chance to drive or ride in NASCAR race cars named for the winningest driver in the sport 's history . CNN 's Vivan Kuo and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	The crash occurred at the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway Officials say the driver , 24-year-old Tavon Watson , lost control of a Lamborghini Passenger Gary Terry , 36 , died at the scene
Secretary of State John Kerry stressed Thursday that the United States is interested only in communicating with Iran , not working with the country , to push back Islamist militants who are threatening Iraq . On Thursday , he told NBC News that statements he 'd made this week seem to have been misunderstood . "  What I said is we are interested in communicating with Iran to make clear that the Iranians know what we 're thinking and we know what they 're thinking and there 's a sharing of information so people are n't making mistakes , " the secretary said . The idea of the U.S. working with Iran would be a "  head-scratcher , " he said . "  No . We 're not sitting around contemplating if we 're going to do that . That 's not on the table . " In a Yahoo News interview this week , Kerry was asked : "  Can you see cooperating with Iran militarily ? According to a transcript of that interview on the State Department 's website , the secretary responded : "  I -- at this moment , I think we need to go step by step and see what , in fact , might be a reality , but I would n't rule out anything that would be constructive to providing real stability , a respect for the constitution , a respect for the election process , and a respect for the ability of the Iraqi people to form a government that represents all of the interests of Iraq , not one sectarian group over another . It has to be inclusive , and that has been one of the great problems of the last few years . " Kerry was then asked : "  If Iran recognizes that , would you be willing to work with that country ? " He answered , "  Let 's see what Iran might or might not be willing to do before we start making any pronouncements . I think we are open to any constructive process here that could minimize the violence , hold Iraq together , the integrity of the country , and eliminate the presence of outside terrorist forces that are ripping it apart . " After that interview , there was debate on television news and in print stories about the possibility of the U.S. and Iran working together to help Iraq . CNN asked experts if it was even possible for the longtime foes to join forces . In Thursday 's NBC interview , Kerry said that "  nothing is off the table . All options are available " to President Barack Obama when it comes to batting ISIS , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Made up of mostly Sunni Muslims , ISIS is an al Qaeda splinter group that wants to establish a caliphate , or Islamic state , that would stretch from Iraq into northern Syria . The group has had significant success in Syria battling President Bashar al-Assad 's security forces . Since launching its battle for Iraqi territory , ISIS has said it has killed at least 1,700 Shiites . Scores of Iraqis have fled their homes , prompting fears of a brewing humanitarian crisis . NBC said to Kerry : "  It seems like the U.S. was totally caught off guard by this . " "  Look , our people on the ground in Iraq have seen the increased intensity , " he replied . "  We 've been watching this happening . We have been engaged in efforts over the months . We 've been beefing up our assistance , our presence . " On Wednesday , Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told Congress that the U.S. has received a request from the Iraqi government to use its air power in the conflict . Dempsey , the senior ranking member of the U.S. armed forces , spoke before the Senate Appropriations Committee on Wednesday on Capitol Hill in Washington , saying that the United States ' "  national security interest  is  to counter  ISIS  where we find them . " Kerry stressed in the NBC interview that ISIS is "  threatening " to U.S. and Western interests . He said that the U.S. has not acted so far "  for a lot of different reasons , " including that , until recently , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki "  denied the kind of permissions necessary . " Kerry then stressed that any assistance to Iraq is "  not about Maliki . " "  Let me stress : What the United States is doing is about Iraq , " Kerry said . "  It is not about Maliki . Nothing that the President decides to do is going to be focused specifically on Prime Minister Maliki . It is focused on the people of Iraq . " Kerry said the U.S. is "  deeply engaged in working with our allies and friends in the region . We are assisting , training , doing work in terms of providing nonlethal aid and assistance . " NBC asked Kerry what he would say to Iraq veterans and their families who lost so much during that long war , only to contemplate that the country is on the brink again . Whether Iraq gets to that terrible point "  remains to be seen , " Kerry responded . "  The test is in , really , these next few days and weeks . We are going to do everything in our power to follow through and try to get the job done through diplomacy ... to honor their sacrifice . " Obama to Congress : I do n't need new permission on Iraq Transcript : Obama 's remarks on U.S. response to Iraq crisis Current fighting pushes Iraqi refugee population past 1 million	Secretary of State John Kerry : U.S. wants Iran in the loop so "  people are n't making mistakes " The idea of the U.S. working with Iran would be a "  head - scratcher , " he says All options are available to President Barack Obama , Kerry told NBC News .
CNN  -- Yale Historian Beverly Gage recently uncovered the first copy of an unredacted "  anonymous " FBI letter sent to Martin Luther King Jr. telling him to kill himself . Click here to see the blacked out version of the FBI threat letter There are dozens of such menacing memos and letters held in the U.S. archives that detail the FBI 's systematic plot to "  neutralize " the civil rights leader . In retrospect it may be horrifying to know that the government had such a plan , but historians say the plot did have an upside . FBI wiretaps have "  given us the most powerful and persuasive source of all for seeing how utterly selfless Martin Luther King was , " as a civil rights leader , according to a leading civil rights scholar . "  You see him being intensely self-critical . King really and truly believed that he was there to be of service to others . This was not a man with any egomaniacal joy of being a famous person , or being a leader , " said Pulitzer Prize-winning scholar David Garrow in a recent interview with CNN . Hoping to prove the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was under the influence of Communists , the FBI kept the civil rights leader under constant surveillance . See the FBI 's actual discussion about the surveillance See J. Edgar Hoover 's order for the surveillance See where the FBI put the microphones The agency 's hidden tape recorders turned up almost nothing about communism . But they did reveal embarrassing details about King 's sex life -- details the FBI was able to use against him . The almost fanatical zeal with which the FBI pursued King is disclosed in tens of thousands of FBI memos from the 1960s . See the actual FBI document calling MLK an "  unprincipled opportunistic individual " The FBI paper trail spells out in detail the government agency 's concerted efforts to derail King 's efforts on behalf of the civil rights movement . The FBI 's interest in King intensified after the March on Washington in August 1963 , when King delivered his "  I have a dream speech , " which many historians consider the most important speech of the 20th century . After the speech , an FBI memo called King the "  most dangerous and effective Negro leader in the country . " The bureau convened a meeting of department heads to "  explore how best to carry on our investigation -LSB- of King -RSB- to produce the desired results without embarrassment to the Bureau , " which included "  a complete analysis of the avenues of approach aimed at neutralizing King as an effective Negro leader . " See the memo ordering the FBI to follow MLK throughout the country The FBI began secretly tracking King 's flights and watching his associates . In July 1963 , a month before the March on Washington , FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover filed a request with Attorney General Robert Kennedy to tap King 's and his associates ' phones and to bug their homes and offices . In September , Kennedy consented to the technical surveillance . Kennedy gave the FBI permission to break into King 's office and home to install the bugs , as long as agents recognized the "  delicacy of this particular matter " and did n't get caught installing them . Kennedy added a proviso -- he wanted to be personally informed of any pertinent information . While King did have associates who had been members of the Communist Party , by all accounts they severed those ties when they started working in the civil rights movement . What 's more , the FBI bugs never picked up evidence that King himself was a Communist , or was interested in toeing the party line . But the long list of bugs in his hotel rooms picked up just enough about King 's love life . See the FBI memo that calls him "  unfit to serve as a minister of the gospel " See the FBI file cover about MLK 's love life A decision in a 1977 court case brought by Bernard Lee , one of King 's associates , sealed the transcripts from those wiretaps until 2027 . But King 's associates confirm there were at least two cases in which FBI surveillance caught King in compromising circumstances . The first incident involved King at a party at the Willard Hotel in Washington . The FBI recorded the party and captured the sounds of a sexual encounter in the room afterwards . The second incident occurred during King 's stay in a hotel in Los Angeles , California . There , agents heard another drunken gathering in which King told an off-color joke about the recently assassinated President John F. Kennedy . Hoover sent transcripts and excerpts of those recordings to the White House and to the attorney general . Hoover 's contempt for King 's private behavior is clear in the memos he kept in his personal files . His scrawl across the bottom of positive news stories about King 's success dripped with loathing . On a story about King receiving the St. Francis peace medal from the Catholic Church , he wrote "  this is disgusting . " On the story "  King , Pope to Talk on Race , " he scribbled "  astounding . " On a story about King 's meeting with the pope , "  I am amazed that the Pope gave an audience to such a degenerate . " On a story about King being the heavy favorite to win the Nobel Prize , he wrote "  King could well qualify for the ` top alley cat ' prize ! " See Hoover 's thoughts on MLK 's success , in his own handwriting See Hoover 's thoughts about MLK 's interaction with the Pope , in his own handwriting When King learned he would be the recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964 , the FBI decided to take its harassment of King one step further , sending him an insulting and threatening note anonymously . A draft was found in the FBI files years later . In it the FBI wrote , "  You are a colossal fraud and an evil , vicious one at that . " The letter went on to say , "  The American public ... will know you for what you are -- an evil , abnormal beast , " and "  Satan could not do more . " The letter 's threat was ominous , if not specific : "  King you are done . " Some have theorized the intent of the letter was to drive King to commit suicide in order to avoid personal embarrassment . "  King , there is only one thing left for you to do , " the letter concluded . "  You know what it is ... You better take it before your filthy , abnormal fraudulent self is bared to the nation . " With the exception of the wiretap transcripts that remain sealed under court order , many of the other memos were made public as part of high-profile congressional investigations into the FBI 's harassment of King . A summary was put together during the course of these investigations . Other memos were released through a Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for National Security Studies in 1978 . Another large batch was released through a 1979 FOIA request from David Garrow . While the memos depict a cold and calculating attempt by the government to personally embarrass King , the memos also create an ironic byproduct , according to Garrow . "  When you have a wiretap on someone you pick up all sorts of dreck . But in terms of the political history that ironically the FBI has created for us , it 's a wonderful resource , " Garrow said .	FBI memo called King the "  most dangerous ... effective Negro leader " in U.S. Hidden wiretaps turned up no Communist Party ties , just extramarital affairs J. Edgar Hoover 's contempt for MLK 's private behavior shows in private memos
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Tehran 's main bazaar reopened for its first full day of activity after demonstrations this week over the country 's plummeting currency . The bazaar was open Saturday , as were money exchange shops . "  The price of the dollar on the open market today dropped to  between  28,500 and 29,000 rials , but the price of all foreign currencies , including the dollar , is still fluctuating and only a few transactions took place today , " Mohammad Kashtiarai , head of the National Gold and Jewel Association , told the semi-official Mehr News Agency . Sixteen people were arrested Thursday , a day after police dispersed a crowd at the bazaar , where protesters were blaming President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for the high price of the dollar and goods in general . Demonstrators chanted slogans opposing firebrand President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and decrying the skyrocketing cost of basic goods . The rial 's plummet to historic lows is the result of international sanctions , imposed largely by the United States and the European Union in an effort to pressure Iran to sit down for talks on its nuclear program . Ahmadinejad has insisted that sanctions hurt the people , not the government , and that the country 's economy "  has become a tool for psychological warfare . " The rial 's value was cut in half from September of last year through last month , the Congressional Research Service said in a report . It has fallen even further since , including a sharp nosedive this week , reaching historic lows against the value of the dollar . But protesters in Tehran blamed Ahmadinejad , chanting slogans against his regime and complaining about high prices . Those arrested "  were the main players in the recent fluctuations in the foreign currency market , " the Tehran Judiciary said in a statement .	Tehran 's main bazaar reopened for its first full day of business after protests Sixteen people were arrested after the demonstrations They were protesting the country 's currency crisis
Mental Floss  -- Are you thinking of getting a graduate degree , but want something with a narrower focus than an MBA or a JD ? Schools around the world offer all sorts of incredibly focused graduate degrees to students who are trying to break into very specific fields . Here 's a look at a handful of programs you might not have known about . 1 . The Beatles , Liverpool Hope University Anyone can listen to the Beatles ' records , but it takes a special kind of fan to pursue a master 's degree in the Fab Four . Last March , Liverpool Hope University announced that during the 2009-10 academic year it would begin offering a first-of-its-kind masters degree in a field of study it dubbed "  The Beatles , Popular Music , and Society . " The program consists of two night classes per week for an academic year and focuses on everything from the band 's songs to the influence of their fashion on youth culture . Really , the only way to top this degree would be to get a doctorate in Rolling Stones-ology . 2 . Thanatology , Hood College At first it may seem a bit odd that a person would want to get a Master of Arts in Thanatology , or the academic study of death , but Hood College offers the course of study to prepare students for work with terminally ill patients and the bereaved . Graduates of the program leave with a greater understanding of death and the grief process , which gives them a specific set of skills they can take to work in hospices , hospitals , or nursing homes . 3 . Puppetry , University of Connecticut If you 're an aspiring puppeteer in search of a master 's degree , you 've got one choice : the University of Connecticut . UConn has been offering classes in puppetry since 1964 , and the school now says it 's the only institution in the country that offers MA and MFA options for puppet arts . Courses like "  DA 5601 : Marionette Construction " would be sure to make you the envy of any friends slogging through more mundane coursework in their own grad programs . Mental Floss : 9 muppets kicked off Sesame Street 4 . Homeland Security , Fairleigh Dickinson University Want to spruce up your resume for a job in homeland security ? If you 've got an Internet connection , you can earn a Master of Science in Homeland Security  MSHS  from Fairleigh Dickinson University . The degree requires 12 courses , including core classes like "  Weapons of Mass Destruction/Terrorism Awareness . " 5 . Recreation Administration , California State University Long Beach California State University Long Beach offers a Master of Science in Recreation Administration through its Department of Recreation & Leisure Studies . According to the program 's Web site , it "  helps prepare professional personnel who can contribute to the development of a philosophy of leisure " and "  are competent managers of private and public agencies and programs . " 6 . Fire Protection Engineering , Worcester Polytechnic Institute Yes , this one 's a niche , but it 's one we 're all glad exists . Worcester Polytechnic Institute offers grad degrees in fire protection engineering that include coursework like "  FPE 575 : Explosion Protection " and "  FPE 554 : Advanced Fire Suppression . " 7 . Parapsychology , Coventry University If you 're interested in scientifically studying the existence of psychic abilities and life after death , England 's Coventry University has just the program for you . According to the school , its distance-learning MSc in Parapsychology "  provides a thorough empirical , theoretical and methodological introduction to the controversial field of parapsychology . " Whether or not you believe in ESP , you 've got to admit a course title like "  Extrasensory Perception and Psychokinesis Research " sounds a lot more interesting than many graduate classes . Mental Floss : 11 unusual college majors 8 . Anime , Tokyo University of the Arts Tokyo University of the Arts offers a course of graduate study in anime that evaluates existing work while also challenging its students to create innovative new animations of their own . 9 . Lighting Design , Parsons the New School for Design Parsons the New School for Design claims that it offers the only architectural lighting program focused "  primarily on design and social practice . " Students learn about "  the intellectual , aesthetic , and technical aspects of lighting " in order to design better-lit spaces . 10 . Gastronomy , Boston University Boston University offers a multidisciplinary Master of Liberal Arts in Gastronomy that offers students a chance to study "  the role of food in historical and contemporary societies from a variety of perspectives . " The program draws from arts , humanities , and social science departments to help students flesh out their understanding of foods . If you love food , this sentence from the program 's Web site has to make your mouth water a bit : "  The program offers special emphasis on experiential learning through hands-on culinary arts laboratories and wine studies courses . " Mental Floss : 10 foods that  thankfully  flopped 11 . Wood & Paper Science , North Carolina State North Carolina State University 's College of Natural Resources offers a variety of masters and doctoral programs through its Department of Wood & Paper Science . According to the program 's Web site , students ' coursework can included classes on such specific topics as wood-moisture relations and lumber drying , paper physics , and wood tool design , performance , and wear . 12 . Sequential Art , Savannah College of Art and Design Savannah College of Art and Design offers students the chance to get their MFA in sequential art . What exactly is sequential art , though ? It includes comic books , graphic novels , storyboards , and children 's books . The program gives students the chance to take some pretty specific coursework , including electives on Manga and superhero comics , comic strips , and advanced writing for comics . 13 . Appalachian Studies , Appalachian State Appalachian State University offers masters degrees through its Centers for Appalachian Studies . Students in the interdisciplinary program can concentrate on Appalachian culture , sustainable development , or Appalachian music . The program also offers students a chance to study abroad in Wales for a comparative analysis of Wales and Appalachia , including a look at Welsh migration patterns to Appalachia . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	If you want to study it , there may be a college that teaches that topic University of Connecticut says it 's only school offering Masters in puppetry arts Take a class in Weapons of Mass Destruction at Fairleigh Dickinson University Savannah College of Art and Design teaches comic books and graphic novels
Washington  CNN  -- The White House released more than 100 pages of e-mails on Wednesday in a bid to quell critics who say President Barack Obama and his aides played politics with national security following the deadly terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya . The e-mails detail the complex back and forth between the CIA , State Department , and the White House in developing unclassified talking points that were used to underpin a controversial and slow-to-evolve explanation of events last September 11 . The talking points have become a political flashpoint in a long-running battle between the Obama administration and Republicans , who accuse it of not bolstering security prior to the attack , of botching the response to it , and of misleading the public for political gain less than two months before the November election . The GOP suggests that the administration removed specific terror references and stuck to an explanation -- later proved untrue -- that the attack was result of a spontaneous demonstration over an anti-Muslim film that was produced in the United States . There had been such a demonstration in Cairo . The Benghazi attack killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Read the e-mails in a searchable format . The White House and its allies in Congress have made the case that any confusion and conflicting information in the early hours and days after the attacks stemmed from the "  fog of war " -- not any deliberate effort to mislead the American people about the source of the attacks . Obama has called Republican concentration on the talking points a political "  side show . " Senior Obama administration officials contend the e-mails demonstrate the process of developing talking points for members of Congress to use in media interviews was not focused on politics but rather on events . Analysis : CIA role in Benghazi underreported For instance , some of the e-mails expressed caution about what should be said publicly during an FBI investigation while others centered on the strength of intelligence at the time . The White House said the e-mails it provided to inquiring lawmakers months ago and released on Wednesday aim to paint a fuller picture following what it described as a series of selective and inaccurate e-mails recently appearing in media reports . "  Collectively , these e-mails make clear that the interagency process , including the White House 's interactions , were focused on providing the facts as we knew them based on the best information available at the time and protecting an ongoing investigation , " said White House spokesman Eric Schultz . The e-mails indicate the CIA was likely the lead organization in developing the talking points with the State Department recommending significant changes . Opinion : GOP using Benghazi to smear Changes made to talking points Following the original drafting of them , CIA analysts made a handful of significant changes , according to administration sources . In the CIA 's original set , the first bullet point included a reference that the Benghazi attack was "  spontaneously inspired by the protests at the U.S. Embassy in Cairo and evolved into a direct assault against the U.S. consulate and subsequently its annex . " It noted assessments could change "  as additional information is collected and analyzed . " The second bullet point noted the attackers in Benghazi were comprised of "  a mix of individuals from across many sections of Libyan society . " It specified that intelligence officials did not know whether Islamic extremists , including those aligned with al Qaeda , had participated in the attack . Pickering wants an open Benghazi hearing This bullet was later changed after a CIA analyst questioned whether the current intelligence supported the assertion that extremists had participated in the attack . Another CIA officer agreed , stating intelligence placed extremists at a protest but could not support the notion that extremists were responsible for the American deaths . The editing team revised it so that talking point read , "  The crowd almost certainly was a mix of individuals from across many sectors of Libyan society . The investigation is on-going as to who is responsible . That being said , we do know that Islamic extremists participated in the violent demonstrations . " The second CIA change was to the swap out the word "  attacks " with "  demonstrations " in the first bullet point , which an administration source said was to eliminate an awkward and illogical account of events . A third change the CIA made was to remove the name al Qaeda from the second talking point , which was done because it did n't want to get ahead of the FBI 's investigation of the attack . A key point of contention revolves around statements by U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice , who took the most direct criticism because of her assertions in television interviews days after the attack that linked it to the demonstration . ` Shredded bodies ' in ` horrific ' Benghazi blast State Department concern A final CIA addition to the talking points was a warning about the security situation at the time of the armed assault . But that warning was eventually removed . Senior administration officials say that long before the CIA heard concerns from the State Department about warnings being put in the talking points , CIA Deputy Director Mike Morell advocated for removing the warnings out , since he felt the talking points should focus on what happened in Benghazi on September 11 , rather than the previous six months . He also felt it was unprofessional and unfair for the CIA to cite its own warnings to the State Department , officials said . Victoria Nuland , then the State Department spokeswoman , had raised concerns over the CIA 's first version , saying that they went further than what she was allowed to say about the attack during her briefings . She also questioned information about CIA warnings of extremist threats linked to al Qaeda in Benghazi and eastern Libya , saying "  the penultimate point could be abused by members  of Congress  to beat the State Department for not paying attention to agency warnings so why do we want to feed that either ? Concerned ... " Rep. Darrell Issa , the chairman of the House Oversight Committee which is investigating the matter , told CNN 's "  Situtation Room " that his staff wants to digest the e-mails . He stressed that they were a selected set of documents as released and the committee is still seeking a range of other information . Opinion : Obama has explaining to do on Benghazi What the e-mails say September 14 , 2012 Page 6  11:15 a.m.  : The original talking points were sent by the CIA . Page 12  3:04 p.m.  : Talking points were sent to the White House 's Tommy Vietor  National Security Council spokesman  and Ben Rhodes  a top National Security aide  . Page 13  3:27 p.m.  : A top official with the CIA Office of Public Affairs says they 're working on the talking points , and "  will have further edits . " Page 15  4:42 p.m.  : CIA sends out a new draft for review before sending to the White House . Page 21  5:09 p.m.  : A version of talking points is sent to the White House and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence at 5:09 p.m. . This is the second draft of the talking points , when the reference to "  attack " was changed to "  demonstrations . " Page 26  6:21 p.m.  : The White House suggests adding the word "  Cairo " to the first bullet point . Page 28  6:33 p.m.  : Talking points are sent to the State Department . An administration official says the highlighted portions included the last sentence of the first bullet -- "  On 10 September we learned of social reports calling for a demonstration in front of Embassy CAIRO and that jihadists were threatening to break into the embassy . " A sentence in the second-to-last bullet was also highlighted . That sentence said "  The Agency has produced numerous pieces on the threat of extremists linked to al Qaeda in Benghazi and eastern Libya . " Page 29-30  6:41 p.m. ; 6:43 p.m.  : Office of the Director of National Intelligence proposes an edit : "  I 've been very careful not to say we issued a warning , " wrote Shawn S. Turner  a spokesman  . Page 32  6:52 p.m.  : White House national security staff send around their own edits , namely to the second bullet . Page 37  7:39 p.m.  : Then-State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland sends her e-mail flagging concerns about information contained in the bullet points revealing too much information . She also questions the point about the CIA 's previous warnings to the State Department about potential attacks in Benghazi . Page 38  7:51 p.m.  : The FBI weighs in with questions on particular pieces of intelligence . Page 48  8:58 p.m.  : CIA sends the latest draft in talking points , which they say take into account State Department and FBI concerns . Page 48-49  9:24 p.m.  : Nuland responds , saying the new draft 's talking points "  do n't resolve all my issues or those of my building leadership . They are consulting w NSS . " Page 51  9:25 p.m.  : State Department Official Jacob Sullivan says "  we 'll work through this in the morning and get comments back . " Page 58  9:44 p.m.  : Department of Justice officials are added to the e-mail chain . On the next day , a Saturday , officials from the State Department , CIA , FBI , the White House and the Justice Department convene at a "  deputies meeting . " According to an administration official , the meeting was not focused specifically on Benghazi or Libya , but rather on the broad violence , prompted by the anti-Muslim video throughout the Middle East and North Africa . The meeting centered on keeping Americans safe . Only at the very end were the talking points discussed , the administration official said . The administration official said Morell relayed that he was aware of some interagency concerns about talking points , and noted he had his own concerns . He said he would take a crack at editing them and would send them to those attending the deputies meeting . The administration official said then-Deputy National Security Adviser Denis McDonough thanked Morell . That was the total extent of the discussion of the Benghazi talking points at the meeting . Page 63 , From Saturday : after the meeting , Morell edited the document by hand . He reordered the talking points and struck out sections about CIA warnings to the State Department on possible demonstrations , and the outbreaks of violence in the region . He also removed the reference to Islamic extremists . Page 64  9:49 a.m.  : Original CIA drafter says the edits Morell made are "  fine with me . But , pretty sure HPSCI wo n't like them . :- " HPSCI refers to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence . Page 69-70  11:08 a.m.  New draft of talking points is circulated to agencies for clearance . Page 69-89  11:12 -12:43 a.m.  : Officials from various agencies sign off on the talking points . Page 74-76  11:25 -11:26 a.m.  : Officials from the State Department and the White House National Security Staff ask to change the reference in the first bullet point from "  US Consulate " to "  diplomatic post . " What the Obama administration has said about Benghazi	FIRST ON CNN : More than 100 pages of e-mails released in bid to quell critics The exchanges detail discussions between Obama administration officials The talking points requested by Congress have become a political flashpoint NEW : House committee chairman says e-mails are selected ; still wants other info
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- For years , small groups of Cuban dissidents have taken their demands to the streets , calling for political freedom as they get pushed around and shouted down by swarms of government supporters . But a recently leaked video suggests the war between the Communist government and its opponents has shifted to a new battlefield : the internet . The video shows what appears to be an official intelligence briefing , in which a lecturer talks about the dangers and possibilities of the web . "  We are n't fighting the new technology , " he tells his audience , who are dressed in the military uniforms worn by Cuba 's Interior Ministry officials . "  We simply have to get to know it and use it in our favor , but also know what the enemy is doing . " The 54-minute video was posted on the video-sharing website Vimeo by someone identified only as "  Coral Negro " and has since appeared on dozens of blogs , many of them critical of the Cuban government . CNN was n't able to verify the authenticity of the video . Although it was leaked this month , the video appears to have been recorded last summer , well before the social-media-fueled uprisings in North Africa and the Middle East . But for Cuba ¹ s dissident bloggers , there are plenty of parallels . Yoani Sanchez followed via Twitter the upheaval in Egypt that ultimately led to the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak and responded with her own tweets . "  What a great lesson the Egyptians are giving us ! " she wrote . Sanchez has won a huge global audience with her blog "  Generation Y , " which criticizes the Cuban government and comments on daily hardships . "  There are a lot of similarities with Egypt , " she told CNN Wednesday . "  The dissatisfaction of the people , a single voice in power for so long . And that 's why I was so enthusiastic about what was happening there . " But she said there are also very important differences -- namely Cuba 's low internet penetration . Recent figures show an estimated 1.6 million people there are internet users , out of a population of 11.2 million . According to the leaked video , the Cuban government 's fear is that U.S.-backed dissidents will use social networks like Twitter and Facebook to incite unrest . "  Technology in itself is n't a threat , " the lecturer says . "  What can be a threat is the person behind the technology , in the same way it can be an opportunity for us to do something with it . " Cuba has jailed American aid worker Alan Gross , who was a subcontractor for USAID . Cuban officials have accused him of distributing illegal satellite equipment to dissidents to help them connect to the internet . The State Department and Gross ' family say he was working with Jewish groups . Gross has been formally charged with "  acts against the independence and territorial integrity of Cuba " and could face up to 20 years in prison when his case goes to trial . In the leaked video , he 's called a "  mercenary . " "  It 's just like the Bay of Pigs invasion , " the lecturer says . "  But this man is coming with different weapons . He did n't come on a boat with a gun in his hand , but it 's the same story . " Nonetheless , Cuba is n't turning its back on the internet . Dozens of pro-government blogs have also appeared , many of them written by journalists who work for state-run media . "  They have their bloggers and we have our bloggers , " the unidentified man in the video says at one point . "  We 'll see who comes out stronger . " For years , the government blamed the U.S. embargo for restricted access to the internet , but this month , it completed an undersea fiber optic cable connecting the island to Venezuela . When that network goes online this summer , Cuba 's bandwidth will increase by 3000 . But the question remains whether Cubans will be allowed unlimited access to it without restrictions . Cuba currently accesses the internet via expensive satellite connections . As a result , the government has said it can not offer internet access to the broader population , lacking the money to create the necessary infrastructure to support it . It has given priority to education and health workers , who often can only access a limited intranet . The government also provides connections at very high costs to foreign diplomats , businesses and journalists .	A leaked video appears to show an intelligence briefing about the internet The lecturer says the government must use the internet to its advantage Only a small percentage of Cubans have unrestricted internet access
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William and his bride-to-be Kate Middleton , returned to the scene of their early romance Friday , visiting St. Andrews University in Fife , Scotland . As patron of the university 's 600th Anniversary Appeal , Prince William officially launched the event , viewing the surviving Papal Bull -- a series of letters issued by the pope in 1413 -- and unveiling a plaque in front of students and staff . Prince William , who is second line to the British throne , studied art history at St. Andrews when he first met Kate in 2001 . The pair grew closer after moving into a shared house with two other friends and were said to have started dating in late 2003 . They both graduated in 2005 . "  Catherine might be a bit emotional today , " said CNN royal contributor Mark Saunders . "  She came here  St. Andrews  as just as a normal student and she comes back today as a woman who will one day sit on the throne of England . "  This university claims it has the most student marriages of any university in Great Britain . My theory is , this is such a small town that there really is n't anything else to do but fall in love . " As a wedding present to the couple , the university has established a new scholarship in honor of its two graduates . "  We were very pleased to make the offer of this scholarship as a wedding gift ... and absolutely delighted that they have graciously accepted , " university principal and vice-chancellor Louise Richardson said in a statement . It is the second official engagement for the couple , who launched a lifeboat in Anglesey , north Wales yesterday . The pair currently resides in Anglesey while Prince William serves as an RAF search and rescue helicopter pilot . Their first official engagement was said to be deliberately low-key , in order to ease Middleton into royal life .	Prince William and Kate have returned to St. Andrews University It 's their second official engagement together and their first in Scotland The couple met when studying art history at the university in 2001
CNN  -- Every remake is subjected to side-by-side comparisons and the criticism that comes along with them , but "  Sparkle " is something of a special case . After its release in 1976 , the film became revered in some African-American households and beloved by audiences . The movie centered on the characters of Sister , Sparkle and Delores , three Harlemites in the late 1950s who find the road to stardom is not at all paved in gold . Written by Joel Schumacher from a story conceived by Howard Rosenman , and directed by Sam O'Steen , to say it has achieved cult status is n't an understatement . The three sisters , each spirited in their own way , formed a singing group with help from two friends of theirs from the neighborhood and church choir : Stix , the aspiring songwriter who also had an insatiable love for Sparkle , and Levi , an up-and-coming hustler . The sisters ' ascent , however , has devastating ripple effects . Screenwriter Mara Brock Akil , who penned the script for the 2012 remake and is also a co-producer , believes "  Sparkle " owes its longevity to the heft of its story and the filmmakers ' attention to detail . "  When you look at the original , especially in the context of when it was released and even throughout the years , the approach to these characters ' stories , they took them seriously , " Brock Akil said . "  They took their problems , their angst , their dreams , their hopes , their desires , their failures , seriously . They did n't have to tell jokes through it . That translates to the audience . " So when the film 's director , Salim Akil , who is also her husband , pitched her the opportunity to revive "  Sparkle 's " tale , Brock Akil admits she was a bit fearful of the wrath she might incur for tweaks made to the story 's original characterizations . But , she added , "  It was the fear that led me to do it . " "  I think anything that makes me feel that challenge , that 's exactly where I want to be , " Brock Akil said . "  It did give me pause , and Salim and I both were like , oh , heck no , we 're not doing this . But we were driving around talking about ` What if . ' ... And it was like we were already hooked and wanting to take on that challenge . " Take it on they did . For starters , Brock Akil said , she and Akil wanted to give the three sisters at the heart of the story more power . " -LSB- Salim -RSB- wanted the women to be empowered . He thought in the original that they were a little victimized . That 's one of the core changes that he wanted to make , and if that was the case , then he wanted to have me write it because I 'd been writing about women in my work -- our empowerment , our vulnerabilities , our humanity and all those sorts of things , and he thought I 'd do a good job with that , " Brock Akil said . Once she moved past her initial trepidation , "  The Game " and "  Girlfriends " creator was excited by the possibilities . The story is now set in Detroit in 1968 , and rather than do a spin on the "  rags-to-riches " concept the original explored , the family is now a part of a thriving black middle class . Brock Akil said she and her husband , who led the charge for the new vision , re-imagined the film 's mother character as an entrepreneur rather than the housekeeper named Effie who actress Mary Alice played in ' 76 . In a role filled by the late Whitney Houston , the new "  Sparkle 's " mother , Emma , is a former R&B singer whose mistakes and trials in the music industry led her to turn away from that world and embrace the church . Emma , now a dressmaker , also has the means to "  provide a certain life , an aspirational American dream life , " Brock Akil said , something Detroit has exemplified . "  It was hard being there knowing what a great city this was , " Brock Akil added , "  a great American city that was thriving because of the car industry , because of Motown . It was n't foreign for a black person to live that . ... It was very important for us -LSB- to show that -RSB- . " Although this is a period film , Brock Akil knew that this also needed to be a story for the modern woman . Instead of simply being a singer , Sparkle is now a singer/songwriter who can draw comparisons to legend Smokey Robinson . The third sister , Delores , who in the original often gave voice to the racial injustices of the time , is now focused on a future in medicine . "  The Dee character , I 'm very proud of this character and the changes I 've made . She got the best out of -LSB- her mother -RSB- Emma , " Brock Akil said . "  I think that Dee is now an aspiring doctor , and music is just something fun to do . " In addition to creating more empowered female characters and setting the story in a period filled with the hope for societal changes to come , it was also important to director Akil to re-cast the movie 's villain , Satin . Played by Tony King in the original , the character was a violent yet alluring high-living hustler who had no qualms about physically assaulting or verbally debasing women . Portrayed by Mike Epps in the remake , the role of Satin is now "  a bit of a commentary on how much do you sell yourself out to entertain , " Brock Akil said . "  We made sure the Satin character got all his riches making jokes off the black community and selling it to the white community , and he 's living a really wonderful life , but inside , he 's torn up , he 's insecure . And that energy has to come out somewhere , and unfortunately it comes out on Sister in a domestic violence way . " What of Sister , the tough-talking scene-stealer who in the original had a persistent thirst for the riches in life ? "  People love Sister ; you ca n't mess with Sister too much , " Brock Akil said with a laugh . "  I certainly tried to answer what was motivating her , and what she was trying to do . " Adding in these details , she added , "  was a lot of fun for me , and I hope it translates to the audience . "	Mara Brock Akil wrote the script for the remake of "  Sparkle " She says she feared backlash from fans who loved the original There are some slight tweaks to the characters in the 2012 version
CNN  ISIS militants in northern Syria released 19 Assyrian Christian hostages Sunday , an activist group said . According to the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , all but one of the hostages were among the at least 220 Assyrians captured on February 23 during an attack on villages in the northern Syrian province of al-Hasakah . The Syrian Observatory had said previously that a self-proclaimed ISIS court ordered the release of 29 Assyrian Christian hostages , citing an Assyrian commander . The reasoning behind the release was not immediately clear . It was also not clear why only 19 people were let go Sunday . The "  court " told the commander that the fate of the other kidnapped Assyrians has yet to be decided by ISIS Sharia jurists . When the decision was announced that at least some of the hostages would be released , Graeme Wood , with The Atlantic , said he was pleased to hear about it , but not entirely surprised . "  ISIS has claimed for a long time to follow rules , and it claims that these Sharia courts will impose limits , " he told CNN . "  They can attempt to get credibility by showing that they follow rules and that they have some kind of transparent process that follows their particular implementation of Sharia law . " Also this weekend , the Syrian Observatory reported that ISIS has killed 1,969 people , since the declaration of its "  caliphate " last June . Nearly two-thirds of them -- 1,238 people -- were civilians . Six were children and eight were women , the group said . Of the rest , 95 were fighters from the al Qaeda-affiliated rebel group al-Nusra Front , the Syrian Observatory said , and 511 were officers and soldiers of regime forces . ISIS also executed 125 of its own members for "  exceeding the limits in religion , " the Syrian Observatory said . "  We in SOHR believe that the real number of people that had been killed by  ISIS  is higher than the number documented by SOHR because there are hundreds of missing and detainees inside the  ISIS  jails , loss of communication with about 1,000 men of al-Shaitaat tribe ,  and  dozens of Kurds who have still been missing " since ISIS attacked the Syrian town of Kobani in September . Samira Said reported from Abu Dhabi . Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Melissa Gray also contributed to this report .	It 's unclear what will become of the other kidnapped Assyrians Syrian Observatory : ISIS has executed nearly 2,000 people since June
CNN  -- Richard Jewell , the security guard wrongly suspected and later cleared of setting off a deadly bomb at Atlanta , Georgia 's Centennial Olympic Park during the 1996 Olympics , died Wednesday morning , his attorney , Lin Wood , told CNN . Richard Jewell , who was wrongly suspected of setting off a bomb during the 1996 Olympics , has died . Jewell , 44 , died of natural causes at his home in Woodbury , Georgia , according to Meriwether County Coroner Johnny Worley . Jewell had been suffering from diabetes and kidney failure since February , Worley said . Worley is working with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation on the autopsy , which should be completed Thursday afternoon . No foul play is suspected , he said . Watch friends remember Jewell as dedicated " After 12 weeks of scrutiny following the bombing , Jewell was cleared by the FBI and U.S. Attorney Kent Alexander in an unprecedented government acknowledgment of wrongful accusation . "  I am not the Olympic Park bomber , " Jewell told reporters after being cleared . "  I am a man who has lived 88 days afraid of being arrested for a crime I did not commit . " The FBI , Jewell said , trampled on his rights "  in its rush to show the world it could get its man , " while the news media "  cared nothing about my feelings as a human being " in its rush to get a story on the bombing . Jewell was working as a private security guard in Centennial Olympic Park about 1 a.m. on July 27 when he noticed a suspicious unidentified package and began moving people away from it . The package turned out to contain a bomb , which eventually killed one person and wounded more than 100 . Initially hailed a hero for moving people away , he was later cast in a different light when the FBI began investigating whether he had set off the bomb to give himself an opportunity to be a hero . For weeks , reporters and camera crews camped outside Jewell 's Atlanta apartment , capturing every move that he -- and the FBI -- made . He later sued the FBI and several media organizations . CNN and NBC were among the organizations that settled with him . In April , 2005 , Eric Robert Rudolph pleaded guilty to the bombing . Rudolph was captured in Murphy , North Carolina , in May 2003 after one of the largest manhunts in U.S. history . Rudolph also pleaded guilty to the 1998 bombing of a family planning clinic in Birmingham , Alabama , that killed a police officer and two 1997 bombings at an abortion clinic and a gay nightclub in Georgia . He is serving four consecutive life sentences plus 120 years for the convictions . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Marylynn Ryan contributed to this story .	Richard Jewell , 44 , has died , his attorney tells CNN Jewell wrongly suspected of setting off a deadly bomb during 1996 Olympics Jewell was cleared after 12 weeks of scrutiny In April , 2005 , Eric Robert Rudolph pleaded guilty to the bombing
CNN  -- Four ferries carrying about 1,000 passengers have been freed from heavy ice off the coast of Sweden and were back in port Friday , said the Maritime Search and Rescue Center . Arctic winds hampered icebreakers ' efforts to free the ferries and at least 30 other ships from the icy grip of the Baltic Sea on Thursday , according to Birger Knutsson , a spokesman for the maritime center , in Gothenburg , Sweden . The area with the worst ice was bounded by mainland Sweden , the Stockholm archipelago and the Finnish island of Aland , according to the Swedish Maritime Administration . "  It has been a lot colder than normal in the southern parts of the Baltic Sea . But in the north , all is normal , with normal levels of ice , " said Tommy Gardebring with the maritime group . "  However , in the worst-affected areas , the icebreakers that normally operate have n't been able to cope with the ice . "  There was never any danger for the safety of the vessels . But we have increased our preparedness , just in case , since the ice puts a lot of pressure on the sides of the ships , " Gardebring said . CNN 's Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report	Arctic winds and exceptionally cold weather hampered efforts to free the ferries Ferries were carrying about 1,000 passengers Swedish maritime spokesman expects most of the ships will be freed by Friday
CNN  -- Not long ago I received a complaint from a co-worker that I had used the f-word in a tweet . I was quoting a lyric from the band Vampire Weekend : "  Who gives a f -- about an Oxford comma ? " My answer was , of course , "  I do . " The full quote , without the fig leaf , appears in my book "  The Glamour of Grammar . " I come by my f-wordiness honestly . My grandmother used it easily and could swear in three languages . My mother -- at the age of 94 -- drops an f-bomb in every telephone conversation . During a trivia game at her assisted living home , she could not think of the name of Peter , Paul , and Mary 's magic dragon , so she blurted : "  F -- the Magic Dragon , " which now has become the family 's official title for the song . The f-word is almost everywhere . While still not fit for polite society , it no longer carries the depth of taboo attributed to it in 1978 by that hero of foul mouthery George Carlin , who said in a comic monologue : "  The big one , the word f -- , that 's the one that hangs them up the most . " Its common usage in popular culture today may have transformed it into one of the most versatile words in American English . It might qualify as the word of the new century . But is that a good thing ? Setting records on screen The recent opening of the Martin Scorsese film "  The Wolf of Wall Street " has inspired critical and popular complaints about its excesses , including its language . I have not yet seen the film , but am grateful to the dirty word counters , who have recorded a total of 506 uses of the f-word in the three-hour movie . Wikipedia , Variety , Time and various other sources cite this as a record for a non-documentary film , beating Spike Lee 's "  Summer of Sam "  435  , and two earlier Scorsese projects : "  Casino "  422  and "  Goodfellas "  300  . Versions of the f-word appear so often in "  Wolf " that an accurate count might be impossible . Slate 's total comes in at 544 .  I hope I do n't see a Politifact report contesting these numbers . "  Summer of Sam " appears to keep the record for most fpm : f-words per minute , at 3.1 . "  Wolf " does beat "  Casino " on this metric . In his mischievous book of lists , Karl Shaw calculates that a viewer of "  Casino " will hear the f-word on the average of 2.4 times per minute . For "  Wolf " it 's 2.8 times . How things have changed . I remember with surprising clarity the first time I used the f-word . One of the Masterson brothers told me a joke , and he thought it was so funny I ran home to tell my mother . She did n't laugh and made me repeat it to my father . It was 1956 or so . I was , maybe , 8 years old . Things did not go well . I went to work with my dad one day , a United States Customs officer on one of the New York piers . A group of men stood inside , including some rough-looking longshoremen , who dropped the f-word loudly and often into their gritty conversation . Several men , alerting them to my presence , told them to stick a cork in it . Even in their gruffness , they looked sheepish and apologetic . First encounters I remember exactly where I was standing the first time I heard a girl my age use the f-word . It was 1967 and I was a sophomore in college . She sat on the ground , a hippie chick , smoking and grousing about her inability to score tickets for the Newport Folk Festival . And I know exactly where I first encountered the f-word in print . I was a freshman in high school , and the book was called "  The Catcher in the Rye , " a work on many lists of the most often banned books . J.D. Salinger uses the word five times in "  Catcher " with great power and specificity . I still own the book where I underlined each use of the word . I remember the teachers who tried to convince me that the main problem with the f-word was not its power to offend , but the evidence it gave of your limited vocabulary . I blew that criticism off back then , but I 'm beginning to think they were on to something . Not that the f-word is n't an amazingly versatile piece of our four-letter Anglo-Saxon heritage . Think about it . It can express surprise , outrage , anger , humor , delight or desire . And it can stand in for several parts of speech : noun , verb  in any tense  , gerund , participle , imperative , interrogative , interjection , to mention just the most common uses . It can be used with other little prepositional helpers . You can f -- with someone 's mind . You can be too f -- ed up to walk . You can get f -- ed over by the IRS . A rare language form Let 's not forget use of the f-word as one of the rarest of language forms , the infix . A prefix comes before a word . A suffix comes after . An infix appears in the middle of a normal word or phrase , as in "  You are damn f -- ing right . " Or "  un-f -- ing-believable . " Or as they like to moan in Boston when thinking of the New York Yankees victory in the 1978 playoff game : "  Bucky F -- ing Dent ! " It was the light-hitting Dent 's timely home run that ruined the Red Sox season . All this and more is chronicled in the recent 270-page lexicon titled "  The F-Word , " by Jesse Sheidlower , editor at large of the Oxford English Dictionary . Lex meets sex . Perhaps the ultimate expression of the f-word 's versatility comes in a famous scene from David Simon 's HBO series "  The Wire " in which two detectives explore a crime scene . The scene takes less than four minutes , during which the cops use versions of the f-word , by my count , 34 times . It is the only word used in the scene . As they look at crime scene photos of naked and murdered women , the word expresses disgust . As they examine the conflicting evidence , the word describes frustration . As they begin to piece things together , it describes mounting excitement . When they find a key piece of evidence , it is a word of celebration . Offensive from the beginning The f-word has a long history , and , unlike some other taboo words , seems to have been offensive from the start . Just as newspapers and this website put a veil over the word by eliminating some letters , the earliest known version of the word in English was written in code . According to the American Heritage Dictionary , an English poem dated about 1500 makes fun of clerics who do n't keep their vows , including a line that translates : "  They are not in heaven because they f -- wives of Ely "  a town near Cambridge  . In the text , the f-word appears in the form of a letter substitution code . Though still considered vulgar slang , the f-word is more prevalent than ever , and is often cited as evidence of the coarsening of our culture . The publisher of "  The Naked and The Dead " asked Norman Mailer to substitute "  fug " in 1947 . Six decades later , the f-word is a staple in hip-hop music , stand-up comedy routines , locker room harangues , pornographic repartee , and any movie or cable television series that tries to portray gritty , realistic dialogue . Cops use it , thugs use it , even grads with Ph.Ds use it . I am making the case that , given its ubiquity and versatility , the "  f-word " is one of the most important words of the 21st century , which is why we should pay close attention to how it can be used well . In previous essays on language , I have offered these justifications for dropping the occasional f-bomb : 1 . As an authentic expression of realistic human speech . 2 . As a single , shocking , almost-out-of context blow to the solar plexus . 3 . As a neutralizer to the poison of piety , fastidiousness and erudition . 4 . As a way of defining character . None other than Theodore Bernstein , the influential style czar of The New York Times , once published this opinion : "  There is not ... a single transitive verb in respectable or even in scientific language that expresses the idea of the slang verb f -- . " Using and overusing the f-word Perhaps the most moving use of the f-word I ever encountered came in the documentary 9/11 by two French brothers , who were telling the story of a firehouse in New York . During the filming , two jetliners flew into the Twin Towers , changing the way Americans look at the world . Even though the show ran on commercial television , we were given a chance to hear , uncensored , the rough emotional language of a fraternity of brave men facing their greatest challenge . Real life . There is a numbing quality to overuse of the f-word . Shock and stark realism can be created without it . You wo n't find it in the novel "  The Great Gatsby , " or the recent film version , which , like "  Wolf , " stars Leonardo DiCaprio . I do n't remember hearing it in a Jerry Seinfeld monologue . I like it best when it is used rarely and in a perfect context , as when it comes out of the mouth of the character Walter White , the high school chemistry teacher who becomes the drug lord of "  Breaking Bad . " When he first utters it in rage and frustration at a moment of great pain , it has as much power as a gun blast . It works best when delivered at just the right dramatic moment . To keep up with the Scorsese rate , the characters in "  Breaking Bad " would have to utter the f-word about 140 times -- in each 47-minute episode . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roy Peter Clark .	Roy Peter Clark notes that "  Wolf of Wall Street " uses f-word hundreds of times He says the word has become more acceptable , though still not fit for polite society The f-word is one of the most versatile words in the English language , he says Clark : There 's a numbing quality to overuse of the f-word
London  CNN  -- A tiny nano-sized car which can propel itself forward in response to electrical pulses has been created by scientists in the Netherlands . The electric-powered vehicle , which is the size of a single molecule , has a chassis and four paddle-shaped wheels and is roughly one-billionth the size of a traditional hatchback car . Its maiden journey was n't exactly epic -- six nanometers -- and its fuel-efficiency was n't world-beating either , needing a jolt of 500 millivolts every half revolution of its wheels . But it 's an important milestone in nanotech research  the science of manipulating matter at molecular scale  , say scientists , because it demonstrates that single molecules can absorb external electrical energy and turn this into targeted motion . "  To build the nanotechnology of the future like nanorobots , machines and transporters you need something to fuel it . So there is a great incentive to build motors at the nanoscale , " said Ben Feringa , professor of organic chemistry at the University of Groningen , and one of the authors of the research . "  There are many nanosystems built from all kinds of materials , but this is , as far as we can tell , the first time a nanomotor has been used to propel something by fueling it . " The fuel in this instance came from a scanning tunnelling microscope  STP  with its atom-sized stylus acting as an electrode allowing electricity to flow from its tip to the surface beneath it , Feringa says . "  When there is a molecule , the current goes through it and electricity excites the motor which drives the car forward , " Feringa said . The discovery , say scientists , takes them a step closer to understanding and ultimately mimicking nature 's highly efficient molecular robots . "  In living cells there are a whole variety of molecule motors that are involved in almost every important biological process like cell division and transport , and mobility in our muscles , " Feringa said . The world 's smallest synthetic motor was created by Alex Zettl , professor of physics at University of California , Berkeley in 2003 while the first nano car  without a motor  was built by James Tour in 2005 . "  The Feringa team is to be congratulated for their excellent work , " said Tour , a professor of chemistry at Rice University , Texas . "  It will certainly propel the field to a higher level of sophistication with the eventual goal of synthetic molecular machines being used for controlled transport and ex vivo  in an artificial environment outside an organism  bottom-up assembly ... " he added . But it 's still early days and Feringa says he feels a bit like the Wright Brothers , likening the nano car to their "  fairly awkward-looking primitive plane " when compared to the passenger jets of today . "  It 's very difficult to know where the future will go and ultimately the systems will be different . But first you have to find the fundamental principles . That makes things possible , " he said . The research , which was completed in conjunction with scientists from the Swiss Federal Laboratories for Materials Science and Technology  Empa  is published in the journal Nature .	Dutch scientists create the smallest vehicle in the world Nano car is the first to be powered by electricity Car traveled a distance of six nano meters Scientists hope nanomotors will power nanorobots of the future
CNN  The danger in Syria has gotten so bad that even ancient remains -- and the Turkish soldiers who guard them -- had to be removed . About 40 Turkish soldiers watching over the Tomb of Suleyman Shah in northern Syria have been evacuated amid the continuing security crisis , Turkish officials said . "  The ongoing conflict and state of chaos in Syria posed serious risks to safety and security of the tomb , the Turkish Foreign Ministry said in a statement . One soldier was killed in an accident , a Turkish government official said . No other details were released . The tomb is 37 kilometers  23 miles  from Turkey , near the Euphrates River . Even though the tomb is in Syria , it is considered a Turkish exclave . Shah , the grandfather of the founder of the Ottoman Empire , reportedly died near the Euphrates River in the 13 century . As part of the Treaty of Ankara in 1921 , Turkey was allowed to keep the tomb in Syria , raise a Turkish flag over it and place guards at the white marble mausoleum . Last March , when ISIS began to take villages and towns surrounding the tomb , Turkey deployed special forces soldiers to guard it . But on Saturday night , even they had to leave -- along with Shah 's coffin . The tomb and the sarcophagus were temporarily moved to a new site within Syria close to the Turkish borders , the Foreign Ministry said . It said the new site has the same acreage as the previous one . "  The temporary relocation of the tomb , conducted on the basis of security assessments , does not constitute any change on the status of the tomb and its annex stated by the agreements , " it said .	The 700-year-old remains of Suleyman Shah are moved from a tomb in northern Syria In recent months , ISIS started taking over villages and towns surrounding the tomb
CNN  -- Microsoft is taking its last big step before releasing what promises to be a massive overhaul of its Windows operating system -- and , by extension , how almost all devices running it work . Nearing the end of a long process of tinkering under the hood , the computing giant on Friday rolled out its final preview of Windows 8 , which is expected to go on sale this fall . "  Since our first preview release last September , millions of people now use the pre-release product on a daily basis and millions more have been taking it through its paces , totaling hundreds of millions of hours of testing , " Microsoft 's Steven Sinofsky wrote Friday on the Windows 8 blog . "  We genuinely appreciate the effort that so many have put into pre-release testing , and of course , we appreciate the feedback too . Direct feedback and feedback through usage contributed to hundreds of visible changes in the product and tens of thousands of under-the-hood changes . " The post said Microsoft has received about 18,000 comments from 7,000 early testers of Windows 8 , which have contributed to "  hundreds of visible changes in the product and tens of thousands of under-the-hood changes . " The release will mark the first major update of Microsoft 's operating system since Windows 7 was released three years ago . Unlike previous releases that have , essentially , revamped  or , in at least one case , mercifully killed  existing features , Microsoft is touting Windows 8 as a radical reimagining of its core product . Perhaps its most visible difference from previous versions of Windows will be its compatibility with touchscreen technology . That , combined with the system 's ability to connect devices  say , a PC , a tablet and a Xbox gaming console  is what Microsoft hopes will renew the enduring Mac vs. PC war on a new front . "  In our hands-on of Microsoft 's Consumer Preview , we declared that your familiar Windows desktop is all but dead , " Alexandra Chang wrote Friday for Wired . "  In the changes we 've seen in the Release Preview , this still holds true , " she added . "  Microsoft is focused on improving and deepening the Metro -LSB- the system 's design language -RSB- experience , where the desktop is only a portion -- or even an afterthought , for some users -- of a larger , app-based system . " The company has made something of a ripple with its smartphone system , at least among critics . The recently released Nokia Lumia 900 has been heralded as the best Windows phone ever , although , as of March , only about 4 % of U.S. smartphones ran the company 's operating system .  For what it 's worth , that 's a month before the Lumia was released . But Microsoft has barely moved the needle in the tablet space , where Apple still rules the roost , and only a simpler and less expensive device like Amazon 's Kindle Fire has been able to put up much resistance . Even as the final Windows 8 trial was being announced , reports were surfacing that Asus , Toshiba and Acer all plan to unveil Windows tablets next week at the Computex trade show in Taipei . Meanwhile , many in the tech world are watching and waiting . With its prowess in the computing world , it 's impossible to count Microsoft out . But with Apple and Google 's Android system grabbing the attention and market share in the mobile world , Microsoft appears to have an uphill battle . "  There 's a long , narrow road ahead for Windows 8 , " reviewer Seth Rosenblatt wrote for CNET . "  It could be the next big thing , but there 's not much room for missteps . "	Microsoft rolls out its final preview version of Windows 8 The operating system is a massive overhaul of Windows It 's considered the company 's way of moving into the tablet market Windows 8 also will connect PCs , tablets and phones
CNN  -- Actress Mariska Hargitay went to a hospital for tests Wednesday after she "  experienced some discomfort " related to the collapsed lung she suffered in January , her publicist said . Mariska Hargitay plays Olivia Benson on "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit . " "  She is undergoing routine tests and expects to be feeling better soon , " Leslie Sloane said in an e-mailed statement . Hargitay stars as Detective Olivia Benson in "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit . " "  Production will not be affected , " Sloane said .	Mariska Hargitay in hospital for tests related to collapsed lung Actress suffered collapsed lung in January Hargitay is star of "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit "
CNN  -- You may inadvertently be getting more than you bargained for when you put paprika in your chicken paprikash . A new Food and Drug Administration report , "  Pathogens and Filth in Spices , " says that 12 % of U.S. spice imports are contaminated with bug parts , rodent hairs and other ingredients more appropriate to a witches ' brew than your mother 's favorite recipe . The FDA study also found that 7 % of spice imports the inspectors examined were contaminated with salmonella . Salmonella are toxic bacteria that can trigger diarrhea , fever , and abdominal cramps . The amount of "  filth " the FDA found in imported spice was twice that found in other kinds of imported food . The report characterized this as a "  systemic challenge . " The agency conducted the research to figure out what kind of risks the contamination poses to the American public and what the FDA can do to lower any kind of health risks . There is good news , however , regardless of the ick factor . The study did find that only a tiny fraction of the American public has gotten sick from spices . In the 37 years of records examined , it found only 14 outbreaks worldwide associated with spices and seasonings , resulting in fewer than 2,000 human illnesses and 128 hospitalizations . The FDA characterized that as a "  relatively small number of outbreaks " compared to other foodborne illness . The FDA says the issue may be underreported . Patients often forget to list spices when they describe what they ate before they became sick . People also eat spices in such tiny quantities that there is less exposure to pathogens than with food which is eaten in larger servings . "  We would agree ready-to-eat spices should be clean and meet FDA standards and be pathogen-free , " said Cheryl Deem , executive director of the American Spice Trade Association . "  We did find it really interesting that the FDA said they were going to use this report to develop a plan to reduce illness , but if you look at the data we do n't think that 's a significant problem . That 's a small number of illnesses . " 22,000 pounds of meat recalled ; possible Listeria The report points out most of the contamination likely comes from what it describes as "  poor storage practices . " Deem said it is not a big surprise the FDA would find some issues with spices that arrive in the United States in raw form . Tests did not distinguish between the ready-to-eat product that has been cleaned overseas or the raw product . Spice can come to the U.S. cleaned and bottled in another country , or in big sacks and containers that then go to a commercial facility , Deem said . At the facility the spice is cleaned in what 's called a "  microbial reduction process , " in which the spice is cleaned several times to get rid of the sticks and stones and those scary-sounding bug parts . Since most spices can not be grown in the United States , much of the supply comes from countries like India and Mexico -- the two countries that have the highest rate of contamination . Deem said much of the spice that comes into the U.S. comes through a complex supply chain . That 's where contamination can enter , she said , starting with the small farmers who gather the crop , dry it and then often store it until they need the cash . It then goes to a collector where it is again stored until there is enough of a supply from local farmers . Only then is it shipped to a bigger facility for treatment . "  It goes through some very small hands before it gets to the first processing stage , " Deem said . The Spice Board of India is currently working directly with farmers to put additional safety practices in place and to lower the risk of contamination , the FDA said . The agency has provided some food safety training in India , as has the American Spice Trade Association . The FDA says it has increased its inspections of spice facilities and will take further action to strengthen the spice safety net . Fast facts on Salmonella	Twice as much contamination found in imported spices as other imports "  Pathogens and Filth in Spices " also found salmonella in 7 % of spices tested Contaminated spices have caused "  relatively small " outbreaks of illness , FDA says
CNN  -- John Travolta and Kelly Preston have returned to Ocala , Florida , with the remains of their teenage son , a family friend told CNN on Tuesday . Actors John Travolta and Kelly Preston say they are "  heartbroken " over their son 's death . They left the Bahamas late Monday night , said Obie Wilchcombe , a member of the Bahamian parliament . An autopsy was conducted Monday in the Bahamas on the body of the couple 's son , Jett Travolta . The 16-year-old was found unconscious Friday while on vacation with his family in the Bahamas ' West End . He was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead on arrival , local police said . The autopsy results have not been released , but employees of the funeral home that handled the remains said "  seizure " was listed as the cause of death on the death certificate , celebrity Web site TMZ reported . Watch the latest reports on Jett Travolta " An employee who answered the telephone at the funeral home confirmed the report . The funeral home said "  The body was in great condition and shows no sign of head trauma , " TMZ reported . TMZ is partly owned by AOL , part of CNN 's parent company , Time Warner . The family 's doctor observed the autopsy , Wilchcombe told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Monday . The body was cremated , Wilchcombe said Monday . He said Tuesday that a memorial service was planned for Thursday . Funeral plans have not been announced . In a statement posted on the actor 's Web site , Travolta and Preston described Jett as "  the most wonderful son that two parents could ever ask for -LSB- who -RSB- lit up the lives of everyone he encountered . " "  We are heartbroken that our time with him was so brief , " they said . The couple also has a daughter , Ella , 8 . Jett Travolta had a developmental disability that his parents have linked to Kawasaki disease , an inflammatory disorder of the artery walls that most commonly occurs in young children , and that can lead to heart disease . According to the American Heart Association , "  About 80 percent of the people with Kawasaki disease are under age 5 . Children over age 8 are rarely affected . " "  They 're just a fantastic couple , very family oriented like a lot of people in our community , " Ocala Mayor Randy Ewers , told Larry King . "  We 're very sad about the unfortunate events for one of our community members ... they 're part of the community . " Neighbor Jacob Urbowicz described the actor as "  just one of us . " "  He may be famous , but he 's just one of us here in the neighborhood . You know , we see the kids , and they see our kids . We 're all one family here , you know . It 's just not something that 's supposed to happen , " Urbowicz told CNN affiliate WESH-TV . Urbowicz said he remembers Jett Travolta as a happy teenager , the television station reported .	Seizure listed as cause of death on death certificate , TMZ.com reports Jett Travolta 's autopsy was performed Monday in the Bahamas His body has been cremated , memorial scheduled for Thursday , family friend says Teen 's parents say he had developmental disability linked to inflammatory disease
CNN  -- A Sudanese journalist could receive 40 lashings after she was caught wearing trousers . Lubna al-Hussein was arrested with 18 other women this month for wearing indecent clothes . A Sudanese court began hearing Lubna al-Hussein 's case Wednesday . It will continue the hearing August 4 . At the time of her arrest , she was wearing pants , a blouse and a hijab , she said . Police accused her of wearing trousers that were too tight and alleged that her blouse was too transparent , al-Hussein said . Al-Hussein , who works for a newspaper and the media department of the United Nations mission in Sudan , said she did nothing wrong . She has been released to her home in Khartoum . The crime of wearing indecent attire has only one punishment under Sudanese law , a 40-stroke public flogging , according to the Arabic Network for Human Rights Information . "  This case is the official retaliation against the reporter for her writings criticizing the Sudanese regime and extremists , " the organization said in a statement . Al-Hussein was arrested along with 18 others July 3 after Sudan 's "  discipline police " accused the women of wearing indecent clothes , al-Hussein said . Six were released , and 10 received the 40 lashes , she said . Al-Hussein and two others fought the charges and hired attorneys , she said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon spoke out against the decision Wednesday , saying he was "  deeply concerned " and would take every effort to protect his staff member . "  The flogging is against the international human rights standards , " he said . "  I call on all parties to live up to their obligations under all relevant international instruments . " CNN 's Umaro Djau , Talia Kayali and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report .	Lubna al-Hussein 's case is scheduled to continue August 4 Al-Hussein , 18 others were rounded up this month for wearing indecent clothes Ten arrestees have received 40 lashes , al-Hussein says Al-Hussein was told her pants were too tight , her blouse too transparent
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Britain 's decision to expel Moammar Gadhafi 's diplomats from London ensures that the bloody test of wills in Libya will grind on for weeks , if not months to come . Barely 15 days ago , there was optimism from regime insiders here in Tripoli that a deal was in the works to resolve the five-month conflict . Perhaps this was because the Muslim holy month of Ramadan was fast approaching , and with it , an anticipated slow-down in fighting on the front-lines . Also , the regime was engaged in talks on multiple fronts with its European , American , and Libyan opponents . Developments over the last two weeks appear to have killed those hopes . First , the United States joined the growing list of countries officially declaring the rebel council based in Benghazi the "  legitimate governing authority for Libya . " A day after Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made the announcement in Istanbul , Turkey , the message was personally delivered during a round of secret talks in Tunisia . The Americans said they had one message for the Libyans , "  Gadhafi must go . " At roughly the same time , the Benghazi-based rebels mounted an attack on the eastern front , against the long-contested oil town of al-Brega . Gadhafi 's main spokesman accused the NATO military alliance of assisting rebels in the assault . He also drew a rhetorical line in the sand around al-Brega , declaring dramatically , "  We will kill , we will die for oil . You come to get our oil , we will destroy you . " Since then , the rebel advance on al-Brega has slowed , reportedly due to deadly fields of land mines . The rebels admit hundreds of their fighters were killed and wounded during a week of fighting around al-Brega , which Ibrahim grandiloquently re-branded "  Libya 's Stalingrad . " Meanwhile , the Tripoli regime has been staging large rallies in support of its embattled leader . Enthusiastic , flag-waving crowds thronged the central squares of different regime-controlled towns and cities . Partisans swore allegiance to Gadhafi and defiantly fired volleys of gunfire in the air . State TV provided blanket coverage of the events , labeling them "  million man marches . " The size of the rallies has been the subject of heated debate between foreign journalists and government officials . But there is no question that Tripoli has been shoring up popular support for the man who has ruled this country for more than 40 years . Government officials argue that the rallies prove Gadhafi is the democratic choice of the Libyan people , a position that the rebels have fought and bled to refute . Therein lies the main sticking point . The regime insists cease-fire first , then talks , while also adding that Gadhafi 's position as "  Brother Leader " is non-negotiable . Benghazi and NATO say no talks until Gadhafi goes . In recent days , both the rebels and officials in Paris , London and Washington softened their demands . They indicated one possible way out of the stalemate could include Gadhafi remaining in Libya , rather than going into exile . But Wednesday 's announcement by Britain 's top diplomat marked yet another escalation against Gadhafi and his cohorts . William Hague announced he would hand over Tripoli 's embassy -- as well as some of its frozen funds -- to the rebels in Benghazi . Gadhafi has never been this internationally isolated , even in the dark days of the eighties when Ronald Reagan famously labeled him "  mad dog of the middle east . " Turkey and even Germany , which abstained from the U.N. resolution authorizing the NATO operation in Libya , have both pledged to hand over hundreds of millions of dollars worth of regime assets to the rebels . Even tiny Malta , long described as the "  gateway to Libya , " has all but broken with the Tripoli regime . This week , the United Nations special envoy to Libya seemed to kill all hope for peace . After yet another round of shuttle diplomacy between the rebels and the regime , Abdul Ilah al-Khatib offered this grim assessment : "  Both sides remain far apart on reaching agreement on a political solution . " A senior Muslim cleric told CNN that in the month to come , loyalist soldiers could break their daily Ramadan to better fight against what the regime calls "  the colonialist , crusader aggression . " Ramadan begins in just a few days . Expect Libya 's holy month to be a bloody one .	There was optimism recently from regime insiders in Tripoli that a deal was in the works British move seen as escalation against Gadhafi Libya insists that a cease-fire must come first Rebels and their Western allies say Gadhafi must go
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China 's Health Ministry strengthened surveillance and dispatched specialists to the eastern Anhui province as the death toll from a virulent virus climbed to 22 , the Xinhua News Agency reported . A girl suffering from an Enterovirus 71 infection receives treatment this week in a Fuyang , China , hospital . The number of reported cases of the virus in children rose to 3,736 early Saturday in the hardest-hit city of Fuyang , according to the state-run news agency . There were 3,321 reported cases Friday in Fuyang . Xinhua reported that 4,529 children have been sickened in 15 cities in Anhui province . The virus -- called Enterovirus 71 , or EV71 -- can cause hand , foot and mouth disease . It 's often confused with foot-and-mouth disease in livestock , but the diseases are n't the same , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . An Anhui province official , Wang Yan , told Xinhua that 978 children are hospitalized , including 48 in critical condition . "  Authorities in Anhui ... are doing the utmost to treat the children and strengthen disease control , " he said . The virus is another concern for Chinese officials as the nation prepares to host the Summer Olympics , which open August 8 in Beijing . Anhui province is south of the Chinese capital . The Health Ministry issued a pamphlet Saturday urging local health bureaus to step up prevention and control of infectious diseases as the Olympics approach , Xinhua reported . In milder cases , EV71 can cause coldlike symptoms , diarrhea and sores on the hands , feet and mouth , according to the journal Genetic Vaccines and Therapy . But more severe cases can cause fluid to accumulate on the brain , resulting in polio-like paralysis and death , according to the journal . There is no effective antiviral treatment for severe EV71 infections , and no vaccine is available . Adults ' well-developed immune systems usually can fend off the virus , but children are vulnerable to it , according to the CDC . There was a large outbreak of the virus in Taiwan in 1998 with 78 deaths , and smaller outbreaks recurred in 2000 and 2001 , the CDC said . Wang Jinshan , secretary of the Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of China , visited hospitals in Fuyang on Friday and called for a long-term system to prevent such outbreaks , Xinhua said . In addition , 45 medical specialists have arrived in the city . Anhui has upgraded its public health emergency status from Class 3 to Class 2 , meaning the provincial government can quarantine patients and control movement in to and out of Fuyang . In a statement Friday , the World Health Organization noted that the number of hospitalized cases has gradually risen since late March , with a sharp increase in the number of cases since April 19 . Public health officials expect the number of cases to peak in June or July , the WHO said . "  Chinese health authorities have put in place targeted prevention and control measures in Fuyang city and Anhui province , including enhanced surveillance , training of health care workers at all levels in treatment , prevention and control , strengthening of environmental health management and the supervision and monitoring of drinking water quality , " the WHO statement said . "  A public awareness campaign is ongoing , stressing the need for good personal hygiene , mostly by hand washing . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Xinhua says 3,736 cases in kids in city of Fuyang , 4,529 in Anhui province NEW : Province south of Beijing upgrades health emergency to allow quarantines NEW : Virus can cause poliolike paralysis ; death toll at 22 Outbreak worries Chinese officials preparing for Beijing Olympics
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Costly and frequent travels to Singapore by Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe for medication were justified because the 87-year-old might be having "  complications , " his political rival and Zimbabwe 's Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai said Wednesday . "  The responsibility of the state is to look after its leaders . If the president is sick , he should be attended to , " said Tsvangirai responding to journalists who were eager to know why his and Mugabe 's travel expenses had reached $ 29 million dollars in eight months , according to government figures published quarterly . The figures represent an enormous sum for a country where the majority of the population struggles to have one meal a day . Official figures show Zimbabwe spends about $ 5 million a month . Mugabe 's and Tsvangirai 's travels consume more than $ 3.6 million a month , the figures show . When quizzed by journalists why the 87-year-old frequents Singapore which accounts for the bulk of the two 's travels , Tsvangirai said : "  Whether you like it or not he  Mugabe  may say I was sick and I had to go and seek medical attention . Who am I to question him ? I do not want to divulge  his real ailment  , what you are trying to draw me is to tell what ailment he is suffering from . Maybe the attention  Mugabe needs  is outside the country . Maybe we do not have the expertise  in Zimbabwe  . What do you want him to do ? He is not certainly suffering from malaria as you would understand , which we can obtain  treatment for  at the nearest hospital . There might be complications . " Mugabe , last week flew to Singapore for medical treatment for the eighth time this year , heightening concern over his health . In March , Mugabe 's office declared that he had undergone an eye operation to remove cataracts earlier in the year , and that he had just had "  a final review . " Last month Mugabe 's Zanu-PF party set up a committee to probe revelations contained in the WikiLeaks documents that party officials told U.S. diplomats that Mugabe had prostate cancer and would be dead by 2013 . The U.S. diplomatic cables indicate that information was allegedly conveyed to the U.S. officials by one of Mugabe 's allies , central bank head Gideon Gono . Gono has rejected the claims that Mugabe had prostate cancer .	Tsvangirai says travel by Mugabe is justified Public documents show $ 29 million in travel expenses in eight months Most of the travels are to Singapore
CNN  -- Cindy Haynes was 42 when she made her decision . All of her life she had been a wife and a mom . Now her kids were growing up ; her divorce was being finalized , and she had just landed her first real job . Lauren Hetrovicz , 21 , stands across the river from the Eiffel Tower in Paris , France . "  I decided that there were two groups of people in life , " Haynes said . "  Those people who went out and did and do , and those who dream about it and never really accomplish anything . I decided to be a doer . " Now 47 , Haynes has backpacked through Europe -- three times . She 's been to the top of Machu Picchu in Peru . She 's gone to China , New York City and a Yankees game . She has sung at the famous Cavern Club in Liverpool where the Beatles first met their manager , and she 's seen the Iditarod sled dog race in Alaska . "  I do n't want to get to my dying breath and wish I had done something , " Haynes said . "  I want to get to my dying breath and say ' I did it . I overcame it . I became it . ' No regrets . " The recent death of Dave Freeman , co-author of "  100 Things to Do Before You Die , " after hitting his head in a fall prompted iReport.com to ask users about places they do n't want to miss . Freeman visited about half the places on his list , his relatives told The Associated Press . Haynes is one of a number of iReporters who has ambitious travel dreams . She and others have taken cues from "  The Bucket List , " a 2007 movie starring Jack Nicholson and Morgan Freeman as terminally ill cancer patients who set off to achieve their lists of dreams before they die . These iReporters are writing down places they want to go and are starting to plan how to get there . Their "  things to do before I die " lists can include anything from watching more sunsets to climbing Mount Everest . See photos from iReporters ' "  Bucket List " trips " "  If you put your dreams and goals on paper and try to plan to accomplish them , you can make them a reality , " said Eric Shoen , a 31-year-old from Rochester , New York . Shoen meets with a friend once a year to rewrite their bucket lists -- crossing off things they 've accomplished and adding new ones . His travels have included the Grand Canyon in Arizona , Madrid and Barcelona in Spain and an economy bus tour through Italy  gelato included , of course !  . "  I take one day at a time , " Shoen said . "  If I die tomorrow , I hope people will say that I lived a full life and had fun doing it . " If someone had died on the Liston family 's most recent trip , they would have had to bury the body and come back for it later , TJ Liston said . The 48-year-old coach from Lynchburg , Virginia , took his wife , son , daughter , nephew and son 's girlfriend on a 10-day canoe trip in Labrador , Canada . All six joined a cook and a guide for a journey where humans rarely travel -- one that even the guide had n't been on in 10 years . "  There are n't very many places in the world where you 're going to go that are completely isolated and remote and still pristine , " Liston said . "  It 's the same kind of -LSB- area -RSB- the Indians went through 300 to 400 years ago . " While Lauren Hetrovicz often sticks more to tropical climates than the frozen tundra , she 's been more places in her 21 years of life than most people see in a lifetime . The recent college graduate has "  walked along the Great Wall of China , looked upon Paris from the height of the Eiffel Tower , horseback rode to an exploding volcano , saw the Christmas festival in Munich , Germany , gazed upon the Acropolis and the Parthenon in Athens , Greece , then kissed the Blarney Stone for luck near Cork , Ireland . " And that 's not even half of it . Hetrovicz studied abroad in four countries -- India , China , Costa Rica and Italy -- through her father 's generosity and a few scholarships . The Illinois native encourages everyone to broaden their international perspective . "  You 'll come back , most definitely , as a different person , " Hetrovicz said . "  I would say , dump the budget and travel to your dream destination because each day will pass and the opportunity will slip from your hands . "	People around the country are creating their own "  Bucket Lists " Lists can include anything from "  See more sunsets " to "  Climb Mount Everest " TJ Liston took his family on a 10-day canoe trip in Labrador , Canada Eric Shoen meets with a friend to revise his bucket list each year
The bitter fight over nominations resumes Thursday as Senate Republicans appear poised to try and block two of President Obama 's appointments , possibly triggering an angry backlash from Democrats . One is the President 's pick to be a judge on the highly influential U.S. Court of Appeals in Washington , D.C. . The other is a Democratic congressman the President wants to head the federal agency that oversees the mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . If Republicans succeed in blocking the two , Democrats might carry out a threat to change Senate rules over GOP objections , the so-called "  nuclear option , " to prevent future filibusters of presidential appointees . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Wednesday he was "  cautiously optimistic " Republicans would approve Patricia Millett to the appeals court , which is often considered second in importance to the Supreme Court . He declined to "  get into hypotheticals " before the votes take place about whether he 'd push for the rules changes . Republican aides were doubtful -- although not fully confident -- that at least five GOP senators would break with their party to support Millett . They said Sens. Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska might vote with Democrats to break the filibuster . If they did , that would still leave Democrats three votes shy of the 60 needed to break the filibuster . Senior Democratic aides seemed genuinely unsure of whether they would have enough votes to move Millett 's nomination , unusual on the eve of a key vote . Since Millett was chosen a few weeks ago , Republicans have said Democrats and the President are trying to change the balance on the court , which currently has four judges who were appointed by Democratic presidents and four judges who were appointed by Republican presidents . While there are currently three vacancies on the 11 seat bench , Republicans argue its workload is lighter than some other circuits and they would like to see vacancies filled elsewhere first . "  I think we 're not going to allow that court to be stacked , " said Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . "  She 'd be a fine judge , just put her somewhere else . " "  It 's clear they are trying to pack the court so they can have their judges pass legislation they can never get through the Congress , " said Sen. Orin Hatch , R-Utah . "  I do n't think Republicans are going to roll over on this . " Democrats argue the Republican effort to block Millett is a transparent attempt to preserve conservative influence on the appeals court . "  If this goes down , it 's just politics , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , who is pushing for Millett 's confirmation . "  This woman is superbly qualified . " Reid has been frustrated for years about Republicans slow-walking nominations and in the past has threatened the rules change , which Republicans warn would destroy cooperation in the chamber . But he 's held back despite pressure from many members and liberal interest groups to implement the controversial new rules that would allow approval of nominees with just a 51-vote majority . "  The pressure to change the rules will be almost insurmountable " if Republicans block Millett , Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , who chairs the Judiciary Committee said Tuesday . One top Republican leadership aide said he doubted Reid would change the rules . The aide said Reid also is under pressure to preserve the ability of Democrats to filibuster the nominees of future Republican presidents and he would n't want to throw that away over this appointment . The fight over Millett comes as part of a broader Democratic push this week on a series of Obama appointments . So far each of the executive branch nominees has been approved . But now there are doubts about Millett and Rep. Mel Watt , D-North Carolina , who the President picked to head the Federal Housing Finance Agency , which oversees the controversial mortgage entities Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac . Republicans have argued Watt is not independent enough and lacks the expertise to manage the complex agency . Democratic Senate aides conceded privately that is unlikely Watt will get the 60 votes he needs for confirmation . One aide said if both Millett and Watt are defeated , rank and file Democratic senators would be more likely to push for the nuclear option , something Democratic leaders had not initially envisioned would be the result of this week 's voting .	Confirmation particularly unclear for two presidential nominees Harry Reid "  cautiously optimistic " Patricia Millett will be approved for D.C. appeals court Dems may consider "  nuclear option " if GOP senators block nominations "  Nuclear option " is a rules change that would bar filibuster for presidential appointees
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan will review blasphemy laws to prevent them from targeting innocent people , a government official said . The government will form a committee of scholars to revisit the law , said Shahbaz Bhatti , the federal minister for minority affairs . It will submit its suggestions and procedures , which will be implemented to stop the law 's misuse , the minister said Thursday . "  After the formation of the committee we will ... . find the way that whether through the legislation or some other procedural way we can stop the blasphemy law , " Bhatti said . On pardoning of Asia Bibi , a Christian woman sentenced to death for blasphemy of Islam , Bhatti said the president will wait for the judicial proceedings . Bibi 's lawyer has said that the proceedings might take years because the case is still in high court and may later go to the Supreme court . Religious parties are planning protests after Friday prayers . The parties have been upset since the governor of Punjab province helped file a mercy petition with President Asif Ali Zardari 's office requesting a pardon for Bibi . Parties including the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal ur Rehman  JUI-F  party will hold the rallies on Christmas Eve , said Moulana Amjad Khan , party spokesman . A Pakistani court in November found the 45-year-old woman guilty of defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed during a 2009 argument with Muslim fellow field workers . The offense is punishable by death or life imprisonment , according to Pakistan 's penal code . But an investigation by a Pakistani government ministry found the charges stemmed from "  religious and personal enmity " and recommended Bibi 's release . Zardari has said he would pardon Bibi , but a court has ruled that the president ca n't act until the sentence is confirmed by a higher court -- a process her lawyer says could take two to three years . About 2 million Christians live in Pakistan . The Islamic nation has a population of about 170 million , according to government statistics as religious parties plan Friday rallies to protest possible changes .	Federal government to form a committee of scholars to revisit the law Religious parties are planning rallies on Christmas Eve A Pakistani court found a 45-year-old woman guilty of defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed
After seven months of investigation and undercover work , federal officials have arrested a Virginia woman and accused her of lying to federal agents about involvement with the terrorist group ISIS . Heather Coffman , 29 , of Henrico County , is charged with making a materially false statement or representation regarding an offense involving international and domestic terrorism . Authorities said they built their case against Coffman with information from a series of undercover interviews and inflammatory social media posts . Coffman first caught the attention of the FBI through her Facebook activity , according to a criminal complaint filed to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia . The complaint details many of Coffman 's controversial Facebook posts and interactions . Investigators say that on June 23 , using the name Ubeida Ametova  one of her many online aliases  , Coffman listed her "  work and education " on her Facebook account as "  jihad for Allah 's sake . " Per the charges , she posted an image with the captions "  We are all ISIS , Islamic State of Iraq and Sham " and also posted a picture of armed men and the black flag of ISIS , emblazoned with the words "  Virtues of the Mujahideen . " Authorities say that on July 8 , using a second Facebook account , Coffman reposted the same images from her first account in addition to a picture of the ISIS flag surrounded by praying men armed with AK-47s . Opinion : What lures Americans to Syria fight ? Coffman 's Facebook activity prompted the FBI to obtain a search warrant for the account on August 4 , leading investigators to discover a history of correspondence about ISIS . The criminal complaint details some of these exchanges , in which Coffman allegedly defends ISIS and rebukes those who criticize the terrorist group . She writes , "  I know ... it 's all Zionist propaganda though ! If we can rid the world of them ... then the world will be a better and peaceful place . " Additionally , investigators say that Coffman took credit for attempting to recruit her sister when she wrote , "  she know ISIS because I told her about them and got her into liking them lol " and "  my dad is a little angry because I got her into all this jihad stuff . " Investigators said they also discovered a man whom Coffman claimed was her husband . According to Facebook communications detailed in the complaint , this man told Coffman that he hoped their future son would be "  Mujaheeden , " and Coffman agreed , expressing her support for "  whatever you want to do . " Days later , as shown in the charges , Coffman told her "  husband " that she hates gays and Zionists and "  they should all die . " On July 29 , she warned him not to post pro-ISIS statuses on Facebook , and suggested that "  the NSA has already seen it . " Was arrested teen on his way to join ISIS ? Coffman had multiple other Facebook accounts with a variety of user names , including Heather Coffman , Heather La'ahad , Heather Obeida La'ahad , Heather Ametova , and Ubeida Ametova , and which authorities say displayed varying degrees of radicalization . As of October 2 , 2014 , Coffman had set her location on one of the accounts to Hafsarjah , Idlib , Syria . Coffman 's social media behavior presented a number of red flags to authorities , but officials said the information gathered by an undercover FBI agent from a series of interviews helped lead to the charges . Starting in July , an agent posing as an ISIS sympathizer routinely met with Coffman and began to investigate her recruitment network . After establishing a relationship , the undercover agent told Coffman about an associate who shared their views on Islam and was prepared to join the fight with ISIS in Syria . Per the complaint , Coffman revealed that she had experience connecting potential recruits with ISIS facilitators . She had begun to arrange travel to Syria for her "  husband , " the online associate investigators had discovered , but their relationship ended and he had decided not to follow through . According to the criminal complaint , Coffman explained her frustration to the agent , saying , "  I set him up with the brothers who gave him a contact name and number in Turkey to get him across the border when it was time for training ... I spoke to another brother about it who said he was shocked he is sitting around waiting in Macedonia and he is going to call the emir and fix that and get him to Turkey ... but my account was disabled so I could n't follow through with that . But I think he was just joking us about going . " How far does ISIS ' global reach extend ? On October 19 , the undercover agent told Coffman about plans to travel overseas , search for routes into Syria , and find an ISIS contact , to which Coffman replied , suggesting she could help find a contact and facilitate travel . The undercover agent met with Coffman three times , on November 5 , 6 and 7 , according to the charges . During a recorded meeting in a hotel room on November 5 , Coffman again offered to help find a contact and facilitate travel into Syria . After locating and vetting what she considered to be a legitimate facilitator , Coffman told the agent she would reach out and initiate the plans . But on November 6 , Coffman told the agent her contact had gone dark and that she was still waiting for a response . Then on November 7 , Coffman met again with the agent , this time with a third unidentified associate , and asked the agent to propose a list of questions that she would relay to the facilitator , because , as Coffman explained , she wanted all communication with the facilitator to go through her . In this meeting , Coffman , the agent , and the unidentified third associate created a code language to discuss plans without tipping off law enforcement . Feds : NY store owner plotted to send jihadists to Syria , kill U.S. troops himself On November 13 , two FBI agents met with Coffman at her work and conducted an interview , throughout which , according to investigators , Coffman "  provided false , material information to the federal agents . " Coffman said "  we do n't talk about things like that " when asked about their conversations regarding ISIS and al Qaeda , and denied that the undercover agent ever expressed support for ISIS or similar terrorist groups . The FBI agents told Coffman that lying to a federal agent is a crime , though Coffman said her account was truthful . Coffman appeared in federal court in Richmond , Virginia , on Monday , and has a hearing scheduled for Wednesday . Coffman 's lawyer did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment .	Heather Coffman , of Henrico County , is charged with lying to federal agents Coffman caught the attention of the FBI through her Facebook activity They say she posted positively about ISIS , later met with agents to recruit for ISIS
CNN  -- A Florida highway patrolman who ordered the opening of an interstate highway , despite dense fog and smoke from a nearby brush fire , had not received any formal training on opening or closing roads and was not aware of the agency 's relevant policy or procedures , according to an investigation into the deadly January crashes that left 11 people dead . Lt. John Gourley ordered the road reopened when conditions improved on Interstate 75 because he considered it dangerous not to , he told investigators , according to a state report released Thursday . Gourley cited the potential for secondary crashes as a result of prolonged road closures based on his prior experience as a reason for the decision . Despite reservations expressed by Sgt. Bruce Simmons , who said he was worried about allowing traffic to resume too soon , Gourley proceeded with the reopening . "  I 'm concerned that another cloud might roll through and then we got to go through all this again , " said Simmons , according to the report . "  That 's why we need to go ahead get DOT  the Florida Department of Transportation  to get signs and assets in place if we need to shut down where we did , we can do it , " Gourley responded . "  Keep monitoring it but right at this point , I see no reason to keep it closed . " The report said troopers did not act with criminal intent but also "  failed to adequately communicate critical information amongst themselves regarding the fire on Paynes Prairie . " Gourley was not immediately available for comment . The report also blamed the agency for failing "  to adequately create and implement effective guidelines " for its troopers to follow when dealing with poor visibility on roadways . And those training measures in place were considered "  ineffective and poorly memorialized , " it said . After Gourley reopened the highway , there were not adequate resources dedicated to monitor subsequent road conditions , the report found . About 20 minutes before the fatal crashes , Trooper Steven Downing reported seeing dense smoke less than a mile east of Interstate 75 , where the vehicle accidents would occur . But "  no immediate measures were taken " to monitor the conditions in that area following his report , it added . Downing later responded to a nearby crash that involved six vehicles , which occurred near Gainesville . The National Weather Service had warned that patchy smoke and fog may have been present in the area . Lidiane Carmo , 15 , was injured and lost most of her family in the I-75 pileup . The teen 's case drew widespread attention after church members said she was an illegal immigrant from Brazil , and they were afraid she could face deportation . But federal officials said in February that she would be allowed to stay in the country .	A January crash on Interstate 75 in Florida left 11 people dead A state report found state troopers made mistakes before the crashes It says trooper who ordered interstate reopened was not formally trained to do so Trooper said he reopened the interstate highway because he felt it dangerous not to
CNN  If you 're in the mood for thrills and chills on the big screen this year , you wo n't be disappointed , judging from a slew of fresh movie trailers released recently . The creepy trailer for "  Crimson Peak " went viral after its Friday release , with two versions drawing close to 2 million views by Sunday . If the first peek of the haunted house horror flick is any indication , director Guillermo del Toro has a lot of frights up his sleeve for the film 's October 16 release . From the disturbing automated toy man to the ghostly woman in a bathtub , it 's 90 seconds of foreboding imagery . Another creepy trailer released last week is whetting moviegoers ' appetite for horror . Some may scoff at the idea of a remake of the 1982 supernatural hit "  Poltergeist , " which debuts July 24 . But the trailer has plenty of jumpy moments to shock even the most jaded horror fan -- especially if you 're afraid of clowns . Two spy movies on the horizon offer thrills of a different kind . "  The Man from U.N.C.L.E. , " a reboot of the 1960s TV series , stars Henry Cavill as an ace American secret agent in the 1960s . It hits theaters in August . Also out in August is "  Hitman : Agent 47 , " an adaption of the popular video game . If you 're wondering where the comedy will be this summer , Amy Schumer makes her big screen debut on July 17 with "  Trainwreck . " The trailer promises lots of laughs , no surprise considering it 's directed by Judd Apatow .	Slew of new trailers hit the Internet this week "  Crimson Peak " and "  Poltergeist " promise frights later in 2015 "  Man of Steel 's " Henry Cavill makes a great spy in "  Man from U.N.C.L.E. "
Walnut Creek , California  CNN  -- Dueling rallies took place Monday involving a former Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer who was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the shooting death of an unarmed passenger . Several hundred people gathered in this suburban community , some 25 miles northeast of San Francisco , with supporters of former officer Johannes Mehserle joined by critics , who said they were calling for justice for his victim , Oscar Grant . The Walnut Creek branch of the Contra Costa County Superior Court closed early Monday because of the rallies , and all cases that were scheduled to be heard Monday afternoon were postponed . Some gas stations and a restaurant in the area also opted to close down for the day . From the air , the crowd appeared to be mostly peaceful , although banners revealed a sharp divide . "  Jail All Racist Killer Cops , " proclaimed one large banner , held aloft by several people . Other banners proclaimed support for police . "  Free Mehserle , " some said . The Justice for Oscar Grant supporters started their demonstration across the street but then moved onto the sidewalk in front the courthouse where the Mehserle supporters were demonstrating . There was some shouting between the two sides . Police in riot gear placed metal barriers to keep the two sides apart . The two groups appeared evenly matched in size . Police said at its peak , there appeared to be about 300 people at the event . They said there were no arrests . "  The crowd has been vocal but very cooperative , " Walnut Creek police Lt. Steve Skinner said . "  There were no acts of violence . It actually went very well on both sides . " The crowds dispersed after about four hours . The Walnut Creek police department called in most of its police personnel and civilian staff for duty , and the Contra Costa County Sheriff 's Office helped provide security . Some area departments helped direct traffic . Mehserle , who is white , was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the 2009 shooting death of Grant , an unarmed black man who was on a train platform at the Fruitvale station in nearby Oakland . The area gets its name from the apricot and cherry orchards that abounded there more than a century ago . Supporters of Mehserle say the killing was a "  tragic mistake " and say they called the rally to show support for police . They helped spread word for the rally through Facebook . "  Anyone who supports Johannes and our Law Enforcement Officers may attend , " said a post on the Facebook page . "  This is a PEACEFUL rally to show our support for Johannes , his family and our law enforcement officers . " It added , "  This rally is NOT about inciting violence , destruction , intolerance , hatred , racism , riots or to upset the Grant family . " But organizers of the counter-rally say they were standing up for justice for Grant and against racism . They said in a news release they want to make clear that "  justice means that Grant 's killer , Mehserle , stays in jail and they throw away the key . " The website for the Justice for Oscar Grant Committee added , "  Oscar Grant was a young Black man returning home by way of the Fruitvale BART station after celebrating the New Year . This was the only excuse the cop needed to end Grant 's life execution-style . Maybe Oscar was too loud , too proud , too Black . Maybe he was too calm during the taunts of the police . Or maybe it was for nothing at all . " Mehserle faces two to four years in prison at his scheduled August 6 sentencing . He remains in the Los Angles County jail . The judge could also impose an additional term of three , four or 10 years because a firearm was used in the crime . Although police said they were prepared for possible clashes , some people in this normally placid town were not unduly concerned that the rallies might get out of control , even though protests after the verdict in nearby Oakland led to the arrest of 78 people . "  Even though I do n't think it 's the best idea , because I think it 's inflammatory , it 's people 's right , " said Sue Klingler . "  I work across the street from the Superior Court , and I 'm not concerned at all . " Another man , who did n't give his name to CNN affiliate KRON-TV , said that Walnut Creek "  is not known for getting outrageous types of demonstrations . " The January 1 , 2009 , shooting of the 22-year-old Grant was captured on a bystander 's cell phone video camera . The video was widely circulated on the internet and on news broadcasts . The video showed Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Grant in the back as another officer knelt on the unarmed man . Mehserle testified that the shooting was an accident and that he had mistakenly used his handgun instead of his Taser . Mehserle and other Bay Area Rapid Transit police had been called to the Fruitvale station after passengers complained about fights on a train . Officers pulled several men , including Grant , off the train when it arrived at Fruitvale . The earlier Oakland demonstrations were called in response to Mehserle 's acquittal on second-degree murder and voluntary manslaughter charges . The Oakland demonstrations began peacefully but were followed by some violence , including vandalism .	NEW : Police Lt. says crowds were vocal but orderly No arrests as opposing groups demonstrate over transit killing Groups demonstrate about a transit officer who shot and killed an unarmed black man Officer was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter in the shooting of Oscar Grant
CNN  -- Two cabin crew and six passengers were hospitalized after a Cathay Pacific flight hit severe turbulence as it passed over Japan yesterday . The aircraft , a 747-400 flying as flight CX879 from San Francisco to Hong Kong , flew into turbulence early Tuesday , six hours before it was due to land at Hong Kong International Airport . "  Regrettably , two cabin crew and a number of passengers were injured in the incident , " Cathay Pacific said in a statement . "  Those injured were given preliminary treatment during flight . Medical assistance was provided for the injured passengers and cabin crew immediately upon arrival . "  After initial medical examination , two crew and six injured passengers required further examination and treatment at hospitals while one passenger with minor injury was released . " The South China Morning Post reports that one crewmember was seen heading to the hospital in a neck brace and wearing an oxygen mask . It quotes a passenger as saying : "  It was even more intense than sitting on a roller coaster . " Earlier this week , five people were injured when a United Airlines flight hit turbulence . Last year , a similar incident on a Singapore Airlines flight during meal service was caught on camera and spread around the Internet . Turbulence is the most common cause of injuries in flight , though severe turbulence , which can force aircraft to deviate in altitude by up to 100 feet , is rare . The website Airsafe.com claims to have identified six fatalities caused by turbulence . Cathay added that it 's collaborating with the Hong Kong Civil Aviation Department as they investigate this latest incident .	Cathay Pacific flight CX879 from San Francisco to Hong Kong hit by severe turbulence over Japan Two cabin crew and number of passengers injured in the incident , several taken to hospital Follows similar incident on United Airlines flight earlier in week in United States
CNN  -- The warnings seem almost ubiquitous today in this world of Doppler Radar and instant communication , but the word "  tornado " actually used to be banned in weather forecasts . Before the 1950s , there were no warnings that a tornado was about to occur . "  That 's when the warning system we have now was just being developed , " said Bob Henson of the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research . "  Most Americans never got a tornado warning , " he said . But what about radar ? "  There was no radar , " he said . Before that , Americans had to endure decades of agonizing blows from Mother Nature , many of the victims taken unaware . In 1882 , 17 years after the Civil War ended , U.S. Army Signal Corps Sgt. John P. Finley was asked to investigate tornadoes and how they developed . As Finley was doing his research , tornado forecasting came to a screeching halt when the Signal Corps banned the word "  tornado " from official forecasts because they were concerned the word would cause widespread panic . "  They literally avoided the word up until the 1950s or so , " Henson said . "  They were a little concerned about the panic or the tools were n't strong enough to predict them , " he said , "  and quite frankly without radar , you could n't forecast them . " Twisters were not measured in the same way they are now . Thus , experts now do n't know whether the 1925 Tri-State tornado -- which killed about 695 people when it tore through Missouri , Illinois and Indiana -- was actually a single funnel or many , which is why it is n't officially considered the deadliest single tornado . Tornadoes by the month : 1950-2011 So the emphasis went on observing and reporting rather than forecasting . The U.S. Weather Bureau started reporting tornadoes , thunderstorms , hailstorms , lightning and high winds at a few experimental locations across the United States in spring 1943 . Gradually , forecasters started issuing forecasts for severe thunderstorms , but could not tell the time nor place . As for tornado forecasts ? Still off-limits . A breakthrough happened in the late 1940s , when two Air Force officers identified conditions that were favorable for tornado formation in the southern Plains . The first tornado forecast was issued March 20 , 1948 . Six hours later , a twister slammed into Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma . The tornado caused $ 6 million in damage , but no one was killed , thanks to a tornado safety plan that was implemented at the base after the forecast was issued . Joplin tornado sets deadly record The tornado bulletin brought the Air Force attention from the public and local media . However , tornado forecasts were only available to Air Force weather offices and were still not issued by the Weather Bureau . Then came Radio Detection and Ranging , or radar . During World War II , radar was invented to detect enemy ships and aircraft . Radar operators soon began to notice that rain would often obscure aircraft . This led to using radar to detect storms that could produce tornadoes . Finally , in 1950 , the ban on the word "  tornado " in weather forecasts was lifted . That was the same year official federal records about tornadoes -- in terms of their location , strength and damage inflicted -- were first kept . In 1953 , the U.S. Weather Bureau established the Severe Local Storms Center , known as SELS . The first tornado watches issued by SELS usually covered an average area of 27,000 square miles . Today , tornado and severe thunderstorm watches average 25,000 square miles . In 1966 , SELS was renamed the National Severe Storms Forecast Center . At this time , tornado and severe thunderstorm forecasts were renamed "  watches " to correspond with products issued by the National Hurricane Center . In the early 1990s , Doppler Weather Radar , or as it was more commonly known , Next Generation Weather Radar , was deployed at local National Weather Service forecast offices nationwide . Doppler radar allowed forecasters to see more than just precipitation . With the new radar , they could actually detect wind circulations within storms that could lead to tornado formation . Doppler weather radar was part of a wider modernization of forecast offices nationwide lasting nearly a decade . "  Today forecasters use a comprehensive system  to detect storms  but radar is the foundation because radar detects the circulation of winds that form tornadoes , " Henson said . "  Hand in hand with that are people on the ground who are trained storm-spotters . You always need eyes on the storm , " he said . After the deployment of Doppler weather radar , lead times for tornadoes were nearly doubled , from less than five minutes to around 10 to 13 minutes . In October 1995 , the National Severe Storms Forecast Center was renamed the Storm Prediction Center , and as part of the weather service 's modernization program , the Storm Prediction Center was moved to Norman , Oklahoma . Today , the Storm Prediction Center issues forecasts for severe thunderstorms as far as eight days out and is tasked with issuing severe thunderstorm and tornado watches in the United States . Tornado warnings are issued by local National Weather Service forecast offices . Even though forecasters can now identify conditions favorable for tornadoes , they still can not predict exactly when and where tornadoes will touch down . There lies the rub . Officials in Joplin , Missouri , confirmed at least 116 people dead after a twister smashed the city Sunday . Destructive tornadoes and severe storms tore through the South in late April , killing hundreds of people . With all the advancements in storm technology , the question is simple : Why ? "  That 's the question of 2011 , " Henson said . "  Why have so many people died in these tornadoes ? That 's the open question . It 's partly because of the strength of these tornadoes . Also because they 've hit populated areas . " While tools such as Doppler Radar detect winds within severe storms that could indicate a tornado may be imminent , many of these rotating storms do not go on to produce tornadoes . Although tornado forecasting has remarkably improved over the last two decades with advanced forecasting techniques , weather satellites , numerical forecast models and Doppler weather radar , there is much about tornado forecasting that still remains a mystery . Journalist Craig Johnson contributed to this report .	U.S. Weather Bureau started reporting severe weather at a few U.S. locations in 1943 Forecasters were n't allowed to mention tornado possibility because of fears of panic First tornado forecast in 1948 gave air force base time to implement safety plan Doppler radar greatly improved meteorologists ' ability to predict tornadoes
China 's unique white dolphins -- famous for the actual pink hue of their skin -- face going from endangered to extinct -- with conservationists doubtful they can be saved . "  We 've seen alarming decline in the last decade -- 158 dolphins in 2003 , just 61 dolphins in 2012 , " says Samuel Hung , Chairman of the Hong Kong Dolphin Conservation Society . "  We are at a critical juncture on whether we can help the dolphins , " adds Hung . "  I have no idea whether they will keep going down and down -- but what I do know is we need to work urgently to come up with solutions to clean up the dolphin 's habitat . " Land reclamation for massive engineering projects , resulting water pollution and boat strikes have exacted a heavy toll on the white dolphin population , which is mainly found in the waters of Hong Kong 's Pearl River Delta in southern China . In 2016 , the first automobiles are expected to roll across the 42-kilometer Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau bridge , respectively connecting the Asian financial hub with the Chinese mainland 's "  special economic zone " and the world 's gambling capital . Now under construction , the world 's longest cross-sea bridge and tunnel link will go "  right through the heart of the dolphin population , " says Hung . "  There will be lots of piling activities to construct the bridge . " By 2023 , Hong Kong aims to complete a third runway for Chep Lap Kok international airport , already one of the world 's busiest . In the absence of soil on which to build , 650 hectares of land -- an area more than 5,000 Olympic-sized swimming pools -- will be reclaimed from the sea . The area is also prime habitat for the Chinese white dolphin . The Hong Kong government has also proposed four additional land reclamation projects in dolphin-populated areas that aim to increase the amount of land on which to build in order to bring down the high cost of housing , adds Hung . Yet , despite Hong Kong 's plans for numerous engineering projects that will impact the white dolphins ' habitats , the founder of the 10-year old Hong Kong Dolphin Conservation Society says he "  actually applauds " the government 's conservation efforts . "  I do n't doubt their desire to conserve , " explains Hung , who adds that the Hong Kong government has provided more than $ 1 million Hong Kong dollars  US$ 125,000  each year for environmental research funds , set up a marine protection park for the white dolphins and helped monitor dolphin population numbers . "  But it 's the other bureaus who want to push economic projects " including Hong Kong 's Airport Authority and the Civil Engineering and Development Department , says Hung . "  The economic departments are more influential so our voice for conservation work is drowned out by the voice for construction . "	China 's white dolphin population has fallen more than 60 % from 2003 to 2012 Hong Kong Dolphin Conservation Society chairman says fall is "  alarming decline " Plans for world 's longest bridge-tunnel link , third airport runway impacting dolphin habitats
CNN  -- A woman whose same-sex partner was killed in last month 's stage collapse at the Indiana State Fair joined a personal injury attorney in pushing a federal lawsuit against the state of Indiana on behalf of those injured and the families of those killed . The lawsuit seeks to overturn the state 's $ 5 million cap on damages that can be paid out on what lawyer Kenneth Allen called "  a first-come , first-serve basis . " It also addresses what he described as "  unfairness  and  prejudice toward gay and lesbian couples " who might not be entitled to payments , if their civil unions or marriages are n't recognized in Indiana . Allen was joined at a Merriville press conference by Alisha Brennon , who spoke publicly for the first since suffering severe head and other injuries in the collapse . Her long-time partner Christina Santiago -- an activist for gay and lesbian rights and health issues with whom she officially was joined in a civil union in Illinois in June -- was killed , as were six others . "  She fought for everything that she believed in , and I believe she 's still fighting , " Brennon said . "  We 're going to do it . We 're not going to stop . " Brennon was among at least 40 people injured August 13 when the scaffolding collapsed during a severe thunderstorm that blew through the area just before country music duo Sugarland was set to perform . The structure fell onto fans gathered in front of the stage minutes after authorities had addressed the audience about the approaching storm . Allen claims that the lawsuit aims to compel Indiana to change its policies . That includes what he called its "  puzzling " and "  wrong " cap on how much the state can pay out "  no matter how many people are harmed , now matter how many are injured . " "  They 're attempting to throw a bowl of crumbs to a bunch of pigeons , " he said . "  Our clients are n't pigeons . " The lawyer alleged that the event 's organizers "  cut every corner that they possibly could , " calling their actions before and during that night "  reckless . " He claimed that the fact there was a limit on possible damages did n't give enough incentive to take every safety precaution . Indiana Attorney General Greg Zoeller told CNN affiliate WISH that he is not aware of a prior case where the courts have overturned caps on damages -- something that Allen acknowledged Monday , saying "  this case is without precedent . " Yet the most emotional part of Monday 's press conference came from Brennon , who still carried bruises and cuts to her head six weeks after the accident . She said it was initially a "  perfect night " for her , Santiago and others . Then at one point , she recalled , someone came on stage to say the storm would "  move around us " while adding that an evacuation was possible . "  Five minutes later , I was knocked unconscious , " Brennon said through tears . "  And I never saw  Santiago  again . It 's not right . " Allen said that he would fight so that Brennon would get the same benefits as a wife might get if she lost her husband in the collapse . "  We should not stand by and allow this inequality , " the lawyer said , calling gay and lesbian rights "  the last frontier of equal protection . " "  It makes no difference  if a couple is straight or gay , as long as they  love each other and are committed to each other . " In addition to Monday 's lawsuit , the state faces 21 other potential lawsuits related to the collapse , according to CNN affiliate WRTV . The Indiana State Police , the state 's Occupational Safety and Health Administration and an independent company hired by the state fair commission are all conducting investigations into the incident . "  Our goal is to learn everything we can why this tragedy occurred . We wo n't leave any question unanswered , from both a structural standpoint and the decision that was made , " Indiana State Fair Commission Chairman Andre Lacy said last month . "  We know that many are eager for answers today . We do n't have them . And we wo n't speculate . "	NEW : An injured woman says the death of her same-sex partner "  is not right " NEW : A lawyer says a $ 5 million cap on damages is "  puzzling " and "  wrong " NEW : He says same-sex partners deserve the same benefits as heterosexual ones Seven people were killed in the Indiana State Fair collapse last month
CNN  -- Obamacare expands access to health insurance for tens of millions of people come January 1 . Dental care for adults , however , is not included , and experts say we 've got a potential oral health care crisis coming . Studies show that people who have insurance are more likely to get regular dental care . But only about 2 % of older Americans have dental insurance of any kind , according to a new report . "  Until we have an expansion of this kind of coverage , and until we have people really recognizing what this means for their overall health , I do believe we have an unimaginable tragedy on our hands , " said Beth Truett , president and CEO of Oral Health America . Truett 's organization published the report "  State of Decay : Are older Americans coming of age without oral health care ? " which shows that baby boomers -- who have , for the most part , kept their natural teeth -- could be facing some serious oral health problems over the next decade . People with low income and racial and ethnic minorities are particularly vulnerable , according to the report . How brushing your teeth lowers your risk of cancer "  It 's an issue that is particularly important that is not always talked about , " said Ira Lamster , dean emeritus of the Columbia University College of Dental Medicine . "  People in the United States are retaining their teeth , and as a result , teeth that have been in use for 50 or 60 or 70 years will have problems . " Neither Medicare nor the Affordable Care Act includes adult dental coverage , although some pediatric dental care is covered . Even the Medigap insurance that adults buy to expand their plans ' benefits still wo n't cover dental procedures . Less than 1 % of dental services are covered by Medicare . And neglected dental health can turn into even bigger medical issues . "  For instance , if you have diabetes and you have gum disease , your metabolic control will be worse , " Lamster said . "  There is a lot of data showing that periodontal disease can increase your risk for heart attacks and strokes . There are so many ways this can impact your overall health . That is why regular access to care is so important . " The study put together by Oral Health America ranked states in terms of the oral care their populations receive . Seventeen states received a "  poor " grade . The states were evaluated on edentulism , which is the fancy word for total loss of teeth . Other factors included community water fluoridation , adult Medicaid coverage , access to dentists and a state oral health plan that addresses older adults . Some states ' Medicaid programs cover adult dental care . However , of the 17 states that received a "  poor " grade for dental care , the majority are led by Republican governors who have refused or are leaning against expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act . Dental screening that could save your life Mississippi is ranked the worst . Tennessee and Alabama tied for second to last . The other states rated as "  poor " are Florida , Arizona , Louisiana , Delaware , Utah , Washington , Wyoming , Pennsylvania , Oregon , Montana , Kentucky , Maine , Virginia and California . "  Some of this ` poor ' care is in direct relation to the economic changes our country has experienced , " Truett said . "  A lot of it , though , stems from the fact that some people see this as a tangential kind of medical care . " Emergency room visits for dental health have doubled from about a decade ago . In 1999-2000 , there were a reported 1 million cases of adults over 65 who went to the ER for dental problems ; in 2009-10 , there were 2.3 million cases . "  Dental care is extremely expensive , and the older adult will require the more extensive care , " Lamster said . "  The frustrating part is that we have some great technology now : Dental implants , for instance , work remarkably well , but they are beyond the means of much of the population . " Baby 's teeth : What you should know Not all states fared as badly in the report . Minnesota ranked at the top of the list , with Maryland a close second . "  We wanted to show that there are states that are getting close to having a model kind of care that others could replicate , " Truett said . According to the report , Minnesota ranks high in terms of communities with fluoridated water , a Medicaid program that covers dental care for adults , a state oral health plan that addresses this population and , perhaps consequently , a low rate of edentulism . The report suggests that Minnesota still needs more dentists to serve its population . There is some good news : The number of federally qualified health centers that provide dental care have increased , and 41 of 50 states have state oral health plans . There is also a bill in Congress that would widen the ACA , Medicare , Medicaid and veterans benefits to include dental health . That legislation , though , is in its very early stages . The OHA also put together a website toothwisdom.org that offers a handy guide on where you can find dental care in your state . It even gives suggestion on transportation options to these caregivers if an older person is unable to drive . Obama offers funding to help communities understand	Only about 2 % of older adults have dental insurance Emergency room visits due to dental problems more than doubled in the past decade Obamacare , Medicare do not cover dental care for adults
CNN  -- Iranian media outlets have "  systematically stirred up " widespread contempt toward the country 's 300,000-strong Baha'i religious minority , the group says . The Baha'i International Community issued a report Friday entitled "  Inciting Hatred : Iran 's media campaign to demonize Baha'is . " The report "  documents and analyzes more than 400 media items over a 16-month period . " The result , the Baha'is say , is an "  insidious state-sponsored effort " to discredit the Baha'is with "  false accusations , inflammatory terminology , and repugnant imagery . " Iranians officials at the United Nations and in Tehran could not be reached for comment . Among "  recurring themes " in media coverage about Baha'is , the report said , is that they are "  anti-Islamic , " a "  deviant " and "  cult-like " sect , agents of Zionism , spies for Israel and the West , morally corrupt and an influence in the shah 's government , toppled in 1979 . New themes have emerged in recent months , the report says . The report says the Baha'is have instigated opposition to the regime , influenced "  anti-regime " Iranian human rights activists , including Nobel Peace Prize winner Shirin Ebadi , controls or influences foreign broadcasters , such as the BBC and Voice of America , and helped plan and participated in the 2009 Ashura protests against the presidential elections earlier that year . The group also said the media "  uses brainwashing to entice Muslims away from their faith , " and "  security attractive young women to lure converts . " "  This anti-Baha ' i propaganda is shocking in its volume and vehemence , its scope and sophistication , " said Bani Dugal , Principal Representative of the Baha'i International Community to the United Nations . "  It 's all cynically calculated to stir up antagonism against a peaceful religious community whose members are striving to contribute to the well-being of their society , " she said . "  The parallels between the campaign of anti-Baha ' i propaganda in Iran today and other state-sponsored , anti-religious campaigns of the past are undeniable . History shows us that such campaigns are among the foremost predictors of actual violence against religious minorities - or , in the worst case , precursors of genocide . " The Baha'i faith , founded during the 19th century in Iran and now with 5 million to 6 million adherents worldwide , is a monotheistic religion that focuses on the spiritual unity of humanity . But Iran 's Shiite Muslim ruling ayatollahs regard the faith as blasphemous because its founder , Bahaullah , declared himself to be a prophet of God . Muslims believe the Prophet Mohammed was the last prophet of God . The group said the anti-Baha ' i messages are "  originates with and are sanctioned by the country 's highest levels of leadership , including Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . " Iran , however , claims that international media are an arm of a Baha'i conspiracy . Those claims are "  both ludicrous and funny , if it was n't so sad , " said Mohamed Abdel Dayem , the program coordinator for the Committee to Protect Journalists ' Middle East and North Africa program . "  Any international media outlet that carries news that is not identical to the Iranian government 's line is accused of being an agent of fill in the blank : The Baha'is , the Americans , the Mossad . " The U.S. Commission for International Religious Freedom -- an independent , bipartisan federal agency -- regularly documents the Iranian regime 's actions toward the Baha'is . A USCIRF official said the Iranian government 's media campaign to denigrate and vilify the Baha'i community is part of its long-standing policy to not only incite violence against Baha'is but also to seek a slow death of the community 's very existence in the country . "  The longer you wear down a community by demonizing them , intimidating them , depriving them , and arresting and imprisoning them - the hope is that you achieve your goal of total eradication , " said Dwight Bashir , deputy director for policy and research at USCIRF . The Baha'i report cities more than 200 "  specious and misleading articles " by the semi-official Kayhan newspaper . USCIRF also singles out Kayhan . "  Among those responsible for this media initiative has been Hossein Shariatmadari , managing editor of the government-controlled Kayhan newspaper , who was appointed by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei himself , " Bashir said . "  Kayhan 's articles about the Baha'i community have been a combination of vitriol and falsified information that has served to justify many of the egregious actions taken by the government against members of the community . As a consequence , USCIRF has urged the U.S. government to add Shariatmadari to its sanctions list of Iranian officials responsible for severe violations of human rights , including religious freedom , " said Bashir . Faraz Sanei , Iran researcher with the Middle East and North Africa division of Human Rights Watch , said rights groups have long documented the government 's "  systematic campaign , both in law and practice , to target Baha'is and "  deprive them of of their ability to freely manifest the beliefs and teachings of their faith . " Sanei said the "  report provides valuable insight into the mechanics of a less documented and more insidious element of this campaign - anti-Baha ' i propaganda propagated by official and semi-official media outlets , and the degree to which hate speech further exposes an already vulnerable minority group to discrimination and attacks by private actors . "	The Baha'is say Iranian media are demonizing them Rights groups underscore the report 's contentions Iran 's rulers believe the Baha'i faith is blasphemous
Washington  CNN  -- If you 're expecting last minute action from Congress to avoid the March 1 spending cut deadline , think again . Congress is n't even in session this week , and lawmakers and aides from both parties say they do n't expect anything to pass anytime soon . Why the lack of urgency ? The cuts can be phased in over time , and leaders on both sides of the aisle know they can act after March 1 to undo any reductions in the months to come . Also , some Democrats and Republicans are n't totally unhappy with many of the cuts , $ 85 billion of which will be split between Pentagon and non-defense programs this year . Many of the most popular domestic programs , including Medicare and Medicaid benefits , are off the table . Obama , GOP clash on forced spending cuts With no sharp , irreversible deadline in the offing , all you 're likely to get over the next 10 days is an extended version of the partisan blame game . True to form , President Barack Obama and GOP leaders ratcheted up their rhetoric on Tuesday . "  Republicans in Congress face a simple choice , " Obama said at a White House event with first responders . "  Are they willing to compromise , to protect vital investments in education and healthcare and national security and all the jobs that depend on them ? Or would they rather put hundreds of thousands of jobs and our entire economy at risk just to protect a few special interest tax loopholes that benefit only the wealthiest Americans and biggest corporations ? " Obama more emotional on spending cuts Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , urged Republicans to "  listen to the overwhelming majority of Americans and work with Democrats to forge a balanced approach " to deficit reduction that includes new tax hikes on the wealthy . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , responded to barbs from Democrats with a written statement placing the blame squarely on the president . Blind budget cuts , explained "  The House has twice passed legislation to replace it with commonsense cuts and reforms that wo n't threaten public safety , national security , or our economy , " the speaker said , referring to measures passed by the GOP-controlled chamber last year . "  But once again , the president  has  offered no credible plan that can pass Congress -- only more calls for higher taxes , " Boehner said . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said Obama "  prefers campaign events to common sense , bipartisan action . " By the Numbers : Automatic spending cuts Republicans argue they 've already ceded on higher taxes by allowing Bush-era tax cuts to expire on the wealthiest Americans as part of the New Year 's Eve "  fiscal cliff " deal . GOP leaders insist that any package replacing this year 's planned $ 85 billion in cuts -- part of $ 1.2 trillion in savings over 10 years -- must be comprised entirely of alternative spending reductions , including entitlement reform . Republicans are particularly concerned about the looming defense cuts . "  Even though defense accounts for 17  or  18 % of our spending , they 've taken half of the savings out of the military , " House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon , R-California , told CNN . "  The troops that are over there fighting to protect our freedoms around the world are being cut . The things that they need are being cut . " Senate Democrats and Republicans are expected to propose alternative bills next week to replace the automatic cuts . Neither plan is likely to get the 60 votes necessary for approval in the 100-member chamber -- thereby setting the stage for more serious talks after March 1 . The real impact of automatic spending cuts "  There wo n't be any easy off-ramps on this one , " McConnell said last week . "  The days of 11th hour negotiations are over . " Brown University political scientist Wendy Schiller , who studies presidential and congressional politics , noted that March 27 -- the date when the current government funding authority expires -- is an ideal point for Congress to alter its current spending plans . "  The upside to the  current package of planned cuts  is that it gives both parties political cover to make a dent in federal spending , " Schiller told CNN . "  The downside is that the cuts themselves are not directly targeted at inefficiency , fraud or waste , and will ultimately affect voters ' daily lives in some way . " Ultimately , she predicted , Congress will be "  the big loser . ... If history tells us anything about showdowns between Congress and the president , it tells us the president wins . And only one branch will face the voters again -- Congress . " Borger : Obama ca n't kick his legacy down the road	Congress is unlikely to act before automatic spending cuts kick in March 1 The cuts will be phased in over time and can be changed later on Democrats and Republicans are blaming each other instead of working on alternatives
Dozens of Air Force officers entrusted with maintaining U.S. nuclear missiles are now accused of cheating or turning a blind eye to cheating on a competency test . And that 's just the tip of the iceberg . The scandal involving 34 Air Force officers at Malmstrom Air Force base in Montana marks the latest trouble for U.S. nuclear forces plagued by problems over the past year . Here 's a look at other recent cases : October 2013 A U.S. general who oversaw nuclear weapons was relieved of his duties after he boozed , fraternized with "  hot women " and disrespected his hosts during an official visit to Russia , Air Force officials said . Maj. Gen. Michael Carey led the 20th Air Force responsible for three nuclear wings . According to an Air Force Inspector General report , Carey bragged loudly about his position as commander of a nuclear force during layover in Switzerland , saying he "  saves the world from war every day . " While in Russia , Carey and an unidentified man walked to a nearby hotel to meet "  two foreign national women . " He returned to his Marriott hotel room in the wee hours of the morning . As a result , Carey was 45 minutes late in joining a delegation in a Moscow suburb , according to the report . He attributed the tardiness to jet lag , and said his body clock was out of whack . In addition , Carey announced he 'd "  met two hot women the night before , " and continually interrupted a monastery guide during a tour , his speech slurred the entire time , the report said . During dinner at a Mexican restaurant , he drank more alcohol and wanted to perform with the live band , which wanted no part of it , the report said . He later left his delegation and joined the two women he 'd met the night before at a different table . There was no indication Carey 's behavior compromised sensitive nuclear information or went beyond drinking , dancing and fraternizing with the women , officials said . CNN 's repeated attempts to reach Carey were unsuccessful . October 2013 Days before Carey was relieved of his duties , another military officer with high-level responsibility for the country 's nuclear arsenal lost his job . Vice Adm. Tim Giardina was formally relieved of his duties as deputy chief of U.S. Strategic Command , according to Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Navy 's chief of information . Giardina oversaw nuclear weapons forces . A military official said his demotion was connected to allegations that he used counterfeit gambling chips at an Iowa casino . He was demoted to rear admiral and transferred to a job in Washington . August 2013 The same missile unit at Malmstrom linked to the test cheating scandal failed a safety and security inspection "  after making tactical-level errors -- not related to command and control of nuclear weapons , " the Air Force Global Strike Command said . The 341st Missile Wing operates about 150 of the 450 Minuteman III nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missiles in the U.S. force , according to an Air Force statement . A failed inspection does not mean that the safety of the nation 's nuclear arsenal is at risk , AFGSC Commander Lt. Gen. Jim Kowalski said in August . "  These inspections are designed to be tough to pass , " he said . "  Commanders use these inspections to continually improve our training and procedures . " April 2013 In an unprecedented move , an Air Force commander stripped 17 of his officers of their authority to control and launch nuclear missiles . The officers , based in Minot , North Dakota , did poorly in an inspection . They were ordered to undergo 60 to 90 days of intensive refresher training on how to do their jobs . Lt. Col. Jay Folds announced the action in an April e-mail to his unit . "  Did you know that we , as an operations group , have fallen -- and its it time to stand ourselves back up ? " Folds wrote . Folds also told his troops to "  crush any rules violators . " "  We are , in fact , in a crisis right now , " he wrote .	34 nuclear Air Force officers are accused of cheating or not reporting cheating Last year , a general who oversaw nuclear weapons was relieved of his duties Air Force report : The general was intoxicated and acting inappropriately on an official trip to Russia Another nuclear officer lost his job after allegations he used counterfeit gambling chips at a casino
It 's hard not to be nervous , standing outside the Ebola isolation wards . The wards are a cluster of unassuming white tents in the middle of a large field , not far from the center of the city . Each is just big enough to hold around 10 cots . Two layers of zippers keep the outside from getting in , and more importantly here -- the opposite . Nobody goes inside the tent without spending 15 minutes putting on isolation gear . The nurse handing over my garb calls it my "  space suit . " I ca n't help but think that going into an Ebola isolation ward is a little bit like going to the moon . In H.G. Wells ' "  The War of the Worlds , " seemingly invincible invaders from Mars are laid low by Earth 's microbes , for which they have no defense . With Ebola , we humans are the invaders . The sense of being an alien in the world of this virus is jarring . Outside the tent , the air is sticky and has a distinctive smell of bleach . The bleach is in large plastic jugs ; people use it liberally to wash their hands . It mixes with the smell of smoke , wafting from an enormous pit in the ground , full of smoldering ashes . I am told everything that comes out of these wards is burned : the suits we 're wearing , the sheets off the cots , even the human waste . Take no chances . Nothing kills better than fire . After the 2012 Ebola outbreak in Uganda finally ended , medical teams scorched the earth . The patients inside the tent are infected with one of the most deadly pathogens in the world . Ebola has no treatment , no vaccine and no cure . Ebola : What you need to know There are at least five different strains of Ebola , and in past outbreaks , this virus -- the Zaire strain -- has killed as many as nine out of 10 people it infects . Men and women , young and old . Ebola does not discriminate . I geared up with Tim Jagatic , a physician from Ontario . He wants to give me an idea of what it is like to walk in his boots . He is with Doctors Without Borders , and he has been here for three weeks , almost since the beginning of the outbreak . This trip is his first time seeing Ebola . "  No family at home , " he told me , no one to dissuade him from coming here . He seemed a little surprised I even asked . In this line of work , having a family is a job liability . Jagatic is a different kind of doctor . He does n't just care for patients ; he risks his own life to help save theirs . Sometimes , neither patient nor doctor makes it . Since the beginning of this Ebola outbreak , 112 people have died in Guinea and 13 in neighboring Liberia ; at least 17 have been health care workers , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization . Standing outside the tent , I silently remind myself of the science and the facts , to try and calm myself down . The virus does not spread through the air and does n't live on surfaces for very long . Keep your hands to yourself and stay vigilant , I remind my producer Danielle Dellorto and cameraman Neil Hallsworth . I 'm reminding myself , too . There is a habit I 've had since I was a child . I bite my nails when I 'm nervous . I stare at my cuticles now ; they look dry and cracked . My skin appears broken . It 's not just unsightly ; it 's a potential threat , a pathway for the virus to enter my body . The day before , one of the doctors showed me a small cut on his hand . "  They grounded me , " he said . He was not allowed in the isolation areas , because that simple cut was too big a risk . Gupta : Ebola a swift , effective and bloody killer Before you go into the isolation ward , you stop in a separate tent to gear up . Jagatic and I are in one of these anterooms , dressed in scrubs and thick white rubber boots . We are already sweating , and we have n't even begun to put on the "  moon " suits . It is 100 degrees outside . First we slip on a pair of blue latex gloves , then a thick yellow impermeable suit . A mask goes on , then a white hood with another mask built into it . A pair of large clear goggles is wrapped around the hood and then a large white apron . Finally , we slip on another pair of latex gloves . Not a single part of my skin is exposed . Jagatic triple-checks to make sure . It has to be this way for these doctors and nurses who knowingly expose themselves to Ebola , dispensing medication , hanging IVs and using needles to draw blood , but you have to wonder what goes through the minds of the patients , seeing these rubber-clad aliens looming in front of them . Imagine developing a fever , cough and muscle aches and then suddenly being isolated in a ward where your only visitors look like this . The patients here are sick and scared . The doctors and nurses write their names in large black letters on the aprons , so they can seem slightly more human to the people for which they care . It occurs to me that a mask , or two , should n't make a difference since this virus is n't airborne . I ask Jagatic , who reminds me that the average person subconsciously touches his or her face a few thousand times a day . The masks are reminders that nothing inside this ward is considered safe . WHO : Ebola outbreak one of ` most challenging ' I am drenched in sweat , and I 've only been in the outer tent for five minutes . I 've experienced just a sliver of what goes into making rounds when your patients have Ebola . I wait here while Jagatic continues on , inside the quarantined space , to spend about an hour with his patients . Before leaving the camp , I share all the latest Ebola figures with Jagatic , and we compare notes . Instead of the feared 90 % death rate , in this outbreak it 's running closer to 65 % . Still terrible , no doubt , but also tangible evidence that Jagatic and his team are saving lives . Still soaked in sweat , he smiles weakly . Truth is , even he gets a little nervous doing this sort of work . But he does it so the people outside these wards , people all over the world , will never know what it 's like to be inside . How to help	Those in Ebola isolation wards must don isolation gear Doctors are risking their lives to help save their patients , Dr. Sanjay Gupta says More than 120 killed in outbreak in Guinea and Liberia ; 17 are health care workers Patients in the wards are sick and scared , Gupta says
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Two sentences inscribed above the refurbished entrance hall of Moscow 's Kurskaya metro station are causing great agitation for survivors of Russian labor camps.Yuri Fidelgoldsh , who had five ribs removed after imprisonment six decades ago , is one of the offended survivors . This slogan at a Moscow metro station has stirred controversy : "  Stalin reared us on loyalty to the people . " "  Stalin reared us on loyalty to the people , " says the inscription above the pristine marble floors of the metro station . "  He inspired us to labor and to heroism . " Fidelgoldsh , now 82 , does n't use the metro station much , but he has been there to see the restoration . When he invokes the name "  Stalin , " he gets angry . "  For people who were imprisoned , punished and whose parents were killed , this is still in their hearts , " Fidelgoldsh says . Kremlin critics are outraged by the restored motto at the station . They say it 's the latest attempt by the government to rehabilitate the image of Joseph Stalin , the late Soviet leader largely responsible for the division of Europe , the deaths of nearly 20 million people and the creator of the Eastern Bloc . "  I have no positive emotions towards Stalin , " Fidelgoldsh adds . "  He 's a college dropout who went into politics and became a leader of a party which fit his needs . He did n't exactly impress me with his ` great ' mind . " Watch report on the rehabilitation of Stalin 's image " The phrase at the metro station came from the original Soviet national anthem , written in 1944 by Sergey Mikhalkov . During the de-Stalinization process that began under Nikita Khrushchev after Stalin 's death in 1953 , statues and other vestiges of his immense cult of personality were removed . In 1977 , Mikhalkov rewrote the anthem to delete references to Stalin , and the metro station removed the original inscription of his words . The entrance hall to the station underwent extensive renovation over the past year , complete with new columns and polished marble floors . It 's located on the main metro line around the city 's center , through which tens of thousands of commuters pass every day . On a recent day , a woman named Nadia said she had no problem with the slogan honoring Stalin . She grew up after the fall of the Soviet Union and during the prosperous Putin years . "  I think we should n't be ashamed because this is a part of our history . We have to somehow accept the history , " said Nadia , who did n't want to give her last name . The Kremlin declined comment for this story . Pavel Suharnikov , the press director for Moscow Metro , said , "  We do not wish to discuss this matter anymore , but I will say that I do n't see any political motivation behind the restoration of Kurskaya . " Travelers at the metro station first saw the words hailing Stalin at the start of 1950 , when the station opened as one of the grand post-World War II constructions . It was contracted by Stalin himself . "  This metro station was built by prisoners of gulags who were in there for no reason , just because . They were the ones building this station . I think all of this is simply wrong , " says Valeri M. Shevchenko , a musician , whose father suffered at the hands of Stalin 's regime . "  They came in the morning , Stalin 's police , took everyone outside and shot my grandfather in front of his family . My grandmother and her eight children , including my father who was 8 at the time , were sent to work camps . Only three children survived . " As Shevchenko looks around the metro station today , he shakes his head . Irina Sherbakova , Moscow director of the Russian-based International Memorial Society , says this new "  re-Stalinization " is a step back for democracy in Russia . "  It 's clear that our nation has declined to accept democracy and individual freedoms , as a principle . " The Memorial Society is a community of dozens of human rights organizations in different regions of Russia , Ukraine , Kazakhstan , Latvia and Georgia that formed in 1990 . It is responsible for preservation of the societal memory of the severe political persecution of the Soviet Union . The return of the anthem line at Kurskaya may prove to be culturally dividing . According to the Memorial Society , more than 40 percent of citizens favor Stalin 's rehabilitation . "  That means people do n't care about what was happening to their ancestors . There are no plaques on our buildings and in our schools . It 's not at all about restoration and preserving the memory , " says Sherbakova . Fidelgoldsh , the gulag survivor , was arrested by Stalin 's militia on the streets of Moscow in 1948 . A friend of his had admitted under questioning -- with a promise to be released -- that they had privately criticized Stalin 's regime . The two , along with another friend , were charged with anti-Soviet agitations and forming an anti-Soviet group . They were sent to a labor camp near Magadan , in eastern Russia . Fidelgoldsh was imprisoned for eight years . The friend who turned him in spent the next 30 years in various camps and prisons , where he eventually died . Fidelgoldsh shows a picture of himself at the time of his illness , which was taken by camp authorities and sent to his mother to show that her son was alive and well . He looks weak and pale . "  I nearly starved a few times . They gave me a small loaf of bread daily , but I could n't survive on that , and quickly became too thin and weak to perform , " Fidelgoldsh says . "  Eventually , I became sick with tuberculoses and spat blood . " Sherbakova , the Kremlin critic , says it 's a slippery slope when a nation like Russia appears to be rewriting history . "  No matter what our politicians may say and do , unless they are willing to accept the past for what it was and treat it properly , the current generations , who are growing up with World War II as a thing of the past , are under threat of repeating the same tragic mistakes , " Sherbakova says . Joseph Stalin became the general secretary of the Communist Party in 1922 . When Vladimir Lenin died in 1924 , Stalin essentially installed himself as the Soviet heir . Stalin purged the party of "  enemies " in what was known as the Great Terror of the 1930s . Tens of thousands of people were executed and millions were forced into the gulag labor system . CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Newly restored slogan at Moscow metro station hails Stalin , draws criticism Gulag survivor : "  For people ... whose parents were killed , this is still in their hearts " Group says 40 percent of Russians are in favor of rehabilitation of Stalin 's image "  That means people do n't care about what was happening to their ancestors "
CNN  -- Piracy is expected to pick up in the high seas off Somalia after a lull caused by monsoon season , maritime officials warned Monday . Suspected Somali pirates sit behind bars during the first hearing in their trial at Aden port court on July 15 . The Combined Maritime Forces urged crews to take up safety measures , including using recognized transit corridors in the Gulf of Aden and reporting to the European Union 's security center before transit . "  The prior preparation and vigilance of merchant mariners at all times of day and night is more important now than ever , " said Rear Admiral Caner Bener of the Combined Task Force . International forces made up of more than 30 ships and aircraft from 16 nations will continue patrolling the waters to help fight pirates , according to officials . "  While our ability to deter and disrupt attacks has improved over time , we are constantly adapting the way we do our business as the pirates adapt and modify their tactics , " Bener said . The waters off Somalia are rife with pirate activity , despite increased measures by military forces and shipping companies to ward off attacks . Heavily armed pirates have struck the busy Indian Ocean shipping lanes and the Gulf of Aden , which connects the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean . They have captured dozens of vessels and hundreds of hostages , making off with millions of dollars in ransom . It was unclear whether a ransom was paid . The Gulf of Aden , off northern Somalia , has the highest risk of piracy in the world .	Earlier this month Somali pirates release German ship held since May Its crew was unharmed , NATO says Gulf of Aden , off northern Somalia , has the highest risk of piracy in the world
Mashable  -- Facebook is apparently testing a new subscription feature that would allow users to receive alerts any time a specific friend takes certain actions on the social network . AllFacebook reports that it has noticed the new feature popping up on friends ' profiles . Facebook told the blog , "  This feature is being tested with a small percent of users . It lets people subscribe to friends and pages to receive notifications whenever the person they 've subscribed to updates their status or posts new content  photos , videos , links or notes  . " In other words , when you click to subscribe to a user , you 'll get a new Facebook notification in your notifications bar at the top of the site or on the mobile device of your choosing any time that other user posts content . Mashable.com : Old Digg crushed new Digg in reader vote We 're not sure yet if you can subscribe to someone who 's not a friend , which is much more stalker-like , or if notifications include likes and comments  right now , it sounds like they wo n't  . We at Mashable are hoping this is an opt-in  or at least an opt-out  feature . Mashable.com : Skype introduces 10-way video calling If Facebook thinks subscriptions are a useful for the majority of average users , people who might want to get special notifications for family members ' or loved ones ' activities , they 're also potentially damaging if rolled out to jealous "  frenemies , " vindictive exes or nosy bosses . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook testing feature that allows users to receive alerts when a friend takes action When you subscribe to a user , you 'll get a notification when they post content Not sure yet if you can subscribe to someone who 's not a friend
CNN  -- First came relief for Keegan Bradley , Hunter Mahan and Webb Simpson . Then thoughts turned to redemption . The trio have been selected as wildcard picks by United States Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson for the biennial team clash with Europe that starts later in September . And all three have memories from their previous appearance in golf 's most enduring team contest they are desperate to erase . For Bradley and Simpson -- both major winners -- it is banishing the demons from the "  Miracle of Medinah " two years ago . The USA was on course for its first Ryder Cup victory since 2008 , before Europe overturned a 10-6 deficit on a dramatic final day . Both Simpson and Bradley succumbed in the singles , to Ian Poulter and Rory McIlroy respectively , and are keen to make amends at Gleneagles in Scotland . "  I 've made no secret of how important this team is to me and how badly I want to go back and win the Ryder Cup , " Bradley told a press conference in New York at which Watson revealed his selections . "  I think this is a redemption year for a lot of guys who were on the team in 2012 . " Bradley returned three points in Chicago thanks to a formidable partnership with five-time major champion Phil Mickelson . The 2011 U.S. PGA Championship winner has had an up and down year but has recorded top 20 finishes in his last five events . "  He has the ability to hit the ball a long way and he came up to Gleneagles with me before the  British  Open Championship to play a practice round , " Watson explained of his decision to pick the 28-year-old . "  He teamed up great with Phil Mickelson at Medinah and the most important thing he brings to it is his unbridled passion . " Simpson , the 2012 U.S. Open champion , was 15th on the qualification points list , lower than Chris Kirk who won the most recent PGA Tour event at the Deutsche Bank Championship . He said it was "  the greatest call " he 'd ever received when Watson contacted him to tell him the news . "  It was a week that I will never forget , " he said of 2012 . "  It was one of those weeks where it felt like we were going to win and it was kind of a shock Sunday afternoon . "  I 'll never forget the feeling that I had watching the other team celebrate . They were all smiles and having fun , we had our heads down and it was n't a good feeling . "  Two years has gone by very quickly and I remember all my matches like they were yesterday . I am eager to get back in the mix and try to get back the Ryder Cup . " Medinah was Simpson 's first Ryder Cup appearance , and he won two matches and lost two . Those wins were emphatic -- 5 & 4 -- both alongside two-time Masters champion Bubba Watson . And it was those big victories that persuaded captain Watson to select him . "  After struggling with a couple of different players , who was going to be the best for the team , I had a revelation this morning , " the 64-year-old said . "  I looked at the last time the Ryder Cup was played and I see Webb Simpson 5 & 4 , Webb Simpson 5 & 4 and I said ` that 's got to be the guy ' . Webb played in 2012 , did very well . "  He has the ability to go real low but more important in our conversations , I liked his desire to be on the team . He showed such a strong desire to be in the team and he has had the performance this year to be one of the picks . " Watson 's final pick -- Hunter Mahan -- is also out for redemption , but for the 2010 Ryder Cup , having missed the last transatlantic tussle . The 2010 installment , at Celtic Manor in Wales , saw the outcome go down to Mahan 's singles match with Graeme McDowell , the Northern Irishman defeating him to seal Europe 's victory . Mahan was a long way down the points list but has enjoyed a recent surge in form , finishing seventh at the U.S. PGA Championship before winning the recent Barclays tournament in the season-ending FedEx Playoffs . "  Losing lingers , " Mahan said of his 2010 experience . "  It 's been four years , but it feels like yesterday . I remember walking off the green and everyone was having a big party , and I felt like I was walking by myself for 600 yards to the clubhouse . "  The guys had a tough time at Medinah and I had a tough time in 2010 , so we have a lot to play for on this team . Winning is everything in golf and I could not have won a bigger tournament at the right time . " Earlier on Tuesday , European captain Paul McGinley chose Steven Gallacher , Ian Poulter and Lee Westwood as his three picks . The action begins on September 26 .	United States Ryder Cup captain Tom Watson picks his three wildcard choices Keegan Bradley , Hunter Mahan and Webb Simpson make up 12-strong USA team European line-up also settled by captain Paul McGinley on Tuesday Ryder Cup begins at Gleneagles in Scotland on Friday 26 September
CNN  -- Caroline Wozniacki made it 13 straight wins in her home tournament in Copenhagen on Friday the 13th as she dispatched French hope Alize Cornet 6-0 6-3 . The former world number one is bidding for her third straight title on the hard courts of the Farum Arena and has now won 19 straight sets without reply , dating back to the 2010 semifinals . The Danish top seed will take on Petra Martic Saturday for a place in the final . "  I played well . I got a lot of first serves in and I didnÂ ´ t make any unforced errors , which always helps , of course , " Wozniacki told the official WTA website . Martic saw off Bojana Jovanovski 6-4 4-6 6-3 to make the semifinals in Copenhagen for the second year in a row . Former top-ranked Jelena Jankovic continued her improved form , having gone into the event off the back of four straight defeats . The Serbian third seed beat Kaia Kanepi 4-6 6-1 6-3 to reach her third semifinal of the year . She will play second seed Angelique Kerber , who was taken to three sets before beating fellow German Mona Barthel . Kerber trailed 5-2 and saved two match points before winning 6-2 0-6 7-5 . "  It was a very tough match . Mona played unbelievable tennis , especially in the second , where I actually had no chance , " said Kerber . Meanwhile on the clay of Barcelona , Dominika Cibulkova is the highest seed left at number three after beating Yulia Beygelzimer of the Ukraine 3-6 , 6-0 , 6-0 . Second seed Julia Georges of Germany crashed out 6-2 6-3 to Sara Errani of Italy while Sorana Cirstea of Romania ended the fine run of Olga Govortsova of the Belarus 2-6 6-1 6-3 . In other tennis news , Jennifer Capriati has been elected to the International Tennis Hall of Fame in recognition of a career which saw her win three grand slam titles and reach world number one . "  This is a dream come true and an extraordinary tribute , " she told the official WTA website . "  I truly feel humbled to be a part of history and am honored to be considered among the greatest of all time . "	Caroline Wozniacki into semifinals of WTA tournament in Copenhagen Top seed wins 13th straight match at event in beating Alize Cornet 6-0 6-3 Jelena Jankovic to play Anqelique Kerber in other semifinal Jennifer Capriati elected to Tennis Hall of Fame
CNN  -- KYRA PHILLIPS : The president said Ebola is a national security priority . How are you responding to that ? GEN. DEMPSEY : Well , it is a national security priority . I 'd be happy to explain why . But let me speak to how we 're responding to it . We 're responding to -- I actually held a roundtable months ago because I -- a very bright staff officer on the Joints staff came to me and said this is different . This outbreak is different . It 's different because it 's urbanized , it 's different because it 's a third strain of the disease . It 's different before of the fragility of the infrastructure , of the governments in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea . And so we brought in a panel of experts and we started talking about how this could evolve . And we did some parallel planning . That 's what we do , right , we plan . So AFRICOM , General Dave Rodriguez began planning for what we could do to empower and enable civil authority . You know , this is not a mil -- it 's not a military threat . But the military has some pretty unique capabilities to deal with all kinds of issues . We can provide command and control , that is to say , a central location with communications and computers and bandwidth that can help people see the situation . So command and control . Secondly is logistics . We 've got the finest logistics infrastructure in the world . So we 've got a command and control headquarters in Monrovia . We 've got an -- an intermediate logistics staging base in -- in Dakar , Senegal . We 're building a training center in Monrovia . Now , you might say , why are you building a training center ? That 's another thing we do very well , we run good boot camps . So we 're going to run a boot camp for health care workers coming from all over the world , using the Medicine Sans Frontieres program of instruction , to give those health care workers confidence that they know what they 're up against and how to follow the proper medical protocols when they 're in the hot zone . We actually are not going to play soldiers , sailors , airmen , marines , coast guardsmen in contact with patients , but we 're putting an architecture around them that will allow the health care workers to do what they 've got to do . Related : Get up to speed on the Ebola outbreak PHILLIPS : So how are you going to protect the U.S. military troops that are there and prevent them from bringing this home ? DEMPSEY : Yes , that 's a great question . And we 're going to -- first of all , we 're not going to wait until they 're there . So we also know how to train . And so we 've got a -- we 've got a system of training events prior to deployment , during deployment and during deployment , we tier them in terms of the -- the risk that they may be in contact with somebody with Ebola . So the logistician sitting in Senegal is highly unlikely to be in contact with anyone from -- from Sierra Leone , Guinea or Liberia . So they 're in a lower risk category . And we manage them differently . Those in a high risk category , we manage them better . when they get ready to come back , there will be a period of observation before they come back . And then when they come back , there will be a 20 wait -- a 21 day period of observation when they 're back here . Now , here 's what sets us apart . Most everybody else self-monitors , right ? There 's nothing self-monitor about the way the military treats our soldiers , sailors , airmen and marines , coast guards . We 'll be -- we have a chain of command . There are some staff sergeants , some 32-year-old mean as a snake staff sergeant who every day is going to look his soldiers -- I 'll use soldiers , but it 's the other services , too -- in the eye and make sure that they 're not in any way exhibiting symptoms related to Ebola . And so we will use the chain of command to monitor , supervise monitoring from the time they leave until the time they come back and beyond when they come back to make sure we 're giving our -- our -- our young men and women the best possible chance to protect themselves and also avoid the -- to avoid but not eliminate entirely the possibility that they would bring something back . Related : U.S. troops assisting in Ebola response may be quarantined PHILLIPS : Big picture , I 'm just going to throw it out there . DEMPSEY : Yes ? PHILLIPS : With this Ebola situation and -- and all the major gaps in the system that we 've seen , even the CDC director said that the agency should have taken control of that Dallas hospital , what does that tell you about the US ' -- the US ' capability to respond to a bioterror attack ? DEMPSEY : Well , we -- this wo n't surprise you , that we , through NORTHCOM , Northern Command , we have a command in the continental United States , it sits in Colorado Springs , Colorado . Its mission is to support the home -- well , it has a defensive mission to the homeland related to long-range aviation , to missiles and rockets and -- but it also has a very important mission to provide direct support to civil authority . And we have a contingency plan for managing pandemics , that is , things that would begin to exceed the capability of a particular community or a state even to deal with it . And we update it periodically . And this is one of those cases where we 're -- we 're dusting it off . We 're very closely in contact with all -- National Institutes of Health , the World Health Organization , the Centers for Disease Control , the U.S. Agency for International Development for the stuff going on overseas . We are in the planning business and we 're deeply into it with regard to this . But it 's very much a mission assigned to civil authority . PHILLIPS : So what do you say to all the Americans that are looking at this Ebola situation and are in absolute panic ? DEMPSEY : Well , I say a couple of things . One , the -- Ebola is a , to use a sports metaphor , this needs to be an away game . And that 's why the United States military is involved . We want to keep this -- we want to help international health organizations , service organizations and non-governmental organizations . We want to help them keep this in isolation inside of those three countries . But there is a risk that if we -- if we , collectively , the international community , failed to keep it isolated , that -- that it could become actually -- you 've heard all the experts . I do n't need to compete with them for , you know , to sound like I slept at a Holiday Inn Express last night . But I have studied this thing . And there is a risk that it -- that the -- the rate of reproduction , the -- the ability of one patient to affect first two and then four and then eight and then it becomes exponential . so we 've -- we 've really got to be aggressive about the isolation and treatment matters that we 're taking up . Inside the homeland , again , we 're in support of those . But I can promise you that the United States military will do its part , with civil authorities , to keep this thing from coming to our homeland . And then inside of the United States , we 've got to count on the civil organizations that are responsible for health care . PHILLIPS : Are you , General Dempsey , worried about Ebola here in the U.S. ? DEMPSEY : I 've been worried about Ebola globally for about 90 days . And I have had some on my staff that were probably a little more worried than I was even a few weeks or months before that . PHILLIPS : Why ? DEMPSEY : I 'm worried about it because it -- because we know so little about it . You know , you 'll hear different people describe whether it could become airborne . I mean if you bring two , you know , two , uh , doctors who happen to have that specialty into a room , one will say , no , there 's no way it will ever become airborne , but it could mutate so it would be harder to discover . It actually disguises itself in the body , which is what makes it so dangerous and has that incubation period of about 21 days . Another doctor will say , well , if it continues to mutate at the rate it 's mutating and if we go from 20,000 infected to 100,000 , the population might allow it the opportunity to mutate and become airborne . And then it will be an extraordinarily serious problem . I do n't know who 's right . I do n't want to take chance , so I 'm taking it very seriously .	The Pentagon is updating it 's plan for an emergency pandemic The Pentagon is creating a training center and "  boot camp " for international Ebola responders It is preferable to deal with Ebola as an "  away game , " according to Dempsey
Washington  CNN  Hillary Clinton jumped into the political story of the day late on Monday night with a tweet that compared people who deny the power of vaccines to those who question whether the earth is round or the sky is blue . Clinton is the prohibitive favorite for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 and the tweet was seemingly aimed Republican presidential hopefuls who have questioned whether vaccinations should be required and whether they are tied to mental disorders . Clinton ends the tweet with a nod to her granddaughter , Charlotte , who was born late last year . Clinton regularly used her grandmother status as a rhetorical tool while campaigning for Democrats in 2014 . Federal health officials have expressed concern over a recent measles outbreak that has been fueled by skepticism among some parents of infant vaccination schedules . Measles is a disease that children a regularly vaccinated against . The issue has become political , despite the fact that claims like vaccines leading to childhood autism have been debunked by scientific research . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky questioned the safety of vaccines when he said he had "  heard of many tragic cases of walking , talking , normal children who wound up with profound mental disorders after vaccines . " "  I 'm not arguing vaccines are a bad idea . I think they 're a good thing . But I think the parents should have some input , " he said during an interview on CNBC . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , when asked about the issue , said that he choose to vaccinate his children , but added , "  Parents need to have some measure of choice in things as well , so that 's the balance that the government has to decide . " Parents : What is your message to parents who do n't vaccinate their kids ? Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina , who is also exploring a 2016 run , told Buzzfeed that while she thinks vaccinating for the measles makes sense , the decisions should be up to the parents . But renowned neurosurgeon Ben Carson , also a potential Republican presidential candidate , broke from the pack and defended mandatory vaccinations . "  Certain communicable diseases have been largely eradicated by immunization policies in this country and we should not allow those diseases to return by foregoing safe immunization programs , for philosophical , religious or other reasons when we have the means to eradicate them , " he told Buzzfeed . But Carson aside , these comments from Paul , Christie and Fiorina contradict with what Clinton tweeted and President Barack Obama said in an interview on Sunday . "  I understand that there are families that , in some cases , are concerned about the effect of vaccinations , " Obama told NBC News before the Super Bowl . "  The science is , you know , pretty indisputable . " Both Obama and Clinton have altered their opinions on this issue , though , because during the 2008 presidential nomination fight , the two left the door open to vaccines causing autism and other issues . Obama said the science was "  inconclusive , " while Clinton wrote in an anti-vaccine questionnaire that she was "  committed to make investments to find the causes of autism , including possible environmental causes like vaccine . " The Republican National Committee noted that Clinton altered her position in a statement to CNN on Tuesday . "  Since Hillary Clinton is running for President Obama 's third term , it 's no surprise she abruptly changed her position just 24 hours after he restated his , " said spokesman Michael Short .	Hillary Clinton compared the anti-vaccine position to questioning whether the sky was blue or the earth was round Some Republican presidential hopefuls have questioned the safety of vaccines and whether they should be required
CNN  -- A North Carolina woman pleaded guilty to filing fraudulent claims for relief from the Gulf oil disaster , authorities said . Charlette Johnson pleaded guilty to two counts of submitting false claims to a federal agency , two counts of aggravated identity theft and eight counts of wire fraud in Raleigh , North Carolina , on Monday , prosecutors said . Johnson , 41 , was the first person to be charged with fraud in connection with relief from the BP oil spill , a Department of Justice spokeswoman said . She may also be the first person to plead guilty of the seven people charged with fraud in connection with the oil spill , the spokeswoman said . But the BP oil spill was n't the only disaster for which Johnson fraudulently applied for relief , authorities said . Johnson also fraudulently claimed she needed assistance for property damage "  caused by Hurricane Katrina for a home in New Orleans that she never owned and in which she never lived , " federal authorities said in a statement Johnson also placed a claim in the name of her sister for "  damage caused by the wildfires to a home in Malibu , California , that neither she , nor her sister , had ever owned , and in which neither she nor her sister had ever lived . " In all , Johnson was able to fraudulently obtain more than $ 75,000 in four years from the Federal Emergency Management Agency , according to court documents . For some of the time Johnson committed the fraud , she was on active duty with the Army and was stationed at Fort Bragg in North Carolina , court documents said . Johnson also goes by the first name Charlotte Johnson . For one of the claims she used her name , Charlette Johnson . Later she used other names such as Minnie Blount , Robert Garner , Sabrina Conner , Lexxus Johnson and Otis McNeil . "  When someone seeks to profit from tragic disasters and attempts to trade on other peoples ' misfortune for personal gain through lies and deceit , they will be held to account for their actions , " said U.S. Attorney George Holding of the eastern district of North Carolina . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	Charlette Johnson was the first person to be charged with fraud in the Gulf oil spill She also filed force claims in Hurricane Katrina and a wildfire in California , authorities said Her false claims totaled more than $ 75,000 , authorities said
Las Vegas  CNN  -- For David Shafter , it should have been a dream : A crush of excited people swarming his booth at the International Consumer Electronics Show , where his startup is launching its first product . But all the people hoisting cameras and raising themselves on tiptoe for a better view Wednesday afternoon were n't there to see his robot . They were angling for a peek at pop star Justin Bieber , who was making an appearance at the booth next door . "  We 're pretty much shut down , " said Shafter with a weary look of resignation , as rubberneckers squealed and shouted "  Justin ! " in the background . "  We ca n't run our demos . " Shafter 's fledgling company , Xybotyx , is making its first appearance at CES to introduce its Xybot , a hockey-puck-shaped robotic device that zips around on little wheels , controlled by an iPhone or iPod Touch . Owners can download apps to their phone that give the robot specific behaviors , like avoiding obstacles . The gadget will go on sale this spring at the quirky price of $ 111.11 . But none of the hundreds of people pressed up against his booth cared about that . They only had eyes for the teen singer with the sideswept hair who was greeting fans nearby at the TOSY booth , where he made an appearance on behalf of that company 's new mRobo , a portable speaker that morphs , "  Transformers " style , into a little dancing robot . Middle-aged tech execs are n't exactly Bieber 's demographic , but many onlookers said they were there to get photos or autographs for their teen-age kids . Some people even asked if they could climb atop Shafter 's plywood demo table to get a better view .  The answer was no . "  It 's the best of times , it 's the worst of times , " grumbled Shafter 's business partner , Xybotyx co-founder Dan McShan , surveying the madness surrounding him . "  We 're trying to get him  Bieber  to defect . " Shafter said he was planning to approach CES officials about compensating him for his lost booth time during Bieber 's two-hour appearance . "  It 's definitely costing us valuable hours of time with our target audience , " McShan said . In the meantime , however , Shafter had another plan : If he could n't beat them , he was going to join them . He placed one of his robots on the floor and , using his iPhone , began navigating it toward Bieber in the hopes of getting a remote-controlled picture . "  I was driving it up to the Bieb , " he said with a grin a few minutes later . "  I made it about halfway there . But the security guard grabbed it . "	Entrepreneurs had misfortune of a CES booth next to where Justin Bieber was appearing Rubberneckers overwhelmed their Xybotyx booth , but not to see their robot Startup co-founder : "  It 's the best of times , it 's the worst of times "
CNN  -- Juventus maintained a three-point lead at the top of Serie A with a convincing 4-0 win at Novara on Sunday to stay on course for a first league title in nine years . Two goals from Mirko Vucinic and one a piece for Marco Borriello and Arturo Vidal earned Juventus their eighth straight win and takes their league tally to 77 points with three matches remaining . "  Three days ago Novara beat Lazio so we knew it would n't be easy but we got the early goal and we kept our concentration right until the end , " Juventus coach , Antonio Conte said . "  We are getting closer and we are the masters of our own destiny . The squad has gone from strength to strength , driven by a great desire for success , " Conte added . Novara , meanwhile , remain mired in relegation troubles -- second-from bottom and still eight points adrift of safety . Juventus ' nearest rivals AC Milan kept up the pressure with a 4-1 at Siena . Antonio Cassano opened the scoring in the 26th minute -- his first goal since returning from heart surgery in November -- with Zlatan Ibrahimovic netting three minutes later . Albanian striker Erjon Bogdani halved the deficit for Siena in the 83rd minute but Milan made sure of three points with two late goals . The first came from Antonio Nocerino in the 89th minute before Ibrahimovic bagged his second of the game and his 26th league goal of the season . Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri has not yet given up hope of the Rossoneri regaining the title they won 12 months ago . "  We will try to push until the end but if they finish ahead of us then they deserve to win . We do n't want to be finish many points behind Juventus . In two years we 've won a league and a Super Cup and been competitive in the Champions League , " Allegri said . Fifth-placed Inter Milan beat already relegated Cesena 2-1 in the San Siro to draw level on 55 points with Napoli and Lazio as the three teams battle for the third Champions League place . Luca Ceccarelli put Cesena ahead in the 57th minute but Nigerian midfielder Joel Obi equalized two minutes later before substitute Mauro Zarate scored the Nerazzurri 's winner in the 72nd minute . In other matches , mid-table Atalanta climbed to ninth with a 2-0 win over 16th-placed Fiorentina . Genoa remain one place and one point above the relegation zone after a 3-2 defeat at Bologna . Third-from-bottom Lecce also lost going down 2-1 at home to Parma .	Juventus beat 4-0 to remain three points clear at the top of Serie A AC Milan also win , defeating Siena 4-1 Juventus head table on 77 points with three games remaining
CNN  Each day , we 're transported to a beautiful place somewhere in the world and it 's all thanks to you . This virtual vacation comes about each morning , when CNN producers select a user-submitted photo to be our Travel Photo of the Day . This year , we visited Angkor Wat in Cambodia and the Danakil Depression in Ethiopia . 2014 was bursting with gorgeous travel photography . We 've selected 25 standout images from the series as a thank you to our community . Click through the gallery above to see our choices , and tell us your favorite in the comments below . Have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share ? Submit it for the gallery at CNN iReport !	See more travel photos featured this year Check out more iReport galleries : Glorious Ireland , beautiful beaches Follow us on Twitter @cnnireport and @CNNTravel
A single mom down on her luck was caught shoplifting at a Miami supermarket , but she did n't get hauled off to jail . Instead , the officer who responded to the call from the Publix supermarket last month did something that brought the suspect to tears . Jessica Robles told CNN affiliate WSVN she was desperate and had no money to pay for groceries for her daughter and two young sons . According to Miami-Dade Police , Robles walked out of the store in late September with a cart carrying $ 300 worth of groceries that she did n't pay for . When Officer Vicki Thomas asked Robles why she did it , the young mother said her children were hungry . Thomas looked at Robles ' criminal history and did n't find any major charges , WSVN reported . Instead of being taken into custody , Robles was issued a notice to appear in court and charged with a misdemeanor . When the officer asked if she had food at home , Robles said , "  I looked at her in her face , and I told her , ` Not at all . ' " Robles ' 12-year-old daughter Anais described the family 's dire situation to WSVN . Police officer goes above and beyond to rescue dog It 's "  not fun , " she said , "  to see my brother in the dirt hungry , asking for food , and we have to tell him , ` There is nothing here . ' " Thomas decided -- in addition to telling Robles about food banks , churches and other places she could get food -- she was going to help Robles and her family . "  I made the decision to buy her some groceries because arresting her was n't going to solve the problem with her children being hungry , " she said . Thomas went back inside Publix and purchased $ 100 worth of groceries for the family . She told CNN on Tuesday she used her debit card . "  I have done similar things before , and the people I work with have also done similar things , " said Thomas , a 23-year police veteran . Seeing Robles ' sons rummaging through the bags was more than reward enough for her act of generosity , Thomas told WSVN . Store rewards honest shoppers "  To see them go through the bags when we brought them in , it was like Christmas , " she said . "  That $ 100 to me was worth it . " Robles said the family ran out of money after her boyfriend lost his job and a paperwork issue stopped the federal assistance they had been receiving . Thomas told Robles she was going to require one favor in return for the free groceries . "  The only thing I asked of her is , when she gets on her feet , that she help someone else out , " the officer said . "  And she said she would . " Since the story came out , Thomas said she had n't talked to Robles -- though she would like to -- but has been "  overwhelmed with people thanking me , " including some fellow officers . One man even called police offering to buy groceries for the family , she said . The officer said she 's been most moved by the public gratitude of Anais , whom she did not meet that day . "  Her ` thank you ' touched me a great deal , " Thomas said . "  She was very sincere , and that made it all worthwhile . " Note on a napkin , ` This meal is on us '	The officer says she used her debit card to pay for the alleged shoplifter 's food Officer Vicki Thomas says she 's done such things before , as have other officers Jessica Robles says she was desperate , her children were hungry Robles , who is charged with a misdemeanor , promised to pay it forward someday
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- A car bomb in the Russian republic of Dagestan killed a driver and injured a government official and his two bodyguards on Saturday , state-run news agencies said . Bekmurza Bekmurzayev -- Dagestan 's minister of national policy , Information and external relations -- received minor , non life-threatening , injuries , Itar-Tass reported . Investigators said the victims were headed to work in two cars from the minister 's apartment in Makhachkala , the region 's capital , when a device at the bottom of one of the vehicles exploded seconds later and caused a fire . It was n't clear which car Bekmurzayev was riding in . Bekmurzayev was targeted because of his work , Itar-Tass said . Similar attacks in 2003 and 2005 killed his two predecessors , Russia Today said . Moscow has been targeting terrorism in Dagestan and other regions of the Caucasus , such as Ingushetia and Chechnya . In recent years , Dagestan has faced ethnic friction , spillover from the discord in neighboring Chechnya and attacks on government officials by Islamists , the International Crisis Group said .	Dagestan is in the turbulent Caucasus region The minister suffered from minor injuries Similar attacks killed his predecessors
London  CNN  -- Former German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder once said to me , in the margins of a European summit : "  There must be something weird about Britain that you have the press you have . " There is . Also , as I said to the Leveson Inquiry into the practices and standards of the British press set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal , one of Rupert Murdoch 's Australian editors once said to me : "  The British papers are the best in the world , and the worst in the world , sometimes in the same edition . " That was an astute observation too . Rupert Murdoch 's titles drew most of the fire in the Leveson Inquiry , which also heard outrageous examples of how certain sections of the British newspaper industry treated both the powerful and the weak with contempt , and there are several court cases outstanding as a result of allegations of criminal activity . In the wake of the inquiry many commentators -- and newspaper owners -- argued that any regulation that came out of it would have terrible implications for free speech in Britain . Despite concern among ordinary readers that much of Fleet Street is out of control , the government has yet to introduce formally the independent self-regulation of the newspaper industry recommended by Leveson . This week the Privy Council meets to decide on a course of action . You 'd have thought on that basis the press , if only for its own tactical reasons , might at least curb its worst excesses while that process reaches its conclusion , if not even learn the lessons of the public revulsion that accompanied what emerged at the inquiry . But you 'd be wrong . Two years ago it was Murdoch 's News International that was up to no good . Now the Daily Mail is at the center of a storm as a debate rages following its publication of an article about Labour leader Ed Miliband 's father headlined "  The Man Who Hated Britain . " The story was accompanied on the website by a picture -- later removed -- of Miliband Senior 's burial plot captioned "  grave socialist . " The Mail is certainly commercially successful , one of the few papers still to be selling in good numbers , and now with the most visited newspaper website in the world . But many people in public life -- along with campaigners who protested outside the Mail 's offices in West London -- now view the Mail Group itself as the worst polluter of standards and debaser of public life , something I have argued for many years . One or two people -- though far fewer than those who have supported my attacks on him -- feel I have gone over the top in describing editor-in-chief Paul Dacre as the biggest poison in British public life , a bully , a hypocrite and a coward who wo n't even defend his actions in public . He is all of those things . Even in his ludicrous attempts to get lackeys and minions out on TV justifying the attack on Miliband 's dead father , he has claimed the Labour leader wants "  state control " of the press and "  politicians to decide what goes in newspapers . " That is the opposite of what Miliband said to the Leveson Inquiry . Other editors are furious at Dacre 's tactical ineptitude , fearing that one possible consequence of the Mail 's vicious attack on Miliband may be to bring about tougher regulation of Britain 's press . In fact I think the politicians have sufficient commitment to freedom of the press not to allow this vicious row to sidetrack them from seeking to implement the kind of system both press and public can support . But what is clear is that it can not have the bellowing voice of Dacre 's papers setting the agenda . I last spoke to Dacre in the last century , when I realised there was no point even trying to have reasonable or rational debate with him . As Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg pointed out last week , it is not just Labour that Dacre hates , he hates anyone and anything that does not fit with his narrow , twisted and in my view sociopathic view of the world . The forefathers of the Daily Mail 's owner , Jonathan Harmsworth , supported Adolf Hitler , and congratulated the Nazi leader on his annexation of Czechoslovakia . Today 's Mail says this is irrelevant . Yet the basis on which they wrote a piece headlined "  the man who hated Britain " was something Miliband 's dad wrote in his diary when he was 17 . Yet again , one rule for them , another for everyone else . Like when they complained on Wednesday that TV reporters were doorstepping their staff . Irony does not do this justice . On Sunday , it was also alleged the paper is owned through off-shore funds based in tax havens . So much for backing Britain ! When the Mail on Sunday was forced to issue an apology for their gate-crashing of a private memorial event for Ed Miliband 's uncle this week , the editor said it was totally at odds with the values and practices of the paper . On the contrary it is totally consistent . They have operated like this for years . As for Dacre , his career and his reputation are ending where I always knew basic British decency would ensure they would -- in the gutter to which he has dragged British journalism . Paul Dacre and the Daily Mail have not replied to CNN 's request for comment . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alastair Campbell .	This week regulation of Britain 's newspaper industry is back in the spotlight Alastair Campbell says in wake of hacking scandal , papers should be on good behavior Daily Mail 's attack on Labour leader Ed Miliband 's father threatens freedoms - Campbell He says Mail itself is worst polluter of standards and debaser in public life
CNN  -- Monday night 's inaugural CNN/Tea Party Debate revealed more about the current Republican presidential field than we 've seen in any previous debate . In the same way that the tea party has dramatically changed the course of national politics , this debate could change the course of the presidential race . Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who is strongly embraced by the tea party , revealed Monday night what one might call a moderate or liberal side on a number of issues , opening the door to potential conservative criticism or perhaps an embrace from moderates . Picking up where the last debate left off , the battle lines were drawn early over Social Security . CNN 's Wolf Blitzer wasted no time in teeing up a Perry versus Mitt Romney showdown over Social Security reform . Perry stood by his original Social Security remarks , calling the program "  a broken system . " He promised seniors that Social Security would remain intact under his watch , but said it needed real reform . In response , Romney revealed a new aggressive and combative side that we 've rarely seen before . Romney sharply attacked Perry 's use of the term "  Ponzi scheme , " saying it is over the top , unnecessary , and frightens people . In response , Perry calmly replied that rather than scaring seniors , it 's time to have a legitimate conversation in this country about how to fix Social Security . Round one went to Perry , but it quickly changed after that . Michele Bachmann , founder of the Tea Party Caucus , was a crowd favorite all night . She moved to the right of Romney and Perry all night and made it a key point to emphasize personal responsibility over government oversight , winning loud applause from the crowd . While she refused to attack Perry 's comments about the Federal Reserve , she pulled no punches when it came to his decision requiring girls to get vaccinated for the HPV virus -- saying it was "  just flat out wrong " and "  a violation of a liberty interest " -- and accused Perry of catering to big pharmaceutical interests . Sen. Rick Santorum piggybacked off Bachmann 's comments and dealt some of the toughest shots against Perry all night . Santorum , a longtime champion of individual liberty , said Perry 's decision was "  big government run amok , " receiving loud applause . It was one of Perry 's weaker moments , especially with the tea party crowd . Another tea party favorite , former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich , did well with the crowd . Gingrich continued his narrative against the mainstream liberal media and shunned any attempt to criticize his fellow Republicans , while playing smartly to the tea party 's vision of shrinking government to match revenue , not raising taxes to catch up with government spending , as he said . The most revealing moments of the debate occurred as the dialogue shifted from economic issues to immigration and foreign policy . Perry found himself in the hot seat after staunchly supporting a Texas law that grants in-state tuition to the children of undocumented immigrants , saying that immigration is a states ' rights issue . He also criticized a border fence as unrealistic , saying , "  The idea that you 're going to build a wall from Brownsville to El Paso and go left for another 800 miles to Tijuana is just not reality . " Jon Huntsman railed against Perry , saying , "  For Rick to say that you ca n't secure the border I think is pretty much a treasonous comment . " Bachmann joined in and compared Perry 's position on in-state tuition to the DREAM Act , supported by President Obama . And for the final blow , Romney said that Perry 's immigration plan would only promote and encourage an influx of illegal aliens . The topic of foreign policy was left for second-to-last and given only a few minutes of consideration , but the responses were noteworthy , and somewhat discouraging . Perry found himself awkwardly agreeing with Huntsman 's call to bring home the troops in Afghanistan , while failing to put forward his own substantive plan on the Afghan war . Many on the right will be disappointed in what they heard Monday night , a day after the tenth anniversary of the September 11 attacks . In the end , tea party favorites like Bachmann , Gingrich , Santorum and Herman Cain were the winners , though polls may not move much . Perry was on the defensive all night and , despite his reputation nationally , he came across as "  liberal " on some issues , criticized from the right on the vaccination issue , immigration , and Afghanistan . But some in the center might have warmed to Perry and some of his non-tea party stances . It remains to be seen whether his standing with conservatives will weaken -- at this point I doubt that it will . And once again , Romney was able to escape unharmed from a not-so-friendly crowd by shifting his attacks toward Perry and tacking away from some of his more center-right positions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : CNN/Tea Party Debate may change course of presidential race He says Rick Perry adopted a moderate or even liberal stance on some issues Other candidates attacked Perry on immigration , HPV vaccine , Social Security Bennett : Tea party favorites like Michele Bachmann had a good night
London  CNN  -- Britain 's "  Iron Lady " will be hospitalized through Christmas after undergoing surgery to remove a growth in her bladder , the Press Association news agency reported Monday . Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , 87 , was doing "  absolutely fine " after the operation last week , spokeswoman Gillian Penrose said Friday . But a spokesman said that given Thatcher 's age , he does n't expect the ex-premier to leave the hospital for a few more days , the Press Association said . Read more : Margaret Thatcher ` absolutely fine ' after surgery Britain 's only female prime minister , Thatcher served from 1979 to 1990 as leader of the Conservative Party . She was called the "  Iron Lady " for her personal and political toughness . She enjoyed a close friendship and working relationship with the late U.S. President Ronald Reagan , with whom she shared similar conservative views . Thatcher retired from public life after a stroke in 2002 and suffered several strokes after that . She makes few public appearances . Thatcher missed a reception in honor of her 85th birthday hosted by Prime Minister David Cameron in October 2010 and skipped the unveiling of a statue of Reagan in London in July last year . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Thatcher 's spokeswoman says she had a growth in her bladder removed Thatcher , 87 , was Britain 's only female prime minister and held office from 1979 to 1990 She retired from public life in 2002 and suffered several strokes after that
