Washington  CNN  -- On Capitol Hill , the beginning of this year will look a lot like the end of last year . The fight over extending a payroll tax cut and long-term unemployment benefits picks back up Tuesday as Congress returns to work after its winter break . While aides in both parties say it 's likely Congress will resolve that dispute , Republicans are still licking their wounds after a public backlash over how they handled those issues and fear that Senate Democrats will drag out the fight to score more political points in an election year . And Democrats are concerned that House Republicans will insist on adding more items to the measures to try to keep conservatives on board . The presidential campaign will take center stage this year . President Barack Obama already has made clear he plans to run against a "  do-nothing " Congress and will likely highlight that theme during the annual State of the Union address next week . Facing that high-profile push against them , and with congressional approval ratings in the single digits and the fight for control of both chambers in the balance , lawmakers know they have a heavy lift to convince voters they deserve re-election . Democrats , who run the Senate , and Republicans , who control the House , acknowledge that outside of the payroll tax cut bill no major legislation is expected to make it through Congress this year . However , each party promises a series of bills to advance what it thinks the public wants from Capitol Hill in response to the weak economy . For both sides , these efforts will be more about political messaging than actually legislating because few , if any , are likely to become law . Congressional tensions This week House Republicans will huddle at their annual three-day retreat in Baltimore to map out their 2012 agenda and strategy for responding to President Obama and Congressional Democrats . But high on the agenda at that meeting for House Speaker John Boehner is likely to be an effort to bridge severe divisions with his own rank-and - file , many of whom questioned his leadership over the course of several showdowns with the White House and Democrats last year . Conservatives want Boehner to be more aggressive in standing for their principles . Tensions between Senate Democrats and Republicans are also high . The president 's decision earlier this month to make a recess appointment of Richard Cordray to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau while the Congress was technically not recessed drew a swift and angry response from Republicans . Top GOP aides privately grumbled the move set a bad tone for the coming year and invited Republicans to be even less cooperative . And with key economic nominees needing Senate confirmation , including a new Director of Office of Management and Budget after Jack Lew was named White House chief of staff , Republicans could cause problems for the president and Senate Democrats . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " that Congress spent months on issues unnecessarily last year , pointing out that President Ronald Reagan raised the debt ceiling 18 times while in the White House . "  We 've had obstructionism on steroids , " Reid said . A top Senate Democratic leadership aide said the party is n't overly concerned . That 's because Democrats believe GOP obstructionism is at such a high level now -- where filibusters are routine -- they already expect a major fight on every nominee . Finishing the payroll tax cut bill When Congress limped out of town before Christmas , it agreed to a two-month extension of a bill that cuts payroll taxes , extends unemployment benefits and prevents a cut in the rate paid to doctors who care for Medicare patients . As they begin talks on an extension for the rest of 2012 , both sides remain highly skeptical and suspicious of each other . Questions linger for congressional negotiators -- how to pay for the $ 200 billion price tag and whether to tighten requirements for unemployment benefits . Democrats are worried Republicans will push for other issues , such as renewing their demand for the approval of the controversial Keystone XL oil pipeline or the elimination of a range of EPA regulations on businesses . Some in the GOP are wary the White House and Senate Democrats will try again to pass a surtax on millionaires -- something even some Democrats do n't support -- as a way of painting the GOP as protectors of the rich . "  The only way this process will not go smoothly and through regular order is if the White House chooses to disrupt it for political reasons , " said Michael Steel , spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner . Informal discussions between House and Senate negotiators have already begun . Reid told "  Meet the Press " that he hopes the tea party faction in the House does n't have the same influence on talks that it did in December 's impasse , calling that "  bad for the country . " "  I would hope the two Republican leaders would have learned from what took place in the previous year , " Reid said . Debt ceiling again Right out of the gate when Congress returns , lawmakers will have to respond formally to the president 's recent request to raise the debt ceiling . As part of the choreography agreed to last summer , members will get a chance to vote against the president 's request , but it 's mostly for show because the reality is Congress does n't have the votes to block an increase . Two other significant bills need attention this winter . One is a new Federal Aviation Administration bill that is stalled over disputes on labor rights and a costly government program to subsidize air travel to rural areas . Senators also want to pass a highway bill that would fund road and bridge construction for the next two years . Obama is supposed to formally submit his budget for 2013 in February . Last year , Republicans criticized his budget for failing to reform entitlement programs like Medicare and Social Security , which represent the bulk of the nation 's massive budget deficit . "  If he punts again , it will be clear the White House plans to spend the year on autopilot . We think that would be unacceptable to the American people , " Boehner 's aide said . On the Keystone matter , the administration already is facing a congressionally mandated deadline on February 21 to approve the project or explain why it wo n't . Democrats say they expect the White House to reject the plan -- because the administration has said it ca n't finish its environmental review by then -- but Republicans are promising to continue to hammer the administration on the issue . Bills to help the economy and send a message to voters In addition to their push for Keystone , House Republicans are planning votes early this year on legislation that would expand domestic energy production and upgrade transportation infrastructure across the country . The bill will include offshore drilling , energy exploration in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge  ANWR  , as well as give money to states along with more flexibility to build roads and bridges . The new spending on highway projects would be offset by revenue from oil and gas leases . But the White House is unlikely to support the GOP proposals and they are unlikely to go anywhere in the Democratic-led Senate . Even without much hope for actually passing these bills House Republican aides stress they will continue focusing on measures to boost the weak economy to show they are responding to voters ' concerns , and they emphasize that many of these proposals have had Democratic support . "  The House is going to continue to work hard to produce results for small businesses , working families and middle class Americans , " one House GOP aide told CNN . "  If the president wishes to ignore Congress and play political games , that 's his decision , but by doing so he will own the gridlock , " the aide said . In addition to the bills on jobs , the House also is expected to take up legislation to make more transparent members of Congress ' stock trades and other financial transactions . GOP leaders plan to vote on the so-called "  STOCK Act " which would ban lawmakers from using any non-public information to trade stocks or make other financial transactions . Senate Democrats want to draw a line to job creation with almost everything they do this year . That starts with the highway and FAA bills , which Democrats say will create thousands of jobs . It will then continue all year with a myriad of bills Democrats think will prove to a wary public they are putting jobs first . A measure to fund school construction is another example of a bill Democrats hope to highlight . Lawmakers from both parties say they are determined before the end of the year to prevent deep cuts to the defense budget as called for after the deficit reduction "  super committee " failed to reach a deal to slash the deficit . Aides said serious work to find alternative spending reductions probably wo n't happen until after the election in November . Control of Congress As voters go to the polls this year , members are expected to spend less time in Washington and more time in their districts making the case for why their party ought to be steering the country 's economic agenda . Democrats need to pick up 25 seats to regain control of the House -- a high hurdle , but one many Democrats feel is within reach because they think voters will blame Republicans for the gridlock in Washington . Senate Republicans feel more confident they can win control of their chamber , especially after the retirements of several key Democratic senators in states that lean Republican . Right now the Democrats hold a 53-47 advantage . But Democrats are defending 23 seats this year while Republicans are working to hold just 10 . The recent announcement by Sen. Ben Nelson , a conservative Democrat from Nebraska , that he would not seek re-election is seen by Republicans as another sign Democrats will lose majority control .	Fight over payroll tax cut and long-term unemployment benefits picks back up Members will get a chance to vote against the president 's debt ceiling increase request Members will spend less time in Washington , more time in their districts during this election year
CNN  -- When faced with a home full of his estranged wife 's relatives , police say , Ronald Lee Haskell opened fire . When faced with a judge , he collapsed . The episode Friday in a Texas courtroom reportedly came during a reading of the six capital murder charges facing the 33-year-old suspect . Two law enforcement officials held Haskell for 20 about seconds before sitting him on the floor . They then put him in a desk chair and wheeled him out of the courtroom . Yet Haskell returned -- in time for the judge to set his arraignment for August 14 . Then , he will likely hear the murder charges again , for the four children and two adults he allegedly fatally gunned down . It 's hard to comprehend the extent of the bloodshed or the apparent horror of the scene . Yet reports suggest that people close to him felt threatened by him well before the mass murder in Texas this week . Even his own mother . Father of victim : Survivor called 911 , likely ` saved all of our lives ' According to the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department , Karla Haskell and her son got into an argument July 2 at the home they shared in San Marcos , California . As she attempted to leave and call for help , "  Ronald physically restrained her and prevented her from leaving , " a news release from the department said . After her daughter returned home to find her -- which happened around 8 p.m. , hours after the incident began -- Karla Haskell relayed her story to a sheriff 's deputy . And , at the deputy 's recommendation , she obtained a temporary restraining order against her son . Meanwhile , the California sheriff 's department deputies began looking for Ronald Lee Haskell or his truck . They did n't find either . In fact , authorities did n't catch up with him until exactly one week later . That came after a three-hour standoff in Texas , at the end of which Ronald Lee Haskell was taken into custody . By then , the full , gory details of what authorities say he did had become painfully clear . Texas authorities said Haskell entered a Spring , Texas , home demanding to know the whereabouts of his estranged wife , Melannie Haskel . She was not there , but that did n't stop him from killing -- according to the Harris County Sheriff 's Office -- Stephen Stay , 39 ; Katie Stay , 33 ; two boys , ages 13 and 4 ; and two girls , ages 9 and 7 . Harris County Precinct 4 Constable Ron Hickman said a victim called to notify police "  of the location that she believed that he may go from there . " There was only one person -- a 15-year-old girl -- who survived the attack ; authorities indicated she was critically wounded , though a relative later said she should make a full recovery . Roger Lyon , father of Katie Stay , credited that teenager for "  her bravery and courage in calling 911 , an act that is likely to have saved all of our lives . "  She is our hero . " Estranged wife accused Haskell of dragging , hitting her Karla Haskell was n't the only person who had sought protection against Ronald Lee Haskell . So , too , did his estranged wife , Melannie . Police in Logan City , Utah , said Thursday that officers responded to a domestic violence complaint in June 2008 in which Melannie Haskell accused her husband of dragging her by the hair and hitting her in the head in front of their children . Ronald Haskell was subsequently charged with domestic assault and domestic violence in the presence of a child . Those charges were eventually dropped after a plea deal was reached . Utah police said Melannie Haskell in August of 2013 reported a protective order violation in which she alleged Ronald Haskell threatened her and her lawyer . She alleged another such violation that October , saying that he had shown up at one of their children 's elementary schools . As police noted , "  neither protective order violation was prosecuted . " Police : N.C. grandfather shoots father , kid kills grandpa Man questioned in fatal Tennessee armory shooting Deputy 's fatal shooting of boy carrying fake rifle ruled lawful CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , John Branch , Jason Hanna , Ed Payne , Dave Alsup and Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Authorities : Ron Lee Haskell 's mother had a restraining order against him This came after he allegedly "  physically restrained " her following an argument A week later , police say Haskell fatally shot 6 of his estranged wife 's kin , including 4 children He collapses in court , reportedly as the capital murder charges against him are read aloud
If you want to know how U.S. schoolchildren are performing , you do n't have to look far : A wealth of information is available , thanks to the National Assessment of Educational Progress . Go online and see , for instance , that Massachusetts children outperform those in Texas , that average math scores have gone up nationally over the past 20 years and that the District of Columbia was the only urban district to improve in math and reading in grades 4 and 8 last year . But what if you want to know how much students are learning in college ? Here , the trail grows cold . The Obama administration 's proposed college ratings would measure access , affordability and outcomes such as graduation rates -- all of which are well worth tracking . But there 's no proposal to find a way to measure student learning . This failure to examine systematically what is , after all , the core mission of colleges is a big problem for U.S. higher education . We 're awash in efforts to improve the quality and cost-effectiveness of our colleges . But without a better base of comparative evidence , we wo n't really know how these reforms affect learning . That 's why it 's time for NAEP to go to college . Tests of what college students know are nothing new , of course , within individual classrooms and institutions . Comparative , standardized measures are rarer , though -- and much more controversial among college leaders . There 's the Collegiate Learning Assessment , or CLA + , which examines critical thinking , reading and writing skills and is administered to small samples of undergraduates at about 200 colleges each year . But many wary administrators contend the CLA should be used for self-assessment and career placement rather than college-to-college comparisons . And some wo n't make their data public . That may be no surprise : a 2011 book drawing on CLA data found dismayingly low levels of student learning across the nation . It 's the same with the National Survey of Student Engagement . A growing number of colleges use this survey , which does n't measure learning directly but asks students about things such as how often they write long papers or talk with professors outside class . However , many still do n't release the results off-campus , preferring to use them for internal improvement . An intriguing new initiative led by Massachusetts will compare student learning across nine states by evaluating work such as student papers and lab reports . But because it will consciously avoid standardized tests , its ability to make credible cross-state comparisons may be limited . The enormous advantages of an integrated , independent national test are clear . Like the NAEP used in elementary and secondary schools , a college NAEP could be administered to representative samples of students around the country . It would provide broad national and state-level results , including a breakdown of learning outcomes by race and socioeconomic status , and trends over time . It would n't assess individual colleges , which should alleviate the  overblown  anxieties of educators worried about curriculum-narrowing or one-size-fits-all rankings . Still , the idea has long been contentious . It last received serious consideration more than 20 years ago , when the National Education Goals Panel recommended a voluntary national assessment to gauge the number of college graduates with advanced critical thinking and problem-solving skills . But higher education groups torpedoed the proposal . They argued , among other things , that a single measure would be unfair to institutions with large proportions of disadvantaged students , including community colleges . Today , a collegiate NAEP would undoubtedly face similar objections . In fact , even as an idea , it already has -- in rather dramatic terms . Clifford Adelman , senior associate at the Institute for Higher Education Policy , contended recently that the "  shadow of a government test , " taken by very different kinds of students , studying a variety of subjects at a wide range of institutions , "  is enough to freeze the soul , let alone elementary statistical sanity . " But objections based on the diverse nature of American higher ed do n't carry a lot of weight when lobbed at a sample-based test of vital academic skills that any student should be learning at any college . Indeed , testing expert Gary Phillips of the American Institutes of Research , who once ran NAEP , has sketched a persuasive vision of a new experimental test that could make cross-state comparisons and also provide achievement data for different groups of institutions , from community colleges and liberal arts schools to Ivy League universities . The next time a state boasts about the prowess of its universities , would n't it be nice to have an objective yardstick -- a reality-check that shows how those undergrads stack up academically against their peers in the rest of the country ? It 's an appealing prospect . Why not give it a try ?	Ben Wildavsky : You can find lots of information on U.S. schoolchildren 's performance But no tests exist to find out how students are doing in higher education , he says Wildavsky : We need evidence to be able to see how reforms affect learning at college It also would be helpful to find out how undergrads stack up academically , he says
CNN  -- The 8.9-magnitude earthquake and coastline-devouring tsunami that hit Japan has led 49 countries , the European Union and even the International Atomic Energy Agency to band together and offer relief to the devastated island nation . With Japan 's death toll at 686 people , the international relief effort has been spurred by the stark , globally televised videos of homes and offices rattled to near collapse and entire waterfront communities being washed away by a rising ocean . The international community 's assistance complemented the United States ' expansive relief mission , which includes supplies , several warships , search-and-rescue teams , radiation-contamination specialists , and two officials from the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission with expertise in boiling water nuclear reactors . On Sunday , the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan arrived off the coast of Honshu to support Japanese forces in disaster relief operations , the U.S. Department of Defense said in a statement . Also Sunday , the Chinese government sent a 15-member team to assist in the search for survivors , Xinhua News Agency reported . The team brought with them four tons of equipment and material for the search as well to provide power and telecommunications to areas that have temporarily lost those services because of the quake . In addressing one of the bigger potential threats , the international atomic agency 's Incident and Emergency Centre has offered technical assistance to Japan in the wake of an explosion at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . An evacuation order for a 20-kilometer  12.4-mile  radius around the plant is affecting tens of thousands of people . On Saturday , the United Kingdom said it was sending a team of 59 fire service search-and-rescue specialists , two rescue dogs and a medical support team , according to the Foreign and Commonwealth Office . With a scheduled arrival on Sunday , the crew will immediately join the international search for survivors in shattered and inundated communities , the British office said . The teams will take up to 11 tonnes of rescue equipment , including heavy lifting and cutting equipment to extract people trapped in debris , the government said . The UK foreign office also dispatched a 10-member consular response team , including British Red Cross workers , to Japan on Saturday morning , the government said . South Korea is sending two rescue dogs , two handlers and three assistants to carry out what are expected to be dramatic searches of people inside collapsed structures . The rescue teams were scheduled to arrive Saturday , Japan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said in a written statement . In China , Premier Wen Jiabao , who expressed "  deep sympathy " to the Japanese government and people , made a formal offer of assistance . Members of the country 's international rescue team were ready to depart for Japan if needed , Chen Jianmin , director of the China Earthquake Administration , told the government 's Xinhua News Agency . The United States is providing as many 11 warships , with their helicopters , to assist Japanese authorities in rescue and recovery missions . The U.S. Agency for International Development was dispatching two urban search-and-rescue teams , one from Fairfax County , Virginia , and the second from Los Angeles County -- totaling 150 people and 12 canines trained to find survivors . They are scheduled to arrive Monday morning in Japan . On Saturday , the Japanese foreign ministry listed the 49 countries extending offers of relief , in no particular order : Australia , Taiwan , the United States , South Korea , China , Mexico , Thailand , New Zealand , Israel , Singapore , Indonesia , Azerbaijan , India , Russia , Turkey , Germany , France , Belgium , Ukraine , Slovakia , United Arab Emirates , Switzerland , Hungary , Poland , Jordan , the United Kingdom , Chile , Spain , Greece , Hong Kong , Pakistan , Denmark , Serbia , Uruguay , Mongolia , Ecuador , Iran , Kyrgyz Republic , Malaysia , Argentine , Philippines , Canada , Italy , Sweden , Kosovo , Iceland , Norway , Romania , and Slovenia .	NEW : China sends 15-member team and four tons of equipment Korea is dispatching rescue dogs The International Atomic Energy Agency is offering its nuclear experts
Describing it as a "  day that has been a long time coming , " President Barack Obama made modern history Monday by announcing the creation of a monument to honor the late labor and civil rights activist Cesar Chavez . The Cesar E. Chavez National Monument becomes the 398th unit in the National Park Service system , and the first honoring a Latino born later than the 1700s , the Park Service told CNN . It 's no coincidence the move comes less than a month before Election Day , as the president maintains a strong lead among Latinos . A big turnout among Latino supporters in states where the race is close could help Obama win re-election against GOP challenger Mitt Romney . Opinion : Obama hits a foul by honoring Cesar Chavez The president spoke at a ceremony in Keene , California , on land known as Nuestra Senora Reina de la Paz , where , from the 1970s until the early '90s , Chavez lived and led his farm worker movement . Decades ago , Obama said , when Chavez began his farm worker movement , "  no one seemed to care about the invisible farm workers who picked the nation 's food -- bent down in the beating sun , living in poverty , cheated by growers , abandoned in old age , unable to demand even the most basic rights . " "  Cesar cared , " the president said . "  In his own peaceful and eloquent way he made other people care too . " Chavez 's organized labor marches and other protests , including a boycott of table grapes , led to "  some of the first farm worker contracts in history , " Obama said . "  Let us honor his memory , but most importantly let us live up to his example . " Chavez 's movement "  was sustained by a generation of organizers who stood up and spoke out and urged others to do the same , " Obama said . Chavez , Obama said , believed that "  when someone who works 12 hours a day in the fields can earn enough to put food on the table -- maybe save up enough to buy a home -- that lifts up our entire economy . " Obama acknowledged that there 's still "  more work to do " and "  the recession we 're fighting our way back from is still taking a toll -- especially in Latino communities which already faced high unemployment and poverty rates . " Earlier Monday , the National Hispanic Leadership Agenda , a coalition of 30 Latino organizations , lauded the move . Chavez , who died in 1993 , embodied the principle "  that individuals can accomplish more as a community than they ever could on their own , " said Hector E. Sanchez , executive director of the Labor Council for Latin American Advancement , in a statement put out by the leadership agenda . The monument includes 120 acres , National Park Service spokesman David Barna said . Obama 's order puts property under federal protection that includes a visitor 's center , the United Farm Workers ' legal aid offices , Chavez 's home with his wife , Helen , a memorial garden containing his grave , and other buildings , the White House said . Barna said no sculpture is planned . The monument , in the Tehachapi Mountains , is the fourth designated by Obama under the Antiquities Act . Obama 's decision to set aside the land as a national monument also sends a political message to environmentalists -- a key group of voters , as many strongly supported him in 2008 . The League of Conservation Voters , which endorsed Obama in 2008 and for his current White House run , has not always been happy with the president 's environmental record . As debate raged in 2011 over air quality regulations and proposed construction of a transcontinental oil pipeline , LCV President Gene Karpinski said the administration had been "  caving " to industry . LCV spokesman Jeff Gohringer said Monday that establishing the Chavez monument stands as "  further proof of President Obama 's commitment to our special places across the country and we hope he continues to use that authority . " César Chávez an inspiration to president 's campaign slogan and movements The Chavez family donated certain properties to the federal government so that the monument could be created . Beginning Tuesday , the Park Service will take steps to prepare it as an official site , Barna said . It will become "  one of those places that everyone should visit , " he said , "  part of our shared cultural heritage . " The land includes property that was once Chavez 's home , which was added to the National Register of Historic Places last year . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar called him "  one of the heroes of the 20th century . " Paul F. Chavez , president of the Cesar Chavez Foundation , said at the time , "  For my father , La Paz was a personal refuge from bitter struggles in agricultural valleys and big cities , a spiritual harbor where he recharged batteries , drew fresh inspiration and prepared for the battles ahead . It was a place where many dedicated people spent years of their lives working with Cesar Chavez for social justice , inspiring generations of Americans from all walks of life who never worked on a farm to social and political activism . " Ruben Navarrette , a CNN.com contributor , wrote a column last year noting that many sites around the country are named for Chavez , and suggesting that that "  campaign " may have run its course . Still , he wrote , Chavez "  was a great American who helped bring fairness and dignity to the fields and the workers who toil there . Before Chavez and the union came along , there were no collective bargaining rights for farm workers , no toilets or clean drinking water in the fields , and little public awareness about pesticides and other dangers that workers must endure to put fruits and vegetables on our table . He helped change all that . "	Obama honors farm workers ' champion Cesar Chavez The 120-acre monument the first to recognize a Latino born after the 1700s Event comes as Obama , Romney battle for Latino votes Chavez pushed to create farmers ' union , brought attention to plight of farm workers
CNN  -- The exiled leader of the Palestinian Islamic faction Hamas met with Jordan 's King Abdullah II on Sunday in his first official trip to Jordan since his expulsion in 1999 . In a statement issued by Hamas , Khaled Meshaal expressed his appreciation to the king for supporting Palestinians . "  Any future meetings between Hamas and Jordan open a new page between the two sides and serve the Palestinian cause , " said Meshaal , who announced earlier this month that he would not seek another term as president of the movement 's governing body . The meeting comes as Abdullah is making a high-profile attempt to broker new peace talks in the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Hamas , which the United States and the European Union consider a terrorist organization , controls the Palestinian territory of Gaza and refuses to recognize Israel 's right to exist . Meshaal met with Abdullah and the crown prince of Qatar , Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani , Jordan 's state news agency Petra reported . Abdullah reaffirmed his support for a Palestinian state based on the borders drawn before the 1967 Middle East war , "  with East Jerusalem as its capital , " Petra reported . Israel claims all of Jerusalem as its own capital , and its ultimate status is one of the most contentious points in the talks . But Abdullah also called negotiations "  the sole means to regain Palestinian rights , " a stance Israel and the United States have supported as Palestinian leaders seek recognition of an independent Palestine at the United Nations . And Petra said Meshaal called the meetings "  a new opening " after 12 years , stating Hamas respected "  Jordan 's security , stability and interests . " Jordan kicked the leadership of Hamas out of the country in 1999 after accusing it of breaking a deal to restrict its activity to politics . The movement has maintained a headquarters in Syria 's capital Damascus since then , receiving financial and military support from the governments of Hafez al-Assad and his successor , his son Bashar . But Hamas has been distancing itself from its long-time patron as Syria battles a 10-month-old popular uprising against al-Assad . Hamas personnel and their families have left Syria in recent weeks , and Ismail Haniya , the Hamas leader in Gaza , did not stop in Damascus during a recent regional trip . Abdullah , meanwhile , told CNN during a recent visit to Washington that he was stepping up to try to restart the stalled Israeli-Palestinian talks . He said his message to President Barack Obama was , "  It 's up to us to do the heavy lifting ... We ca n't always have to fall back on the United States to do everything . " But Israel and the Palestinian Authority , which controls the West Bank , spent Sunday blaming each other for the latest lack of progress . Speaking at the start of his weekly Cabinet meeting , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the Palestinians "  refused to even discuss Israel 's security needs with us " in the most recent contacts in Amman . "  Signs are not particularly good , " Netanyahu said in comments released by his office . "  But I hope that they will come to their senses and continue with the talks in order for us to advance to true negotiations . " But Palestinians have blamed Israel 's ongoing construction of settlements in the West Bank , on land the Palestinians consider part of their future state , for the impasse . Senior Palestinian negotiator Mohammad Shtayeh told CNN that the Palestinians presented Israel , Jordan and members of the Mideast Quartet powers with a written document on security and border issues , "  and the Israeli side did not present anything in writing as the Quartet requested . " "  The Amman talks were about creating a conducive environment for any future talks , " Shtayeh said . "  But , unfortunately , Israel did not accept to freeze settlement construction , which we consider as destroying confidence measures and an illegal and provocative act which led to the collapse of the talks . " Shtayeh said the Palestinian leadership "  will consult with the Arab countries as will re-evaluate the situation with King of Jordan , and upon all of these consultations we will reach a decision on where to go . "	Khaled Meshaal meets with King Abdullah II in Amman It 's his first official visit since Jordan expelled Hamas in the 1990s Abdullah is attempting to broker new Israeli-Palestinian peace talks Israel , Palestinians point fingers over the latest impasse
CNN  -- Taliban advances in Pakistan are raising concerns in Islamabad and capitals as far away as Washington . CNN 's senior international correspondent Nic Robertson looks at how the Taliban spread and what could be done to help Pakistan . Students in burqas in Buner district How is the Taliban extending its influence in Pakistan ? It has extended its influence considerably over the last few years moving northwards along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border , from South Waziristan to North Waziristan to Bajur and across now to Swat and Buner . But the Taliban has also extended its influence because it is now involved with several Punjab terrorist groups that have affiliated themselves with the border Taliban and have helped commit some attacks such as one on a police station in Lahore . The Pakistan government has been cutting deals with the different elements that were Taliban or became Taliban since 2004-2005 . Those deals have enabled the Taliban to extend themselves . Is Pakistan going to fall or fail ? The overall answer to that is no . But the Taliban is further destabilizing an incredibly unstable situation . There is a weak government that faces challenges , not only from the Taliban but also from almost every political party in the country . It faces challenges from across the border with its old enemy India , which means a large percentage of the Pakistan army is tied up on that border rather than fighting terrorism . The Taliban is not going to take Islamabad , but its attacks and advances are going to weaken an already unstable government and make an already dangerous situation even more volatile ... and that will mean the Taliban will be able to wield more influence in the future than they do today . What options are open to the Pakistan government and other countries ? Pakistan could form a broad-based government of national unity and appeal for more international support in terms of encouraging financial aid and having trade restrictions lifted so they can improve the economy . The international community could help Pakistan resolve issues with India . It would help the economy and help the government focus on its own internal problems and better influence the situation in Afghanistan . What the Pakistan government would also need to do is convince its people that outside support and help is in their best interests to deal with terrorism and stabilize the country . To do that the government would also have to win the support of its large Pashtun minority , from whom the Taliban draws a lot of its support ... and that is difficult particularly as the U.S. -- which would need to be a principle supporter of Pakistan -- continues to bomb targets in Pashtun areas leading to civilian casualties .	Taliban influences in Pakistan has developed over years Pakistan government weak and could be weakened further Pakistan has options to deal with Taliban , but they come with problems
CNN  -- Like St. Augustine 's prayer "  God make me chaste - but not yet , " Filipino fighter Manny Pacquiao 's personal conversation with God may not lead to his retirement anytime soon . Pacquiao said in a radio interview on Monday he had a dream in which God had told him to hang up his gloves , fueling speculation he may back out of a long-anticipated fight with American Floyd Mayweather . "  I will not stay long in boxing because He said : ` You have done enough . You have made yourself famous but this is harmful ' , " he told Manila 's DZMM radio . However , his team say retirement is still a long way off . "  A few years ago the pressure for him to retire was coming from his mother , " Pacquiao 's business manager Eric Pineda told CNN . "  But recently he dreamt that God told him to retire but there 's nothing definite about his retirement either this year or next year . "  This year it 's out of the question , " Pineda said . "  And I 'm not even sure about next year either . " He said a Mayweather fight would be up to the Mayweather camp , but that Pacquiao was more than ready to meet him in the ring . "  Manny is a fighter and there is still the desire , " Pineda said . "  He really wants this thing with Mayweather to happen . "  He does n't want to retire leaving unanswered questions . " Pacquiao , 33 , has a 54-3 win-loss record with two draws and plans to pit his World Boxing Organization welterweight crown against undefeated American Timothy Bradley in Las Vegas on June 9 . Boxing fans have long sought a fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao . The pair were in negotiations for a fight to be held later this year but talks fell through . The 34-year-old American boxer has won all 42 of his professional fights , 26 by knockout . "  People are clamoring for this fight -- and it will probably be bigger than the Ali/Frazier fight . Manny still wants to prove to himself that he can beat Mayweather , " Pineda added . Pacquiao also has an ongoing defamation suit against Mayweather , claiming the American fighter has insinuated that his success is the result of performance-enhancing drugs . Pacquiao is the first boxer in the sport 's history to have won world titles in eight weight divisions and recently launched a successful political career after being elected to the Philippine House of Representatives in June 2010 . Formerly a heavy gambler and late-night party-goer , Philippines media reported in February that Pacquiao had renewed his commitment to his faith , shutting down a restaurant and bar he owned , selling shares in a casino and nightclub and selling his cockfighting gamecocks .	Pacquiao says he had a dream in which God told him to retire The boxer 's business manager says he is unlikely to retire this year Boxing fans have long sought a fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao Pacquiao is the first boxer to have won world titles in eight weight divisions
CNN  -- America 's defense budget is headed for a big reduction , as a result of the congressional super committee 's failure to reach a debt reduction compromise . The automatic 10-year budget cut of more than half a trillion dollars now facing the military is reminiscent of a strategic decision Britain confronted nearly a century ago . When the empire had to address the profound debts it accrued during World War I , the answer was the Ten Year Rule . Formulated in 1919 , this rule dominated Britain 's defense planning throughout the 1920s . It worked on a simple , rolling assumption : "  That the British Empire will not be engaged in any great war during the next 10 years . " As long as the planning assumption held , the government could assume strategic risk by reducing the military 's size , deferring its modernization programs and delaying improvements to base protection . Winston Churchill , chancellor of the exchequer during much of this time , was its most famous proponent . Observing on several occasions that there was no foreseeable danger of war with Japan , he cautioned Britain against building any ships or bases that might alarm the Japanese government . Indeed , Churchill 's voice was decisive in Britain 's decision to delay strengthening the Royal Navy 's vital base in Singapore during the 1920s . Although the Ten Year Rule saved the British much money in the short term , the calculated risk turned into dashed hopes in the 1930s . In short succession , Japan conquered Manchuria in 1932 , Hitler rose to power in 1933 and suddenly a world war loomed on the horizon . Britain finally repealed the rule in 1932 -- the same year Manchuria fell . As Britain 's weakened position in Asia became evident , the government realized it was in no position militarily or financially to address the challenges it now confronted . Through its inaction , Britain signaled the beginning of the end of its leadership role in Asia and of its ability to meet its continental commitment to European allies . Thus , in 1939 Britain entered World War II with a woefully inadequate military . The inadequacies of this force were best symbolized by the fall of Singapore in 1942 and the surrender of 80,000 British-led troops to the Japanese invaders . The loss of Singapore was a profound psychological shock as well as a military blow to the British . Churchill , originally a strong proponent of the Ten Year Rule , had to deal with its consequences as wartime prime minister . Any sound grand strategy must account for economic , political and military factors . But the strategy ca n't substitute hope for fact . The British hoped they could focus on their economy in the 1920s with a rule based on the assumption that their security would not be threatened during the next decade . They thought they could undertake whatever military expansion program necessary if a threat were to manifest . In short , the government hoped world events would unfold benignly until the British economy rebounded . Instead , the economy worsened as part of a global depression . Military dictatorships emerged in response to turbulent times and soon threatened British security . By the mid-1930s , it was evident that by focusing solely on a hopeful strategy , the British had , much to their regret , failed to create a less optimistic Plan B . As America embarks on a tough strategic journey in the aftermath of Iraq , and contends with an ailing economy , it is wise to be mindful of the difference between hope and fact . The president and Congress might focus on strengthening the economy and assume for a time that a smaller military will suffice . Pursuing prudent military reductions in this environment makes sense ; however , relying on a budget-driven process to make these reductions does not . The nation 's leadership needs a Plan B so that a heroic assumption -- or hope -- about the unlikelihood of future wars does not inadvertently lead to strategic disaster . This is harder than it seems . Plan B would allow more flexibility to meet what could go wrong in the strategic environment rather than just making budget cuts . In tough economic times , hope makes planning easier and defense reductions more palatable . Indeed , the mistake is an easy one to make . After all , Winston Churchill , perhaps the greatest democratic leader of the 20th century , succumbed to the temptation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paula Thornhill .	Paula Thornhill : With super committee failure , automatic cuts could lead to harsh defense cuts She says U.S. could repeat mistake made by Britain in cutting defense after World War I Arbitrary budget cuts could leave America at risk in a dangerous world , she says Thornhill : A new strategy is needed to determine how to manage the budget
CNN  -- Retired basketball icon Michael Jordan bought a majority share of the NBA 's Charlotte Bobcats , officials said Saturday . Jordan , who was already a minority owner of the team , headed a group that bought a majority share of the team from businessman Robert Johnson , Johnson said in a statement . Johnson said he has signed a "  definitive agreement " to sell majority interest of Bobcats Sports and Entertainment to Michael Jordan and MJ Basketball Holdings , LLC . The deal is subject to NBA approval . Details on the purchase price were not available . Jordan has overseen the team 's basketball operations in recent years . He won six NBA titles with the Chicago Bulls . Johnson , who founded BET and sold it to Viacom for $ 3 billion in 2001 , announced that he had been looking for someone to buy earlier this year . His fortune was depleted by an expensive divorce , but in a 2009 interview with CNN , Johnson estimated his net worth was still $ 1.1 billion . Johnson 's resume is full of firsts : BET was the first African-American owned company traded on the NYSE . He was the first African-American billionaire in the United States . And , in 2002 , he became the first African-American majority owner of a professional sports franchise .	Michael Jordan buys controlling stake in Charlotte Bobcats franchise Jordan has been running team 's basketball operations Businessman Robert Johnson had been looking to sell team
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- For 42 years , Moammar Gadhafi ruled Libya with an iron fist , a mercurial leader who inspired fear in Libya and beyond . Now he 's on the run , hunted by rebels who made a lightning advance into Tripoli . The rebels overran Gadhafi 's compound and are scouring the country for signs of the leader , who has not been seen in public for weeks . On Thursday , a radio station aired a defiant message , purportedly from Gadhafi , but most other signs point to the end of Gadhafi 's long rule . The 69-year-old strongman came to power in a bloodless coup against King Idris in 1969 , when he was just an army captain . By the end of his rule , he claimed to be "  King of Kings , " a title he had a gathering of tribal leaders grant him in 2008 . The fighting that dislodged Gadhafi started with anti-government demonstrations in February and escalated into a nationwide civil war . The protests started days after the fall of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , whom Gadhafi had supported . That month , Gadhafi vowed to never leave Libya and to "  die as a martyr at the end . " For months , rebel fighters -- in control of the eastern city of Benghazi and other areas -- had been trying to move closer toward Tripoli , in the west . Recent advances allowed them to cut off some key supply routes for Gadhafi , bringing them closest yet to their goal , and by August 21 , they had broken through into the capital . The following morning , raucous rebel supporters packed the city 's Green Square , the same place where the longtime leader 's supporters had gathered for months to voice their loyalty . By Tuesday evening , Gadhafi 's Bab al-Aziziya compound was being ransacked . When Gadhafi assumed power , he fashioned himself as an Arab nationalist . The United States tried to work with him at first , but quickly found out that his brand of nationalism included opposition to the West . By 1972 he was urging Muslims to fight Western powers , including the United States and Great Britain , and backing black militants in the United States as he pursued a leadership position in the Arab world . His "  Green Book , " first published in 1975 , envisioned a radically simple system of "  People 's Conferences " that would replace political structures from tribes to parliaments . Arab leaders largely shunned him , seeing him more as a "  buffoon " and a "  clown " than a potential pan-Arab leader , said Dirk J. Vandewalle , a Libya expert at Dartmouth University . That rejection from Arab and African leaders , combined with his growing anti-Western sentiment , left him to turn to terrorism in the 1970s and 1980s , Vandewalle said . In 1986 , Libya was implicated in the fatal bombing at a West Berlin nightclub that left one American service member dead , prompting then-U.S. President Ronald Reagan to dub the Libyan leader the "  mad dog of the Middle East . " Reagan ordered the United States to bomb Libya and imposed economic sanctions against the North African country . Two years later , Libya was implicated in the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 , which exploded over Lockerbie , Scotland . Years later , Gadhafi appeared to moderate and seek rapprochement with the West . In 1999 , he turned over suspects in the Lockerbie bombing , and in 2003 the country agreed to eliminate weapons of mass destruction . In the years before the current rebellion started , Gadhafi even hired a public relations firm to burnish his global image as a statesman and a reformer . Starting in 2006 , the leader spent about $ 3 million a year to execute a public relations strategy that included paying think-tank analysts and former government officials to take a free trip to Libya for lectures , discussions and personal meetings with Gadhafi . In 2009 , he addressed the U.N. General Assembly for the first and only time . In his 96-minute ramble , he denounced the Security Council as a "  terror council , " suggested the H1N1 swine-flu virus was a military tool and called for renewed investigations into the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King , Jr. . Earlier this year , as people around the Middle East and North Africa began to challenge their leaders in the so-called Arab Spring movement , Gadhafi found himself a target . But while longtime Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was ousted after a few weeks , and even after the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi fell to the rebels , Gadhafi fought on and blamed outsiders , "  armed gangs " and others for the violence . In the end , the Libyan leader sealed his reputation with his crackdown on protesters and attacks against rebels and civilians alike . Recently , international leaders accused Gadhafi 's regime of committing human rights violations and killing civilians . The U.N. Security Council subsequently issued a no-fly zone over Libya and approved "  all necessary measures " short of invasion to protect civilians . Officials in the Gadhafi regime , in turn , repeatedly accused NATO of killing civilians in airstrikes . In April , Gadhafi wrote a letter to U.S. President Barack Obama , urging him to end the NATO bombing of his war-torn country . Gadhafi asked Obama to stop what he called the "  unjust war against a small people of a developing country , " adding that those in the opposition are terrorists and members of al Qaeda . The NATO operations continued , however . In June , the International Criminal Court issued arrest warrants for Gadhafi , his son Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , and his brother-in-law Abdullah al-Sanussi . The warrants are "  for crimes against humanity , " including murder and persecution , "  allegedly committed across Libya " from February 15 through "  at least " February 28 , "  through the state apparatus and security forces , " the court said in a statement . CNN 's Mike Pearson , Greg Botelho and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	Moammar Gadhafi came into a power in a bloodless coup against King Idris in 1969 By 1972 , he was urging Muslims to fight Western powers , including the U.K. and U.S. Decades later , he appeared to moderate and seek rapprochement with the West The movement to unseat him began in February , centered first in Benghazi
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  A man opposed to joint South Korean-U.S. military drills attacked the American ambassador in Seoul , slashing his face and arm as he was about to give a speech Thursday morning , authorities said . North Korea quickly called the stabbing a "  knife attack of justice " and said it reflected "  anti-U.S. sentiment " in South Korea . Authorities have obtained an arrest warrant for the knifing suspect , Kim Ki-Jong , an official at Seoul Central District Court said Friday . He was detained immediately after the attack , with authorities having time to formally arrest him or let him go . Kim , 55 , who has a history of unpredictable behavior , could eventually be charged with attempted murder and other charges . A police official , Yoon Myeong-seong , also told reporters that Kim had previously visited North Korea seven times between 1999 and 2007 , and that authorities were "  intensively investigating " a possible connection between his visits to the reclusive state and this attack . The U.S. ambassador to South Korea , Mark Lippert , was in stable condition after undergoing more than two hours of surgery , in which he got 80 stitches to his face . He will probably remain hospitalized for three to four days , said Dr. Jung Nam-shik at Yonsei Severance Hospital . In 2010 , Kim received a suspended two-year prison sentence for throwing a piece of concrete at a Japanese ambassador to South Korea , according to the Yonhap news agency . The motive for his attack Thursday ? He wanted an end to the South Korean-U.S. military drills to improve North-South relations , police said . The drills are held annually despite predictably harsh criticism from North Korea . The North Korean government believes the attack is "  just punishment for U.S. warmongers , " according to its official news agency , KCNA . South Korean President Park Geun-hye , on the other hand , condemned it . "  This incident is not only a physical attack on the U.S. ambassador , " she said , "  but an attack on the South Korea-U.S. alliance and it can never be tolerated . " U.S. diplomats have been attacked , killed in past Lippert was attacked while attending an event organized by the Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation , which advocates peaceful reunification between the two Koreas . The U.S. Embassy did not request special security for the event , Seoul police said . Three police officers were on duty at the building 's entrance , and 25 others were on standby . Kim sat down at a different table than Lippert , then got up and ran to the ambassador 's right side yelling something that sounded like anti-American sentiments . "  When the man jumped on the ambassador , I stood up and jumped on the man , and they both fell on the ground , " a witness , Jang Yoon Seok , told CNN affiliate YTN . "  Luckily I got on top of the man 's back and could press him to the floor . Then others came to hold him on the floor . " Jang said he later saw the knife on the table . It had a wooden handle and did not look particularly sophisticated , he said . Seoul police said a knife , about 10 inches long , was used in the assault and the suspect brought it from home . Videos showed the suspect pinned on the floor , rolled into a blanket and carried out of the building . He was heard shouting , "  The South Korea-U.S. military drills must stop . " The drills began earlier this week . Explaining the joint South Korea-U.S. military exercises After the attack , Lippert -- clutching his right cheek and holding a bloodied arm -- was photographed hurrying out of the Sejong Cultural Institute in central Seoul . The cut to his face runs from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw and is about 4 inches long and about an inch deep , Dr. Jung said . Fortunately , there was no damage to his facial nerve . Lippert also suffered five gashes in his left arm and hand , but he is not likely to have permanent damage to his arm function . "  The ambassador was very calm . People around him were taken aback , but he was very calm , " said Dr. John Linton . "  He was speaking with his doctor on what to do . It was surprising . " As the ambassador left and headed to the hospital , investigators arrived , hoping to figure out exactly what happened . While there are videos showing what happened at the event , none of them will be from closed-circuit surveillance cameras , said Yoon , the Seoul police chief . The only such camera outside the building did help authorities determine exactly when Lippert and Kim came in . Was the attack part of a larger plot ? Did Kim have any help , implicit or explicit ? Not if you ask him , according to the Seoul police chief . "  Kim insists that this was done by himself , " Yoon said . "  But police are still investigating if he acted alone and what his motive was . " Park , South Korea 's President , told Lippert by phone that she was surprised and deeply troubled to hear about the attack -- an incident similar to one targeting her several years ago -- the Asian nation 's Foreign Ministry said on its website . The South Korean leader vowed that authorities will "  take necessary measures ... with utmost seriousness and urgency " to get to the bottom of the latest attack . She also promised to keep close ties with the United States "  so that the incident would not have any negative implications on the  South Korean  - U.S. alliance , " according to the ministry . For Park 's American counterpart , President Barack Obama , the attack is personal as well as political . That 's because Lippert is a longtime friend and confidant , having been part of Obama 's inner circle for years . Obama called Lippert "  to tell him that he and his wife Robyn are in his thoughts and prayers , and to wish him the very best for a speedy recovery , " National Security Council spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan said . Lippert has been close to Obama ever since he arrived in the Senate in 2005 . Lippert worked with Obama on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and traveled the world with the then-senator as he garnered the foreign policy experience that helped pave the way for his presidential campaign . When Obama declared he would run for president in the 2008 race , Lippert was by his side again , and was on the road with the candidate and ultimately served as the chief foreign policy adviser for the Obama campaign . Obama nominated Lippert to serve as ambassador to South Korea last year . Thursday afternoon , Lippert tweeted that he was recuperating . "  Doing well & in great spirits ! Robyn , Sejun , Grigsby & I - deeply moved by the support ! " he tweeted , referring to his wife , his son and his dog . "  Will be back ASAP to advance US-ROK alliance ! " He then added in Korean , "  Let 's work together ! " CNN 's Judy Kwon , Paula Hancocks , Alexandra Jaffe , Stephen Collinson , Barbara Starr , Jim Acosta and journalist Hyoungjoo Choi contributed to this report .	Court : Authorities obtain an arrest warrant for the man suspected in the stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert underwent surgery and is recovering North Korea calls the ambassador 's stabbing a "  knife attack of justice "
CNN  -- Rep. Joe Wilson said Sunday he will not apologize again for yelling out that President Obama lied during the president 's speech to Congress last week . Rep. Joe Wilson , R-South Carolina , shouts "  You lie ! " during President Obama 's speech Wednesday night . "  I am not going to apologize again , " the South Carolina Republican said on "  FOX News Sunday " when asked about pending disciplinary steps against him by the Democratic-controlled House of Representatives . Wilson said he already apologized to Obama and that the president accepted it . However , he insisted that Obama "  was misstating the facts , " and that Democratic leaders in the House were "  playing politics " by continuing to focus on the issue . House Democrats plan to censure Wilson if he refuses to apologize on the House floor this week . Wilson issued a statement about that Sunday , saying , "  The American people are fed up with the political games in Washington , and I refuse to participate in an effort to divert our attention away from the task at hand of reforming health insurance and creating new jobs . " Watch the debate over Wilson 's comment " The controversy has shifted the focus of the heated health care debate by calling attention to claims by Republicans that a health care overhaul sought by Obama and Democrats would provide free insurance coverage for illegal immigrants . Obama and Democratic leaders insist that nothing in any of the health care proposals currently before Congress includes health care coverage for illegal immigrants or would provide taxpayer money to help illegal immigrants buy private health coverage . However , Wilson and other opponents of Democratic proposals say the plans provide no enforcement mechanism to screen applicants for citizenship requirements . Wilson said Sunday that Republican amendments calling for such enforcement were rejected by congressional committees that have passed the Democratic proposals . When asked if Obama had lied to Congress , Wilson responded : "  I believe he was misstating the facts . " He noted that Senate Finance Committee members negotiating a compromise agreement have called for enforcement mechanisms similar to what Republicans are proposing . The national response to Wilson 's nationally televised outburst , in which he yelled "  You lie " as Obama spoke about health care to a joint session of Congress , shows the deep public divide over the issue . Wilson and his opponent for re-election next year have each raised more than $ 1 million since Wilson 's heckling of the president on Wednesday , according to aides for each . In addition , Wilson has posted a Web video that asks for campaign cash to fend off attacks from political opponents . Immediately after Obama 's speech Wednesday , Wilson issued a statement that apologized for inappropriate behavior . He also called the White House that night and spoke to Obama 's chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , who told Wilson that Obama accepted his apology . Obama said publicly that he accepted the apology . Wilson "  apologized quickly and unequivocally , and I 'm appreciative of that , " the president said . Wilson said Sunday that should be enough , adding that he respected the president and "  would never do something like that again . "	Rep. Joe Wilson says he apologized to Obama and that should be enough Wilson yelled "  You lie " as Obama made health care speech to Congress last week House Democrats plan to censure Wilson unless he apologizes in House this week Wilson says he respects president , "  would never do something like that again "
A Guam-bound United Airlines flight that was forced to land on remote Midway Island after pilots detected an electrical odor experienced a mechanical problem , the carrier said Monday . The Boeing 777 was carrying 335 passengers and 13 crew from Honolulu when it diverted to the Pacific atoll last Thursday , United spokeswoman Mary Clark said . Another plane returned the passengers to Hawaii on Friday after seven hours on the island , and they made it to Guam the next day , she said . United blamed the diversion on a cooling fan problem , which mechanics fixed , Clark said . It has returned to service . American flight from London forced to sit on Tulsa tarmac after engine issue Pilot buys pizza for delayed passengers Evacuation slide deploys midair on United flight Plane makes unscheduled landing in Phoenix over ` erratic ' passenger	A Boeing 777 jet from Honolulu to Guam was diverted to Midway Island The problem was a cooling fan , a United Airlines spokeswoman says Passengers and crew spent seven hours on the Pacific atoll , a United spokeswoman says Passengers were taken to Guam on Saturday , and the plane was back in service Sunday
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal made a safe transition to grass by reaching the third round at Queen 's just three days after his sixth French Open triumph . The Spaniard beat Roger Federer at Roland Garros on Sunday to seal his tenth Grand Slam title and negotiated his way to a 6-4 6-4 victory over Australian qualifier Matthew Ebden in London . Nadal , who is preparing to defend the Wimbledon title he won last year by beating Tomas Berdych , showed signs of fatigue in his straight sets victory as he booked a clash with Radek Stepanek . "  I feel a little tired , " Nadal said in a courtside interview . "  I had a tough French Open . It 's never easy at the start of the grass court season . CNN blog : Will Serena 's comeback fail ? "  Everything is completely different , and you do n't have a lot of days to adapt to the different surface . "  It 's not enough , but I 've progressed . I am a little bit tired because I had a tough Roland Garros and clay-court season but I am here to try my best like always . " Nadal will now face Radek Stepanek , from the Czech Republic , after he recovered from a poor start to beat 16th seed Ivan Ljubicic 0-6 7-5 6-4 . World number four Andy Murray dropped a set as he made it into round three after a 6-3 5-7 6-3 win over Xavier Malisse . Murray , who was knocked out of the French Open at the semifinal stage by Nadal , was pleased with his performance against the Belgian world number 40 . "  It was a tricky match today , " Murray told the tournament web site . "  I had a little chance at the end of the second set , did n't take it , and obviously he got back into it and started playing better but I managed to turn it around in the end . "  I felt I moved pretty well today considering it was my first match and it 's good to get through . " Murray will now play 14th seed Janko Tipsarevic after he beat American Michael Russell 7-6 7-6 while former US Open champion Juan Martin del Potro beat Igor Kunitsyn , from Russia , 6-4 6-4 . Eighth seed Marin Cilic recorded a 6-4 6-4 victory over Frenchman Arnaud Clement and Andy Roddick lies in wait for Kevin Anderson after the South African beat American youngster Donald Young 6-2 6-4 . At the Gerry Weber Open in Halle , Germany , Canadian eighth seed Milos Raonic powered his way to the quarterfinals after beating Germany 's Tobias Kamke 7-6 6-3 . Raonic , who told CNN Tuesday that he is looking forward to his first Wimbledon tournament , will now face Philipp Petzschner in the last eight . Tomas Berdych , who was beaten in the Wimbledon final by Nadal last year , booked his place in the quarters after beating fellow Czech Jan Hernych 6-3 7-6 .	Rafael Nadal beats Matthew Ebden 6-4 6-4 to reach the third round at Queen 's The Spaniard admitted to feeling tired just three days after his French Open victory Andy Murray drops a set beating Belgium 's Xavier Malisse 6-3 5-7 6-3 Juan Martin del Potro beats Russian Igor Kunitsyn 6-4 6-4
Washington  CNN  -- Democrats on Capitol Hill are reeling after the midterm elections left them in the minority in both the House and Senate . But do n't expect new faces to lead the party after the brutal election . Harry Reid , the Democratic leader in the Senate , and Nancy Pelosi , the top Democrat in the House , are both expected to keep their leadership positions next year despite the election 's punishing losses . They 're both hanging on with the same expectation : 2016 will be a better year for Democrats that could return them to the majority . Pelosi , a California Democrat who was the first female House speaker , is already officially in the leadership race . In a letter to her colleagues on Wednesday , Pelosi said Election Night was "  difficult " for Democrats but said there was more work for the party to do . Meanwhile , people close to Reid say he hopes to remain the Senate Democratic leader for many years and is readying a run for a 2016 re-election bid in Nevada to make sure that happens . "  He has no desire to be a lobbyist or put his feet up and watch TV , said Jon Ralston , a Nevada political journalist who tracks Reid closely . "  He will not want to go out a loser and the 2016 map is much more favorable . " "  Based on everything I know and based on what he 's doing to get ready , I believe he 's going to run in 2016 , " said Jim Manley , his former spokesman . "  He 's a guy who ca n't keep still and is a legislator at heart . I could see him continuing for a long time . " Reid has led the Senate Democrats since 2005 and Democrats have been in the majority eight of those years . Some Democrats privately grumble Reid could do more to work with Republicans to compromise on tough issues . But he remains popular with senators in his caucus , many of whom he helped get elected , and they are loyal to him for that . Now as minority leader , Reid will have to be the face of the opposition . He and Sen. Mitch McConnell , who is in line to become majority leader , have a notoriously sour relationship and that 's unlikely to change now that their positions are reversed . WATCH : Rand Paul on the midterms But Manley said Reid might be willing to work with McConnell and House Speaker John Boehner , who leads the House Republicans , if they do n't try to pass "  extreme measures . " "  It 's going to be very difficult for Sen. McConnell to find the compromise necessary that brings along Democratic votes , " Manley said . "  At the end of the day , the President still has the veto pen , so if they want to get things done , they are going to have to deal . " Even before the election , Pelosi signaled that she was more focused on 2016 than 2014 . Downplaying the midterms , Pelosi said her party would do "  OK , " but then immediately began taunting Republicans about 2016 . "  Their days are numbered . I know that in two years , there will be a Democratic Congress and a Democratic president the House , " Pelosi said . But now that House Republicans have expanded their ranks to the largest GOP majority since the 1920 's , Pelosi told her colleagues in her Wednesday letter that her party has to do a better job of boosting turnout . She said she planned to focus on a new project starting next week when Congress returns to increase voter participation . The challenge for 2016 definitely got more formidable for Pelosi , but few expect the 74 year old Pelosi to slow down . She has been a relentless fundraiser ever since she joined House leadership , and the war chest she amassed for her Democratic colleagues helps her future job security . In the 2014 election cycle , she raised more than $ 100 million for House Democrats , and personally was responsible for raising over one-third of $ 172 million that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee raised for the midterms . In the last two years , Pelosi traveled to 115 cities and attended or participated in 750 fundraising or campaign-related events . Pelosi often points to one accomplishment in particular : House Democrats for the first time in 2012 became a caucus made up of more female and minority members than white men -- a so called majority-minority caucus . But the Democratic caucus that Pelosi joined in 1987 has changed dramatically and some of her closest allies in Congress retired this year . When fellow veteran California lawmakers George Miller and Henry Waxman announced they would n't run for re-election , there was some speculation that Pelosi may decide to step down . Many of the members elected in the last two cycles are younger , and they respect Pelosi 's political skills , but privately some of them say they would like to see some fresh faces at the leadership table . Pelosi 's number two , Rep Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , and her number three , Rep Jim Clyburn , D-South Carolina -- also in their seventies -- are expected to remain in their positions . Pelosi will get to add a new voice to her leadership group when she picks the next chair of the DCCC . The current chair , Rep. Steve Israel , D-New York , said he does n't want another turn at the job , and at least three mentioned for the post are younger than those already in leadership -- Rep. Jim Himes , D-Connecticut , and Rep. Jared Polis , D-Colorado , and Rep. Donna Edwards , D-Maryland . With the loss of the few remaining moderate Democrats in the House , the caucus will skew more liberal . Pelosi publicly says she has a good relationship with House Speaker John Boehner , but there are few issues where the two are likely to come together to produce bipartisan legislation . Pelosi hinted at her focus going into the next political cycle at a fundraiser featuring former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in late October . "  I am frequently introduced as the highest-ranking woman in political office in our country , " Pelosi said . "  I 'd like to give up that title and elect a Democratic woman for President of the United States . " CORRECTION : An initial version of this story misquoted Jim Manley .	Democrats will be in the minority in the House and Senate Reid , Pelosi will continue in leadership roles
London  CNN  -- With her lashings of butter and flirtations with the camera , celebrity chef Nigella Lawson has charmed her many fans by turning everyday cooking into a more sensual experience . Her licking of her fingers as she talks viewers through her recipes have earned her nicknames such as "  domestic goddess " and the "  queen of food porn " in the British media . But her successful cooking career has not been mirrored in her personal life lately . Her 10-year marriage to millionaire art collector Charles Saatchi has collapsed since photos of the couple having an argument at a restaurant emerged in June . In the photos -- which were splashed across the front pages of national newspapers at the time -- Saatchi is seen with his hand around Lawson 's throat . Saatchi accepted a police caution for assault , and the couple announced they would divorce soon after . Now Saatchi is set to take the stand in the trial of the couple 's two former personal assistants , who are accused of defrauding them of hundreds of thousands of pounds . They deny the charge . In a pre-trial hearing , the defense read an e-mail from Saatchi to Lawson about the allegedly embezzled money , saying that the assistants would "  get off " because , he wrote , Lawson was using cocaine and marijuana on a daily basis and "  allowed the sisters to spend whatever they liked . " Representatives for Lawson declined to comment on the allegations , citing the ongoing court proceedings . Born in London , Lawson , 53 , is the daughter of a former Conservative Party British Chancellor of the Exchequer -- or finance minister -- Nigel Lawson . Her brother Dominic was formerly editor of The Spectator , a British conservative political magazine . Before she married him , Saatchi ran Saatchi & Saatchi , a leading global advertising agency , with his brother in the 1980s . Its campaigns included the promotion of the Conservative Party under Margaret Thatcher . After studying at Oxford University , the celebrity chef began her career in publishing before moving into media , writing restaurant columns . She met her first husband , John Diamond , while working at the Sunday Times newspaper . The couple had two children . In 2001 , Diamond died after a battle with throat cancer . Lawson went on to contribute to various UK newspapers before writing books . In 1998 , she brought out "  How to Eat , " in which she stated how food was an early love . "  I am not a chef . I am not even a trained or professional cook . My qualification is as an eater , " she wrote . Her second book -- "  How to be a Domestic Goddess , " in which she taught readers how to feel just like that while baking muffins or cakes -- came out two years later and won her the British Book Award for Author of the Year . Lawson went on to release a string of other successful cookbooks as well as host numerous cooking television shows , such as "  Nigella Bites " in Britain . In the United States , she 's been a judge on the ABC show "  The Taste " -- due to air its second season from January . She also launched a successful kitchenware range and once oversaw a lunch menu for former British Prime Minister Tony Blair and former U.S. President George W. Bush . Lawson lists her recipes on her website and posts them on her Twitter account .	Lawson fans call her the "  domestic goddess " Her marriage with millionaire Charles Saatchi ended this year Saatchi claimed in an e-mail the celebrity chef abused drugs
CNN  -- If Japanese starlet Minami Minegishi 's shaven head and tearful mea culpa looked more like a disgraced samurai trying to retrieve his honor , then it owes much to Japanese pop phenomenon "  AKB48 's " military structure . Complete with four main divisions of girl performers , the J-pop sensation have their own theater training camps , a sub-corps of as many as 14 sister groups , a rigid order of succession and a strict code of conduct . The bubblegum empire even has foreign territorial ambitions , with a base set to be established in Singapore and sister groups now located in Indonesia , Taiwan and China . But on Friday , Minegishi 's tearful admission that she had broken the group 's "  no romance " bushido revealed serious cracks in the faÃ § ade of J-pop 's standing army . Shaving her head -- considered a ritual act of contrition in Japan -- Minegishi described her actions as "  thoughtless and immature " in a four-minute video posted on YouTube that was viewed more than 3 million times . The Japanese weekly tabloid Shukan Bunshun had earlier reported that she spent a night at the flat of Alan Shirahama , a member of the boy band , "  Generations . " "  If it is possible , I wish from the bottom of my heart to stay in the band , " she said . "  Everything I did is entirely my fault . I am so sorry . "  I do n't believe just doing this means I can be forgiven for what I did , but the first thing I thought was that I do n't want to quit AKB48 , " she said before concluding the admission with a deep bow . The apology did little to assuage management , who withdrew Minegishi 's commission , demoting her to "  trainee status , " according to the band 's blog . Meanwhile , the scandal has been avidly taken up by Japan 's voracious tabloid media . "  It 's perfect . It 's an endless source of fodder to fill magazines and now they have one that went all Britney , " said an industry source who asked not to be identified . AKB48 comprises four teams of around 20 members who rotate to play at the AKB48 theater in Tokyo 's Akhibara , where the group takes its name . The concept allows one team to perform while the others tour , promote or record . With 88 members in the band , it is registered in the Guinness Book of Records as the largest band in the world . The brainchild of the group 's Yasushi Akimoto , the bands have been a goldmine , grossing 16.28 billion yen  $ 212 million  in 2011 in CD and DVD sales alone , according to compiler Oricon . With American Idol style auditions that continually renew the ranks of the teams , the girls aged from14 to 20 either "  graduate " to become solo artists within Akimoto 's swelling stable of performers , or they simply take early retirement . "  Misbehavior , " as it 's deemed in the group , merits expulsion or in the case of Minegishi , demotion . The groups are now so popular that tickets for the daily performances are allocated on a lottery system . Akimoto says he wanted to create a concept where the audience could meet their idols , and the groups regularly hold "  handshake events " where the audience gets to "  high-five " the performers on the way into the show . While AKB48 may seemed to be pitched at Japanese teens , the audience is usually made up of Japanese salarymen -- a phenomenon not lost on Akimoto who has been criticized for sexualizing young women . Video clips show performers in skimpy miniskirts , passing food from mouth to mouth or taking baths together . "  It 's the same as art versus obscenity , " Akimoto told CNN . "  It 's up to personal judgment on how we perceive it . " But with song lyrics that run : "  I want to take off my school uniform , I want to misbehave , You can do whatever you like , I want to experience adult pleasure , " Akimoto has been accused of feeding the teen schoolgirl fetish . "  They 're not reading their diaries , " said Akimoto , defending the performers . "  It 's about acting . "  For example , there 's a song called Despised Love . This song is asking why junior high school kids kill themselves ... unless I take up the issues these girls are facing as a songwriter the issues wo n't get addressed . "  There are kids out there who want to take off their school uniforms and misbehave , and I 'm depicting realities in their lives in which they wonder whether it 's okay to think that way . "  I 'm not forcing them . I 'm picturing their private lives partly based on my imagination or newspaper articles or TV news reports . I watch what their generation is doing -- the issues of bullying , suicide , or traps with sugar daddies . " CNN 's Alex Zolbert contributed to this report .	Shaven-headed star of J-pop sensation AKB48 makes tearful admission on YouTube Apology does not prevent her demotion within the ranks of wildly popular Japanese girl bands Producer Yasushi Akimoto denies accusations he is sexualizing young girls Bands have been a goldmine , grossing 16.28 billion yen  $ 212 million  in 2011
CNN  -- Google 's Nexus 4 made a splash last fall simply because it was well-built and inexpensive , and yet it did n't require a two-year contract with a wireless carrier . Now , it 's even cheaper . The Nexus 4 now costs $ 200 for the 8 GB model and $ 250 for the 16 GB model -- a $ 100 price reduction from before . Those prices are n't incredible if you 're used to buying your phones through major wireless carriers at subsidized prices , but compared to most unlocked phones , the Nexus 4 is cheap . And it 's a decent phone , running the latest version of Google 's Android operating system . Buying the phone unlocked means you can bring it to certain wireless carriers in the United States and save a lot of money on service . For example , with T-Mobile you can pay as little as $ 50 per month if you bring your own phone . Or , you can get a SIM card from Straight Talk and pay $ 45 per month for service . An unlocked phone also allows you to travel overseas and take advantage of lower service prices from local carriers . The only major drawback to the Nexus 4 is that it does n't support 4G LTE data speeds , which can sometimes rival the speeds of home Internet service . Most smartphones sold in the United States now support 4G LTE , so this is one area where the Nexus 4 seems seriously outdated . Still , at $ 200 , the slower data speeds are more palatable , especially for new smartphone adopters that are willing to sacrifice performance for a lower monthly bill . Rumor has it that a new Nexus phone , dubbed the Nexus 5 , is coming soon . It 's unknown whether this phone will be as cheap as the Nexus 4 was when it launched last year . But with lower prices on the Nexus 4 , Google seems to be girding itself for the arrival of a cheaper iPhone , supposedly called the "  iPhone 5C . " Like the Nexus 4 , Apple 's phone could be aimed at customers who want an unlocked , off-contract handset without spending gobs of cash . I 'll be surprised if the Nexus 4 does n't stick around to do battle with Apple , even after the Nexus 5 comes into existence & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Google knocks $ 100 off of its Nexus 4 smartphone It now sells for as little as $ 200 and does n't require a wireless contract The moves comes as Apple is rumored to be planning cheaper iPhone
CNN  -- A powerful and dangerous Bering Sea storm prepared to slam Alaska 's west coast late Tuesday , bringing a brutal mix of high seas , blizzard conditions and strong winds , the National Weather Service said . Sustained winds in some areas are expected to reach up to hurricane-force levels of 75 and 80 miles per hour , with higher gusts possible , meteorologist Stephen Kearney told CNN . Nome , with a population of about 3,700 , will endure sea levels 7 to 8 feet above normal , with occasional 10-foot waves , he said . Chip Leeper , incident commander with the Nome government , said people in low-lying areas and on the edges of a sea wall are being advised to seek shelter elsewhere . There were no mandatory evacuations late Tuesday . While the town was taking the matter seriously , residents were taking things in stride . "  Most people are a hardy lot , " Leeper told CNN . "  We do n't scare easy . " Forecasters said the storm would cross the Chukotsk Peninsula and take a northwestern track into the Chukchi Sea on Wednesday . Widespread flooding and severe beach erosion are expected in several areas , including Norton Sound . While fall storms happen , this one has officials particularly concerned because of the anticipated coastal flooding . Usually , the less-populated Aleutian Islands to the south are most affected . The U.S. Coast Guard said it had moved helicopters into positions to assist . "  We are prestaging helicopters from Air Station Kodiak to parts of Western Alaska in response to severe weather advisories , including hurricane force winds and high seas that are forecast all along the west coast of Alaska , " said Capt. Daniel Travers , Coast Guard District 17 chief of incident management . A 143-foot fishing trawler , Rebecca Irene , had lost an engine in the Bering Sea and Coast Guard crews were preparing to remove non-essential personnel , the Coast Guard said in a statement The mayor of Point Hope , an Inupait village , told CNN Fairbanks affiliate KTVF the community was prepared . Mayor Steve Oomittuck said , if necessary , everyone in the village of about 700 will go to the school , which sits on higher ground .	National Weather Service tracks major storm in Bering Sea U.S. Coast Guard makes preparations Business district of Nome largely protected by sea wall
Washington  CNN  -- The government will provide $ 680 million in compensation to settle a class-action lawsuit by Native American farmers against the U.S. Department of Agriculture , according to a proposed agreement announced Tuesday . Under the agreement , which requires federal court approval , Native Americans can file claims for discrimination involving farm loans that occurred in the period from 1981-1999 , said statements by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Attorney General Eric Holder . "  Today 's settlement can never undo wrongs that Native Americans may have experienced in past decades , but combined with the actions we at USDA are taking to address such wrongs , the settlement will provide some measure of relief to those alleging discrimination , " Vilsack said in his statement . The $ 680 million will compensate eligible members of the class-action suits with valid claims , the statements said . The agreement has two payment tracks -- one provides $ 50,000 to those who provide substantial evidence of discrimination to an impartial adjudicator , and the other pays up to $ 250,000 to those who can show economic losses caused by discrimination . "  Actual monetary awards are subject to reduction based on the amount of available funding and the number of meritorious claims , " the statements said . The settlement also includes $ 80 million for debt relief , as well as other assistance for Native American farmers . In a White House statement , President Barack Obama called the agreement "  an important step forward in remedying USDA 's unfortunate civil rights history . " The lawsuit alleged discrimination against Native Americans regarding their access to and participation in the Agriculture Department 's farm loan programs , according to the statement . "  This settlement marks a major turning point in the important relationship between Native Americans , our nation 's first farmers and ranchers , and the USDA , " said a statement by Joseph M. Sellers , the lead plaintiffs ' attorney . "  After three decades , Native American farmers and ranchers will receive the justice they deserve , and the USDA has committed to improving the farm loan system in ways that will aid Native Americans for generations to come . " George and Marilyn Keepseagle , whose name is on the lawsuit against the government , said they were unfairly denied operating loans and had to sell portions of their sprawling farm on the Standing Rock Reservation in North Dakota . "  This is a great day for us , not only for us but our people , " Marilyn Keepseagle said . "  It 's been a long time brewing and finally today it came to a positive end . And I 'm happy about that . " She said she wants to use some of the money to pay off bills and to make much needed repairs to their home of 40 years . Claryca Mandan of the Mandan , Hidatsa and Arikara Nation , who is a member of the lawsuit , said she was unfairly denied farms loans in the past . Mandan and her husband still reside on land that was allocated by the Dawes General Allotment Act of 1887 , which intended to settle Native American tribes and turn them into farmers and ranchers . "  It definitely was long , and it definitely was worth it , to voice some measure of justice for our community , " Mandan said of the settlement . "  It 's always a rare day and one we rejoice in . We are very happy to be put back on equal footing again with the rest of America . " The settlement also calls for future changes to the USDA 's farm loan program . It will create the Native American Farmer and Rancher Council , a new federal advisory committee , which lawyers said will bring together Native American and USDA officials to discuss the USDA 's programs . "  I think the leadership in the USDA genuinely wants to see them succeed , " Sellers said , adding that it will take time to implement the changes . "  But we have the mechanism that will begin the process of delivering these services to Native Americans so -LSB- with -RSB- the next generation of farmers , the USDA will be a better partner than it has in the past . " He praised the leadership of Marilyn Keepseagle and Claryca Mandan and others , saying their perseverance showed such a case could succeed . "  This illustrates the power of the individuals , " Sellers said , adding they had "  pursued this with great courage and determination , and it 's a great tribute to them and others like them who may want to take on a mission like this . " The agreement follows a similar settlement in February on behalf of African-American farmers against the USDA , known as Pigford II . However , that settlement depends on congressional appropriation of the necessary funds , which has n't happened . Obama 's statement called on Congress to authorize the more than $ 1 billion in funding for the Pigford settlement . Payment to the Native American farmers will come from the Judgment Fund maintained by the Department of Justice . The fund was established to provide monetary awards for court judgments and settlements against the government , and therefore needs no separate congressional authorization for the Native American farmers settlement . According to the 2007 Census of Agriculture , there are about 60,000 Native American farmers in the United States -- double the number of African-American farmers .	Plaintiffs say the long wait was worth it No congressional authorization required to pay settlement The agreement includes $ 680 million in compensation for discrimination The U.S. Department of Agriculture was sued in the class-action lawsuit
CNN  -- Winter travelers trek thousands of miles to the frozen north each year seeking the sky 's "  dancing lights , " which provoke awe , excitement and , some say , sex . CNN iReporter Bruce Barrett shot this rare red aurora in Canada 's Whitehorse , Yukon . Scientists call the natural phenomenon aurora borealis : cascading beams of greens , yellows , blues , purples or reds -- which paint a breathtaking backdrop across the wilderness and attract thousands of tourists annually . "  Usually it starts slowly as kind of a hazy greenish color -- like a mist -- building up in frequency dancing across the sky ... and to me that 's religion , " said photographer Dave Brosha of Yellowknife , Northwest Territories , who 's seen more than 100 Canadian auroras . "  It 's just one of the most incredible feelings a person can have -- sitting there watching that . " To the west in Canada 's Yukon province , tour operator Torsten Eder likes to tell a story about a marriage that was forged under the glowing curtains of light . See spectacular photos of auroras " "  I had one guy from Mexico , and he wanted to surprise his girlfriend by proposing marriage with a ring under the northern lights , " said Eder from his office in Whitehorse . "  We got lucky and the lights were visible ... so our guest went down on his knee and proposed to his girlfriend and she was totally blown away . The funny thing was -- she would n't wear gloves for the first three days -- so she could show the ring off . " The otherworldly lights also have provided inspiration for almost sacred pilgrimages , Eder said . Guests who said they were going blind or battling cancer told him they wanted to view the auroras at least once in their lives . "  It puts enormous pressure on us , " said Eder . "  You ca n't guarantee that the lights will be visible because it 's a natural phenomenon . " The display is generally visible at least every three days , he said . Scientists say the northern lights are created by the sun 's super hot atmosphere , which blasts particles into the protective magnetic field surrounding the Earth . The magnetic field forces the particles toward the north and south poles . About 60 to 200 miles overhead , the particles bump into the Earth 's atmosphere and become electrically "  excited " -- throwing off light of various colors , said Prof. Dirk Lummerzheim of the University of Alaska , Fairbanks . "  The forecast for this winter is a continued quiet sun , in general , " he said . The sun is on the upswing of an 11-year cycle . "  Maybe we will have a few periods once a month where the aurora can get a little bit more active . " Although the phenomenon occurs around the clock , the lights are only visible at night . The best time of year to see them is during winter , when darkness in the upper latitudes stretches up to 24 hours . See map where northern lights can be seen " Eder 's Northern Tales tour company picks up guests at their hotels about 10 p.m. and takes them to an area about 20 minutes outside Whitehorse 's city lights . There , travelers can enjoy nature 's colorful show from a heated , walled tent until around 2 a.m. "  We almost take it for granted sometimes , " said Brosha . "  No matter how many times you 've seen the aurora borealis -- when they really dance , when you get some really unique colors -- you just kind of say , ` Wow , I 'm so lucky to see that . ' " A warmer way to enjoy the northern lights is a shallow , natural rock lake at Chena Hot Springs outside Fairbanks , Alaska , which allows bikini-clad guests to enjoy the lights in temperatures of 106 degrees Fahrenheit . "  I mean , honestly , it 's the best way to see them , " said spokeswoman Denise Ferree . "  Because you 're warm and toasty and you 're watching the northern lights above . " Chena 's owner , Bernie Karl -- who 's often as colorful as the lights themselves -- said the auroras sometimes spark the libido . "  Having sex under the northern lights -- it 's an awesome experience , " Karl said . "  Have you ever been out in nature at 35 below zero with northern lights bouncing over your head and your bare ass ? Well , you need to try it . " If the hot springs are n't for you , Chena also takes guests up a nearby mountain to observe the auroras from heated Mongolian-style tents called yurts . The resort prides itself on its environmental initiative , which has led to the generation of clean electricity from geothermal heat produced by the hot spring . "  Iceland is probably one of the best places to see the northern lights , " said Reykjavik tour guide Arni Magnusson of AM Tours . That 's especially true as the U.S. dollar gains value against the Icelandic krona -- offering some attractive hotel and shopping opportunities . Guests are picked up at their hotel for a 20-minute drive outside the city to view the lights from higher elevations . "  People say they feel closer to Earth and to the forces of nature , " said Magnusson . "  The lights totally overwhelm them . " Dan Hershman 's life changed dramatically after he photographed a spectacular aurora in Washington state in 2000 , which was a peak year in the solar cycle . "  These things are just dynamic and they seem just alive and organic , " said Hershman , who at the time was a high school music teacher . The photo was unique enough to attract the attention of NASA , which ran the image on its Web site , Hershman said . This spurred his interest in photography and soon , as Hershman put it , "  my hobby became my profession and my profession became my hobby . " Now Hershman performs as principal bassoonist in local orchestras as a hobby -- and he teaches high school photography in Federal Way , Washington , as his profession . The trick to photographing the auroras , Hershman said , is choosing to take the picture when the lights are n't moving as much . "  Otherwise it looks like nothing but a big blob , " he said . IF YOU GO WHITEHORSE Activities Yukon Brewing Company offers tours of this award-winning brewery , the home of such libations as Espresso Stout , made with local espresso from Midnight Sun Coffee Roaster . Mac 's Fireweed , an independent bookstore and a Whitehorse institution , offers a nice selection of magazines and a huge catalogue of book titles . Northern Tales tour company picks up guests at their hotels and takes them a short distance outside Whitehorse to view the auroras from heated , walled tents . Stay : Just north of Whitehorse , see the northern lights from Takhini Hot Springs , which offers cabins and camping facilities . Two bed and breakfasts come recommended by Whitehorse residents : Casey 's and Hawkins House , at 867-668-7638 . YELLOWKNIFE Activities Enjoy warm tepees as well as food and drinks while viewing the northern lights at Aurora Village , which gets up to 20 hours of darkness in the winter months . FAIRBANKS Stay : Chena Hot Springs resort offers accommodations and viewing tours of the northern lights . Locals also recommend Mount Aurora Fairbanks Creek lodge for those seeking views of the spectacular lights . ALASKA WILDERNESS Stay : If you 're looking for a trip deeper into the wilderness , Tolovana Hot Springs offers views of the auroras about 45 miles from Fairbanks -- accessible by trail or plane only . Northern lights tours : Travel to the Brooks mountain range above the Arctic Circle can be arranged with Out in Alaska at 877-374-9958 . Northern Alaska Tour Co. offers wilderness tours to see the auroras in Coldfoot . ICELAND Northern lights tours : Visitors interested in guided views of the northern lights can contact AM Tours at 011-354-898-6581 . Activities : Enjoy the hot springs and spa facilities at the famous Blue Lagoon . Find general information on touring Iceland at Iceland Travel .	Sex under northern lights is an awesome experience , says resort owner People diagnosed with terminal or blinding diseases seek out aurora borealis Brilliant green , blue "  dancing lights " inspire marriage proposals , says guide Spectacular phenomenon occurs when solar particles hit near Earth 's poles
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Michael Jackson had a level of hero worship on a par with Elvis Presley or the Beatles but he was the first black star to inspire such a massive following around the world . Michael Jackson , the ultimate showman , craved attention and was rarely disappointed . Total worldwide sales of more than 350 million records over his 40-year career give just a hint of the adoration there was for the "  King of Pop . " The fact that his death came on the eve of a comeback tour in London will leave his devotees feeling even more bereft . While his career -- and wealth -- had waned greatly in recent years , there was still enough support for the concerts to sell out at a rate of nearly 40,000 an hour . Fans from as far afield as Japan , Germany and Dubai queued to buy their tickets . Steve Greenberg , founder and CEO of S-Curve Records , was a disc jockey in Tel Aviv , Israel , when "  Thriller " first dropped and witnessed first-hand how Jackson became an international icon . His was a global appeal , Greenberg said , among fans and artists worldwide . "  He was as big in the Middle East and Southeast Asia as he was in America and Europe , " Greenberg said . "  He had that universality that not many people had . The Beatles had it , Muhammad Ali had it , but not many other people have had it . " Jackson was known for far more than his music though . Speaking after his death in Los Angeles was announced , U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev. Al Sharpton paid tribute to the work of a "  trailblazer " in helping people around the world through his charities . How will you remember Michael Jackson ? Sharpton added that the song Jackson co-wrote with Lionel Richie , "  We Are the World , " a 1985 charity single that raised an estimated $ 50 million for famine relief in Africa , ushered in Live Aid and the era of celebrity philanthropy . Jackson was the supreme showman who had an unrivalled knack of grabbing headlines . From his precocious abilities as the 11-year-old singer in the Jackson 5 to his legendary "  moon-walk " dance , the star craved attention , and was rarely disappointed . Jackson "  as big as it gets " " But in the years after his colossal 1982 hit album "  Thriller " and its 1987 follow-up "  Bad , " much of the focus did not cast him in a good light . In 1996 the lead singer of Pulp , Jarvis Cocker , caused a furor at the Brit Awards in London when he invaded the stage during Jackson 's performance of "  Earth Song " in protest "  at the way Michael Jackson sees himself as some kind of Christ-like figure with the power of healing . " Jackson failed to see the humor in Cocker 's mockery , responding that he was "  sickened , saddened , shocked , upset , cheated , angry " by the protest . He also alleged that Cocker had attacked children on stage , something that the Pulp singer denied . But many in the music industry backed Cocker , who was arrested but later released without charge . The theme of children was one that continued to haunt Jackson . In 2002 he caused a public outcry by dangling his baby son Prince Michael II from a third-floor hotel balcony in Germany before the world 's press . He later said he regretted the incident . Watch video of the incident " And in a 2003 interview with British journalist Martin Bashir that was supposed to repair his image around the world , the singer revived allegations of child abuse when he said of sharing a bed with a young boy : "  It 's a beautiful thing . It 's very right , it 's very loving . Because what 's wrong with sharing a love ? " A warrant was issued for his arrest on charges of sexually molesting 12-year-old Gavin Arvizo . Jackson surrendered himself to police amid a media furor . In the 2005 trial conducted in the glare of the world 's media spotlight , Jackson was cleared of child molestation charges . Following the trial , Jackson 's finances took a hit and he was forced to sell his Neverland ranch in California . He later kept a low profile in the United States and spent time in Britain , where his friends included psychic spoonbender Uri Geller and Harrod 's owner Mohamed Al Fayed , and also in Bahrain . But in November last year , Jackson was sued by an Arab sheikh at the High Court in London for $ 7.7 million . They parted "  amicably " after agreeing a settlement . Jackson had been invited with his children and entourage to Bahrain by the king 's son , Sheikh Abdulla bin Hamad Al Khalifa , who lavished money on Jackson and built a recording studio , which he believed would be used to record albums by Jackson using material the sheikh had helped to write . But Jackson insisted there was no valid agreement and that the sheikh 's case was based on "  mistake , misrepresentation and undue influence . " He said sums of money paid out by the sheikh were "  gifts . " As fans around the world mourn it is likely Michael Jackson will be remembered as a musical hero -- but also a man with human flaws .	Michael Jackson was adored by fans around the world Total sales exceeding 700 million records over his 40-year career U.S. civil rights campaigner Rev. Al Sharpton paid tribute to his charity work
CNN  -- Growing up in Lisbon , I was always pleased to tuck into the little fish pates offered as part of the entrees at my local restaurant . Little did I know , that many years later , this Portuguese staple of sardines would become one of the hooks which would lift the Iberian nation out of recession . In the second quarter of this year , Portugal 's economy outperformed many other countries in the European Union with growth of 1.1 % , thanks in part to its exports , which rose by more than 5 % . But the export euphoria was short lived : many knew that behind those chunky fish fillets , Portugal had some economic bones to swallow . Fish canning factory Conserveira do Sul , is in many ways , an example of Portugal 's economic successes and failures . For more than 30 years , this family-run business in the south of the country has fought crisis after crisis . As I get a tour of the factory , one of its co-owners , Jorge Ferreira , tells me the company has been in "  pre-alert crisis since the 1970s " -- a time when the canned fish sector went into a deep crisis and many factories closed . Read more : Europe feeling the economic winds of change This time around however , the crisis has brought him a good economic catch . Ferreira says : "  Our products are low priced and they have been the option for many people who have had their wages reduced , so in the last few years we have observed an increase in the quantity sold of our product . " In other words , the business is faring better as the Portuguese turn to a cheaper diet . But the success of Conserveira do Sul , which produces 12 tons of fish every day , has more to thank than just its domestic market . Read more : Serbian PM : We will be next to join European Union Chinese demand for the product , and two large distribution deals in China , have played a large part in their turnaround . "  The Chinese are looking for healthy and safe products ... a safe process is very important to the Chinese market because they are very aware of contamination problems , of pollution problems " says Ferreira . To secure these key distribution deals , Jorge tells me he shows off the factory -- the canning process , the sterilization of the product and the fresh fish itself , which arrives at the port just outside the factory door -- to Chinese distributors . It 's a move that has brought work and deep sighs of relief to its employees , many of whom have been working here for years . Read more : Portugal energy boss : No need for second bailout Maria is one of them . She has been cleaning , gutting and canning fish since she was 13 . She tells me she has plenty of work . Inside the factory she can not feel the crisis ; outside however , it 's a different matter . Therein lays Portugal 's economic predicament . While those traditional exports of fish and olive oil offered a ray of hope in the second quarter , they were not the country 's saving grace , with some arguing the numbers were simply an anomaly . The coalition government may have known that it was too early to call this a turnaround , because they did little to play off these numbers . Read more : Merkel 's style over substance Ricardo Marques , an economist at Informacao dos Mercados Financeiros , tells me over a coffee that we are "  seeing an improvement in Portugal 's economy but as long as austerity is being implemented the people on the street will never feel the benefits " . There is certainly more austerity to come . The government of Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho has been unable to persuade the International Monetary Fund , the European Commission and the European Central Bank to ease the country 's deficit target to 4.5 % of GDP from the current 4 % goal . As a result the government is expected to reveal a new batch of austerity measures when it announces its budget on October 15 . These are expected to include more unpopular public sector job cuts , cuts to pensions and benefits and plans to raise the retirement age to 66 . But this wo n't be easy . There is a political crisis inside the governing coalition , the Constitutional Court has ruled four times against the governments ' plans to trim public sector pay and recently there were whispers of a second bailout . Read more : Mutti Merkel is no Iron Lady Thatcher The Troika , which was visiting the country when I was there , was quick to deny the murmurs of another crisis , issuing a statement which said that Portugal 's bailout program "  remains broadly on track , with the authorities determined to achieve its objectives . " There is no doubt that there 's an improvement in the Portuguese economy . There are reasons to be optimistic . But let 's not start popping the champagne just yet . For now , pate and bread may be the most appropriate economic aperitif .	The Portuguese government has been unable to convince creditors to ease its deficit reduction targets Chinese fish demand has played a large part in Conserveira do Sul 's turnaround Creditors issued a statement which said that Portugal 's bailout program "  remains broadly on track
CNN  -- An American businessman was arrested in Singapore for a series of criminal complaints against him -- not for overstaying his visa as his legal defense team claims , according to a Singapore embassy spokesman . Police who arrested Kamari Charlton on September 1 at the Changi Airport were acting on an Interpol alert that he was wanted on allegations of money laundering and running a phone-scam operation in Australia , said embassy spokesman Siewgay Ong . The fact that Charlton , 37 , overstayed his visa was revealed only after he was arrested , he said . Earlier Friday , attorneys for Charlton said he could face three strokes with a cane for overstaying his visa in Singapore . He also could face a six-month jail sentence if convicted , they said . Charlton was about to leave Singapore with his pregnant wife when he was arrested , said Arun Maaran of Charlton 's defense team . He 's been in jail since . His wife is thought to have returned to the Bahamas , where they live , Maaran said . Contact has been sporadic , because she is thought to have been hospitalized with complications to her pregnancy . Consular officers from the U.S. Embassy have visited Charlton six times , said spokeswoman Rachel Ehrendreich . A statement from police in Singapore on Friday said , "  As investigations are ongoing , no final decision has yet been made on the precise charges " that may be filed against Charlton . Caning is widely used as punishment in Singapore , but Charlton 's case is unique , his defense team argues . His wife was in the country on a six-month medical visa , while he was on a three-month tourist visa . Unlike most offenders who overstay , Maaran said , Charlton was not in Singapore to take advantage of its strong economy by working illegally . He overstayed by 169 days , according to court documents . The former Florida State University college football player now successfully runs a construction company , his legal team says . Charlton 's case was to be heard late Friday afternoon to decide whether he has been discriminated against . If he prevails , his case could end up in high court and be resolved within a week or two . But many legal scenarios could play out and the case could drag on , Maaran said . Police denied the claims of discrimination , saying they are "  wholly baseless . " The discrimination argument is based on another case involving overstaying a visa . A cousin of Charlton 's wife also overstayed but was allowed to leave Singapore after paying a fine , Maaran said . If convicted , Charlton would be caned unless he could provided a medical reason otherwise . The case is reminiscent of the 1994 case of American teenager Michael Faye , who was sentenced to caning for vandalism in Singapore . After U.S. officials requested leniency , the Singapore government reduced the number of lashes he was given . The U.S. Embassy in Singapore is closely monitoring Charlton 's case , Ehrendreich said . "  We remind U.S. citizens that foreigners in any country are subject to the laws of that country , " she said . "  We respect Singapore 's right to try and sentence individuals within due process of law . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Singapore embassy says American was arrested for criminal allegations Former college football player Kamari Charlton could get three strokes , lawyers say He overstayed his visa to stay in Singapore by 169 days Charlton was in the country with his wife , who was on a medical visa
The Hollywood Reporter  Sam Simon , the nine-time Emmy Award-winning comedy writer and producer who helped develop "  The Simpsons , " made millions after leaving the show in 1993 and then donated his riches to charity , has died , his foundation announced on Facebook . He was 59 . Simon was diagnosed in February 2013 with terminal colon cancer . Yet through it all , he tried to remain upbeat and keep his sense of humor . "  The Museum of Broadcasting called and said , ` We were thinking about doing an archive interview with you . Do you mind if we did it now ? ' " Simon said with a laugh on Marc Maron 's WTF podcast that first ran in May 2013 . During his brief career , the influential Simon also served as the showrunner on the sitcom "  Taxi " at the age of 23 ; wrote for and produced the comedies "  Cheers " and "  The Drew Carey Show " ; and created a Fox series for the legendary stand-up comic George Carlin in the mid-1990s . Simon also wrote the 1991 film "  The Super , " a 20th Century Fox comedy starring Joe Pesci as a New York slumlord . Most recently , Simon was a consultant on the Charlie Sheen series "  Anger Management " and hosted a show on Radioio.com . He showed up frequently on Howard Stern 's SiriusXM show and in March 2013 thanked the acerbic host for being "  the perfect friend . " Story : Terminally Ill ` Simpsons ' Co-Creator Vows to Give Away Fortune A cartoonist and Stanford graduate , Simon developed "  The Simpsons " with Matt Groening  who came up with the characters based on his family  and producer James L. Brooks . All three had worked on "  The Tracey Ullman Show , " where Bart Simpson and his family got their start as animated sketches shown before and after commercials . "  The Simpsons , " centering on TV 's "  first fully self-aware dysfunctional family , " as Simon put it , debuted on Fox on December 17 , 1989 , and is now the longest-running primetime series in American history . Ken Levine , an Emmy winner who has written for "  The Simpsons " and other sitcoms , described Simon 's contribution to the show during a 2009 interview published in Stanford Magazine . "  Sam brought a level of honesty to the characters , " Levine said . "  Is it too bizarre to say he made cartoon characters three-dimensional ? His comedy is all about character , not just a string of gags . In ` The Simpsons , ' the characters are motivated by their emotions and their foibles . ` What are they thinking ? ' -- that is Sam 's contribution . The stories come from the characters . " Simon also is credited with assembling the show 's elite writing team that included Al Jean , George Meyer , John Swartzwelder , Mike Reiss , Jon Vitti and Conan O'Brien . Story : James L. Brooks on ` Simpsons ' journey "  I remember Sam coming into the room , and me pitching to him and initially being really intimidated , " O'Brien told Vanity Fair in 2007 . "  He 's hilarious . It was fun to try and make him laugh . I remember that about Sam . If I could make Sam laugh , I was excited . " Tired of the grind , Simon exited the show in 1993 after four seasons but worked out a deal tied to home video sales that he said paid him "  tens of millions " every year . The agreement also guaranteed him executive producer credit long after he departed , and his name appears in the credits of every episode . A couple of years after he left , Simon knew he would have enough money to retire from show business . He was in his mid-30s . As detailed in The Hollywood Reporter 's 2013 Philantrophy Issue , Simon 's charitable contributions include founding the Malibu-based Sam Simon Foundation  worth nearly $ 23 million as of 2011  that rescues the hungry and feeds stray dogs . His other pet charities include PETA , which in February thanked him for his support by naming its Norfolk , Virginia , headquarters The Sam Simon Center ; international nonprofit Save the Children ; and the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society , a global marine conservation organization . His generosity led the latter in 2012 to name one of the four ships in its fleet of vessels -- used to hinder whaling and illegal fishing -- the M/Y Simon . Simon also turned a Malibu spread into a canine haven that rescues dogs from kill shelters and trains them as companions for the deaf . "  The sort of lifetime achievement stuff that I 'm getting now is kind of like Tom Sawyer 's funeral because they all know I 'm sick , " Simon told THR 's Gary Baum . "  I am getting buildings named after me and awards and stuff . The truth is , I have more money than I 'm interested in spending . Everyone in my family is taken care of . And I enjoy this . " In May 2014 , it was revealed that Simon spent $ 60,000 to rescue an abused thoroughbred . Simon , who won eight of his Emmys for writing/producing "  The Simpsons "  many after he left  and one for producing "  The Tracey Ullman Show , " was married to and divorced from actress Jennifer Tilly  1984 to 1991  and Playboy Playmate Jami Ferrell  for mere weeks in 2000  . Neither marriage produced any children . Born June 6 , 1955 , Simon grew up in Beverly Hills in an era when the neighborhood was "  quaint , " as he put it . Groucho Marx lived across the street , and he recalled walking into his parents ' room as a youngster and finding the legendary comic and his mom sitting on the bed .  He stressed they were n't about to have sex .  Another time , Elvis Presley returned the dog that Simon had lost . While at Stanford , Simon drew cartoons for the local newspapers in San Francisco and the school paper and landed a job at Filmation Studios doing storyboards for "  The New Adventures of Mickey Mouse " and "  Heckle & Jeckle . " Simon scored his first TV writing gig on the animated "  Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids " in 1979 . He mailed in a script to "  Taxi "  co-created by Brooks  that was accepted , and that led to a staff writing position and then the job as showrunner . Simon also went on to direct episodes of the Carlin show , "  The Drew Carey Show , " "  Friends , " "  Norm " and "  Anger Management . " An avid poker player , Simon re-created his home game in a penthouse at the Palms Hotel in Las Vegas for a Playboy TV show in 2009 . The show also featured Tilly -- a very good player -- as well as comedians Dave Attell , Norm Macdonald , Jeffrey Ross and Artie Lange . Another one of Simon 's more eclectic pursuits was working the corner at amateur fights and serving as president of Sweet Science Inc. , which managed boxer Lamon Brewster . His fighter stunningly knocked out Wladimir Klitschko to win a share of the heavyweight championship in 2004 . During his chat with Maron , Simon noted that the way to know when to put down your ailing dog is to "  list the three things he loves to do . When he ca n't do those any longer , it 's time . "  One of my three things is laying in bed and watching TV . So by that criteria , I will never be euthanized . " Later , talking about all the millions he 's given to charity , he added : "  I kinda like it when people talk about me as a special person . But I know I would be a nut if I did n't have a lot of money . " People we 've lost in 2015 © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Sam Simon helped create "  The Simpsons , " oversaw first four seasons Simon earned millions and was determined to give it away Animal welfare was among Simon 's primary causes
CNN  -- He 's used to making waves in the pool , but Ryan Lochte has caused a few ripples of excitement on social media after tweeting out a photo of himself in front of what he claims was 10,000 calories worth of food , including piles of chicken and asparagus . It 's not clear whether the five-time Olympic gold medalist was about to tuck into the food in one sitting , but eating what amounts to around four times the recommended daily calorie intake for an adult male would not be unusual for someone like Lochte , says a leading sports nutritionist . "  It 's quite a lot of food ! " Lewis James , a lecturer in nutrition at the UK 's Loughborough University , told CNN . "  I would expect someone like Ryan Lochte to have 10,000 calories in a day but in one meal it sounds like quite a lot . " Lochte , who turns 30 at the beginning of August , is n't the first swimmer to reveal a gargantuan appetite . His former U.S. swimming teammate Michael Phelps once famously claimed to consume 12,000 calories a day , before later saying it was a myth . Swimmers ' grueling training schedules , combined with their larger bodies , mean they require many more calories than most other top athletes , James says . "  Generally , if you look at athletes , most of the guys that are larger do n't do so much exercise , " he explains . "  The guys that tend to do a lot of exercise and have a lot of hours of training tend to be smaller . Look at the typical Tour  de France  cyclist -- they are somewhere between 60-75 kilos , most of those guys . "  So they are doing an awful lot of activity but their body weight is a lot lower , so they have less weight to sustain essentially , " he adds . "  During a day on the Tour de France , you 'd perhaps expect total energy expenditure to be between 6,000-7 ,000 calories for most of the cyclists . " Unlike Tour riders , who can top up their energy reserves with energy bars and fluids en route , swimmers ca n't do the same , explains James . "  People like Ryan would be training for very long periods at a time ,  meaning  they have long periods of their days when they do n't get any food in at all . " "  You 've got someone who has a higher requirement  for calories  but technically has less hours to consume that requirement because he 's in a pool for three to four hours a day . " You are what you eat , so the saying goes , and it seems athletes are only going to be as good as their last meal . "  Everyone should be working hard to make sure they have got the appropriate diet for their sport or their event , making sure they are well fed and have consumed the right nutrients at the right times so that we can really maximize performance , " James says . "  Messing your diet up or not eating properly in a lot of events can really impair your performance . " Read more : Olympic athletes ' extreme eating habits	Five-time Olympic champion tweets photo of 10,000-calorie meal Elite swimmers require so much energy because of their size and grueling training schedule Most athletes requiring endurance are a lot smaller , says UK nutrition expert "  Messing your diet up can really impair performance , " Lewis James says
Rolling Stone  -- Doobie Brothers drummer Michael Hossack died at his home in Dubois , Wyoming , on Monday at the age of 65 . He had been battling cancer for some time and succumbed to complications of the disease with his family at his side . Hossack was a member of the Doobie Brothers between 1971 and 1973 , playing on several of the band 's best-known hits , including "  Jesus Is Just Alright , " "  Listen to the Music " and "  China Grove . " Hossack returned to the band when they reunited in 1987 and was a mainstay of the group through the next two decades , performing on most of the group 's tours until he took a health leave in 2010 . The Doobie Brothers released a statement on Hossack in January , saying he was improving slowly . In 2010 , Hossack wrote a message to his fans explaining that , while "  it 's been hard not touring with the band , " he had "  incredible support " from his family , friends and the Doobie Brothers . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Michael Hossack lost his battle with cancer on Monday . He was 65 Hossack was the drummer for the Doobie Brothers between 1971 and 1973 Hossack returned to the band in 1987 and was a mainstay until 2010
Hong Kong ,  CNN  -- In the history of power couples who met at work , there 's Michelle and Barack Obama , BeyoncÃ © and Jay-Z , and , yes , even Pam and Jim from "  The Office . " And then there 's Melinda and Bill Gates . Jointly helming a multi-billion dollar philanthropic foundation , they are firmly at the top of the power couple pyramid . A married couple who met at work is not a particularly rare thing . Three in ten workers who have dated a colleague said in a recent survey by CareerBuilder.com that their office romance eventually led to marriage . But for Melinda , the situation was different . While at Microsoft , where she rose to General Manager of Information Products , she was dating the big boss . Let me rephrase that . She was dating the extraordinarily wealthy and powerful founder of Microsoft whose software powered the PC revolution . So , was it tough ? "  Sure , " she tells me . "  I had very clear boundaries , and my teams knew that -- that I did not go home and discuss work with Bill because he was the CEO . " "  And I think that allowed me to be effective with them and for them to know that I was leading them as a team . " Recently in Kuala Lumpur , we had a wide-ranging and refreshingly frank conversation about her work as the co-founder of one of the world 's largest private foundations . We talked about her goals at the foundation , namely her plan to get modern contraceptives to another 120 million women around the world by 2020 . But for CNN 's Leading Women series , I wanted to get to get something else out of the interview -- a chance to hear straight from one of the world 's most powerful women on how to power ahead  without relying on that overused phrase "  work-life balance " . As co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , her job involves major policy goals from education reform to polio eradication . A typical day at the office may include strategy reviews and one-on-one meetings , but a substantial amount of her work happens out on the field . Gates spends a third of her time on the road . She says carving out quality time for both her work and her family is a struggle that she manages through considerable planning and bringing the kids to work . "  Some of my trips I actually plan around their school breaks , " she says . "  So , all three of our children have been with us to Africa . " "  Bill and I go over our calendars a lot to make sure as much as we can that one of us is home when we can be and to make sure that the kids know they really are the center of our lives . " Both Mr. and Mrs. Gates endeavor to drive the children to school , tuck them into bed at night , and cheer them on from the sidelines . And if Bill is about to shirk family time for other matters , Melinda will call him on it . "  There was a science fair recently at at school . Bill had promised he would be there . I signed up for something on the road and he had a pretty important trip come up . I had to say , ` You know , you said you were going to do that . ' So , sure enough , he followed through . " So yes , Melinda Gates prompts Bill to "  lean in " when it comes to parenting duties . Bill in turn honors her career triumphs with the family , including her being named by Forbes the third most powerful woman in the world . "  We do n't show the kids all the press because they do n't need to know everything that Bill and I are doing . But at the dinner table , Bill actually brought it up and the kids said , ` Wow , mom that 's really fantastic ! ' " "  Our youngest daughter who 's 10 said to me later that night , ` You know mom , you should tell us more about what you do . ' " And she does , especially as the Gates prepare for their children to make their own way in the world . Bill Gates has famously said he would leave only a fraction of his fortune to his heirs . Earlier this year on Reddit , he said , "  I definitely think leaving kids massive amounts of money is not a favor to them . " Melinda could n't agree more . "  We both feel like we benefited enormously from feeling like we had jobs , we had income , we were watching how we were spending our money . I want my kids to have that opportunity . "  So that 's another reason why it 's important for me to be a role model , particularly for my girls to see what it 's like to be a woman and do that juggle between work life and family life . " So she works to inform and inspire her own children . She works to bring her partner on side to share the responsibilities and joys of raising a family . And she works to extend access to lifesaving medicine , quality education and modern contraceptives to hundreds of millions of people around the world . For the female force that is Melinda Gates , that 's all in a day 's work .	Gates is co-founder of the multi-billion dollar philanthropic foundation she runs with her husband She plans to get contraceptives to 120 million women around the world by 2020 Gates elaborates on her early relationship with Bill while working together at Microsoft
A new trial has been ordered for Mississippi death row inmate Michelle Byrom , according to a state Supreme Court opinion issued Monday . Byrom 's capital murder conviction was reversed , and the case has been remanded to the circuit court for a new trial , the opinion said . "  We are very grateful that the Mississippi Supreme Court has granted Michelle Byrom 's request for relief from her death sentence , " said Byrom 's attorney , David Calder . "  This was a team effort on the part of the attorneys currently representing Michelle , and we believe that the court reached a just and fair result under the facts presented in this case . " Byrom has been on death row since her 2000 conviction for capital murder . The 57-year-old woman was convicted of being the mastermind of a murder-for-hire plot to kill her allegedly abusive husband , a killing her son had admitted to committing in several jailhouse letters and , according to court documents , in an interview with a court-appointed psychologist . He recanted when he was put on the stand , according to court records . Attorney General Jim Hood , who had requested Byrom 's execution , said Monday his office would seek the court 's reasoning for the reversal . "  While we respect the Mississippi Supreme Court 's decision , it is important that the trial court know and understand the specific errors that were found by the justices so that the lower court knows the best way to proceed , " he said . "  Our citizens can once again take comfort in the fact that we have a legal system that works for all parties involved . " The Supreme Court opinion noted that the decision "  is extraordinary and extremely rare in the context of a petition for leave to pursue post-conviction relief . " Oliver Diaz , the former presiding justice of the Supreme Court , called the opinion "  actually kinda amazing , " from the order for a new trial to the ruling 's release on a Monday instead of a Thursday , as usual . "  The lawyers filed a last ditch motion for additional post conviction relief . These are almost never granted . Defendants are limited to a single post conviction motion , " he wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  It is extremely rare to grant and send back for a new trial . " The court further instructed that a different judge should be assigned to Byrom 's new trial . Circuit Judge Thomas J. Gardner , who imposed the death sentence on Byrom after her conviction , declined to comment to CNN , saying , "  The matter is ongoing . " Diaz also said the order for a new judge was extraordinary . "  Also , taking the step of removing the original trial judge is very unusual as well , " he wrote . Tara Booth , spokeswoman for the Mississippi Department of Corrections , said the department expects an order Tuesday to transfer Byrom from the Central Mississippi Correctional Facility to Tishomingo County , where the killing occurred . Hood , the attorney general , had requested that Byrom be executed "  on or before  the date of  March 27 , " but the Mississippi Supreme Court , which has the final say on execution dates , denied Hood 's request . During Michelle Byrom 's original trial , prosecutors said she plotted to kill her husband , who was fatally shot in his home in Iuka , Mississippi , in 1999 while Michelle was in the hospital receiving treatment for double pneumonia . A jury convicted her based on evidence and testimony alleging that she was the mastermind of the plot . Byrom Jr. admitted in jailhouse letters that he had committed the crime on his own after growing tired of his father 's physical and verbal abuse , and a court-appointed psychologist has said that Byrom Jr. told him a similar story . On the stand , Byrom Jr. pinned the slaying on one of his friends , whom he said his mother had hired for $ 15,000 . Following her attorney 's advice , Michelle Byrom waived her right to a jury sentencing , allowing the judge to decide her fate . He sentenced her to death . Prior to Monday 's ruling , Michelle Byrom 's defense attorneys had filed a motion asking the court for additional discovery so the alleged confession to the court-appointed psychologist could be fully explored . The defense attorneys also want to depose the prosecutor from her trial , Arch Bullard , regarding his knowledge of Byrom Jr. 's alleged confession to the psychologist . Bullard has told CNN that he firmly believes Michelle Byrom was the mastermind of the murder-for-hire plot .	Defense attorney "  grateful " for decision , applauds "  just and fair result " in case Michelle Byrom was sentenced to death for the 1999 slaying of her husband in Iuka , Mississippi Byrom , set to be executed for her husband 's murder , gets new trial , state high court says Defense says it wants to explore Byrom 's son 's confession to court-appointed psychologist
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has been placed under house arrest , Pakistani media reported Thursday . The Pakistan government said earlier Thursday it would obey an order by Islamabad 's High Court to arrest Musharraf , Pakistan 's interim Minister of Information Arif Nizami said . The order is legally binding , said Nizami , who is acting as a spokesman for the government . The government had to act within 24 hours of the high court decision or face contempt of court charges . Local TV stations earlier showed police entering his villa compound , where Musharraf went after being quickly ushered from the court by his private security detail . The arrest order was made at the same time the court rejected Musharraf 's request for a bail extension in a case he is facing over the detention of judges in 2007 . The ruling set the stage for his arrest and has further undermined his political ambitions . Musharraf 's office called the Islamabad court 's decision "  unwarranted judicial activism " that was "  seemingly motivated by personal vendettas , " and said it would appeal against it at the Supreme Court . But Ibrahim Satti , one of Musharraf 's attorneys , told local TV reporters that they had arrived at the court too late in the day and that the Supreme Court refused to accept the appeal . Satti said Musharraf 's legal team would seek to file the appeal Friday instead , local TV stations reported . Since Musharraf 's court appearance Thursday , his spokespeople have given contradictory statements about his legal status . Musharraf remains in his Islamabad home . Meanwhile , the Islamabad High Court issued a ruling calling the inspector general of Islamabad police to court Friday to explain why his officers did not arrest Musharraf in court Thursday as instructed . The high court ruling asks the inspector what precise steps police took to arrest Musharraf . The ruling also says that when Musharraf allegedly ordered the house arrest of senior judges in 2007 , it was an "  act of terrorism " to prevent the judges from doing their job . Musharraf halted from running for parliament , lawyer says Return from exile Musharraf resigned as president of the South Asian nation five years ago and went into exile in London and Dubai . He returned to Pakistan under heavy security to contest three court cases against him and run in upcoming elections . But so far , his return does not seem to be going according to plan . This week , Pakistani election officials barred Musharraf from running for a seat in parliament , a decision his lawyer has said he will challenge in the Supreme Court . That decision appears to have emboldened members of the judiciary , many of whom have bitter memories of their treatment by Musharraf during his time in power . The rejection of bail Thursday came in a case in which Musharraf faces accusations that he illegally imposed house arrest on senior judges during a period of emergency rule he imposed six years ago . It was n't immediately clear how the high court 's ruling would play out . Pakistani authorities also have an inconsistent track record in enforcing court decisions against prominent figures . A January court order for the arrest of Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf in connection with a long-running corruption case has yet to be carried out . No former Pakistani army chief has been arrested before , and former presidents have only ever been placed under house arrest , never sent to jail . When asked last week about his fears of arrest , Musharraf brushed the question aside . He had previously received bail extensions in the cases concerning him . And he was initially granted "  protective " bail to ward off potential arrest when he returned to Pakistan . But the judiciary appears to have taken a more aggressive line than he may have expected , stepping up the pursuit of cases against him . Musharraf : ` There is no case against me ' Accusations over Bhutto Besides the case concerning the detention of the judges , Musharraf is also accused separately of not doing enough to protect the life of Benazir Bhutto , the first woman to be elected prime minister of Pakistan . A leading member of the opposition , she was assassinated on December 27 , 2007 , after leaving a campaign rally in Rawalpindi , just two weeks before the general election in which she hoped to be returned to office . In another case , he is charged with ordering his troops to kill Nawab Akbar Bugti , a popular tribal leader in the volatile province of Balochistan , in 2006 . Musharraf was disqualified from contesting elections in Pakistan because of the state of emergency he declared in 2007 . Even though he has n't been tried for that action , the move was ruled an act of treason , making him ineligible to run for office . Musharraf maintains he should not be barred because he has not been convicted of any criminal acts . Some Pakistanis are happy to see the return of the ex-military ruler , hoping his leadership could help restore order to a country riddled with political division and plagued by extremist violence . But he also made many enemies in the final years of his presidency , notably among the judges he detained . The Pakistani Taliban vowed to send a death squad to hunt down the former president if he returned to the country . Musharraf has said he has been living under threats of death since September 11 , 2001 , when he supported the American war on terror and fought against the Taliban . The former general became president after a bloodless coup in 1999 . Musharraf 's popularity began declining in 2007 after he suspended the nation 's Supreme Court chief justice for "  misuse of authority . " The move resulted in protests and accusations that he was attempting to influence the court 's ruling on whether he could seek another five-year term . Read more : Musharraf halted from running for parliament , lawyer says Read more : Musharraf : ` There is no case against me ' CNN 's Nic Robertson , and journalists Nasir Habib and Imran Javed , reported from Islamabad . CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	Musharraf recently returned to Pakistan from exile to try to run in upcoming elections Islamabad High Court asks city police chief to explain why Musharraf was n't arrested Pervez Musharraf 's office : The decision to deny a bail extension is "  unwarranted judicial activism "
CNN  -- Kevin Ware 's leg may be broken but not his spirit . Not in the least bit . Millions of television viewers cringed , when a bone punched through Ware 's skin , protruding out of his leg after the University of Louisville guard landed hard from a jump to block a shot Sunday night . It brought the Elite Eight game against the Duke Blue Devils to a screeching halt in the first half . "  I kind of joke a little bit , " Ware said . "  Like I should have blocked the shot because I jumped so high , but I guess I just landed wrong and did n't see where I was landing , so that 's kind of what caused the injury . " Ware has taken a peek at the replay , but turned away from the screen , he told CNN on Wednesday . It 's about keeping his attitude upbeat for his team . Ware : ' I honestly never want to see the video ' of broken leg "  I honestly never want to see the video , " he said . "  It puts me in a mental state that I do n't want to be . That would just stop me from being where I need to be , especially if I feel I want to be successful with basketball . " And while his teammates were horrified at the gruesome injury , Ware said it was divine providence . "  This is all God . This is all God 's plan . He would never let anything happen that He would n't want to happen , " he said . Ware was taken to hospital to repair the ugly break . Louisville beat Duke by 22 points , while he was in surgery , to win the region for the Cardinals . He hopes he may have inspired the victory . A photo posted on the Internet shows Ware 's jubilant teammates holding up his jersey as they celebrated their win over Duke . It netted them the NCAA championship trophy for their region and propelled them to the tournament 's Final Four in Atlanta this weekend . Louisville player , injured badly on Sunday , out of hospital Serendipity ? The mishap triggered a heaping dose of well wishes . Ware got a phone call from first lady Michelle Obama . He is unable to remember the conversation , because he was still heavily sedated . "  Please , please call again , " he implored the first lady in the CNN interview . "  It 's a once in a lifetime thing . " A Facebook fan page popped up Sunday and has filled with nearly 80,000 fans . It sported photos and well wishes documenting his journey from injury to surgery and beyond , and includes a photo of him in his hospital bed holding the NCAA regional trophy his team won in the game he was injured in . Ware has been touched by the public support . "  I 'm a very quiet guy , so a lot of this is really new to me , you know , " Ware said . "  I really just appreciate everybody and the support I have right now . The NCAA regional trophy was lying in his bed while he was still unconscious . It was the first thing he woke up to . "  It was like Christmas , but basketball Christmas , " he said . Moment of shock When Ware first crashed down onto the court 's boards , his mother Lisa "  just lost it , " she said . "  It really did look that bad , " she told CNN . Ware called his mother from the emergency room to put her mind at ease . "  The first thing he said was , ` Mom , calm down , I 'm OK , ' " she said . Ware intends to return the court . The broken leg , held together by two metal plates , will heal in eight to 12 weeks , he said . "  I will play basketball again , " Ware said . "  I know patience is key . " Ware could be playing again in less than a year Team rallies around him Earlier Wednesday , Ware recounted at a news conference his distress the moment his leg broke and immediate support from his teammates . He said he was surprised to see some of them crying . "  Everybody was in real shock , and just looking around and seeing that , it was devastating , " said Ware , who was using crutches Wednesday . "  But they pulled it through , and that 's really most important right now , " Ware said . The injured player looked down at his body . It changed his state of mind . "  I see my bone is 6 inches out of my leg , and I go into automatic shock , " he told reporters at a news conference . His foot was dangling off of his shin like a limp rag . Faith and inspiration Teammate Luke Hancock came over to Ware as he lay on the floor and said a prayer for him . Ware said to himself that "  I 'm either going to cry ... or I 'm just going to try to say some words  to help the team  . " He thought of his team and put the pain behind him . In a two-hour surgery , Ware 's broken tibia was straightened and a rod was inserted into it , according to a statement from Kenneth Klein , senior associate athletic director for media relations at the university . For the team and victory In spite of the pain and the road to recovery ahead , Ware is still thinking of his team , not himself . "  I 'll be fine , but  we 've  still got to win this championship , " he said . Mr. Inspiration is ready for the Final Four , where his team is two games away from a potential national championship . He has already made his way to Atlanta to cheer the Cardinals on in person . During his interview with CNN , he and his mother donned T-shirts with the words "  Win it for Kevin . " Louisville takes on Wichita State at 6:05 p.m. ET Saturday , with the winner advancing to the national championship game Monday . CNN 's Dan Moriarty contributed to this report .	Waking up to a trophy in the hospital was "  basketball Christmas , " Ware says "  This is all God 's plan , " he says about the setback "  I just lost it , " his mother adds about son 's grotesque injury
Here 's a roundup of five medical studies published this week that might give you new insights into your health , mind and body . Remember , correlation is not causation -- so if a study finds a connection between two things , it does n't mean that one causes the other . More babies are being breast-fedCenters for Disease Control and Prevention Breast-feeding rates in the United States are on the rise , according to the latest Breastfeeding Report Card from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The CDC reported that 79 % of babies born in 2011 were breast-fed . Southeastern states lagged behind the national average , with Kentucky , Louisiana , Mississippi and West Virginia exhibiting breast-feeding rates below 65 % . California , Montana , Oregon and Washington led the nation with breast-feeding rates above 90 % . The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that breast-feeding continue for at least 12 months , but only about 50 % of infants were still breast-feeding at 6 months . That number dwindled to just above 25 % for infants at 12 months . Extreme weather kills thousands in U.S. each yearCenters for Disease Control and Prevention About 2,000 people in the United States die from extreme weather conditions each year , according to a report released Wednesday by the CDC . The report analyzed death certificates from 2006 to 2010 for deaths attributed to weather-related causes , such as heatstrokes , hypothermia , floods , storms and lightning . Roughly one-third of the weather-related deaths were attributed to excessive natural heat , and nearly two-thirds were attributed to excessive natural cold . The CDC also found that males , African-Americans and the elderly had the highest weather-related mortality rates of any other demographics . Women in the military are less likely to drinkArmed Forces & Society Although male military enlistees and veterans have a history of increased alcohol consumption , it turns out the opposite may be true for women . A study published Thursday in Armed Forces & Society found that women in the military are less likely to drink alcohol than women who have n't served . Researchers used data taken from a 1997 survey of almost 9,000 people and followed up with the young men and women each year until 2010 . The study 's authors suggest the threat of sexual harassment and assault may be a possible explanation for enlisted women not imbibing . They also speculate that women in the military abstain from alcohol to avoid being looked down upon by fellow soldiers . Blood sugar linked to how brains respond to foodSociety for the Study of Ingestive Behavior Does your mouth water at the sight of foods such as pizza and French fries ? Genetics are n't all to blame . Your brain 's response to the sight of food actually has more to do with your blood sugar levels , according to research presented Tuesday at the Society for the Study of Ingestive Behavior 's annual conference . Researchers at the University of Washington examined 21 pairs of identical twins to see whether the brain 's response to the sight of food was linked to genetics . The scientists found twins with lower blood glucose levels saw greater activation in the brain in response to pictures of food . But when it came to rating their appetites and choosing portions for meals , the twins reacted similarly . Autistic brains seen as less flexible at switching tasksCerebral Cortex When switching from one task to another , the brains of autistic children show little change in connectivity , according to a study published Tuesday . Researchers at Stanford University compared functional MRI images of the brains of 34 autistic children to those of 34 typically developing children during different types of activities . In the experiment , the study authors examined the children 's brains at rest , while they looked at pictures and while they were solving math problems . The authors found that it was much easier to distinguish how brain connectivity changed between tasks in children who were not autistic . In the brains of children who were autistic , researchers saw little change .	CDC says that 79 % of U.S. babies born in 2011 were breast-fed Extreme weather kills 2,000 Americans each year , CDC report says When switching tasks , brains of children with autism show less connectivity , study says
CNN  He may be suffering from the effects of a dislocated shoulder -- but golf legend Arnold Palmer has vowed that wo n't stop him from hitting his ceremonial opening tee shot at the Masters in Augusta next month . The 85-year-old , speaking to reporters at the Trump Doral resort where he was opening a villa named after him , said he would look forward "  to being out on that tee even if I fan it . " Palmer 's injury happened when he had a fall at the Father-Son Challenge in Florida shortly before Christmas . He explained : "  I was going to make a speech at the Father-Son and I tripped on a carpet and did a 360 . " But the four-time Masters champion , who hit his first ceremonial opening shot back in 2007 , said nothing would prevent him from joining fellow greats Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player on the course on April 9 -- even though doctors wo n't allow him to swing a golf club just yet . "  Oh yeah , I plan on it , " Palmer , known as ` the King , ' said . "  I have n't been practicing ... I 'm not allowed to swing yet . -LSB- But -RSB- I will whatever . " Palmer 's Masters triumphs came in 1958 , 1960 , 1962 and 1964 , and he made his final competitive Masters appearance -- and his 50th in all -- in 2004 .	Four-time Masters winner suffered dislocated shoulder in December He has struck ceremonial opening tee shot at Masters since 2007 Doctors wo n't allow him to swing a golf club yet He vows to be "  out on that tee even if I fan it "
CNN  There 's a new scavenger hunt on the weekends in Johannesburg . Cars snake around the blocks as drivers slow down to peer through what could be the windows of an abandoned warehouse covered in graffiti . Or it could be the doorway to one of the city 's gourmet food markets , havens of organic produce , Seussian cupcakes and fresh roasted coffees . Three major markets have turned into anchors of redevelopment in the city , driving Johannesburg 's renaissance as the surrounding blocks become magnets for restaurateurs , artists , students and increasing numbers of tourists . The Neighbourgoods Market  73 Juta St. , Braamfontein , Johannesburg ; +27 11 403 0413  is a place people hear before they see it . On Saturday mornings , artisanal food and hipster fashion fill the second and third floors of a parking garage . The entrance is down an alley off DeBeer Street and then up a ramp , but the way is marked and decorated with lights . It should n't be a struggle to find the entrance , just follow the crowds of Beautiful People who come every week for lunch . For shoppers , there are cured meats , rustic breads , endless cheeses , cut flowers and raw chocolates . For diners , it 's a straight shot toward the back for a tray of raw oysters with champagne . Those who prefer their food cooked can head across the way for the best fried chicken in the city  served over watermelon and fries  . On chilly days there 's a potjie , a cast iron cauldron brimming with stew . Up the stairs is an open-air level with seating that overlooks the neighborhood 's pricey new condos and the tangle of train tracks leading to South Africa 's main rail hub . A bit higher up is the fashion level , where racks of leather jackets hang alongside children 's dresses printed with Nelson Mandela 's beaming smile . The Braamfontein neighborhood pulls a curious mix of people . One of the country 's most prestigious universities is nearby , along with the Joburg Theatre complex  158 Civic Boulevard St. , Johannesburg ; +27 11 877 6800  and the headquarters of some of the country 's biggest corporations . A decade ago , Braamfontein felt like it had slipped irretrievably into urban decay . Now it 's one of the most dynamic neighborhoods in the city . The people who pack into the market are the lifeblood of the small shops and galleries on the surrounding streets , which now do most of their business on Saturdays selling photos taken by street kids , vintage clothing and high-design furniture . On the east end of downtown , the weekly market at Arts on Main  268 Fox St. , Johannesburg ; +27 11 334 5947  opened five years ago in a century-old building that was originally a liquor warehouse . Inside there now , there are craft beers and cocktails to sip every Sunday while shoppers wander aisles of food as cosmopolitan as the city itself . There 's the option of sitting on a stool in a sunny courtyard and enjoying Ethiopian coffee , then moving on to an Argentine barbeque and Italian gelato . If that does n't suit , keep walking to find paella , burritos , dim sum and crepes . This is also one of the city 's best places to sample food from around South Africa . The traditional bread known as roosterkoek cooks on the braai barbecue , waiting to be stuffed with vegetables and meat . Nearby is a table of curries from Durban , which can be served as "  bunny chow " inside the hollowed end of a loaf of bread . There 's freshly sliced biltong , the dried meat that could be beef or game . Out on the sidewalk , there 's a braai shack where fresh meats are grilled on the street and served with chips or pap , finely ground corn meal served thick like mash potatoes . When the eating 's done , the rest of the building and neighborhood make for a great walk . Artists have set up studios and galleries around the warehouse where visitors can buy super-enlarged copies of iconic "  Drum " magazine covers from the 1950s , see how prints are made or pick up a gorgeously illustrated art book . The surrounding streets host independent shops and cafes , as well as the city 's only art house cinema , the Bioscope  286 Fox St. , Johannesburg ; +27 11 039 7306  . Staying the night is an option . There 's Curiocity Backpackers  302 Fox St. , Johannesburg ; +27 728 80 9583  , run by the charismatic Bheki Dube , who also organizes walking tours and volunteer experiences . A step above the backpacking circuit is the nearby 12 Decades Hotel  286 Fox St. , Johannesburg ; +1 866 332 3590  , offering boutique-style lodging in 12 rooms decorated by artists to reflect each decade of Johannesburg 's history . At the opposite end of Fox Street , The Sheds  1 Fox St. , Ferreirastown , Johannesburg ; + 27 84 057 0015  is the newest of the markets , housed in a complex of former mining warehouses . From the doorstep visitors can see the offices of the mining companies and banks built on Johannesburg 's gold wealth . Inside , well-tended urban farm beds lead to a dizzying expanse of shopping and dining . Indigenous plants like Kalahari melons are transformed into body creams , while old packets of laundry detergent and potato chips become purses and makeup bags . It 's the food , and drink , that draw in the crowds . Bartenders pull pints of craft beers , next to an American-style barbecue stand and a taco stall . There 's a curious Latin infusion in many of the food stalls , with an emphasis on spicy salsas and novel chocolate sauces . And there 's the full range of traditional South African market fare , including biltong and fantastic cheeses , but also a surprising selection of bubble teas -- the milky drinks often filled with tapioca pearls or fruit jellies that originated in Taiwan . The driving force behind The Sheds is Gerald Garner , whose passion for Joburg history has turned into a beloved series of walking tours , books and now this market that aims to turn into more than a weekend event . They 're currently open Thursday through Sunday , with a busy calendar of live music and performances . Griffin Shea is a writer and traveler based in South Africa . His latest project is a travel app for African cities for iPhone and Android .	Gourmet food markets are revitalizing Johannesburg 's most depressed neighborhoods Markets offer a mix of local and global cuisines , along with clothing and art stalls
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The last survivor of the Titanic , 97-year-old Millvina Dean , is auctioning off her remaining mementos of the doomed ship to pay nursing home bills . Millvina Dean , 97 , is trying to raise money so she can stay in the nursing home she prefers . The auction , which is expected to raise up to $ 50,000 for her , is set to take place Saturday near her home in England . It is the second auction in less than a year for Dean , who was a 9-week-old when the ship sank on its maiden voyage in 1912 . Among the items going under the hammer at Henry Aldridge & Son is a canvas bag that might have been used to lift the infant Dean from a lifeboat to a rescue ship , said Alan Aldridge of the auction house . "  Historical documents say she was lifted from the lifeboat onto Carpathia , the rescue ship , in a mail sack , " Aldridge said . After her rescue , Dean , her mother and her brother returned to England with a canvas sack , among other possessions . "  There is speculation that this would have been the bag . It 's a leather and canvas bag . You would easily get a child or infant in it , " Aldridge said , though he added that research by the Smithsonian , the British Postal Museum and the Liverpool Maritime Museum showed no proof that Dean had been taken off the lifeboat in that particular bag . Given that the auctioneer can not prove Dean was rescued in the bag , "  we expect it to fetch # 3,000  $ 4,480  . If it was the bag she was rescued in , it would be # 30,000 to # 40,000 ,  $ 44,800 to $ 60,000  , but we ca n't prove it . It depends on what people are prepared to believe . " Aldridge said he was eager to raise as much for Dean as possible . "  She 's in a residential nursing home . She 's 97 years of age . She 's paying # 3,000 a month in nursing home fees , " he said -- the amount he hopes her canvas bag will sell for . "  As she said , # 3,000 a month is # 36,000 a year , which is a lot of money , " he said . "  When she runs out of money , the state will pay fees for her , but while she can pay her fees , she decides where she gets her care . When the state pays , they decide . " Dean 's previous sale , in October , raised just over # 30,000 , Aldridge said . "  It 's made a lot of people aware of her plight ; a lot of people have sent her funds , " he said . Dean never married and had no children . "  There are cousins , but there is no one directly to support her , " Aldridge said . "  The property she lived in -LSB- before she moved to the nursing home -RSB- was not hers . She 's just an ordinary little old lady . "  If she 's lucky , she 'll get another four or five years ; she 's quite a fit lady , " he said . Dean was not available to speak to CNN herself because of a throat infection , Aldridge said . The auction will include 17 items from her collection , most of them memorabilia related to the Titanic and signed by her but not from the ship itself . The auction , in Devizes , southwest England , will also include a collection of letters from the estate of Titanic survivor Barbara Dainton-West , estimated to fetch # 40,000 to # 60,000  $ 60,000 to $ 90,000  . The letters include descriptions of her family 's trip to board the Titanic and the immediate aftermath of the sinking . Dainton-West , who was 10 months old when the ship went down , died in October 2007 , the auctioneer said .	97-year-old was 9 weeks old when Titanic sank in 1912 Saturday 's auction is expected to raise up to $ 50,000 for her Letters from estate of another survivor will also be on the block
CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius was the target of relentless and combative questioning Wednesday as the prosecutor in his murder trial tried to rattle the runner about the night he shot dead his model girlfriend . Vowing to "  get to the truth " of the events that took place on Valentine 's Day last year , prosecutor Gerrie Nel began a blistering cross-examination of the Olympic sprinter in the case that has gripped South Africa . "  You shot and killed her . Say it -- ' I shot and killed Reeva Steenkamp , ' " Nel told Pistorius . The prosecutor immediately boxed the double-amputee athlete into a corner in what his defense team described as an "  ambush , " by asking him about a video showing Pistorius shooting a watermelon at a gun range . No one disputes that Pistorius killed Steenkamp . But the prosecution is trying to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that he did so knowingly and intentionally . The 27-year old has admitted to the killing but said he had mistaken Steenkamp for an intruder in the bathroom when he fired through the door and killed her . Before Nel went after Pistorius , Barry Roux -- the runner 's defense lawyer -- had tossed his client a question to drive that argument home . He asked Pistorius if he had intentionally killed Steenkamp . "  I did not intend to kill Reeva or anybody else for that matter , " Pistorius replied . Later in the proceedings , as Nel probed him further , Pistorius insisted he thought he would be attacked when he heard noise coming from his bathroom that night . "  I had a fear , I did n't have time to think , I discharged my firearm ... I did n't intend to shoot at anyone , I shot out of fear . " Court was adjourned for the day following that testimony . ` Zombie stopper ' Minutes after starting his cross-examination , Nel took the defense team by surprise when he asked the athlete about a shooting range video in which Pistorius is seen firing at a watermelon , and then calling the impact "  a zombie-stopper . " This prompted the defense to complain that the prosecution was staging an "  ambush " by introducing evidence . The court was briefly adjourned as Judge Thokozile Masipa considered both positions . The defense later said it would not object to the video being shown in court . "  It makes me very upset to hear myself saying something like that , " Pistorius said as he admitted to making the comment . But he insisted he was referring "  to a zombie , not a human being . " Nel showed the court a graphic photo of Steenkamp 's wounded head . Speaking of the watermelon in the video , the prosecutor said : "  It exploded . You know the same happened to Reeva ? " "  I was there , I do n't have to look at a picture , " Pistorius snapped , sobbing . Roux objected to Nel 's comparison , and the judge agreed , adjourning proceedings to give Pistorius time to recover . His sister , Aimee , stood next to him to console him while he held his head in his hands and continued crying . ` My life is on the line ' Upon Pistorius ' return , Nel pressed the runner on whether his recollection of that night was a reconstruction of what he heard and read rather than what he remembered . Pistorius said it is what he remembers . "  My version has never changed , " he said . Nel went over with a fine-tooth comb the version of events that Pistorius provided in an earlier bail application affidavit , and the version he has given on the witness stand over the past three days . He repeatedly asked the athlete about the location of two ventilation fans in his bedroom on the night of the killing , seeking to undermine the defense 's contention that the crime scene was contaminated by clumsy police work and other factors . The detail was important , Nel told Pistorius , because "  it will show that you are lying . " Pistorius said his memory was not good but that he was not trying to lie . "  I ca n't change the truth , " he said . The athlete conceded there is a discrepancy between his bail application and his court testimony , saying that a claim on the bail application that he went onto a balcony to retrieve a fan before the shooting was wrong . He added that he was not present when the bail application affidavit was written . Nel , who accused the runner of not answering questions directly at times , also asked Pistorius whether he was thinking of the implications of his answers . Pistorius said it would be reckless not to think of what he said , adding : "  My life is on the line . " "  Reeva does n't have a life anymore , " the prosecutor said . The night of the killing At the beginning of the day , Pistorius finished telling the court what he remembered from the night Steenkamp died , starting with the moment he opened his bathroom door after shooting through it and saw her bloodied body . His voice quivering , the track star picked up where he left off the previous day , when he became so upset by his own testimony about that night that he broke down into uncontrollable sobs on the stand . Steenkamp was sitting slumped over the toilet bowl , Pistorius said while being questioned by his defense lawyer . He said he pulled her weight onto him and cried . That 's when her blood streamed down on him , he said . Pistorius had grabbed Steenkamp 's cell phone , but did n't know the pass code , so he went to get his own to call for help , he said . He called a neighbor , Johan Stander , who arrived soon after . The athlete said he shouted and screamed at Stander to help him get Reeva to the hospital . Then another neighbor , Dr. Johann Stipp , a physician , arrived at the house . The doctor seemed overwhelmed by the situation , Pistorius said . The athlete also described the moments after paramedics had arrived at the scene . "  Reeva had already died while I was holding her , before the ambulance arrived , " he said . "  I knew there was nothing more they could do for her . " He also spoke of when police officers arrived at his door -- one of them a key witness in his trial , former Col. G.S. van Rensburg , Pistorius said . "  Every time I looked up there were more people in the house . There were more policemen . There were people going up and down the stairs . I was standing in the kitchen . I asked a policeman if I may wash my hands because the smell of blood was making me throw up . " After pictures were taken , police told him he was under arrest and would face charges . Apology On his first day on the stand , Monday , Pistorius made a tearful apology to Steenkamp 's family . The prosecution alleges Pistorius killed his girlfriend after they argued . Roux had also delved deeper into his connection with Steenkamp , trying to show they had a loving relationship . The couple met a little more than three months before Steenkamp died at the age of 29 . In affectionate messages read out in court , the pair used pet names like "  baba " and "  angel , " said they missed each other and exchanged many "  x "  s , or kisses . Only those in the courtroom can see Pistorius because he has chosen not to testify on camera . His testimony can be heard on an audio feed . Steenkamp 's mother , June , has sat in court throughout Pistorius ' three days on the stand . The defense team will call 14 to 17 witnesses , Roux said as he opened his case . The trial is scheduled to continue until the middle of May . Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Brent Swails , Emily Smith and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report	Prosecution shows video of Pistorius at shooting range Prosecution seeking to highlight discrepancies in Pistorius affidavit , testimony Steenkamp struggled to breathe , Pistorius says Trial was adjourned Tuesday after the athlete broke down crying
CNN  -- Nearly 800 people have died in a recent malaria outbreak in northern Cameroon , one described by public health officials as "  a severe and sudden epidemic . " Doctors treating more than 12,000 victims of the disease say those who died in the past three weeks were mostly young children and pregnant women . Heavy rains have flooded the region around Maroua , giving mosquitoes ideal breeding conditions . "  This is a severe and sudden epidemic . I see no end in sight , " Dr. Amos Ekane , a malaria specialist treating more than 2,000 victims in Maroua , told CNN . Wednesday , a panel of Cameroonian journalists on state radio criticized the government for not spreading the news about the outbreak and not requesting international aid . According to the Public Health Ministry , more than 12,000 people are seriously ill and have been admitted to hospitals . But there are fewer than 10 treatment centers are available to help those who 've contracted the mosquito-borne illness , and thousands of children and women are forced to sleep in the open or in overcrowded rooms without mosquito nets . "  Three of my children have died here . Here is my wife lying helplessly with drips tied to this tree , " Abubakar Ardo Miro told CNN , pointing out the conditions at the overcrowded Maroua regional hospital . "  Only a few qualified physicians are available in the regional government hospital to handle malaria cases . This can not yield a favorable result , " Ekane warned . The Cameroon Medical Council -- a body governing the medical core in the West African nation -- estimates a ratio of one doctor to every 40,000 patients . Less than 1,000 physicians currently work in the country , the council says , and toil under poor conditions and low wages . "  This is really a mess to the Cameroon government , " Tataw Eric Tano , a newspaper publisher in Cameroo , told CNN by phone . The government footed the bill to transport thousands of voters to parliamentary and municipal elections earlier this month , he said , but is not transporting dying patients to other areas with less-crowded hospitals . Observers have criticized President Paul Biya of ignoring the mounting malaria death toll as he focuses on lavish preparations to celebrate his 31 years in the presidency November 6 . "  Even the propaganda state radio CRTV is talking against this , " said political analyst Prince Tanda . Health experts blame the upsurge of malaria cases on the poor use of malaria nets that were distributed free of charge among nearly 9 million Cameroonians in 2010 . But a dwindling economy and the scarcity of food has forced some families to use the nets for other purposes . "  There is no reason for me to sleep under this net while my children need food to eat , " Elias Mbengono , a local fisherman , told CNN as he demonstrated how he could use the nets to catch fish for his family . Climate change researcher Kevin Enongene said recent heavy rains and flooding in Northern Cameroon have transformed villages into mosquito breeding grounds . Lake Chad continues to spill water over its banks and no levee has been created to stop the flood , Enongene said . "  This should be taken seriously , " he added . Public health experts are now targeting the heads of families in a daily campaign to stave off the malaria epidemic in Maroua . "  Sleep under the mosquito bed net . Do not use them as fishing nets , " one campaign banner read . But state public health officials are raising fears that the death toll could reach the thousands in the next few weeks if international support is not received soon . More than 660,000 people around the world died from malaria in 2010 , according to the World Health Organization .	Hundreds of thousands of people die every year from malaria , WHO says Recent rains and floods in northern Cameroon created ideal conditions Mosquitoes spread the disease Critics say Cameroon 's president is n't doing enough to stop the outbreak
CNN  -- For women who have already seen combat , it is a decision that is well overdue . But for the skeptics , it is a setback that will damage the military . The Pentagon 's reported decision to lift the ban on women in combat units will take time to put into effect , but many former service members are lauding reports that the Defense Department will make the change soon . "  We have an all-volunteer force , and I think that this opens up a pool of folks who could serve in these positions , " said Rep. Tammy Duckworth , an Iraq War veteran who lost both legs and the use of one arm when her helicopter crew was shot down in 2004 . "  Any time that we 've opened up our military to performance-based service ... we 've benefited as a military . This is good for the nation . " The new policy will be implemented over the next three years , and some units may apply for exemptions , a senior defense official told CNN . Many readers doubt wisdom of decision Duckworth , an Illinois Democrat , said the military should open up every unit to women and see if they can complete the required training . "  If the women ca n't meet the standards , they do n't get to graduate from the program . " U.S. Rep. Tulsi Gabbard , a Hawaii Democrat who served with her state 's National Guard in Iraq , said the move is a "  major step that is long overdue . " Interviewed by CNN 's Soledad O'Brien , Gabbard said it 's a "  great recognition ... of all the women who are currently serving overseas , many of them in these combat type situations already . " Gabbard was asked whether the move is merely semantics because front lines are constantly shifting and disappearing in today 's world , and women already have been in combat situations . "  I think so , " Gabbard said . "  When we look at , for example , two women , the first two women who earned Silver Stars since World War II , one was a military police sergeant , another was a medic . And they both were operating on the front lines per se , under fire , under extreme duress , shoulder to shoulder with their male and female counterparts , and exhibiting great courage and heroism and saving the lives of their brothers and sisters . " Julie Weckerlein , who has served more than 13 years in the Air Force and did tours in Iraq and Afghanistan , thinks the change reflects the military catching up with the times . Some women have already gone on patrols with ground troops , helping to talk with female civilians in Afghanistan . Some submarine crews have added female officers . Women also serve as military police officers . Join the discussion on Twitter Women supporting supply missions have been drawn into battle in Iraq and Afghanistan , where there are no physical front lines . Now , Weckerlein said , "  people will be able to serve in the career fields they are qualified for , and they wo n't be turned away because of their gender . " Weckerlein went to Iraq in May 2007 as part of then-President George W. Bush 's "  surge policy " to put more troops on the ground . "  The first death I experienced was a woman , within the first few weeks I was in Iraq , " she said . It was June 25 , 2007 , and her outpost in Nasir Lafitah came under mortar fire . In the attack , Army Staff Sgt. Trista Moretti of South Plainfield , New Jersey , was killed . Moretti , 27 , was assigned to a support battalion . Days later , Weckerlein came under mortar fire again . This time , her comrade -- a cameraman -- was injured . Even though her deployment orders said Qatar , she spent weeks in the summer of 2007 shuttling between bases in Iraq and Afghanistan . Like many women in the military , Weckerlein did n't get the additional combat training because she was in what was considered a support role . "  I really want to stress there was no bitterness . It was a reflection of the times , and I feel like we are now getting with the times , " she said . "  I see this as a positive thing . " Join the discussion on Facebook Not everyone agrees . Rep. Tom Cotton , an Arkansas Republican , has said he does n't think women are physically capable of combat duty . "  To have women serving in infantry ... could impair the mission essential task of those units , and that 's been proven in study after study , " he told radio host Laura Ingraham this month . "  It 's nature -- upper body strength and physical movements and speed and endurance and so forth . " Jonn Lilyea , one of the founders of the military blog "  This Ai n't Hell , " wrote that he thinks it was an "  ill-considered decision . " Lilyea , a former sergeant who fought in Desert Storm , wrote that he is opposed to women in combat units , not because women are a distraction but because he thinks the Army and other services will be required to accept more women than are qualified or can be trained . "  If we 're doing this to make the military better , fine , but if we 're doing it just to beat our collective chest and show how just we are , then that 's how a lot of body bags are going to get filled , " he wrote . Twitter thread : Military to open combat jobs to women Kayla Williams , author of the memoir "  Love My Rifle More Than You : Young and Female in the U.S. Army , " said she thought most of the enlisted men would accept women into combat units . "  They will do their jobs , they will be professional , perhaps a few will be disgruntled , " she said . "  Troops grumble , that 's what we do , but many of them have already served along with women . " Williams , who saw combat while with the 101st Airborne , said she thought some branches of the military would ask for exceptions to the policy , and that was hard to argue with . "  Let 's take this step and let women keep proving what they have already proved before , " she said . Sgt. 1st Class Stephanie Cazares with the 4th Brigade Combat Team , 1st Armored Division , at Fort Bliss , Texas , said it was impossible to know what , if any , changes it would mean for women in the military . "  It 's not just put females in combat  specialties  and let 's call it a day , " she said . A number of issues , including safety regulations and cohabitation , will need to be addressed , she said . Army Staff Sgt. Stacey Zinda said that , like Cazares , she was n't surprised by the news . Troops have speculated about the issue for a while , but Zinda , who is a career counselor , said she has yet to have a female soldier approach her about joining a combat unit . By the numbers : Women in the U.S. military Gabbard was asked about a newspaper column that argued there would be times someone would be forced to be naked in front of the opposite sex , and that would be distracting , awkward , uncomfortable and potentially traumatizing . Does the writer have a point ? "  I respectfully disagree . I think that in these situations we 're talking about highly trained professionals , people who build our strong military because they place the mission first and they 're there to fight as a member of a team . All of the other things that differentiate us , make us unique , whether it be gender or race or religion , all of these things fall aside when you 're there putting the mission first and selflessly serving as that member of a team , " Gabbard said . "  I can tell you from my own firsthand experience as well as the many , many people I 've had the honor of serving with , whether in training or in a deployed setting , those things are not what 's crossing your mind when you 're operating . " Chuck Hagel , President Obama 's nominee for defense secretary , did n't comment on the issue . He was asked for his reaction after he left a meeting at the Senate on Wednesday . "  We 've got a hearing I 'm looking forward to next week , " he said , suggesting he may confront the matter then . What do you think about women in combat ? Share your thoughts on iReport . We especially would like to hear from women . CNN 's Chris Lawrence and Ted Barrett in Washington and Joe Sterling in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Hawaii representative who is a combat vet : "  Major step , long overdue " Defense Department is expected to lift a policy against women in combat units A critic says women will be hard-pressed to meet physical requirements One active-duty soldier says none of her troops is interested in a combat job
Venice , Louisiana  CNN  -- On day 46 of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , BP began to siphon oil from the ruptured undersea well to the surface , where it was flowing onto the awaiting drill ship Discover Enterprise . As the recovery process started Friday , BP said it would shut four vents on top of a containment cap from which oil was still escaping into the ocean . The company hoped that closing the vents would greatly reduce the amount of gushing crude , though there was still enormous uncertainty about the ultimate success of BP 's latest effort to contain and recover the oil . U.S. Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , the federal government 's response manager , said estimates of how much oil is being captured or whether any leaks develop will be determined later Friday . President Obama , who said he was "  furious at this entire situation , " arrived in Louisiana on Friday afternoon to get another firsthand look at the environmental damage and speak with political and business leaders . Obama did not provide details about attempts to seal the well , but said "  it does appear that the cap -- at least for now -- is holding . " He quickly added , however , that it is "  way too early to be optimistic . " Officials should know more about the success or failure of the effort in next 24 to 48 hours , he said . Researchers at the University of South Florida have completed laboratory tests confirming that the oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico has collected into more than one oil plume beneath the surface . The plumes are as wide as 6 miles , though their lengths are unclear , researchers said . In the past , BP has denied that such large amounts of oil , which can choke fish and harm their eggs , have formed into underwater plumes . However , on Tuesday , BP Managing Director Bob Dudley said , "  The science of the plumes hanging in the water does n't feel right . What happens is dispersant breaks the drops down into small drops and they move around and break down . " Last month , Dudley told NPR that the plumes likely would not remain . "  Oil by nature , in its own specific gravity , is n't going to stay in a plume like that , " he said . "  It should rise to the surface , and then we 'll be able to attack the spill in that way . " The university , which recently discovered a second oil plume in the Gulf , concluded that microscopic oil droplets are forming deepwater oil plumes . "  These hydrocarbons are from depth and not associated with sinking , degraded oil , but associated with the source of the Deep Horizon well head , " said David Hollander , a professor of chemical oceanography at USF . On Thursday , Allen acknowledged "  some anecdotal reports from research vessels from universities that have found dense plumes or what they believe to be plumes under the water . " "  We 're in the process of taking samples and trying to figure out what they are , " he said . "  They 're denser than the water , but we 're not sure whether it 's oil or not . " The cost of the federal response effort to the spill totaled $ 93 million as of June 1 , according to a Friday letter from Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano and Allen to congressional leadership . They are requesting Congress approve a proposed provision that would make available up to an additional $ 100 million to the Coast Guard . The Obama administration has also sent a $ 69 million bill to BP for the government 's efforts to help deal with the spill . The bill accounts for 75 percent of what BP owes to date , and the company has until July 1 to pay the full amount , an administration official said . Oil that has already affected Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama is drifting steadily toward Florida . A new trajectory from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration issued Friday forecast oil onshore as far east as Destin , Florida , by Saturday afternoon . Tar balls , tar patties and sheen were confirmed 10 miles from the Escambia County shoreline , and the primary oil plume , according to NOAA , was 30 miles from Pensacola , Florida . Escambia County Commission Chairman Grover Robinson , whose district covers Pensacola , said he found tar balls the size of silver dollars and smaller while walking on the beach Friday morning . He added that BP did n't send cleanup crews until hours later in the afternoon . However , he said there was nothing unusual about the water , and that the beach remained open to tourists . "  You ca n't help but be passionate about Florida , " Gov. Charlie Crist said Friday about the state 's natural beauty and the importance of tourism . What was needed now , he said , was strong leadership to get through the crisis . "  You 've got to keep a cool head in order to win a hot game , " he said . BP remained optimistic but again warned that the containment cap had been positioned on a ruptured well head a mile below the ocean 's surface . In a statement , the British oil giant said that the system 's ability to contain oil or its continued operation "  can not be assured . " On Thursday night , BP completed a complex underwater maneuver . After mixed success with cutting off a damaged pipe , BP positioned a cap over the ruptured well head , though the company was uncertain whether the cap 's seal would be snug enough to prevent oil from leaking out . Even so , Doug Suttles , BP 's chief operating officer , was hopeful . "  I think it should work , " he said . Undersea images Friday showed a great deal of oil still spewing from the well . Allen said the vents in the cap were designed to let oil escape to prevent cold water from entering and forming icy hydrates that could block the flow to the surface . Only when the vents are closed will BP be able to determine whether the seal on the cap is snug enough to keep massive amounts of oil from gushing into the ocean . BP 's progress was received with tempered applause . "  The placement of the containment cap is another positive development in BP 's most recent attempt to contain the leak . However , it will be some time before we can confirm that this method will work , " said Coast Guard Lt. Cmdr. Tony Russell . "  Even if successful , this is only a temporary and partial fix , and we must continue our aggressive response . " The well may not be completely sealed off until at least until August , when BP hopes to finish drilling two relief wells . "  Our task is to contain the oil , ultimately to eliminate the leaking well and , most importantly , to clean up the oil , defend the shoreline and restore the shoreline where the oil comes ashore , so we return it to the original state , " said Tony Hayward , BP 's chief executive officer . Hayward appears this week in television ads launched as part of a national campaign to restore the British oil company 's tarnished reputation . In them , Hayward apologizes and promises to "  make this right . " However , state and local leaders said they are fed up with the way BP has approached the response . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said he told Obama Friday that "  BP still has n't given the state a dime " to pay for its efforts in cleanup . "  We are moving forward with or without BP . " He also blasted the company for not quickly compensating those who are out of work because of the spill . "  Our people deserve to be fully compensated for their losses , " Jindal said . "  Instead of BP shelling out $ 50 million on an ad campaign that promises to do good work in responding to this spill , BP should just focus on actually doing a good job and spend the $ 50 million on assistance to our people , our industries and our communities that are suffering as a result of this ongoing spill . " A BP spokesman would n't put a price on the ad campaign , but said "  not a cent is being diverted from the oil spill response . " Protests against the oil company that sprouted this week are set to continue in several cities through the weekend . And anger continued to fester in coastal communities . Hayward said Friday that the company will establish a separate division to manage its response to the crisis . BP has said that it has spent $ 1 billion so far but that it was too early to predict the ultimate financial blow . "  We 've got considerable firepower to deal with the costs , " said Chief Financial Officer Byron Grote , referring to $ 5 billion in available cash , $ 5 billion in bank credit lines and an additional $ 5 billion in standby credit facilities . The BP well erupted after an explosion and fire on the leased Deepwater Horizon drilling rig on April 20 that killed 11 people . The rig sank two days later , leaving up to 19,000 barrels  798,000 gallons  of oil pouring into the Gulf daily , according to federal estimates . BP , rig owner Transocean and oilfield services contractor Halliburton have all pointed fingers at one another for the disaster . A crew of scientists who just returned from an eight-day mission researching the underwater oil impact of the spill has found life forms near the breached well head , officials with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said Friday . The researchers aboard the 224-foot Gordon Gunter found "  ample evidence of a lot of zooplankton , " said NOAA Administrator Jane Lubchenco . "  It 's not a dead zone . There 's still a lot of life there . " Zooplankton are organisms that drift through bodies of water , and many of them are not visible to the naked eye . The question , she said , is how much of an impact the oil from the Deepwater Horizon disaster will ultimately have . The researchers took underwater samples from within 3 nautical miles  3.45 miles  of the well head . The scientist are trying to determine how much oil is out there , in what concentrations and where it came from , Lubchenco said , adding that they "  ca n't assume all the oil that is out there is from the Deepwater Horizon -- some of it may be from other sources . "	Researchers confirm existence of oil plumes beneath the surface Cost of federal response effort to the spill totals $ 93 million as of June 1 President arrives in Louisiana on Friday to see spreading oil slick firsthand Estimates of how much oil is being captured expected to be determined later Friday
CNN  -- If there 's a top reason pubs are popular in Ireland , it 's got to be the weather . Gray skies and chilly Atlantic mists have a way of driving you indoors to drink . But those who prize challenge over comfort will find outdoor adventures year-round in every corner of the country . Some , like surfing , are well-established activities in Ireland ; others , like skiing , are not . All of them , though , promise the satisfaction of knowing that you did n't let wind or rain stop you from having fun . And after you 've donned that wetsuit or climbing harness , you know a pint of the black stuff is going to taste oh , so much better . Here are six activities to help you work up a thirst : Riding the waves Among surfers , Ireland has developed a reputation for thrilling waves . Taste the fun at the West Cork Surf School  soon to be called Inchydoney Surf School  . The beach 's gradual gradient makes it good for beginners , said school owner Colum McAuley . "  When the waves break , they roll in for a long distance so you have a lot of time to get to your feet . " Still , rip currents are a danger at any beach , and the school emphasizes safety . Lessons run on weekends from October to May and daily from June to September . One two-hour lesson is about $ 45 and students can arrange additional lessons on consecutive days for a lower rate  a five-day course is about $ 180  . Wetsuits and all equipment are provided . Call to book lessons . Westcorksurfing.com 353-86/869 -5396 An Irish chef 's picks for St. Paddy 's fun Peaceful paddling Kayaks let you appreciate Irish waterways without  necessarily  getting soaked . The Outdoor Discovery Adventure Co. specializes in kayaking and is based in the midlands , a region laden with rivers , lakes and canals but one that attracts relatively few tourists . Courses cater to a range of skill levels from From Learn to Kayak to Advanced Whitewater . There 's also body boating , in which riders lie head first on a "  bellyak " and paddle with their arms . Guided half-day activities cost about $ 58 for adults and $ 45 for kids with equipment , helmet and lifejacket included . The company operates year-round , at various locations in Ireland for groups of four or more people . Call or book online . Outdoordiscovery.ie 353-87/272 -1245 10 tours for every kind of drinker Hurtling downhill The sight of large , transparent spheres tumbling down hillsides makes zorbing strangely beautiful to watch from afar . Yet anyone inside the plastic zorb ball , hurtling head over feet at high speed , is more occupied with adrenaline than aesthetics . Adventure West , on the west coast in County Mayo , has worked with the sport 's New Zealand-based inventors to design a course and offers two versions of zorbing , harnessed and hydro . Harnessed is described as "  more extreme " and faster ; it 's also more likely to be canceled if winds pick up . For hydro , warm water is pumped into the ball to create a kind of rolling water slide . With two people in a ball , both versions cost about $ 17 per person for the first roll and $ 13 for the second . Open weekends and holidays in the spring , daily July-August , and for groups only September-October . Adventurewest.ie 353-87/362 -7828 Easy drinking green for St. Paddy 's Day Hit the slopes ? The prospect of skiing in Ireland , where the mean winter temperature is roughly 42 degrees , may be hard for Coloradans and Vermonters to take seriously . But if you 're in the market for a beginner 's lesson on the slopes , the Ski Club of Ireland is a unique low-key place to try one . Located in south Dublin and accessible by city bus , the Ski Club is a not-for-profit organization dedicated to promoting skiing and snowboarding . Its outdoor slopes are made of Dendix and Snowflex , synthetic bristled materials that are misted to create a slick surface substituting for real snow . The facility is open all day on weekends and on evenings during the week from September through March . Inexperienced skiers and snowboarders must take classes ; one 90-minute class is about $ 59 or $ 37 for teens including equipment rental  there are special classes for younger children  . Skiclub.ie 353-1/295 -5658 . Catching air Combining surfing with airborne interludes , kitesurfing can accurately be called an extreme sport . Start off slow at Sky High Kitesurfing in Tramore , County Waterford . Lessons begin with a bit of theoretical background and then proceed to the water , where you 'll be strapped to small  2-4 meter  kites that owner Barry Drea describes as "  very controlled , " even when used by a lightweight adult or a child . A one-day , three-hour course is about $ 130 , including equipment and wetsuits ; for about $ 470 you can take a three-day , 12-hour course designed to teach proficiency . Drea allows no more than three students per instructor but can also arrange private lessons tailored to individual needs . Lessons run year-round , but must occasionally be rescheduled if winds are either too strong or nonexistent . Call or complete an online inquiry form for more information . Skyhigh.ie 353-87/790 -7480 Climb up Ireland 's mountains have long beckoned to wanderers -- Croagh Patrick in County Mayo is named for the saint , who supposedly fasted on its summit . That scaling tradition has translated into an embrace of rock climbing as a sport , and shouts of "  On Belay ! " now echo through the country . Vertigo Outdoor , based in scenic County Wicklow , will help you get to grips with a rock face . The company offers courses for beginners , as well as those who are learning to lead . Most sites are in the Dublin and Wicklow area , but clients can arrange to go farther afield -- to western sea cliffs , for example , or up Ireland 's highest mountain , Carrantuohill , "  the hard way , " says operator Rob Davies . Half - and full-day courses are about $ 52 / $ 98 per person when at least two people sign up . Family Rock Fun , a two-day course , holds the promise of quality bonding time and costs about $ 520 for a family of four . For more information , call or fill out a booking form online . vertigo-outdoor . com 353-87/997 -1242	Ireland 's gray skies make going to the pub practically irresistible But why not stave off that Guinness belly with some pulse-pounding activities ? Try kitesurfing , zorbing or rock climbing before you duck in for a pint or two
CNN  -- A Florida police officer who was shot at by three fugitive siblings said Thursday he was glad the trio was apprehended without any civilian or police casualties . Ryan Edward Dougherty , 21 ; his sister Lee Grace Dougherty , 29 ; and half-brother Dylan Dougherty Stanley , 26 , were arrested Wednesday on a rural stretch of Colorado highway . On August 2 , Zephyrhills , Florida , Police Officer Kevin Widner was shot at from a car occupied by the siblings . Widner was n't injured , though numerous rounds were fired during a chase that reached up to 100 mph , according to the Pasco County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office . "  I look forward to seeing these criminals receive the punishment they are due for putting my life in danger as well as many citizens they showed total disregard for , " Widner said . Last week , Ryan Dougherty texted , "  There 's a time for all of us to die " after he was sentenced in Florida on a criminal charge , according to a Florida sheriff 's office . With that , authorities said the three siblings began a crime spree that included a bank robbery in Georgia and the attempted murder of Widner . "  At first I was like , wow , they 're shooting at me , " Widner said . "  Then I just wanted to catch them before they could hurt anybody . " One bullet struck his car 's tire , disabling his vehicle . As a police officer , he had played out scenarios in his head where he was shot at , and his police training helped him through the incident , he said . The Dougherty siblings led Colorado authorities on another chase Wednesday before crashing into a highway guardrail . One brother stayed in the car . Another brother stumbled off through the brush to a couple of nearby businesses , only to be picked up by law enforcement officials after a citizen spotted him , authorities told CNN . The sister , who wrote on her Flickr profile that she liked "  causing mayhem with my siblings , " tried to reload her automatic pistol , officials said . A police officer shot her in the leg . The three were all taken to a hospital with minor injuries , none of which are believed to be life-threatening , the Pueblo County Sheriff 's Office said . Colorado authorities said the trio spent Tuesday night in the San Isabel National Forest about 10 to 12 miles west of Colorado City . The Colorado Springs Gazette quoted a store employee as saying the three apparently purchased a tent at a recreation supply retailer in the city on Tuesday . Their run ended Wednesday morning on Interstate 25 between Colorado City and the town of Walsenburg , authorities said .	Officer Kevin Widner was shot at by the three siblings He was not hurt The fugitives were captured Wednesday in Colorado
CNN  Hillary Clinton finally answered the question we 've all been asking for years : Will she run for president in 2016 ? With official news of her candidacy just hours old , one thing is already crystal clear : For the next year and a half , Clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the United States . Win or lose , this creates a burden for her that no male candidate will ever have to shoulder . Just consider the two potential outcomes . A win would mean a woman in the White House , which is a vital step in the march toward women 's full political inclusion . But it 's possible that the march will end right there . We 'll break our arms patting ourselves on the back for how far we 've come . We 'll raise the "  Mission Accomplished " banner over the women 's movement . And we 'll call it a day . Granted , 80 % of elected officials throughout the country will still be men . Women will continue to be less likely than men even to consider running for office . And pay inequities , sexual assault and human trafficking will persist as challenges that no one person can solve , no matter how hard Clinton might try . "  But we 've elected a woman as president , " we 'll say . Let her take care of it . A loss would be even more difficult . Clinton will be blamed for running a subpar campaign regardless of how brilliant her strategy is . More generally , her loss would perpetuate the myth that women can not win big elections , that the electoral environment is rife with bias and discrimination , and that women must be twice as good to get half as far . "  If Hillary Clinton ca n't win an election , " potential female candidates will ask , "  How can I ? " Extrapolating from one female candidate 's experiences to women in politics more broadly is always suspect . But in the case of Clinton , it is particularly flawed for at least two fundamental reasons . First , Clinton is no ordinary female presidential candidate , if there is such a thing . She began the 2008 race with levels of name recognition that many candidates never achieve , and she is even more well-known today . But that means that she also enters the electoral arena with 23 years of public accomplishments and 23 years of well-publicized baggage . Voters , donors , journalists and pundits all hold clear impressions of Clinton before she ever eats a corn dog in Iowa , steps onto a debate stage in New Hampshire or takes a shot of bourbon in Kentucky . Too often , we treat Clinton 's loss to Barack Obama in the 2008 Democratic primary as a referendum on how citizens feel about electing women to positions of political power . In reality , what people knew about Hillary Clinton likely shaped their views of Hillary Clinton . Widespread sexism and misogyny likely did not . After all , for decades , women who have run for office have performed just as well as men . They win elections at equal rates and routinely raise comparable amounts of money . Do some voters still question women 's suitability as leaders ? Of course they do . But these attitudes , which have become increasingly rare , do not translate into systematic biases against female candidates . Second , presidential politics is , first and foremost , a partisan affair . The D or R in front of the candidates ' names -- not the X or Y chromosomes in their DNA -- tells us about how more than 90 % of the population will vote . Party polarization has essentially rendered the importance of sex on the campaign trail far less relevant than might otherwise be the case . Now , I 'll be the first to predict that by the middle of the week , we will be able to assemble a reel of sexist comments uttered by pundits , and we will be one mouse click away from a steady stream of misogynistic memes , photos and captions that have taken hold on social media . The Clinton campaign will once again have to determine which incidents to address , which to ignore and how to preempt future episodes . I do n't want to diminish the problems associated with this type of behavior or the fact that it is inappropriate , disrespectful and appalling . And incorporating these concerns into a broad campaign strategy is likely something that male candidates wo n't need to consider . But men yelling "  Iron my shirt " at a campaign rally , cable news pundits associating Clinton with their ex-wives outside of probate court and manufacturers producing Hillary Clinton nutcrackers do not change the fact that when it comes to presidential elections , partisanship and the state of the economy tell us almost everything we need to know . If Clinton wins the race , it will be because it was a good year for Democrats . And if she loses , it will be because the GOP developed a winning message . But how much does any of this really matter ? Sure , voters are amenable to electing women . Any Democratic nominee would face the same electoral landscape . The problems confronting women in society are just as grave regardless of who occupies the White House . And inferring too much from Hillary Clinton 's experiences is a risky endeavor . Yet the minute Clinton announced her candidacy , she became the official litmus test for true gender equality in the United States . That 's a label that no female candidate should have to wear . Let the burden begin .	Jennifer Lawless : There 's a strong temptation to view Hillary Clinton 's candidacy as all about cracking the glass ceiling for women She says the reality is that most people will vote not on gender but on the economy and partisanship
CNN  -- Politics has returned to the water 's edge . In the past week , we 've seen how international events can suddenly dominate a political campaign , at least for a few days . The uproar in the Middle East over a YouTube video that featured anti-Islamic messages triggered widespread protests . An attack on the U.S. consulate in Libya left four people dead , including U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens . Protests in Egypt were equally intense as some people in a crowd of more than 2,000 scaled the walls of the U.S. Embassy . Protests spread to 20 other countries in the Middle East and beyond . In Tunis , protesters destroyed a school run by Americans while in Afghanistan protesters lit with a torch an effigy of Obama , the U.S. leader once hailed as the president who would repair America 's image in the world , and watched it burn up . Added to this brew was Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's warning that , in his mind , President Obama has refused to be tough enough with Iran on its nuclear program and the prospect that Israel could take military action against Iran on its own . World : Where Obama , Romney stand on foreign policy challenges These issues immediately entered into the campaign . Speaking of the tragedy in Libya , President Obama reiterated that "  We reject all efforts to denigrate the religious beliefs of others . But there is absolutely no justification to this type of senseless violence . None . " Mitt Romney , mistakenly interpreting a statement released earlier by the U.S. Embassy in Egypt , before most of the protests , criticized the administration 's statements as "  akin to apology . " Democrats complained that Romney was politicizing this tragedy . One of Obama 's campaign officials , Ben LaBolt , said "  We are shocked that , at a time when the United States of America is confronting the tragic death of one of our diplomatic officers in Libya , Gov. Romney would choose to launch a political attack . " When foreign policy crises intrude into presidential elections , they have the ability to shake up campaigns and force candidates to adjust their plans . Sometimes foreign policy can benefit an incumbent . Republican Dwight Eisenhower , who was a military hero before becoming president , survived crises overseas in October 1956 and emerged on Election Day with a decisive victory . Eisenhower had come under criticism from congressional Democrats for being so consumed by balancing the budget that he had supported military cuts that they argued would endanger the nation . In late October , Israeli and British forces attacked Egypt , which under President Gamal Abdel Nasser had taken over the Suez Canal and nationalized the British-owned corporation that managed the area . After the attacks on Egypt , and Soviet warnings that they would intervene , Eisenhower worked hard in public and behind-the-scenes to defuse the situation and force Britain , France and Israel to back down . The other crisis , which also took place in late October and early November , was when the Soviets proceeded to crush a rebellion in Hungary against the communist regime . Eisenhower decided not to respond , fearing that U.S. interference could trigger a nuclear war . Democrats argued that the refusal to respond revealed that all the talk by conservatives about liberating Eastern European people was false . In Detroit , Eisenhower 's opponent , Adlai Stevenson , warned that "  whatever the provocation , aggression can no longer be tolerated in the atomic age . " But these crises only ended up bolstering the image of Eisenhower as a strong commander in chief who could coolly guide the nation through crisis . The president coasted to re-election with 457 electoral votes and 57.4 percent of the popular vote . But on other occasions , a foreign policy crisis greatly damaged the incumbent . In December 1979 , the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan . The invasion , which took President Carter by surprise , played into the hands of Republicans , who were arguing that the White House did n't know how to handle these kinds of situations . Even though Carter responded to the Soviets by calling for higher levels of defense spending and announcing a buildup of forces in the Persian Gulf , Republicans accused him of doing too little too late . With U.S. hostages already being held in Iran , Ronald Reagan and other conservatives pointed to this as more evidence that Carter could not be trusted as leader . The Republican National Committee said that the "  policy of patience " from Carter was the "  policy of weakness . " While this was certainly not the sole issue that handed Reagan his victory , it played an important role in pushing the electoral map in favor of the Republicans . What will happen if the current crises continue or get even worse ? For President Obama the risks are very clear . If the situation deteriorates , these hot spots will offer the GOP evidence that the president is not an effective leader . Republicans will argue that this proves all the talk about the successes of his foreign policy record is overblown . The danger is particularly acute with Libya and Egypt , two countries that have been described as relative success stories in the Obama era of foreign policy since autocratic leaders were overthrown . These crises will also force the president to devote more attention to working in the Oval Office rather than spending time on the campaign trail . The risks are also great for Mitt Romney . The crises could easily benefit Obama just as they did Eisenhower . Anything having to do with overseas issues takes attention away from the economy , the area where Obama is most vulnerable . Opinion : What if U.S. stops policing the world ? As was evident in their convention , Democrats feel they now have the so-called national security advantage . The successful drone strikes against al-Qaeda , as well as the death of Osama bin Laden , have given the White House a foundation from which to say the president is better prepared to handle these challenges . Mitt Romney has not helped his cause , since he made widely publicized mistakes during his trip abroad , such as insulting the British about how they were handling the Olympics and making controversial remarks asserting the cultural superiority of the Israelis over Palestinians . Then during his acceptance speech in Tampa , Romney failed to praise the work of U.S. troops in Afghanistan . As was the case with Eisenhower , foreign policy crises , at least in the short term , can create a rally-around-the-leader effect while raising questions about whether Romney is ready for the White House . If the crises subside , the campaign is likely to shift its focus back to what 's going on Main Street . But if not , Obama and Romney will need to calibrate their responses so that foreign policy does not pose a damaging blow to their campaigns . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Events have pushed foreign policy to front of campaign Zelizer : Turmoil in North Africa , Middle East could affect election 's outcome International issues helped Eisenhower in 1956 , Zelizer says Zelizer : Carter lost ground in 1980 after the surprise Soviet invasion of Afghanistan
CNN  -- In their attacks on the food stamp program , some Republican presidential candidates are leaving a deeply misleading impression of the nation 's leading anti-hunger program . No one aspires to enroll , but for those who must , it is an essential lifeline that addresses one of the harshest impacts of poverty and unemployment -- hunger . The food stamp program , now officially known as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program  SNAP  , provides about 46 million Americans in about 22 million low-income households with debit cards to buy food each month . Participants include families with adults who work in low-wage jobs , unemployed workers and people on fixed incomes , such as Social Security . About three-fourths of SNAP recipients live in households with children ; more than one-quarter live in households with seniors or people with disabilities . SNAP reduces poverty while providing people with much-needed help to buy food . The program kept more than 5 million people out of poverty in 2010 and lessened the severity of poverty for millions of others , under a measure of poverty that counts SNAP benefits as income . SNAP is also highly efficient , with one of the most rigorous quality control systems of any public benefit program . In 2010 , only 3 percent of payments went to ineligible households or to eligible households in excessive amounts . Payment accuracy has been improving in the past few years , despite a large increase in SNAP enrollment . While some have attributed that enrollment increase to Obama administration policies -- Newt Gingrich has termed President Barack Obama the "  food stamp president " -- in reality it has two main causes that have little to do with this administration . Millions of people hit by the recession a few years ago became eligible for SNAP . Today 's large SNAP caseloads mostly reflect the extraordinarily deep and prolonged recession and the weak recovery that has followed . Long-term unemployment hit record levels in 2010 and has remained extremely high . Today , 43 % of all unemployed workers have been out of work for more than half a year ; the previous post-World War II high was 26 % in 1983 . Workers who are unemployed for a long time are more likely to deplete their assets , exhaust unemployment insurance and turn to SNAP for help . It is one of the few safety net programs available to them . In most states , other programs -- such as cash assistance under the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families and state General Assistance programs -- have not responded effectively to the rising need brought on by the economy . More than one in five workers who had been unemployed for over six months received SNAP in 2010 , according to Congress 's Joint Economic Committee . The increase in enrollment is also because it 's easier for eligible families to participate . Federal and state officials as well as Congress , with leadership from both parties , have worked throughout the last decade to simplify SNAP procedures so that the program can reach more eligible households , particularly working families and senior citizens . These efforts are paying off : The share of eligible individuals who participated in SNAP rose from 65 % in 2007 to 72 % in 2009 , the most recent year for which we have the data . The recent growth in SNAP enrollment and spending because of the sluggish economy is temporary . One of SNAP 's great strengths is its ability to respond , quickly and automatically , to changes in the economy : Enrollment grows during downturns but contracts during periods of economic growth . The Congressional Budget Office predicts that SNAP spending will fall in the coming years as the economy recovers more robustly and the temporary benefit increases of the 2009 Recovery Act expire . By 2021 , SNAP is expected to return nearly to pre-recession levels as a share of the economy . Over the long term , SNAP is not growing faster than the economy . So it is not contributing to the nation 's long-term fiscal problems . A weak economy has swelled the numbers of unemployed workers and poor families . That 's a serious problem that our policymakers need to address . In the meantime , SNAP helps protect the most vulnerable from very difficult circumstances . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stacy Dean .	Stacy Dean : Criticism aside , food stamp program is a lifeline for 46 million people Dean : Program is highly efficient ; only 3 % of funds went to ineligible people Numbers of recipients growing because of weak recovery and joblessness , she says Number of recipients will go down as jobs increase , she says , but the need is high now
CNN  -- Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard has survived another attempt to oust her from the job after no challengers emerged to vie for the leadership of the governing party and the country . In a short statement after the vote , Gillard said she accepted the support of her colleagues "  with a sense of deep humility and a sense of resolve . " She said that leadership uncertainty that had been blighting the party in recent months was settled "  in the most conclusive fashion possible . " One hundred Labor caucus members had been due to vote , but in the end , no votes were cast because there were no candidates beyond Gillard for prime minister , and Wayne Swan as her deputy . "  There was no vote because there were no opposing candidates , " said ALP returning officer Chris Hayes . "  It puts beyond doubt the question of leadership in the Australian Labor Party , " he added . Minutes before the meeting of Australian Labor Party  ALP  caucus members , former leader Kevin Rudd made it clear that he would not be pitting himself against his former rival . "  I 'm not prepared to dishonor my word , " he told reporters . He was referring to comments he made last February after mounting an unsuccessful bid to depose Gillard . At the time he said he would n't try again . Rudd lost that poll 31 to Gillard 's 71 , but the decisive vote failed to end speculation about a leadership challenge amid a poor performance by the prime minister in public polls . Gillard called the vote for 4:30 p.m. local time  1:30 a.m. ET  after being pushed by long-time Labor minister Simon Crean . Crean called a press conference and dramatically challenged Rudd to stand up and bring an end to bitter infighting . "  I do n't want any more games , I 'm sick to death of it , it 's about time he stood up and instead of having his camp leak things , actually have the courage of his conviction and his beliefs , " Crean said . Before the vote , Crean said he would n't be nominating himself as leader , but would take the job of deputy . Until Thursday , he was Minister for Regional Australia , Regional Development and Local Government , and Minister for the Arts . An uneasy tension has existed between Rudd and Gillard since his former deputy staged a successful bid to replace him in June 2010 . Soon after , she assigned him to the post of foreign minister . Gillard reinforced her claim to power by winning a general election in August 2010 . However the vote produced the first hung parliament in Australia since 1940 . The Welsh-born politician secured enough support from the Australian Greens Party , and independents , to form a minority government . However last month , the Greens pulled their support , with leader Christine Milne accusing the Gillard government of " walking away from its agreement with the Greens and into the arms of the big miners . " The parties clashed over a number of issues , not least a controversial mining tax and a move by the government to reject World Heritage Listing for the Tarkine wilderness in north west Tasmania . In January , Gillard surprised the country by calling an election for September 14 , the longest lead time for an Australian election in history . At the time , experts warned the tactic could backfire .	NEW : Gillard says leadership issue settled conclusively No challenges emerged to contest Australian leadership Kevin Rudd said he would n't stand against Julia Gillard Prime Minister Gillard called leadership vote for Thursday
CNN  -- The New Orleans Saints ' defense had a bounty program that paid players for injuring opponents and for making interceptions and fumble recoveries , the National Football League said Friday . The program involved as many as 27 defensive players , at least one assistant coach , and was active during the 2009 , 2010 and 2011 seasons , said the league . "  The payments here are particularly troubling because they involved not just payments for ` performance , ' but also for injuring opposing players , " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said in a statement . "  It is our responsibility to protect player safety and the integrity of our game , and this type of conduct will not be tolerated . We have made significant progress in changing the culture with respect to player safety and we are not going to relent , " he added . Goodell has received the results of an NFL investigation into the Saints ' program and will decide on discipline , which could include fines , suspensions and forfeiture of draft choices , the NFL said . Saints owner Tom Benson released a statement acknowledging the probe and calling its results "  troubling . " "  I have offered and the NFL has received our full cooperation in their investigation . While the findings may be troubling , we look forward to putting this behind us and winning more championships in the future for our fans , " he said . According to the NFL , Saints players regularly contributed cash to a pool , the total of which may have been as high as $ 50,000 or more at its peak . They were paid $ 1,500 for a "  knockout , " when an opposing player was not able to return to the game , and $ 1,000 for a "  cart-off , " when an opposing player had to be carried off the field . In some cases , particular players on the opposing team were targeted , the NFL said . The program was administered by then-defensive coordinator Gregg Williams , with knowledge of other coaches , said the league . Head coach Sean Payton did not directly participate , nor was he involved in the administration of the program , however , he knew about the allegations and failed to stop it , the NFL said . Williams , who is now defensive coordinator for the St. Louis Rams , released a statement on the allegations , the New Orleans Times-Picayune reported Friday . "  It was a terrible mistake , and we knew it was wrong while we were doing it . Instead of getting caught up in it , I should have stopped it . I take full responsibility for my role . I am truly sorry . I have learned a hard lesson and I guarantee that I will never participate in or allow this kind of activity to happen again , " the newspaper quoted him saying . SI : Saints look at severe penalties for bounty system Saints players were also allegedly paid for interceptions and fumble recoveries . Payouts doubled and tripled during the playoffs , the NFL said . The New Orleans Saints won the Super Bowl after the 2009 season . "  There is no question that a bounty program violates long-standing league rules . Payments of this type -- even for legitimate plays such as interceptions or fumble recoveries -- are forbidden because they are inconsistent with the Collective Bargaining Agreement and well-accepted rules relating to NFL player contracts , " said the league . It informed the NFL Players Association about the Saints ' investigation earlier Friday . The NFLPA said it would review the information and stressed that health and safety issues are "  paramount . " The NFL has been under fire of late as hundreds of former players and their families are currently suing the league for alleged negligence , claiming that it did n't do enough to mitigate the risks despite what many say is an inherently dangerous sport . An attorney for former Philadelphia Eagles fullback Kevin Turner , Stephen F. Rosenthal -- whose Miami-based firm represents 137 other players and their families who 've filed a class-action suit against the league -- said Turner has likely suffered from undiagnosed concussions . He accused the league of deliberately withholding information deemed critical to player safety . Stars such as former quarterback Jim McMahon , as well as running backs Jamal Lewis and Dorsey Levens , have filed similar lawsuits in states across the country . Attorneys representing Lewis and Levens accuse the league of having used a "  hand-picked committee of physicians " to misrepresent evidence of the effects of head trauma , particularly concussions . The league denies the claims and released a statement saying it "  has long made player safety a priority and continues to take steps to protect players and to advance the science and medical understanding of the management and treatment of concussions . " "  The NFL has never misled players with respect to the risks associated with playing football , " the statement added . "  Any suggestion to the contrary has no merit . " The league has in recent years also made strides to strengthen rules that govern on-the-field conduct , while adding sideline medical staff -- unaffiliated with the teams -- to more independently evaluate injured players . In 2005 , the league banned the practice of tackling a player by using his shoulder pads , a move commonly referred to as a "  horse-collar " tackle , after concluding it commonly resulted in injury . It also strengthened a 1979 rule prohibiting players from using their helmets to butt , or "  spear " players during a tackle -- a rule that critics often complained had lacked enforcement .	NEW : NFL : The program was administered by then-defensive coordinator Gregg Williams NEW : He reportedly apologizes and says he 'll never be involved with such activity again NEW : NFL : Head coach Sean Payton was aware of the allegations and failed to stop the program Both the individuals involved and the club could be punished
Hong Kong , with its glittering skyscrapers and luxury malls , is home to some of the world 's richest people but new government figures show that a fifth of its population lives in poverty . About 1.3 million people , or 19.6 % , of the population were deemed to be living below the poverty line in 2012 , according to the Hong Kong Povery Situation Report 2012 released on the weekend . It is the first time the city 's government has set a poverty threshold , which stands at 50 % of median household income before tax or welfare benefits . "  That poverty line marks an important milestone in our effort to alleviate poverty in Hong Kong , " Matthew Cheung , Hong Kong 's secretary for Labour and Welfare told CNN on Monday . "  We want to build a more caring , compassionate and inclusive society here . " Cheung said that Hong Kong 's leader , Leung Chun-ying , would announce a package of measures early next year to help those struggling to make ends meet . "  We want to really tackle the problem of intergenerational poverty , social upward mobility is very important , promote employment and promote self-reliance , " said Cheung . Leung , who took office in the former British colony last year , has pledged to narrow the city 's gap between rich and poor , which is at a record high . Although part of China , Hong Kong has its own government and legal system . The city 's Gini coefficient , which measures income equality , stood at 0.537 in 2011 , the latest year that government figures are available , up from 0.533 in 2006 . A reading above 0.4 suggests potential for social unrest . If welfare benefits such as social security assistance and old age allowance were included , Hong Kong 's poverty rate would fall to 15.2 % or 1.018 million people , the government 's Commission on Poverty said . Carrie Lam , Hong Kong 's chief secretary for administration and chairman of the commission , said that the poverty line had limitations because household assets are not taken into account and this may overstate the number of people living in poverty . The 2012 poverty line for one-person households was set at a monthly income of 3,600 Hong Kong dollars  $ 464  ; 7,700 Hong Kong dollars  $ 993  for a two-person household , 11,500 Hong Kong dollars  $ 1,483  for a three-person household and 14,300 Hong Kong dollars  $ 1,844  for a four-person household .	A fifth of Hong Kong 's population lives below official poverty line First time government has set a benchmark Gap between rich and poor is widening Government set to announce new measures to help poor
CNN  In Mexico 's male-dominated drug trade , her life story became a legend . Now , after more than seven years behind bars , the woman known as "  The Queen of the Pacific " is free . A judge ruled in favor of her appeal last week , Mexico 's Attorney General 's Office said in a statement Saturday . Sandra Ávila Beltrán 's story is the subject of a best-selling book and a popular ballad . She was first arrested in Mexico City on September 28 , 2007 , smiling before cameras as authorities trumpeted her detention . Later , Ávila made headlines when Mexican authorities said they were investigating a tip that she had received Botox treatments in prison . Ávila is the niece of Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo , founder of the now-defunct Guadalajara cartel . She 's also related to drug lord Rafael Caro Quintero , who was released from a Mexican prison in a controversial 2013 decision and now has a $ 5 million State Department bounty on his head . Mexico 's case against her drew widespread attention as it made its way through the nation 's courts . She was absolved of a money laundering charge in her first trial . In 2012 , authorities extradited her to the United States , where she was accused of conspiring to smuggle cocaine along with Juan Diego Espinosa Ramirez , a Colombian national who was also known as "  The Tiger . " Ávila denied the charges . Authorities never convicted her of any drug-trafficking crimes , but prosecutors have said Ávila was once a key link in the drug trade between Colombia and Mexico . A 2008 U.S. congressional Research Service report described her as "  a senior member of the Sinaloa cartel who was instrumental " in building ties with Colombian traffickers . In 2013 , she pleaded guilty in a Florida court to a charge connected to the case , but U.S. prosecutors dropped the cocaine trafficking conspiracy charge . As part of the plea deal , Avila said she provided "  financial assistance for travel , lodging and other expenses " to Espinosa from 2002 to 2004 "  with the intention of preventing or hindering his arrest for his drug trafficking crimes . " Later that year , she was deported back to Mexico . Last year , she was sentenced to five more years in prison and a fine for money laundering . But on Friday , a judge ruled that the conviction was not valid because she 'd already been tried for the same crime in Mexico and the United States , Mexico 's Attorney General 's Office said . A popular ballad about Ávila sung by the band Los Tigres del Norte , titled "  The Queen of Queens , " describes her 2007 arrest . "  The more beautiful the rose , " one line in the song says , "  the sharper the thorns . " In an interview with Anderson Cooper that aired on "  60 Minutes " and CNN in 2009 , Ávila denied the charges against her and blamed Mexico 's government for allowing drug trafficking to flourish . "  In Mexico there 's a lot of corruption , a lot . Large shipments of drugs can come into the Mexican ports or airports without the authorities knowing about it . It 's obvious and logical , " she said . "  The government has to be involved in everything that is corrupt . " CNN 's Claudia Dominguez contributed to this report .	Sandra Ávila Beltrán , known as "  The Queen of the Pacific , " leaves prison A judge ruled in favor of her appeal last week She has been accused of drug trafficking but never convicted
CNN  -- Whether or not we reform our nation 's immigration laws may all come down to cantaloupes versus cojones . Last year , Iowa Republican Congressman Steve King attacked undocumented immigrant children in America , saying , "  for every one who is a valedictorian , there 's another 100 out there that weigh 130 pounds and they have calves the size of cantaloupes because they 're hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert . " Colorful though it might have been , that characterization is not only insulting but completely incorrect . Still , it reflects the underlying sentiment of many Americans who oppose immigration reform not just on rational grounds , but based on a deeper , emotional bias . Then you have everyone else -- in fact , the strong majority of Americans -- who support comprehensive immigration reform , including a workable path to citizenship . This crowd certainly includes President Obama and Democrats , who have reiterated that passing immigration reform is one of their key legislative priorities . And it presumably includes leaders in the Republican Party , who want to curry favor with business interests and Latino voters who support fixing our nation 's broken immigration system . So the question is : Do Republicans have the cojones to ignore the "  cantaloupe caucus " and do the right thing ? As a refresher , here 's where things stood before the election : In 2013 , the Democratic-controlled Senate passed bipartisan legislation that would create a workable path to citizenship for America 's undocumented immigrants while at the same time ensuring our immigration system and borders works as they 're supposed to for the future . Although Republicans controlled the House of Representatives , the measure reportedly had enough support from individual Republicans , as well as Democrats , to pass . But House Speaker John Boehner would n't allow the measure to come up for a vote . And so it stalled . In the wake of Republicans failing to take leadership , President Obama said he would consider executive action to do what he could on his own , under his constitutional authority , to provide relief to millions of undocumented immigrants . The President held off such action before the election . Now , if Republicans again fail to act , executive action is back on the table . At a press conference following this year 's midterm elections , President Obama said : "  I feel obliged to do everything I can lawfully with my executive authority to make sure that we do n't keep on making the system worse , but that whatever executive actions that I take will be replaced and supplanted by action by Congress . You send me a bill that I can sign , and those executive actions go away . " If Congress wo n't show leadership , the President will . In other words , the ball is in Republicans ' court . We should take a moment to remember that in 2005 , it was Republicans who championed immigration reform . Republican Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham were instrumental in co-sponsoring and advocating for immigration reform and such efforts were enthusiastically backed by President George W. Bush . By the same token , in 2013 , four Senate Republicans -- John McCain , Lindsey Graham , Jeff Flake and Marco Rubio -- joined four Senate Democrats to craft and pass the currently immigration reform bill . Rubio eventually explicitly opposed his own bill -- and last week , Rubio , McCain and Graham sent a letter to President Obama implicitly criticizing the bill suggesting there should be no path to citizenship until border security demands are met  whereas the pending legislation addresses both simultaneously  . Meanwhile , Republicans have used border security as a constantly-retreating goalpost to stall meaningful immigration reform . If President Obama uses his constitutional authority to take limited action on immigration relief , it will not be without legal or political precedent . In 2012 , President Obama directed his administration to focus his immigration enforcement away from so-called Dreamers brought to the United States as children . But Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush also used executive action to protect the spouses and children of immigrants who were granted legal status under 986 immigration reform -- arguably using their executive authority to extend the law beyond Congressional action . The Republican base may now retroactively condemn their hero Ronald Reagan for "  amnesty , " but they do n't condemn him as a domineering tyrant . Yet while President Obama has issued fewer executive orders than his predecessors , Republicans regularly smear Obama for acting like a "  king " -- repeated just this week by Sen. Rand Paul . Speaker John Boehner has said if President Obama acts on his own to give relief to our nation 's 11 million undocumented immigrants , he will in effect "  poison the well " for any compromise legislation . And yet it is Boehner who already poisoned the political landscape , failing to wrangle a Republican caucus that has continually proven itself ungovernable and yet now has the full responsibility to govern . It does n't seem to matter what principles or ideals Republicans embraced in the past . Their essential ideology right now is anti-Obama . Remember , these are the same "  leaders " who shut down our federal government , at an economic cost of $ 24 billion , basically out of spite . President Obama has shown plenty of good faith effort to compromise with Republicans in general and around immigration reform in particular . As the President said in his post-midterms press briefing : "  The Senate on a bipartisan basis passed a good bill . It was n't perfect , it was n't exactly what I wanted , but it was a sound , smart piece of legislation that really would greatly improve not just our immigration system but our economy and would improve business conditions here in the United States and make sure that American-born workers are n't undercut by workers who are undocumented and are n't always paid a fair wage and as a consequence , employers who are breaking the rules are able to undercut folks who are doing the right thing . " That 's what governing looks like -- working together on compromise legislation for the good of the country , not political posturing . Indeed , Republicans have the most to gain from supporting immigration reform . After the 2012 elections , GOP Chairman Reince Priebus led an "  autopsy " arguing that , among other moves , Republicans must show leadership on immigration reform or risk permanently alienating the growing percentage of Latino voters . But now , after the midterms ? Priebus tried to blame Obama for inaction on immigration reform . For added measure , Priebus all but called the President of the United States of America a liar : "  I do n't believe a thing he says , " Priebus told CNN . Leadership is more than name-calling . Leadership is more than flip flopping on principles . Leadership is more than being against whatever the other side is for . Leadership is working together to solve problems . It 's time Republicans finally step up , grow some cojones and lead on immigration reform . And if they fail to do so -- again -- then President Obama will be right to take action on his own and show leadership . After all , someone has to .	Sally Kohn says Republicans are now on the spot about immigration While some leaders have favored reform , GOP activists have fought a deal Senate passed a major overhaul of immigration but House would n't bring it to vote She says current climate tests whether GOP is serious about governing
CNN  -- New York could be the first state in the country to impose a limited ban on a controversial method of drilling for natural gas . This week , the state assembly passed a hydraulic fracturing moratorium bill , which is currently en route to New York Gov. David Paterson 's desk . He will have 10 days from then to take action . In the past , Paterson has expressed concern about hydraulic fracturing , which involves cracking thousands of feet beneath the earth 's surface to get at valuable natural gas . It is unclear if the governor will sign or veto the legislation . "  He 'll hear what everybody has to say , " a representative of the governor 's office told CNN . She would not provide her name . Interactive : See how fracking works The assembly voted 93 to 43 Monday night to place a temporary moratorium on hydraulic fracturing , so the state can investigate the safety and environmental concerns . The state Senate passed a similar bill in August . The moratorium -- which would only be in effect until May -- seeks to halt new drilling permits for horizontal hydraulic fracturing , dubbed "  fracking , " a controversial method of extracting natural gas . The drilling process has come under scrutiny because of the potential effects on drinking water , public health and the environment . Can shale gas be produced safely ? If signed into law , New York would be the first state to impose a fracking moratorium , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . The proposed moratorium in New York was described as "  misguided " by Kathryn Klaber , who represents a large natural gas industry coalition in the northeast United States . "  Tightly-regulated , environmentally sound natural gas development in New York can and will deliver a much-needed and long-lasting economic shot in the arm to not only communities along the Southern Tier , but for the entire state , just as it is in Pennsylvania , West Virginia and elsewhere , " said a written statement from Klaber , president of the Marcellus Shale Coalition . Using hydraulic fracturing , drillers pump large amounts of water mixed with sand and chemicals into the shale formation thousands of feet underground under high pressure . Fracturing the shale around the gas well then allows the natural gas to flow freely . The process has raised concerns about whether those chemicals are contaminating the underground water . Some residents near hydraulic fracturing drill sites along the Delaware River Basin -- located in Delaware , New Jersey , New York , and Pennsylvania -- have been able to set their water on fire . Watch residents set water on fire Several residents in rural Pennsylvania have filed a lawsuit against Cabot Oil & Gas , blaming the company for the contamination . The company has said the hydraulic fracturing process is "  proven and safe , " citing a 2004 hydraulic fracturing study by the EPA that concluded the injection of hydraulic fracturing fluids "  poses minimal threat " to underground sources of drinking water . The EPA is currently reviewing its position and plans to issue its report in 2012 . Can the EPA regulate fracking ? New York City gets roughly half of its water from the Delaware River Basin , which was recently named the country 's most endangered river because of the threat of natural gas . Last month , New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg called for a cautious approach to the drilling . "  The stakes are high , " Bloomberg wrote in a November 17 letter to the Delaware River Basin Commission 's Executive Director Carol Collier . "  The City has invested more than $ 1.5 billion in watershed protection programs that have resulted in improved water quality throughout our watershed , as well as to our releases downstream , which benefit all members of the Commission , and the 15 million people who rely on the Delaware River watershed for clean drinking water , " Bloomberg wrote . Over the past few years , technological advances and increased profit margins have spurred increased use of hydraulic fracturing , according to the EPA . The U.S. Department of Energy estimates shale gas will make up more than 20 percent of the nation 's total natural gas supply by 2020 . Currently , most natural gas is burned to produce electricity or heat and cool buildings . When burned , it emits about half the carbon dioxide as coal . For that reason , most of the country 's big environmental groups are cautiously supportive of increased shale gas development . But , with the expansion of fracturing , there are increased concerns about its potential effects on the underground water table , public health and the environment . Read Fortune Magazine 's special series on fracking The concerns have prompted an EPA study of the potential problems with fracturing and public hearings to help decide how to conduct the study are almost finished . The EPA -- which held public meetings this year in Binghamton , New York ; Canonsburg , Pennsylvania ; Fort Worth , Texas ; and Denver , Colorado -- plans to begin its actual study in January 2011 and release initial study results by late 2012 .	New York 's state assembly passed a limited ban on hydraulic fracturing Also known as "  fracking , " it 's a controversial method of drilling for natural gas The EPA is studying whether fracking contaminates ground water
CNN  -- Three days after U.S. Rep. Mark Sanford revealed personal details about legal disputes with his ex-wife , the South Carolina Republican 's scheduled court hearing Monday was postponed . A family court judge in Charleston , Daniel E Martin Jr. , told reporters that the two parties will attempt to work out their issues through mediation , according to CNN affiliate WCSC-TV . Marie-Louise Ramsdale , an attorney for Sanford 's former wife , Jenny Sanford , confirmed to CNN that the hearing was continued but declined to offer more details on the case . Sanford announced online Friday in a lengthy Facebook post that he was being summoned to court in what he described as "  yet another lawsuit " from his ex-wife as part of a long-running custody battle . Also in the Facebook post , Sanford wrote that the complications had placed a strain on his relationship with his fiancÃ © e , Maria Belen Chapur , and the couple had called off their engagement . The two got engaged in 2012 , a few years after Sanford -- then the governor of South Carolina -- publicly admitted he had been cheating on his wife with Chapur , who 's from Argentina . Chapur said over the weekend she did n't know Sanford was going to share the break-up with the world through Facebook and found out about the post through media reports . The origin of the breakup was a disagreement over a wedding date , Chapur told The New York Times . She had wanted to wed sooner , but Sanford wanted to wait another two years until his youngest son would no longer be a minor and at the center of the custody fight . According to Sanford 's Facebook post , Jenny Sanford 's attorneys were asking the court to place more requirements on the congressman 's visits with his youngest son -- criteria that included taking "  psychiatric and psychological evaluations . " "  Mrs. Sanford has always put their children first and will always stand up for the boys ' best interests and safety , " her attorney said in a statement . "  Mr. Sanford 's Facebook post directly contradicts his filing in court on Friday  before he posted on Facebook  wherein he requested a gag order regarding this case for , as he stated , ` the protection of our sons , ' " she continued . "  Apparently , he only wants a gag order after he has publicly laid out his position and disparaged my client . "	Mark Sanford and his ex-wife will try to settle custody battle in mediation , report says The Republican congressman was supposed to appear in court Monday He made a highly public Facebook post last week about their legal disputes
CNN  -- They are two titans of Flushing Meadows and on Thursday both Roger Federer and Serena Williams breezed into the third round of the U.S. Open . Federer , who won five straight titles in New York between 2004 and 2008 , is only seeded seventh -- his lowest mark since 2002 -- but made light work of Carlos Berlocq . The 17-time major champion dispatched his Argentinean opponent 6-3 6-2 6-1 in just 95 minutes and remains on course for a first ever U.S. Open meeting with Rafael Nadal in the quarterfinals . "  I did n't know Rafa was in my quarter -- I 'm kidding , " Federer said in an on court interview . "  I am well aware of the draw , but at the moment I am clearly focusing on round by round and it would be a big mistake if I was thinking too much about Rafa . "  I would love to be in that situation but for that to happen I have to keep playing well and keep winning . " Spain 's Nadal made light work of world No. 134 Rogerio Dutra Silva , beating the Brazilian 6-2 6-1 6-0 . The second seed 's victory means he has extended his winning streak on hard courts to 17 matches . "  I think I finished the match playing well , doing a few things well , moving better , " said the 2010 champion . "  The important thing at the end is winning . The result says that I did the right things . " Williams was playing her second match in two days after a rain saw her opening match delayed but she did n't show any ill effects , storming to a 6-3 6-0 win over Kazakh Galina Voskoboeva . Just a few hours after her sister Venus was knocked out of the tournament , Serena took little time to book a third round clash with another Kazakh , Yaroslava Shvedova . "  I 'm definitely used to it , " Williams said of her schedule . "  I usually play every day . In regular tournaments I do n't have a day off . Only in the grand slams I get the luxury of having a day off . I guess I did n't get that . "  Definitely gives you more time to work on things you want to do in your next match , so that 's kind of more or less how I look at it , just as getting more time to be more ready . " Williams also lent her support to Italy 's Sara Errani , the fourth seed , who made a tearful exit from the tournament after being beaten in straight sets by compatriot Flavia Pennetta . Errani said : "  I 'm feeling too much pressure . I do n't know why , but I 'm not enjoying going on the courts , and that is the worst thing a player can have . " The 26-year-old was runner up at the French Open in 2012 and reached the semis in New York last year but Williams said the Italian should n't be so hard on herself . "  It 's hard but I think she 's doing a good job , " Williams said . "  I mean , sometimes you have a tough day at the office , and it does n't mean that you did n't handle the pressure well . I think she 's a good player . " Elsewhere , the seventh seed , Petra Kvitova from the Czech Republic , beat Serbia 's Bojana Jovanovski 6-4 6-2 and ninth seed Jelena Jankovic , from Serbia , beat Russia 's Alisa Kleybanova 6-3 6-2 . Angelique Kerber , the eighth seed from Germany , defeated Canada 's Eugenie Bouchard in straight sets while 13th seed Ana Ivanovic , from Serbia , beat Romania 's Alexandra Dulgheru 6-2 6-1 . In the men 's draw , Spain 's fourth seed David Ferrer beat fellow countryman Roberto Bautista Agut 6-3 6-7 6-1 6-2 while Richard Gasquet , the eighth seed from France , triumphed 6-3 7-5 7-5 over compatriot Stephane Robert . Britain 's Dan Evans continued his fairytale run in the "  Big Apple . " The world 179 had not won a grand slam match in his career prior to the tournament , now he finds himself in the third round following a 1-6 6-3 7-6 6-3 win against Australia 's Bernard Tomic . Evans , 23 , beat 11th seed Kei Nishikori in the first round .	Roger Federer and Serena Williams cruise at U.S. Open in New York World No. 7 Federer beats Argentina 's Carlos Berlocq in straight sets Serena Williams defeats Kazakhstan 's Galina Voskoboeva 6-3 6-0 British qualifier Dan Evans springs surprise by beating Bernard Tomic
PEOPLE.com  -- "  I really want to start dancing again , " Chaz Bono tells PEOPLE . No , he 's not expecting to be invited back to "  Dancing with the Stars , " where he lasted an impressive six weeks this past fall . He 's looking to woo the ladies on the dance floor , explains the newly single Bono , who split with his fiancÃ © e in December . "  What a great skill : to be able to take a woman dancing ... and actually know what you 're doing ! " Bono 's been staying active , maintaining his DWTS weight loss by taking up boxing and skiing over the Christmas holiday with his family . He 'd understandably taken some time off from the slopes , explaining , "  First I was a drug addict and then my dad died skiing , so that kind of turned me off a bit . " But back in the dating pool , fitness is important , and Bono is hoping that the world can start to see past him as a trans man . "  People focus on what 's between your legs , " says Bono . "  If I never have bottom surgery -LSB- the procedure by which a penis is created -RSB- , I 'm fine . I feel 100 percent male as I am . " Bono adds that any further surgery is not a big priority at this time . "  When I was doing Dancing , I had a leak in my roof . A new roof was definitely more of a priority , " he says with a laugh . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Chaz Bono is looking to woo the ladies on the dance floor Bono split with his fiancÃ © e in December Bono 's been staying active , maintaining his DWTS weight loss
CNN  -- State Sen. Wendy Davis ' stand in Texas was the "  filibuster heard round the world " -- suddenly everywhere you look , you see news about one state or another rolling back reproductive rights . Even as all eyes were on resumed hearings in Texas late Tuesday night , the North Carolina legislature was busy sneaking anti-choice measures into an unrelated bill , and Wednesday that bill passed the state Senate over the fierce objections of North Carolina women . But the more I read about what is happening to women 's rights , the less I see about how anti-choice lawmakers are passing these bills . We 're taught as kids that cheaters never win , but that lesson did n't sink in with Republican leaders in Texas and in many other states where these rights are under attack . Instead they 've decided that if you do n't have the people with you to pass a bill , you can just change the process . Take the Texas bill : a hodgepodge of arbitrary restrictions , it would close nearly 90 % of the clinics that perform abortions in Texas , making it impossible for women across the state to access all sorts of medical care they need and deserve . It would also ban all abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy , which compromises the moral and medical autonomy of women who need care . Following on 12 other states that have enacted the unconstitutional ban , Texas Republicans are trying to put in place costly restrictions to solve a problem that does n't exist : The number of abortions after 20 weeks is tiny  less than 2 %  and are most often sought by women in desperate circumstances , exactly the kind of cases that require close attention by doctors , not sweeping prohibitions by ideological politicians . The Republicans could n't pass this bill in regular session -- Texas law requires a two-thirds Senate majority for these measures , and the GOP simply did n't have it . So instead of building support the old-fashioned way for this radical legislation , Gov. Perry decided he 'd just change the rules . He called a special session after the end of the normal legislative period , and his friend , Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst , declared they no longer needed a super majority vote . What they did n't count on was opposition from citizens who knew the rules and would n't stand by while Republicans cheated . In the House , GOP committee members shut down legally mandated public hearings when witness after witness testified that they resented this intrusion into private , personal medical decisions ; then committee members voted on the bill in a private room where the public could n't see what they were doing . And finally , in the move that earned them national disdain , they tried to use every dirty trick in the book to shut down Davis ' historic talking filibuster in the final hours of this widely watched session . They challenged the content of her speech . They cried crocodile tears about her receiving assistance to don a back brace . They ignored Democrats who were raising legitimate procedural questions . Republicans presiding over the debate recognized their fellow Republicans when Democrats had the floor . One senator , Leticia Van de Putte , even had to ask : "  At what point must a female senator raise her voice or hand to be recognized over the male colleagues in the room ? " And then , after Texans watching in the gallery erupted in jeers at the strong-handed tactics Republicans were using , the GOP leadership held a vote after midnight , after the special session had officially ended . They then changed the time stamp on the official record of the vote , only changing it back after they were caught red-handed . That meant the bill was dead , so Gov. Rick Perry did what cheaters do when they lose -- he called for a do-over . I wish I could say the tactics in Texas were the exception , but Republicans are using underhanded ploys like these to pass anti-choice bills all over the country . In Ohio , Republicans sneaked a requirement for unnecessary ultrasounds into a budget bill , without holding public hearings . In North Carolina , they shut out testimony from pro-choice activists late in the night to move their draconian measures to the floor for a vote . On Monday , I stood in the hot Austin sun with thousands of fellow Texans who share my outrage at this attack on our fundamental rights . But they did n't just cheer for Davis ' stand to protect women 's rights and health . They were there to celebrate the rule of democracy , rules that Republicans have shown they will change if it suits their political ends . But changing the rules does n't change the truth . I do n't know what will happen at this next special session in Texas , but I do know that if Republicans cheat their way to victory in this battle , they are going to lose the war for the confidence of the people they seek to represent . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilyse Hogue .	Ilyse Hogue : Texas is trying every trick in the book to get an anti-abortion bill passed Many oppose bill that would shut 90 % of abortion clinics in state , she says Hogue : GOP could n't pass this bill in regular session , so governor called special session Hogue : Texas bypassed legally mandated public hearings , tried to change time stamp of vote
Cute and adorable or simply odd ? The first of EVA Air 's long range Hello Kitty jets completed its maiden flight to Los Angeles last week , drawing a litter of curious Kitty enthusiasts . Whatever your taste -- and judging by the comments below on this updated story , Kitty is more than quite palatable -- the flight marks something of a big step in brand extension for Sanrio 's famed cat . Hello Kitty and her mates are hugely popular the world over , nowhere more so than in Asia where Taiwanese airline EVA Air flies five Kitty-themed planes in a tie-up with Sanrio . This adds to Kitty being on everything from restaurants to toasters  where Kitty 's face is burned into your bread  to beer pong tables . Naturally . Sticking her on a metal tube and taking her to the United States and back is a braver move -- thrice-weekly flights from Taipei to Los Angeles began September 20 . Europe is unlikely to be spared with a European schedule also reportedly on the cards . Each current Hello Kitty plane has a theme and for the Taipei-LAX flight , the new design features 19 Sanrio characters , including My Melody  Hello Kitty 's BFF  , Little Twin Stars ' Kiki and Lala as well as rival character Kuromi , the trouble-making bunny . That kind of explains the plane 's theme of "  Sanrio Family hand-in-hand . " According to a company statement , the new design tries to convey the message of "  embracing the world and overcoming various cultural barriers . " The Hello Kitty planes flying to Japan , Hong Kong , South Korea , China and Guam from Taiwan are A330s but for its States-side adventure the feline cat is aboard a new Boeing 777 aircraft , the world 's largest twin-engined plane . Hello Kitty restaurant is terribly cute and its food just terrible Like the A330s , the B777 is drenched inside and out with Kitty and co. . What do you think ? Cute or sickening ? Let us know in the comments below In an earlier version of this story , we took a look at the interior of the A330s . which give an indication of what will reside inside the B777 . More than 100 inflight items bear the Hello Kitty motif , including headrest covers , tissues , utensils , snacks and soap dispensers . And when you 're not blowing your nose on Hello Kitty or tearing her in two to get at some peanuts , flight attendants wearing Hello Kitty aprons will sell you limited edition duty-free goods branded with the cutesy animal . Passengers ' immersion into the world of Kitty begins before they get on the plane . Hello Kitty jets : 5 cutest airplanes ever Boarding passes and baggage stickers are cat-stamped . Travelers board the aircraft through a special Kitty-embellished gate . The Japanese cartoon company Sanrio launched Hello Kitty , depicted as a white female cat with a red bow in its hair , in 1974 . Three and a half decades later , she was earning worldwide revenue of $ 5 billion a year . Sanrio and EVA Air collaborated on their first generation of Kitty-themed aircraft in 2005 . With their latest flights , they are providing Kitty with a new aviation market to conquer . At last : World 's first Hello Kitty Beauty Spa	Taiwanese airline EVA Air 's first long-haul Hello Kitty began flights to Los Angeles The new Hello Kitty B777 has a ` Sanrio Family hand-in-hand ' theme The company already flies five Hello Kitty planes on Asian routes Each Hello Kitty plane has a different theme but all stock hundreds of Hello Kitty and co. items on board
CNN  -- It 's one thing to lose your luggage while flying . It 's another when your dog goes missing . Josiah Allen says his dog , Paco , did n't make it home when he flew recently from Mexico to his home in Seaforth , Canada . Delta Air Lines says the dog escaped from a carrier on the tarmac . "  I am hopeful that Delta will be able ... to locate and retrieve Paco and that he can come to my home and be loved and cared for , " Allen said . A Delta spokeswoman , Susan Elliot , said Paco broke out of a dog carrier at the airport in Mexico City , Mexico , on May 3 . "  Our staff have conducted exhaustive searches to locate the dog , " she said . They have not found Paco . Delta has offered its "  sincere apologies that we have been unable to recover the dog , " Elliot said . The airline has compensated Paco 's owner and offered to reimburse all expenses associated with the dog , she said . A Delta representative at the Mexico City airport told Allen that Paco 's dog carrier was too small , Allen said . He said Delta asked him to sign a waiver saying the airline would not be liable for any injuries that Paco might suffer as a result of the carrier 's size . Allen said he signed the waiver because Paco had slept in the crate for three nights with no problems . "  He could both turn around and stand comfortably , " he said . Yet when his plane landed in Detroit , Michigan , Allen said , the dog was gone . The story of Paco 's disappearance unfolded not long afterward on a blog called The Consumerist , which says it "  empowers consumers by informing and entertaining them about the top consumer issues of the day . " Elliot said she could n't recall another instance when a dog got lost while its owners were in transit . "  This is extremely rare , " she said . CNN 's Jamie Guzzardo contributed to this report .	Josiah Allen says his dog , Paco , did n't make it home when he flew recently Delta Air Lines says the dog escaped from a carrier May 3 at an airport in Mexico City Delta representative : "  Our staff have conducted exhaustive searches to locate the dog " Airline has apologized , compensated owner , offered to reimburse expenses , she says
CNN  -- Cricket has been hit by another tragedy in the same week Australian Test star Phillip Hughes died as result as a result of injuries he received after being struck by a ball in a match in Sydney . Hillel Oscar , 60 , a former captain of the Israeli national team , was umpiring a match Saturday in his home town of Ashdod when he received an apparently fatal blow in a freak accident . Before the match between Young Ashdod and Super Lions Lod , the final game of the Israel domestic season , players and officials had held a minute 's silence for Hughes , whose untimely death has led to a string of tributes across the world . Super Lions Lod was also to be given the championship trophy at the end of the match , but as Steve Leigh , the Deputy Chairman of the Israeli Cricket Association told CNN , that celebration was never to happen . Leigh was not at the match , but recounted what he had been told of the tragic incident . "  Midway through the first innings a ball was driven fiercely back towards the umpire  by the batsman  . "  It hit the stumps and ricocheted but as Hillel tried to move out of the way the ball followed him and he was hit in the chest or just under the chin , it is still unclear exactly where . "  He collapsed immediately and according to witnesses who were there he may have had a heart attack . " Leigh said that the umpire was resuscitated by ambulance staff who were quickly on the scene , but he died later at a hospital in Ashdod . Englishman Leigh , 51 , said the Israeli cricketing community had been left stunned by the incident . "  Hillel was much loved by everyone , " he said The Israel Cricket Association 's CEO , Naor Gudker , paid his tribute on its official Facebook page . "  The entire Israel Cricket Association and players bow their heads in his memory . He was a wonderful man , cricketer , and umpire , " Gudker said . Oscar , who was born in Bombay , was married with two daughters and a grandchild . His funeral was being held in Ashdod Sunday . Meanwhile Leigh said the association would co-operate fully with any official investigation into the incident , liaising with world governing body , the ICC . Unlike in sports such as baseball , cricket umpires are unprotected and do not wear helmets , despite the high speeds which the ball can be struck by batsman . But fatal incidents involving either players or umpires are extremely rare . An umpire at a match in Wales was killed five years ago after a ball thrown by a fielder hit him on the head . In the light of the recent accident , Leigh said that "  maybe there was need " for umpires to wear helmets . Unlike Australia , Israel is not considered a major cricketing power , but there are several thousand active participants at all levels , with an 18-strong national league . Most of the adult players were originally born , like Oscar , in traditional cricket playing countries such as India , where it is the national sport .	Cricket umpire dies after freak accident in game in Israel Hillel Oscar , 60 , hit by ball which ricocheted off the stumps Oscar was former captain of Israeli national team Australian Test star Phillip Hughes died earlier in week after being hit by a ball
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Harry has revealed a secret . The fourth in line to the throne unveiled a hidden fear Monday in support of the #FeelNoShame campaign being run by his Sentebale charity for World AIDS Day . Prince Harry co-founded the Sentebale charity with Lesotho 's Prince Seeiso in 2006 after being struck by the impact of AIDS/HIV on children and young people in the southern African nation . Throughout the day , celebrities including singer Joss Stone , actor Charley Boorman , race car driver Daniel Ricciardo , and former rugby player and sport commentator Will Greenwood will be revealing secrets about themselves as part of #FeelNoShame . Television presenter Luke Franks has already revealed that he sometimes wears ladies ' jeans -- for a better fit -- while footballer Christian Eriksen admitted eating all his advent calendar chocolates early . Wearing the red ribbon of the AIDS awareness campaign , Prince Harry revealed his secret in a video message released at 1 p.m. GMT . "  My secret is -- believe it or not -- I get incredibly nervous before public speaking , no matter how big the crowd or the audience and , um , despite the fact that I laugh and joke all the time I get incredibly nervous , if not anxious , actually , before going into rooms full of people when I 'm wearing a suit , " he said . "  And now that I 've confessed that , I 'll probably be even more worried that people are looking at me . " World AIDS Day has been held every December 1 since 1988 and is aimed at increasing awareness of the virus and raising funds to combat its effects . Prince Harry earlier posted a message on YouTube on behalf of Sentebale to mark World AIDS Day in which he said the virus was the No. 1 cause of death across Africa and second highest cause of death globally for those aged 10 to 19 . "  One tragic issue in particular is the shame and stigma linked to HIV , " he said . "  This causes thousands of children to needlessly die each year because they 're keeping their illness a secret and not getting the medical attention that they need . " He said Sentebale encouraged children to talk openly about their health concerns . "  To show our support to the children of Lesotho and help reduce the stigma for all those affected by HIV , we are turning this World AIDS Day into a day in which no one should feel any shame about their secrets , " Prince Harry said . "  Myself and many others will be sharing secrets of our own throughout the day and we ask everyone else to do the same . Please use the hashtag #FeelNoShame to share your secret on social media and show the children of Lesotho that they are not alone . "  Together we can tackle the stigma surrounding HIV and give the young people carrying it the treatment that they deserve -- the childhood so many of us take for granted . "	December 1 is World AIDS Day , which is aimed at raising awareness of the virus globally Prince Harry co-founded the charity Sentebale in Lesotho in 2006 , for HIV-affected children Sentebale is running a #FeelNoShame campaign for World AIDS Day Throughout the day , celebrities including Prince Harry are revealing their secrets
CNN  -- Rescuers on Tuesday spotted the wreckage of a Yemeni jet that crashed in the Indian Ocean off the island nation of Comoros , the country 's Vice President Idi Nadhoim said . Relatives of passengers of the plane that crashed arrive at Marseille airport in southern France . The plane , carrying more than 150 people , was en route to Moroni , the capital of Comoros , from Yemen 's capital , Sanaa . A reconnaissance plane spotted traces of the jet in waters off the town of Mitsamiouli , Nadhoim said . "  There were no sign of survivors , " he said . "  There are a few bodies floating and there is a lot of debris floating around . " The crash occurred as the plane approached the Hahaya airport in Moroni . The plane tried to land , but could n't , and then U-turned before it crashed , Nadhoim said . Officials did not know why the plane could not land , he said . There were 142 passengers and 11 crew members aboard , Yemenia Air officials said . Nadhoim offered another figure , saying there were 147 passengers . Flight 626 left Sanaa at 9:30 p.m.  2:30 p.m. ET  for what was expected to be a four-and-a-half-hour flight . The airline has three regular flights a week to Moroni , off the east coast of Africa , about 2,900 km  1,800 miles  south of Yemen . The crash occurred about 1:30 a.m. , Nadhoim said . Most of the passengers aboard the Airbus A310 were Comoran , an official at Sanaa 's international airport told CNN . An official at Charles De Gaulle airport in Paris said there were 66 French passengers aboard . There was no indication of foul play behind the crash , the official in Yemen said . The crash was the second involving an Airbus jet in a month . On June 1 , an Air France Airbus A330 crashed off Brazil while en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France . All 228 aboard are presumed dead . The cause remains under investigation . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report	NEW : French passengers aboard ; most on plane are Comoran Crash occurs as plane tries to land at airport , official says Reconnaissance craft spots traces of plane , bodies off Comoros Plane crashes in Indian Ocean near Comoros , official says
CNN  The beauty of Afghanistan -- a country blemished by wars , upheaval and the inhumane treatment of women by extremists -- has almost been forgotten by the world , and by many Afghans themselves . In the last few decades , little attention has been paid to the other Afghanistan : the sweet melodies , the kind people , and the beautiful land full of ancient wisdom and intersecting traditions . This is understandable . It would be irresponsible to solely focus on those positives while families are torn apart and the noise of war rings in people 's ears . Generations of Afghans have had their homes surrounded by battles and their lives punctuated by fear . Afghanistan has been the largest refugee-producing country for 32 years . One out of every four refugees worldwide is Afghan , according to the United Nations . Recently , I was watching an engrossing reality TV show featuring singers when a friend peered over my shoulder and asked about the program . I explained that it was "  Afghan Star , " Afghanistan 's answer to "  American Idol . " She was shocked by the set and the sophisticated arena stage where the stars were standing . That stage could easily have been in New York , Los Angeles , London or Rome . This , I realized , is the Afghanistan no one believes exists , or has ever existed . Afghanistan has a rich tradition of music , poetry , and songs that have influenced its neighbors and any region of the world exposed to the Silk Road . After all , the famous Sufi poet Mawlana Jalalideen Rumi was from modern-day Afghanistan . I grew up across the river in Tajikistan , hearing Afghan songs and tales of the parties in Kabul , and learning about Afghan singers , who are beloved across the region . I started watching "  Afghan Star " last year after hearing about contestant Dawood Pazhman from Afghanistan 's remote northeastern province of Badakhshan , who traveled 16 hours  sometime on foot  to Kabul to audition for the show . This year , another contestant , Panj Shanbe Maftoon , also traveled from that remote region for a chance to audition . Panj Shanbe told TOLO TV , which produces "  Afghan Star , " that he did not have enough to eat and did n't have money for his commute to Kabul . But he knew , he said , that in this day and age , in his new Afghanistan , he can hope , dream , and make things happen . Panj Shanbe 's story was so compelling , I have tuned in every week for months now to see what he will sing and whether he will be safe from elimination . He is now among the top three contestants . As I watched every show , the beacon of hope of a new Afghanistan became clear to me . Young men and women auditioned , speaking of peace and coexistence , supporting one another outside of tribes or ethnic lines . They wanted what my own children want -- the freedom to explore being a young adult and to follow their dreams . This is the new Afghanistan -- the struggles around poverty , religion and resilience are ever-present , but hope shines through in ways that make everyday life brighter . "  Afghan Star " is a source of pride , happiness and escape for many Afghans . When you talk to any Afghan around the world , they know all about the contestants and the judges . They openly give their opinions and feel that they are a part of the process ; anyone around the world can vote via SMS and call-ins . The panel of judges acts as an amplifier for the voices of the vulnerable , bringing attention to orphans , poverty , and the plight of women . This grounded attitude is meaningful because each one of the judges is a living legend in Afghanistan -- superstars who also have their own war stories to tell . The stalwart female judge , Shahla Zaland , comes from a family of famous composers and singers . Last year told the contestants a heart-wrenching story about her father 's life abroad as a refugee and how she believes her father "  died of homesickness . " Her presence on the panel of judges is a reminder that women are strong , women do not need to be veiled , and that female contestants who audition should be championed . There is a beacon of hope in just looking at how much the show has changed in its 10 seasons . During the first season , after years of the Taliban 's ban on music , a female contestant performed without a hijab , resulting in death threats . The young woman had to go into hiding . This season , for International Women 's Day , the show celebrated Afghan women . Male contestants dedicated songs and presented flowers to the women , singing of the strength of Afghan mothers . A young woman performed , dancing with her hair flowing freely . The show ended with a dedication to Afghani poetess Nadia Anjuman . Anjuman studied literature in secret during the Taliban occupation , becoming a well-known published poet before her husband killed her at age 25 . He found her writings inappropriate and a stain on his honor . The beautiful irony is that Anjuman 's words live on in books and songs today . Shahla Zaland performed a song that put Anjuman 's poetry to music . Wearing an Afghan flag around her shoulders , her hair uncovered , she brought Anjuman 's words to life : "  I am not that weak willow tree that trembles with the wind . "  I am an Afghan woman and so I wail . " With three contestants left , the show will end Friday night , appropriately on Nawruz , the Perisan New Year celebrated in Afghanistan , Tajikistan and Iran . Though Panj Shanbe was my initial reason for watching the show , I will be happy no matter which contestant becomes the "  Afghan Star . " The reality is we are all winners because of one TV program . Those living as refugees and those living abroad by choice , away from the homeland , get a taste of the music and culture of their birth country , sparking renewed belief in the new Afghanistan . And people in Afghanistan are given glimpses of what the new Afghanistan can look like -- a vision of young men and women free from war , who can pursue their dreams .	"  Afghan Star " is Afghanistan 's answer to "  American Idol " But the TV show is more -- it gives Afghan refugees and the world a look at a changing society
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Investigators had a "  significant break " in tracking the salmonella outbreak when they found the bacteria on a jalapeño pepper imported from Mexico at a Texas food supplier , the Food and Drug Administration announced Monday . The FDA has discouraged all consumers from eating raw jalapeño peppers . The FDA also warned consumers not to eat fresh jalapeños and products made with fresh jalapeños . The discovery may provide a clue to the source of a recent outbreak of Salmonella Saintpaul . The bacteria have sickened more than 1,200 people in 42 states , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  One of the jalapeño peppers has tested positive with a genetic match to the Saintpaul strand , " said Robert Tauxe , deputy director of the CDC 's Division of Foodborne , Bacterial and Mycotic Diseases . Consumer Tips Blog : Hold the jalapeños He said officials are "  looking at the chain that the peppers would have passed through to decide if any of them are a point of contamination . " Watch more on the salmonella outbreak " Tauxe called the discovery a "  significant break . " "  While this one sample does not give us the whole story , this genetic break is very important , " he said . "  This will hopefully help us pinpoint the source of this outbreak . " The bacteria were found at a distribution center in McAllen , Texas , and the distributor has agreed to recall the products . Although the pepper was grown on a farm in Mexico , Tauxe said , investigators are not yet certain where the bacteria originated . Read food safety tips " "  This does not mean that the pepper was contaminated in Mexico , " he said . "  We are n't only looking for the source , but the reason for the spread -LSB- of the outbreak -RSB- . " The news comes just days after the FDA lifted its ban on consumption of certain raw tomatoes . The FDA has not ruled out tomatoes as the source of the original outbreak , but investigators have determined that tomatoes currently in fields and stores are safe , Dr. David Acheson , the FDA 's associate commissioner for food protection , said Thursday . Learn about the differences between salmonella and E. coli " The FDA is still investigating fresh tomatoes as a possible source of the outbreak . It is possible that tomatoes were paired with another food that was contaminated , Tauxe said . Watch more on the FDA investigation " Before Monday 's warning , the agency had discouraged high-risk people -- elderly people , infants and those with impaired immune systems -- from eating serrano and jalapeño peppers . Two elderly men with pre-existing conditions died while infected with Salmonella Saintpaul , and the FDA said the infection could have contributed to their deaths .	NEW : Discovery called a "  significant break " in outbreak investigation Strain is Salmonella Saintpaul , which has sickened hundreds recently CDC : Pepper grown in Mexico , but origin of bacteria uncertain Bacteria were found at distribution center in McAllen , Texas
CNN  -- The PlayStation Vita is extending its reach into video and voice calling with the release of a Skype app for the mobile gaming device . The free app is expected to be available through the PlayStation store Tuesday in North America and Wednesday in Europe and Asia . It will work for both the Vita 's 3G and Wi-Fi only models . The Skype app will use the Vita 's front and rear cameras for video calling . The app will also run in "  background mode , " so users can pause a game , and then take a call . There is no functionality at this time to continue playing a game while taking a call . Since it runs in "  background mode , " Skype will also alert users to calls when the Vita is in sleep mode . No word yet on how it will affect the device 's five to six hours of battery time . On the Skype blog , legendary gamer Fatal1ty  Johnathan Wendel  shows off the features of the new app . The PS Vita already has voice chat and text chat through its built-in Party application . However , developer Shuhei Yoshida , president of SCE Worldwide Studios , told CNN in February that there were restrictions to that voice chat by broadband providers  only one person can be on a 3G connection  . "  The Vita is n't a phone , " he said . It appears that the Skype app may be trying to change that . Do gamers really want to be bothered during a "  Unit 13 " gun battle by a call from a friend ? Or is this a partial admission by Sony that a dedicated games-only device may not be what users want ?	Skype will be available through the PlayStation store Tuesday in North America The Skype app will use the Vita 's front and rear cameras for video calling PS Vita already has voice chat and text chat through its built-in Party application
CNN  -- When 81-year old Cecilia Gimenez took it upon herself to restore a flaking century-old fresco of Jesus on her local church 's wall in Spain last year , she was treated to an international lambasting like only the Internet makes possible . Her work , which would have looked more at home on a proud parent 's fridge door than on a house of worship , spawned memes , merchandise and even a Pinterest board of alternative "  restorations . " But things have taken a turn for the better , with the "  Monkey Jesus " depiction , as it has become known , drawing tourists to the town of Borja in the thousands . The church , which started charging people to see the mural , has raised â ‚ ¬ 50,000  $ 72,500  for a local charity from 70,000 visitors , according to local news site Heraldo.es  Spanish only  . Local restaurant and bar owners say business is booming and there are plans to produce official lines of merchandise including plates , postcards and cigarette lighters , with the proceeds split between Gimenez and the local council . Gimenez , who has sold artwork on eBay , even opened her own art exhibition in Borja this week , displaying pieces that suggest she is not totally devoid of talent . "  I am happy ... people are being very nice , " she told The Telegraph . "  There are people who supported me a lot and I am very happy because of that . " Her exhibition runs until August 24 .	Cecilia Gimenez 's "  restoration " attempt was widely mocked To date , 70,000 tourists have traveled to see the paint job Plans afoot to launch merchandise including postcards and cigarette lighters
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A federal judge ruled Tuesday that there is enough evidence that former reality TV producer Bruce Beresford-Redman murdered his wife at a Cancun resort to justify his return to Mexico to face trial . Beresford-Redman , once a producer on TV 's "  Survivor , " will appeal the extradition order to a higher court , which could keep him in the United States for another year , his defense lawyers said . Mexican prosecutors charged Beresford-Redman last year with the aggravated murder of Monica Burgos Beresford-Redman while the couple and their two young children vacationed at a resort . The defense withdrew its request to have the 6-year-old daughter take the stand at Tuesday 's extradition hearing because of "  some concerns about her ability to testify today , " lawyer Vicki Podberesky said . The situation was "  very upsetting " to the child , she said . Instead , the judge allowed the defense to use a sworn statement from the child 's counselor that quoted her saying she never saw her parents argue of fight during the vacation . The child 's statements to her therapist were also used to explain how her father got some cuts and scrapes on his body that investigators said indicated he was in a struggle with his wife . Beresford-Redman , who has been in jail in Los Angeles since November , has been allowed to visit with his children each week , his lawyer said . He will apparently attend a probate court hearing this week in a Los Angeles County courthouse across the street from federal court . The federal judge approved the request that he testify before the judge considering the permanent custody of his children and the control of his estate . . Mexican prosecutors contend that Beresford-Redman killed his wife by asphyxiating her in their room at the Moon Palace Resort on April 5 , 2010 . Beresford-Redman 's lawyers accuse Mexican investigators of rushing to judgment in charging the husband because they wanted to protect Cancun 's valuable tourist industry . The case is "  replete with inconsistencies and unsupported innuendos , " attorney Richard Hirsch said . The Cancun trip was intended to help the couple work out their marital problems caused by the producer 's affair with another woman , his lawyers said . But prosecutors contend it was murder , not reconciliation , on Beresford-Redman 's mind . "  The fugitive 's continued infidelity provides a strong motive for him to have committed the crime , " U.S. prosecutors wrote in an extradition filing . "  The fugitive 's affair was still an issue with the couple during their trip . " The fact that he brought their young son and daughter along supports his innocence , Hirsch said . "  How absurd it is to think that our client , or anyone , would book a trip to Mexico with his two minor children , have a room in which all of them , the whole family , is staying together , and have this with some motive to commit a homicide , " Hirsch said . "  It makes no sense in logic , whatsoever . " Prosecution documents describe a loud argument ending with a violent death in the same one-room hotel suite where the children were staying . While investigators have not talked to the children , a therapist who has helped them deal with the loss of their mother did question the daughter about her memories of the Mexico trip , Hirsch said . An affidavit signed by the therapist said the girl told her she never heard her parents argue in Mexico and that she was never left alone at the resort . "  Mommy and Daddy did not yell at each other and never hit each other , " the statement quotes the daughter saying . "  Mommy and Daddy never hit each other anywhere , anytime . "	NEW : Defense lawyers say they will appeal the extradition decision Judge orders extradition of suspect to Mexico Bruce Beresford-Redman is charged with killing his wife at a Cancun resort in 2010 The former reality TV producer has been jailed in Los Angeles while fighting extradition
CNN  -- BP reported problems controlling the undersea well at the heart of the largest oil spill in U.S. history and won a delay in testing a critical piece of equipment in March , according to documents released Sunday . "  We are in the midst of a well control situation on MC 252 # 001 and have stuck pipe . We are bringing out equipment to begin operations to sever the drillpipe , plugback the well and bypass , " Scherie Douglas , a BP regulatory advisor , told the district engineer for the U.S. Interior Department 's Minerals Management Service in a March 10 e-mail . In a follow-up e-mail to the district engineer , Frank Patton , Douglas reported the company wanted to get a plug set in the well before testing the blowout preventer , the massive device used to shut down the well in case of an emergency . "  With the give and take of the well and hole behavior we would feel much more comfortable getting at least one of the two plugs set in order to fully secure the well prior to testing BOPs , " she wrote . When Patton told BP he could not delay a test any longer than it took to bring the well under control , the company won a postponement from David Trocquet , the MMS district manager in New Orleans , Louisiana , the documents show . Trocquet ordered BP to make sure its cement plug was set up and to verify its placement , according to his reply . The messages do not indicate how long the test was postponed . The exchange was among the documents released Sunday by leaders of the House Energy and Commerce Committee , which is looking into the disaster that killed 11 workers aboard the drilling platform Deepwater Horizon and uncapped a gusher that is now fouling the northern Gulf of Mexico . BP has been unable to activate the well 's blowout preventer since the explosion , resulting in up to 19,000 barrels  798,000 gallons  spewing into the Gulf every day . Appearing on ABC 's "  This Week , " BP Managing Director Bob Dudley said those questions are being addressed by an investigation led by the Coast Guard and the MMS , which oversees offshore oil drilling . BP , rig owner Transocean Ltd. and oilfield services company Halliburton have blamed each other for the disaster "  There were issues of well control , signs out there , and there are strict procedures that are written , " Dudley said . Those procedures allow the rig owner "  to walk through well control , " he said . "  That 's what the investigation will take minute by minute , " he said . But he said the failure of the well 's blowout preventer is a "  very troubling " issue that will have repercussions throughout the oil industry . "  It is the piece of equipment that is not expected to fail , and that 's going to have implications for everyone around the world , " Dudley said . BP 's design of the well has also come under scrutiny in the New Orleans hearings held by MMS and the Coast Guard . BP drilling engineer Mark Hafle testified Friday that he made "  several changes to the casing designs " to address problems with the well 's cement walls and leaking drilling fluid . But he said the problems had been addressed . "  No one believed there was going to be a safety issue with pumping that cement job , " he said . Halliburton performed the cementing work on the well , and Halliburton worker Christopher Haire told the New Orleans hearings Friday that BP kept changing the dimensions of the well 's casing . Meanwhile , BP 's investigation "  raised concerns about the maintenance history , modification , inspection , and testing " of the blowout preventer , committee chairman Henry Waxman , D-California , reported earlier this month . The New York Times reported Sunday that BP documents indicated the company had "  serious problems and safety concerns " with the rig 's well casing and blowout preventer for months . Rep. Ed Markey , a Massachusetts Democrat who leads an Energy and Commerce subcommittee , said he has seen documents that confirm the Times report . Other witnesses at congressional hearings into the spill have raised concerns as well . Stephen Stone , a laborer on the doomed rig , told the House Judiciary Committee last week that the Transocean crew had to stop drilling four times in the space of 20 days because of the loss of drilling "  mud " -- "  either because the underground formation was unstable , or because drilling too quickly caused the formation to crack , " he said . And Doug Brown , the rig 's chief mechanic , told the Judiciary Committee that cuts to Deepwater Horizon 's engineering staff left the crew with a backlog of preventive maintenance to perform . When they complained , he said , "  We were always told , ` We will see what we can do . ' "	BP won delay in blowout preventer test BP director says issues under investigation Hearings raise questions about well casing , cement Rig cuts caused maintenance backlog , mechanic says
CNN  -- This week marks one of the most-exciting non-major events of the golf season -- the Players Championship at the famed TPC Sawgrass . With a deep field and a great course , you wo n't want to miss any of the action . Before the tournament tees off , we had a chance to catch up with TPC Sawgrass PGA Head Professional Matt Borocz , who provided some inside insight on the home of the PGA Tour . PGA.com : Thanks for joining us . This week presents one of the most exciting on the schedule with the Players Championship . What is it that makes the Players such a special event ? Borocz : It 's the Players Championship ... The Players is crown jewel of the PGA Tour . The world 's best golfers are on a course that demands the highest level of shot-making and offers an unbelievable fan experience . It 's also the highest purse in golf with the champion taking home $ 1.71 million at the end of the week . The Players Stadium Course was specifically built to host the Players Championship and offer our fans the best possible viewing . Everyone wants to see the action on the final three holes , especially the 17th . It 's the lure of the hole and watching the best players in the world challenge the island green . PGA.com : We ca n't talk about the Players without mentioning the world-famous , par-3 17th island green , which you just touched on . I recently heard a promo with a player saying , "  51 weeks a year , No. 17 at TPC Sawgrass is the easiest hole in the world for Tour players . " I do n't know if I would agree with that , but of course , that 52nd week is the Players . We know why it 's daunting , but it 's less than 150 yards . Is there any truth to what that Tour player said ? Borocz : A few stats on the 17thhole -- it plays 121 yards from the middle of the championship tee to the front of the green . To the back of the green it 's 146 yards . The 17th green is 3,912 square feet compared to the average of 4,500 square feet . The challenge of the 17th hole is its ability to taunt the mental toughness of a player . It 's a very calculating shot because you have to factor the wind , firmness of the green and avoid looking at the body of water surrounding the island green . During the Players , you add in the thousands of fans ! We give tours every day to visitors and the No. 1 comment of amazement is , "  The green looks so small compared to television . " Making a par 3 on the 17th hole at TPC Sawgrass will bring a smile to all players , whether they are a novice or the best players in the world . PGA.com : Henrik Stenson of Sweden is your defending champion . Through the years with the likes of Stenson , Sergio Garcia , Adam Scott , Stephen Ames , Steve Elkington , Greg Norman , Nick Price -- the list goes on -- the Players has had quite a list of international champions . What is it about the course that yields such diverse champions ? Borocz : In the 36-year history of the Players , 10 of the victories have been by international players . The Players Stadium Course does not favor any style of player . The goal of former Commissioner Deane Beman was to create a golf course that had balance in regards to distance , wind direction and shot-making . He wanted to create a goal course that was fair and would challenge every skill of the game . The goal at the end of week is to crown the greatest player in world . The diversity of the field allows the Players and PGA Tour to expand the scope of the tournament to a world-wide audience . PGA.com : In 1994 , Greg Norman won the Players with a remarkable 24-under 264 . That 's by far the best winning score in tournament history . Is there any chance someone could come within a sniff of that this year ? Borocz : In 1994 , when Greg Norman set the overall tournament record , the conditions started off perfect the first round with 76 players shooting under par . Norman started off on Thursday with a course-record round of 63 , followed by three rounds of 67 's to beat Fuzzy Zoeller by four shots . In 1994 , the Players was played in March . With the tournament now being played in May the course is much firmer and faster conditions . In March , we had a lot of inconsistency in weather . It could be in the high 70s and beautiful or in the 50s with rain . The temperatures have become much more consistent , but the golf course plays much differently . When played in March , the golf course was overseeded . It 's now Bermuda grass all year . The golf ball has more opportunity to run through the fairways and the greens . The forecast is shaping up to be a beautiful week . PGA.com : Final question . What 's the best part about working at TPC Sawgrass ? Borocz : Excellent question ... TPC Sawgrass is a very special place being that it 's the home of the Players and PGA Tour . It is a privilege to work around such a passionate and dedicated group of people . Everyone on our team is focused on creating a magical experience for the Tour players , members and guests . Every team member comes to the club with a positive "  can do " attitude . We have a team that is extremely dedicated and passionate about their role at the club . One of the most special things about TPC Sawgrass is the interaction with all the people that travel from all over the world to visit . Many of them have personal stories and connections why TPC Sawgrass is their favorite course . There are definitely days that you have to pinch yourself . We are very fortunate to have the opportunity to work at such a beautiful place that is showcased to the world every year . As a club and being apart of the PGA Tour , we have a lot of involvement with local charitable organizations . Almost every month we have a charitable initiative that we are giving back to you . It 's an honor and a blessing to be a part of such a great team .	The Players is "  crown jewel " of the PGA Tour Sawgrass synonymous with its par three , island green 17th hole Greg Norman set the overall tournament record in 1994
CNN  -- Privacy advocates are up in arms . They say the Obama administration is seeking to increase the government 's surveillance powers . The White House is out to require internet companies to keep trapdoors so the government can read any and all messages . Kevin Bankston of the Electronic Frontier Foundation called the proposal "  a drastic anti-privacy , anti-security , anti-innovation solution in search of a problem . " These privacy advocates remind me of someone who locks his front door only to return home and find that thieves have emptied his home through the back door and the windows he left wide open . These days , the main enemy of privacy is not Big Brother , but a whole bunch of Little Brothers : profit-making corporations . Two kinds of corporations keep track of what you buy , read , visit , drink ; whom you call , e-mail , and date ; and lots more . Some merely track your activity on their site as part of their regular business , to help them sell you stuff . This is true from Amazon to Zappos . Other corporations make shadowing you -- and keeping very detailed dossiers on you -- their main line of business . They sell this information to all comers . Just one such company , Choicepoint , has records on more than 220 million people . Most Americans probably know corporations are tracking them , but they may well be unaware of the latest ways corporations are carving up whatever remains of their privacy . Cell phone companies offer a service that allows lovers , ex-wives and ex-husbands , lawyers , or anyone else to find out where you are hanging out . We are accustomed to tracking tools like cookies , which are installed on your computer by websites you visit . Cookies are used to identify you and to remember your preferences . They make shopping easier , but they also give sites the power to spy on you . We have learned about devices that allow us to clear cookies from our computer , but corporations are installing "  supercookies " that are very difficult to detect , and if removed , can secretly reinstall themselves . You might think you can hide behind pseudonyms and use multiple cyber-mailboxes so trackers will be unable to profile you . However , some companies have developed software to match pseudonyms used on message boards and blogs with real names and personal e-mail addresses . The subjects of this tracking -- who are unaware that their anonymity has been stripped -- include people who use online pseudonyms to discuss sensitive topics , such as mental illness or medical conditions . Beyond tracking and surveillance , select corporations keep dossiers on any crimes you have committed , any divorces , political leanings , the gender and age of any children in the household , as well as interests in topics including religion , the Bible , gambling and adult entertainment . Privacy advocates have sharply objected to proposals for the government to employ "  deep packet inspection , " a powerful tool used to analyze the contents of data sent on the internet , to fight viruses and cybercrime . But now , private companies offer this service for a fee . If you think that what the private sector knows about you stays in the private sector , I have a bridge in Brooklyn I 'd like to sell you . In what must be the ultimate irony , the corporations not only do almost everything the federal government has been banned from doing since the 1974 Privacy Act -- as well as Congress ' 2003 termination of Total Information Awareness , a Pentagon surveillance program -- but they also make the stuff available to the government . For instance , Choicepoint has 35 contracts with government agencies , including the Department of Justice , and through it , the FBI , Drug Enforcement Administration , IRS and the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services . Your options are limited and not very appealing , to put it mildly . Some say , "  Get over it ; privacy is dead . " Or "  assume nothing is private anymore . " You might try to return to the olden days : Pay only with cash , smash your PC and GPS and cell phone , and wear a burqa . Or you may move to Europe , which has much stronger privacy protection laws than the U.S. but , as far as I can tell , often does not enforce them . Or : Take a deep breath and realize that the only one who can protect you is the Big Bad Wolf -- the federal government . It is the one that , since 2000 , has banned the selling of medical records , previously used by mortgage companies to call in loans of those who got cancer , or by employers in their hiring decisions . It is the government that required banks to keep your financial records private . And it is the government that is working to create new internet privacy laws and methods and a new office to enforce them . For example , the Federal Trade Commission has recommended a "  do not track " mechanism that would allow computer users to opt out of surveillance by companies . I grant you that long experience teaches us that the government itself must be watched . However , if you think that it is the main threat to your privacy these days , I humbly suggest that you think again . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Amitai Etzioni : Online privacy advocates fear government , but businesses are the real threat Etzioni : Corporations track what you buy , read , visit , drink ; whom you call , e-mail , date Some shadow you , keeping detailed dossiers on you , to sell the information , he writes Government protected medical and bank records , he says , and can help online privacy
CNN  -- The last minutes in the life of Steve Jobs were still filled by the epiphanies and moments of inspiration that fed his inventor 's mind , according to an intimate portrait provided by Jobs ' sister in a eulogy published Sunday in The New York Times . Mona Simpson 's eulogy -- originally read during Jobs ' memorial service on October 16 -- is a sister 's celebration of a brother she knew only later in life , and a lament of losing a best friend . It weaves in words what she believed were the foundations of Jobs ' genius : his humility and hard work , his love of learning and his family . "  I want to tell you a few things I learned from Steve , during three distinct periods , over the 27 years I knew him , " said Simpson in her eulogy . "  They 're not periods of years , but of states of being . His full life . His illness . His dying . " Simpson , a writer , and Jobs did not meet until they were adults . Their early family history was fragmented , but set the stage for what later became a deep-rooted friendship between two estranged siblings . After Jobs ' birth , his parents gave him up for adoption . Simpson was born later , and the parents subsequently divorced . The best tidbits from the new Steve Jobs biography One day , Simpson said in her eulogy , when she was living in New York and writing her first novel , a lawyer gave her a call to inform her that her "  long-lost brother " was rich and famous and wanted to contact her . "  The lawyer refused to tell me my brother 's name and my colleagues started a betting pool , " said Simpson . "  The leading candidate : John Travolta . I secretly hoped for a literary descendant of Henry James -- someone more talented than I , someone brilliant without trying , " she said . The man who came to meet her -- her brother -- was Steve Jobs . "  Even as a feminist , my whole life I 'd been waiting for a man to love , who could love me . For decades , I 'd thought that man would be my father . When I was 25 , I met that man and he was my brother , " Simpson said in the eulogy as published in the Times . When they first met , Simpson said , she told her brother she had considered buying a computer but had waited . "  Steve told me it was a good thing I 'd waited . He said he was going to make something that was going to be insanely beautiful , " she said . Jobs ' life was not always a smooth ride , his sister said in her eulogy . He skidded through volatile times with Apple executives and eventually was ousted from the company he had founded . "  When he got kicked out of Apple , things were painful . He told me about a dinner at which 500 Silicon Valley leaders met the then-sitting president . Steve had n't been invited , " said Simpson . "  He was hurt but he still went to work . ... Every single day , " she said . Jobs ' biographer talks to CNN 's Piers Morgan Simpson said Jobs was sentimental and he spent much time talking about love . He found a partner in life , Laurene Powell , whom he married in 1991 , his sister said . "  His abiding love for Laurene sustained him . He believed that love happened all the time , everywhere , " she wrote . When Jobs ' struggle with pancreatic cancer took a turn for the worse , he called his sister and asked her to hurry to his Palo Alto , California , home . His tone , Simpson said , was "  like someone whose luggage was already strapped onto the vehicle , who was already on the beginning of his journey , even as he was sorry , truly deeply sorry , to be leaving us . " Belief blog : Are we turning Steve Jobs into a saint ? Even as he struggled physically in his last hours , his sister said , "  there was also sweet Steve 's capacity for wonderment , the artist 's belief in the ideal , the still more beautiful later . " "  He was working at this , too . Death did n't happen to Steve , he achieved it . " With his family surrounding him , Simpson said , Jobs ' last words were : "  Oh wow . Oh wow . Oh wow . "	Steve Jobs and Mona Simpson did not meet until they were adults Jobs ' birth parents gave him up for adoption at birth ; his sister was born later Simpson : "  He said he was going to make something that was going to be insanely beautiful " Jobs last words : "  Oh wow . Oh wow . Oh wow . "
New York  CNN  -- The head of the International Monetary Fund is being questioned by police in connection with the alleged sexual assault Saturday of a Times Square hotel housekeeping employee , New York Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne told CNN . Port Authority of New York and New Jersey police pulled Dominique Strauss-Kahn off of an Air France flight destined for Paris at John F. Kennedy International Airport after the alleged incident , according to Browne . He was taken into custody and brought to a Manhattan police station for questioning , Browne said . Hours earlier , Browne said , Strauss-Kahn emerged naked when the 32-year-old hotel employee entered his room to clean it around 1 p.m. Saturday at the Hotel Sofitel . Browne said Strauss-Kahn tried to force himself on the woman , but she broke free and ran to the hotel 's front desk . Hotel staff alerted the New York Police Department . By the time officers arrived , Strauss-Kahn had already left , leaving his cell phone behind at the hotel , according to Browne . "  The alleged victim was taken to Roosevelt Hospital  in Manhattan  and was treated for minor injuries , " Browne said . Authorities then learned that the IMF managing director was on an outbound flight at Kennedy airport . New York police asked their counterparts at the Port Authority to hold the plane . Two plain-clothes Port Authority police detectives boarded the aircraft "  just before the door closed " on the flight , and found Strauss-Kahn , 62 , seated in first class , said a law enforcement official who had been briefed on the investigation . The IMF executive "  offered no resistance " when he was led off the plane , after which he was turned over to New York police , added the official . Since being detained , Strauss-Kahn has declined to answer questions from New York police investigators nor has he made a statement , Browne said . No charges have been filed yet in the alleged incident . John Sheehan , the hotel 's director of safety and security , said that Sofitel "  is fully cooperating with authorities . " "  We 're taking this matter extremely serious , as it 's developing , " Sheehan said . A former French finance minister , national legislator and economics professor in Paris , Strauss-Kahn became the IMF 's 10th-ever managing director in November 2007 . He is also chairman of the IMF 's executive board . While Strauss-Kahn had n't officially entered the race , recent French opinion polls showed him leading prospective Socialist Party presidential candidates . The surveys suggested that he also could pose a formidable challenge to incumbent French President Nicolas Sarkozy in the 2012 election . Since assuming his position at the IMF , Strauss-Kahn -- and the world body -- have been repeatedly thrust into the spotlight to deal with a host of crises tied to the recent recession . In the past several months , for instance , the IMF head has weighed in on recent uprisings in the Middle East and North Africa and a multibillion-dollar bailout for Ireland 's government . That institution , based in Washington , is widely seen as one of the most important in the world when it comes to addressing economic inequalities and crises . Strauss-Kahn became embroiled in controversy soon after joining the IMF , amid reports -- which he later acknowledged -- that he 'd had an improper relationship with a female employee . The physical relationship was consensual , an independent inquiry found . The world body 's executive board concluded in October 2008 that "  there was no harassment , favoritism or any other abuse of authority by the managing director . " "  Nevertheless , the executive board noted that the incident was regrettable and reflected a serious error of judgment on the part of the managing director , as he has acknowledged and for which he has apologized , " the IMF said in a statement at the time . Strauss-Kahn also issued a statement following the closing of the investigation , noting that he 'd "  apologized for it to the  board of directors  , to the staff of the IMF and to my family , " as well as "  the staff member . " "  I agree with the board that the personal behavior of the managing director sets an important tone for the institution and I am committed , going forward , to uphold the high standards that are expected of this position , " he said in the statement . CNN 's Miguel Susana and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Strauss-Kahn did well in polls of possible French presidential candidates No charges have been filed in the alleged incident Police say Strauss-Kahn was naked when he tried to forced himself on a N.Y. hotel employee The hotel employee escaped , and police took Strauss-Kahn off a Paris-bound flight
Washington  CNN  -- The Boston Herald and its cartoonist apologized Wednesday for a cartoon that quickly drew criticism on social media for being racist . A satire on the recent news that an intruder got farther into the White House last month than previously known , the cartoon depicts the intruder sitting in President Obama 's bathtub , asking him if he has tried the "  watermelon flavored toothpaste . " Critics quickly pounced on the watermelon aspect of the cartoon , arguing the cartoonist was playing off a stereotype that African Americans are particularly fond of the fruit . The cartoonist , Jerry Holbert , said on Boston Herald Radio the watermelon reference was inadvertent . He argued he was "  naive " about any racial undertones and "  was n't thinking along those lines at all . " Holbert said he used the watermelon flavor because he found "  kids Colgate watermelon flavor " toothpaste in his bathroom at home . "  I want to apologize to anyone I offended who was hurt by the cartoon , " Holbert said . "  It was certainly , absolutely , not my intention . " The Herald also issued an apology : "  His cartoon satirizing the U.S. Secret Service breach at the White House has offended some people and to them we apologize . His choice of imagery was absolutely not meant to be hurtful . We stand by Jerry , who is a veteran cartoonist with the utmost integrity . " A syndicated version of the cartoon uses the term "  raspberry " instead of watermelon . Holbert said the syndicate called him Tuesday night asking if they could change the flavor . Pressed Wednesday on whether Holbert should have called the Herald after his talk with the syndicate , Holbert said , "  I wish I had done that . "	The Boston Herald cartoon was published Wednesday . The cartoon depicts the White House intruder and President Obama . Critics say it plays off a stereotype about African Americans .
CNN  -- Last week Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas officially submitted the statehood request asking that the United Nations recognize "  Palestine " as an independent state . But while Abbas 's raising of the document during his speech drew applause at the General Assembly , the United States has already promised it will veto the Palestinian statehood bid at a Security Council meeting Monday . Why is this move happening now ? The Palestinian Authority leadership says they are making the request for statehood now for a few reasons . Firstly , they argue that over the course of the past two years the Palestinian Authority has made great progress in building the infrastructure necessary for maintaining a sovereign state . They point to the various improvements in governance , security , and physical infrastructure as indicators of their readiness . Palestinians also point to the September 2011 date that U.S. President Barack Obama laid out over a year ago as the deadline for the successful negotiation with Israel for a two-state solution . The Quartet of Middle East peace , made up of the U.N. , European Union , Russia , and the U.S. also set this month as the target date for a negotiated deal . With that deadline not having been met Palestinian leaders argue that that the best way to enhance the chances for peace moving forward is for international recognition of a Palestinian state . Who is agreeing with the Palestinians ' demand , and who is disagreeing ? In the 15-member Security Council , the one body that can confer full U.N. membership , the Palestinians enjoy the support of a majority of the countries . But the United States , which as one of the five permanent members holds veto power , has pledged it will vote down the statehood bid , ending the Palestinians ' chance to win full membership . In the General Assembly , where a vote would be non-binding , the Palestinians enjoy the support of more than 120 of the 193 members and passage of a statehood resolution would be all but assured . Why do the U.S. and Israel oppose the call ? Both the U.S. and Israel consider the Palestinian strategy a unilateral move that will only hinder the possibility of reaching a peaceful settlement to the Middle East conflict . U.N. action , both countries argue , does not take the place of direct negotiations . Speaking recently to reporters , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said : "  We believe strongly that the road to peace and two states living side by side does not go through New York , it goes through Jerusalem and Ramallah . " Israel calls for peace talks amid Palestinian statehood push Surely , if the U.S and Israel do n't agree then it wo n't mean any difference on the ground ? Without the acknowledgement of Israel and the U.S. , United Nations recognition of a Palestinian state based on armistice lines that existed before 1967 is largely a symbolic move . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has rejected these lines as the basis for a Palestinian state , calling them "  indefensible . " Therefore the borders , airspace , and movement of people in a new "  Palestine " would continue to be controlled by the Israeli military and it would be unlikely to change the presence of about 300,000 Israeli settlers in the West Bank . If a Palestinian state is recognized , what could that mean for relations/negotiations with Israel ? Many believe recognition of a Palestinian state would exacerbate already poor relations between the Palestinian Authority government and Israel . Some politicians in Israel have called for unilateral responses to the Palestinian bid including the outright annexation of territory in the West Bank , the withholding of tax revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians , and the cancellation of various parts of the 1993 Oslo accords that created the Palestinian Authority . Potential moves like this and what some believe could be a rising level of Palestinian frustration at unmet expectations could add a great deal of tension on the ground and contribute to the possibility of an outbreak of violence . Palestinian Authority leadership maintains that recognition would help put pressure on Israel to be more reasonable in future negotiations . Is there risk in this move for the Palestinian Authority ? Beyond the potential response from Israel , the Palestinian bid at the U.N. is risky . The U.S. is opposed to the move and lawmakers in congress have threatened to pull the plug on hundreds of millions of dollars in annual American aid . Others say the move will unrealistically raise expectations of Palestinians and , if little actually changes on the ground , could contribute to regional tensions . The Palestinian Authority could also risk losing support from its own people . The Hamas political faction , which controls Gaza , does not support the U.N. strategy and there are concerns among the Palestinian refugees in the region that the statehood bid could compromise their "  right of return " to their homeland . Would U.N. recognition give the Palestinians anything substantive ? Recognition by the United Nations could potentially give Palestinians greater access to international bodies like the International Criminal Court and the Human Rights Council . Venues like these could serve as a place for Palestinians to file legal challenges to Israeli practices and exert more international pressure on Israel . What 's the current state of negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians ? Currently there are no talks going on between Israeli and Palestinians . Talks fell apart a year ago over disagreements on the issue of Israeli West Bank settlements . Coming off a self-imposed 10-month halt in settlement construction , Israel said it would not renew the freeze . This led the Palestinians to quit the negotiations . In an effort to head off the Palestinian 's statehood request at the U.N. the United States and various European countries have been engaged in 11th hour diplomacy to get the talks restarted but few expect a breakthrough deal .	Palestinians request U.N. recognition of "  Palestine " as new member state U.S. holds veto power , has pledged to vote down statehood bid Israeli PM has rejected pre-1967 border lines as basis for Palestinian state Many believe move may worsen relations between Palestinian Authority and Israel
San Clemente , California  CNN  -- Dana Cummings survived two tours of combat duty as a Marine in the first Gulf War without injury . But 10 years later , he lost a leg in a car crash . A divorced father of three , Cummings said he was abandoned by his girlfriend and denied physical rehabilitation by his insurance . Realizing he needed to be strong for himself and his children , he began an intense workout regimen in the hospital -- then found his own brand of rehab in an unlikely place : a surfboard . "  I wanted to prove that I was whole , and one of the ways to do that was to learn to surf , " Cummings said . "  When you become disabled , you feel trapped . And when I felt the first breath of freedom , of riding that wave , I was like , ` This is so good , so inspiring . ' I wanted to share that feeling that I had with others . " In 2003 , he helped create the Association of Amputee Surfers , or AmpSurf . The nonprofit , volunteer-run organization is dedicated to teaching people with disabilities , most of them veterans , how to surf -- for free . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes "  We want to inspire them to move on and just be active and live full lives , " said Cummings , 40 . "  We want them to walk away with that empowerment , that self-confidence that they can do whatever they set their mind to . " Cummings co-founded AmpSurf with his prosthetist and two other amputees , including Rodney Roller , the man who taught Cummings how to surf . Since 2008 , Cummings has been running the organization . AmpSurf is open to anyone with any disability , including spinal cord injuries , blindness , post-traumatic stress disorder and autism . Seventy percent of participants are veterans . The group holds one clinic per month at a beach on the California coast . Participants are provided with food , surfboards , wetsuits , sunscreen and towels . They 're paired with one or more volunteers or instructors based on their ability to surf , as well as by disability . Before they get into the water , they receive "  dry land " instruction on how to get up on the board . But the clinics are n't just about surfing , Cummings said . "  We bring people together to feed off each other and swap stories about what they 're going through , " he said . "  For me , this was the biggest mental rehab I could have ever had . " Anthony Davis is one vet who 's benefited from the program . A retired Navy rescue swimmer , Davis , 28 , was paralyzed from the waist down as a result of a car accident . "  I remember waking up in the VA hospital in Seattle and not being able to move my legs , " he said . Doctors told Davis he had a 99 percent chance of never walking again and a 60 percent chance he 'd never get out of his wheelchair . But Davis ignored the statistics and was soon standing -- with Cummings ' assistance -- on a surfboard . "  Surfing makes me feel like I 'm flying , " Davis said . "  I feel like I do n't need my legs . It changed my life by making me feel a lot stronger and more confident . " A year later , Davis taught himself how to walk again and attends as many AmpSurf clinics as possible . He also continues to inspire those around him , including Cummings . "  I 'm missing my leg and there are days I do n't want to get out of bed , " Cummings said . "  But I ca n't imagine being told you 'll never walk again , and then having the strength and internal drive to actually do it . Anthony 's amazing . " More than 300 people have taken part in AmpSurf clinics , including Brian Ruhe , 35 , who lost both legs above the knee when he was 18 . "  A lot of us have amputations or some sort of paraplegia , quadriplegia , are stuck in wheelchairs or stuck to their device , and just to be part of nature , to be free to move with the water , it 's a freeing experience , " Ruhe said . Each year , AmpSurf sponsors a group of disabled veterans and non-vets in Operation Restoration , a weeklong clinic that offers surfing and other sporting events . Funding for all of AmpSurf 's activities comes from individual donations and local businesses . For Cummings , AmpSurf will always be about more than just surfing ; it 's about happiness , not just for the participants , but for him and his volunteers . "  I always tell the volunteers , ` You 're going to get 10 times more out of this than the person you help today , because everybody feeds off each other . You ca n't help but be happy , ' " he said . "  None of us get paid , but we come back month after month , year after year , because it feels good to give back and to help somebody . " Want to get involved ? Check out the AmpSurf website and see how to help .	Marine veteran of first Gulf War lost leg in car accident 10 years later Denied rehab by insurance , he created his own regimen -- on a surfboard In 2003 , he helped create a group that teaches people with disabilities how to surf More than 300 people have taken part in AmpSurf 's free clinics
SAN ANGELO , Texas  CNN  -- The Texas branch of the American Civil Liberties Union said it was concerned that the basic rights of the children and mothers connected to a Texas polygamist ranch were violated during a recent raid and custody hearing . At the hearing Friday , Judge Barbara Walther ordered 416 children connected to the YFZ  Yearning For Zion  ranch kept in state custody . Walther made her ruling after two days of testimony at the hearing , which was aimed at determining whether child welfare authorities properly removed the children from the sect 's Texas ranch . The judge said she found sufficient evidence for Texas Child Protective Services to retain custody of the children . The ACLU said it had a representative at the court hearing and the organization was concerned about human rights violations . "  While we acknowledge that Judge Walther 's task may be unprecedented in Texas judicial history , we question whether the current proceedings adequately protect the fundamental rights of the mothers and children , " Terri Burke , executive director of the ACLU of Texas , said in a written statement . "  As this situation continues to unfold , we are concerned that the constitutional rights that all Americans rely upon and cherish -- that we are secure in our homes , that we may worship as we please and hold our places of worship sacred , and that we may be with our children absent evidence of imminent danger -- have been threatened , " Burke said . The group 's courtroom observer , Lisa Graybill , added : "  We recognize that this balancing act is difficult , but we are concerned that government may not be complying with the Constitution or the laws of Texas in the execution of its mandate , from how the raids were conducted to whether the current process protects basic rights . " The ACLU statement did not list any specific instances of human rights or constitutional violations , and ACLU representatives did not immediately return calls seeking comment . Child Protective Services spokeswoman Marleigh Meisner said her department is in the process of finding "  temporary placement " for all the children . "  What we did was warranted and in the best interest of the children , " she said . "  This is not about religion -- this is about keeping children safe from abuse . " The hearing stems from an April 4 raid of the ranch , which authorities said was triggered by phone calls in late March from a 16-year-old officials referred to as Sarah . The caller said she had been beaten and forced to become a man 's "  spiritual " wife . On Thursday , child protection supervisor Angie Voss testified that she and other investigators encountered several pregnant teenagers at the YFZ ranch , which is in Eldorado , Texas , about 40 miles outside San Angelo . The girls called each other "  sister wives , " Voss said , and believed it was acceptable to be "  spiritually united " with a man at any age . "  It was the belief that no age was too young to be married , " she said . Members of the ranch have denied the girl , supposedly named Sarah Jessop Barlow , exists , and authorities have yet to find the caller . However , Texas Rangers are pursuing a Colorado woman as a "  person of interest " regarding the phone calls that touched off the raid . Authorities on Friday said a search of Rozita Swinton 's home in Colorado Springs resulted in evidence that possibly links her to phone calls made about the YFZ ranch . Swinton , 33 , has been charged in Colorado with false reporting to authorities , but police said that the arrest was not directly related to the Texas case . E-mail to a friend	American Civil Liberties Union : Children 's fundamental rights may have been violated ACLU statement did not give specific instances of human rights violations Judge ordered 416 children from polygamist ranch kept in state custody
Santa Monica , California  CNN  -- The clerks at Apple 's store on Santa Monica 's Third Street Promenade are well-trained . When asked recently by a reporter about a new Apple Store rumored to be opening down the street , one worker said he did n't know about it , and even if he did , he could n't say . He did point out that someone is building a store with a glass roof that looks a lot like some other Apple stores . Another employee smiled , looked away and said he did n't know anything . But according to a person familiar with the plans who is bound by a nondisclosure agreement , Apple has already begun work on such a store in Santa Monica . Like the Peter Bohlin-designed Apple Store on New York 's Upper West Side , it will have a tall , striking glass storefront , the person said . And like an upcoming store in a suburban Seattle mall , the new store will open next year a short walk away from a smaller one , which will close . For this development in the beach town near Los Angeles , Apple has gone to extremes to ensure secrecy . The behavior has perplexed and infuriated city officials who are unclear why Apple would feel the need to hide a new store when it already has one a couple of blocks away . The Santa Monica store episode also illustrates Apple 's unusually covert way of doing business . Interviews with almost two dozen people familiar with Apple Store negotiations say the Cupertino , California , company sometimes employs uncommon legal tactics , refuses to name itself in public documents and hearings , and has sworn city government officials to secrecy . An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment . ` Nobody would talk ' Howard Robinson , the real estate developer who has represented Apple at Santa Monica city meetings , has carefully avoided mentioning Apple by name . When reached by phone late one day in September , he declined to comment on the project , citing a confidentiality agreement with the company . Apple , which recently began construction on the site , has managed to skate through most of the city 's stringent public reviews . In the first , Santa Monica 's Planning Commission employed an unusual measure at an August 17 meeting . The only development proposal on the agenda that night involved tearing down the former site of a three-story Borders bookstore in the city 's prized outdoor shopping district and constructing a 75-foot edifice that would require a special permit . Instead of discussing and then voting on the project , as is usually the case , officials placed it on the consent calendar , which allows the commission members to vote on it immediately without input from residents in the audience . From proposal to unanimous approval , the entire process took 30 seconds , an archived video from the meeting shows . "  Nobody would talk about the fact that it was Apple , " said Peggy Clifford , who has covered the public meetings for her Santa Monica Dispatch blog . "  They really did n't want to have to say anything about it . " Even Tony Kim , the city planner who was assigned to and recommended the approval of the project , declined to name the incoming tenant . "  I 've been asked not to divulge that information , " Kim said in an interview . "  I really ca n't say . I want to respect the applicant 's wishes . " Several aspects of his dealings with the company for the new store were out of the ordinary , he said . Still , he favored having the new store . "  It was a project that has met code , and it was , we thought , a well-done project that did n't have any significant issues , " Kim said . "  It fit in with the neighborhood , and it was compatible in our opinion . " Michael Folonis , chairman of Santa Monica 's Architectural Review Board , does not agree with Kim 's assessment . "  It 's a one-liner , " Folonis said in an interview . "  There 's nothing about it to me as an architect that holds my interest at all , and from an environmental point of view , I think it 's irresponsible . " The September 19 meeting Apple 's team presented the new store to the board of architects on September 19 . According to an audio recording of the meeting , Robinson , the developer , said he was "  representing a retail user who prefers to remain unbranded at this time . " Folonis said he was offended that the documents related to the project were submitted after the meeting had started , and were incomplete . The other board members agreed , and Folonis suggested they vote to delay the process , giving Apple more time to submit a complete report . Folonis and another member , John Ellis , raised concerns about the building 's sustainability . Glass structures might work in New York , in the shadows of tall buildings , but how would they fare under direct California sun ? "  When I 'm in these stores , " Ellis began , paused and then whispered , "  You know , I mean , the Apple stores , they sometimes can get hot because there are so many people . " Later that night , Ellis said : "  That 's a little kind of irritating that we ca n't say its name , but so , that makes it seem veiled in some sort of mystery to me . " The architectural board voted unanimously to delay the project . But six minutes later , as the board was preparing to adjourn , the Apple team returned and requested that the board vote again . "  They want us to vote on it ? " asked Lynn Robb , the board 's vice chairwoman . "  Um , " Folonis stammered , "  do we have a precedent for this ? " Apple 's developer was allowed again to plead his case . Issues of sustainability and environmental impact are outside of the Architectural Review Board 's purview , and therefore , should not be factored into the reasoning for the vote , he said . "  I 'm sorry , but I feel you guys were off on a tangent there , " Robinson said . "  We asked you to look at the design aspects of this building . " Robinson addressed the question of how green the building would be by saying , "  This company has a proven track record in sustainability . They have many , many programs . They 've been well-known for it around the world . " Robb retorted that it was disingenuous of Robinson to tout Apple 's environmental record without ever saying the name of the company . "  Is it worth stepping back and being more critical of who they are and what they 're making ? " Robb said later in an interview with CNN . "  Are there things we 're not seeing because it 's so beautiful ? Or because we love Apple so much ? " Yet , when it came time to vote for the second time that night , Robb gave her nod to the project . So did other board members who praised the store 's conceptual design . "  It 's going to be the most amazing , you know , most interesting building on the Promenade , probably by far , " Ellis said . "  I have seen other ones of these built , and I 'm glad that we 're going to get this new version here in Santa Monica soon , hopefully soon . " Of the five board members present at the meeting on September 19 , Folonis was the only one to vote against the proposal . It was only the second time he had voted "  no " in his seven-year tenure , he said . As the stunned board members ended the meeting after passing Apple 's project , Folonis could be heard mumbling , "  Coming back in here and manipulating us . " Apple 's perceived arrogance In interviews , Robb described Apple as arrogant , its store architecture as temple-like and its demands for secrecy as odd . Folonis described the secrecy aspect as silly and childish , and the company 's attitude as overly confident . Concerns over Apple 's perceived arrogance have been a topic of conversation among the company 's board members , including Art Levinson and Al Gore , according to accounts in the new "  Steve Jobs " biography of the late Apple co-founder by Walter Isaacson . "  I 'm not worried about that , " the book quotes Jobs as saying , "  because we 're not arrogant . " Whatever the motivation , Apple 's behind-the-curtain strategies have been working . Getting approval for a retail development in Santa Monica , especially on the Promenade , is notoriously difficult and slow-moving , said a person familiar with the process who requested anonymity to protect his relationship with the city . "  Somehow this thing is being approved very quickly , " said Arthur Pearlman , a commercial real estate exec who lives in Santa Monica but has not done business with the city . "  Something is going on there that does n't sound right . " Apple 's contentious retail project was finally challenged on October 20 . Daniel Jansenson , an architect in Santa Monica , filed an appeal with the city 's Planning Commission . "  Obviously someone is in a big hurry to get this approved , " Jansenson said in an interview . "  There just was not sufficient information provided . " At a hearing , Jansenson and Folonis argued the new store should have to defer to thorough public scrutiny and play by the same rules that apply to every other developer in the city . One resident , apparently frustrated with all of the secrecy , approached the microphone for no other reason than to address the elephant in the room . "  We all know what 's going to be there , " said Jerry Rubin with a dramatic pause . "  An Apple Store . " Rubin 's prediction appears to be coming true . The appeal failed , and Apple is not expected to face any more procedural hurdles in Santa Monica that could slow the store 's development . For Apple , the quietest path often leads to victory .	Apple is opening a new retail store next year in Santa Monica , California , sources say Apple and its contractors have declined to say whether the store is coming Sources : Apple rushed the store through the city approval process anonymously Real estate executive : "  Something is going on there that does n't sound right "
CNN  -- It 's famous for its rich cultural history , a waltz and Wiener schnitzel . And for the third year in a row , Vienna , Austria , can also boast the highest quality of living in the world . According to the Mercer 2011 Quality of Living survey , Vienna beat 220 other cities to earn the distinction . Zurich , Switzerland , ranked second , followed by Auckland , New Zealand . Vancouver , Canada  No. 5  topped cities in the Americas ; Dubai , United Arab Emirates  No. 74  is ranked the best city in the Middle East and Africa ; and Singapore  No. 25  beat all other Asian cities surveyed . Baghdad ranked last , under Bangui , Central African Republic ; N'Djamena , Chad ; and Port-au-Prince , Haiti . Mercer scored the cities based on 39 criteria , including relationships with other countries , traffic congestion , schools , climate , recreational activities , internal stability and economic factors . More than half of the top 25 cities are in Europe . "  European cities in general continue to have high standards of living because they enjoy advanced and modern city infrastructures combined with high-class medical , recreational and leisure facilities , " said Slagin Parakatil , senior researcher at Mercer . "  But economic turmoil , high levels of unemployment and lack of confidence in political institutions make their future positions hard to predict . " The three top-ranking U.S. cities are Honolulu  No. 29  , San Francisco  No. 30  and Boston  No. 36  . Mercer 's survey is intended to help governments and international companies compensate employees working abroad . The cities were also ranked by personal safety , based on crime , the effectiveness of law enforcement and other factors . Luxembourg City ranked highest in personal safety . Three cities tied for second place : Bern , Switzerland ; Helsinki , Finland ; and Zurich . Baghdad also sits at the bottom of the personal safety list , just under N'Djamena , Chad  No. 220  ; Abidjan , Cote d'Ivoire  No. 219  ; and Bangui , Central African Republic  No. 218  . "  The top-ranking cities for personal safety and security are in politically stable countries with good international relations and relatively sustainable economic growth , " Parakatil said . "  Most of the low-scoring cities are in countries with civil unrest , high crime levels and little law enforcement . " No U.S. city made the top 50 list for personal safety .	Survey : Vienna , Zurich and Auckland have the highest quality of living Luxembourg City scores highest in personal safety Baghdad ranks last out of 221 cities for both quality of living and personal safety Honolulu , San Francisco and Boston are the top-ranked U.S. cities for quality of living
The dark claim on the day Hugo Chavez died took many by surprise . Someone , Venezuelan government officials said , may have deliberately infected him with cancer . Critics dismissed the accusation -- first floated by then-Vice President Nicolas Maduro on March 5 -- as an eleventh-hour attempt to distract Venezuelans and drum up popular support as leaders prepared to announce Chavez 's death . But Maduro revived the issue this week , announcing that planning was in the works for a commission of "  the world 's best scientists " to investigate whether Chavez had been poisoned . Chavez gone , but far from forgotten as Venezuelan presidential campaigns start In an interview with the Telesur network hours after he registered to run for president Monday , Maduro implied that the United States could have been behind such an attack on Chavez -- an accusation that the State Department has denied . "  We have this intuition that our commander Chavez was poisoned by dark forces that wanted to be rid of him , " said Maduro , who was sworn in as Venezuela 's interim president on Friday . In the 1940s and 1950s , the United States and other countries had "  scientific laboratories testing how to cause cancer , " Maduro said . "  Seventy years have passed . These kinds of laboratories of evil and death have not advanced ? " Maduro stressed that he was not accusing the United States . "  I am just saying something that is a truth , that is known , " he said . But his recent comments have drawn sharp responses from the U.S. government . Venezuela : Will ` Chavismo ' survive ? "  An assertion that the United States was somehow involved in causing President Chavez 's illness is absurd , and we definitively reject it , " State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said last week . It is n't the first time that a Venezuelan government official has implied that a plot could be behind Chavez 's cancer . Chavez made the assertion himself in 2011 , saying at a military event in Caracas that he wondered whether the United States could be infecting Latin American leaders with the illness . Chavez cited the revelation that between 1946 and 1948 , the United States had carried out human experiments in Guatemala where subjects were exposed to sexually transmitted diseases . The U.S. government apologized for those experiments in 2010 . "  Would it be strange if  the United States  had developed a technology to induce cancer , " he asked , "  and for no one to know it ? " Maduro announced on March 5 that Chavez had died . The news came nearly two years after Chavez had revealed his cancer diagnosis in June 2011 . While government announcements of Chavez 's trips to Cuba for treatment were common , officials never revealed details about his prognosis or specified what kind of cancer he had . Maduro has remained tight-lipped , even while telling Telesur that details about Chavez 's illness make officials "  almost certain " that there was foul play . "  We are almost certain based on the data we have , " Maduro said . "  He had an illness , a cancer that will be known in time , that broke with all the typical characteristics of this illness . " Dr. Elmer Huerta , an oncologist and past president of the American Cancer Society , told CNN en Español Tuesday that assertions that injections or poisons could have caused Chavez 's cancer have "  absolutely no scientific substance . " "  Science can not sustain this hypothesis , " Huerta said . Any scientific investigation into Chavez 's death , Huerta said , could be complicated by the fact that Chavez 's body has already been embalmed so that it can be placed on display in a Caracas museum . "  If they want to investigate ... they should have already taken all the tissue samples , " he said . It 's unlikely the scientific commission Maduro spoke of this week will ever be formed , according to Fernando Gerbasi , a Venezuelan analyst and former diplomat . "  This is political speculation , " he told CNN en Español . "  They have wanted to use to the maximum Chavez 's death for political purposes . " Making the poor count -- a Hugo Chavez legacy	Doctor : There is "  no scientific substance " to claims that Chavez was deliberately infected President Maduro says he will invite "  the world 's best scientists " to study Chavez 's illness The interim leader says he suspects Chavez "  was poisoned by dark forces " The State Department denies accusations of U.S. involvement , calling them "  absurd "
CNN  -- Sad . Helpless . Shaken . That 's how Morgan Pace felt as she drove past a large plume of smoke near her home in Monument , Colorado , which is about 20 miles north of Colorado Springs . It was n't an isolated fire , but a large and growing conflagration that has spurred thousands to flee their homes . "  It was just surreal , " said Pace , a CNN iReporter . Fear and anxiety were common Wednesday in much of central Colorado thanks not just to one , but two major wildfires that have threatened lives and property . Pace , a 38-year-old mother of four , is among tens of thousands affected directly and indirectly by the Black Forest Fire . So , too , is Lisa Aggarwal . After a sleepless night , she packed up and left her Colorado Springs home on Wednesday -- a hot and blue sky day , except for the looming smoke -- along with her three young children . "  My family is scared and just trying to remain calm , " Aggarwal , another iReporter , said Wednesday . As of Wednesday afternoon , the Black Forest Fire had spread to 8,500 acres -- none of which were considered "  contained " -- according to the Colorado Office of Emergency Management . "  We have some very unpredictable conditions , " El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa said at an early media briefing . "  Priorities are saving lives  including  protecting first responders and firefighters . " At an afternoon update , he said the winds had shifted and moved the fire in two directions . He anticipated the fire would continue to grow by 3,000 acres . Mandatory evacuation orders , which extended over a 55-square-mile area , affected about 9,000 people in more than 3,400 households . Thankfully , as of Wednesday afternoon , there were no reports of casualties , but one person might be missing , Maketa said . Still , at least 92 structures were labeled as lost . Alicia Welch had two reasons to worry : Her son was out at a day camp before the flames forced them to head home , and her husband was still out hiking in another endangered area with Boy Scouts . "  He said that a lot of the boys , the Scouts he knew what was going on . The leaders care about their families and what 's going on at home , " Welch told CNN , her comments cut off as she broke down for a moment , overwhelmed with emotion . The Royal Gorge Fire , meanwhile , is burning on the other side of Colorado Springs , about 55 miles to the southwest . Authorities downgraded the number of acres burned from 3,800 to 3,100 late Wednesday . It was less than half the size of the Black Forest Fire . But it likewise was 0 % contained and had damaged at least three structures , the state office of emergency management reported . It triggered the precautionary evacuation of some 905 inmates from the Centennial Correctional Facility , located in Canon City , between midnight and 9 a.m. Wednesday . Most of the inmates are "  special needs " -- meaning they receive medical treatment -- said state corrections department spokeswoman Alison Morgan . The famous Royal Gorge Bridge that spans the Arkansas River is still intact but needs to be inspected before it can reopen for tourists , a spokeswoman for the Royal Gorge Bridge and Park said . The suspension bridge , which is 956 feet above the river and among the highest in the world , is made of more than 1,000 wooden planks . "  We did not know until today whether the bridge was still standing , " Peggy Gair said . Gair says fire at the park burned a visitor 's center , a tramway building , a carousel and several restaurants . Are you there ? Send an iReport There were other fires in the state as well , including in Grand and Huerfano Counties . Statewide , officials warned that such blazes have proven tough to handle due to a combination of factors . "  Fire severity is extreme as reported in multiple areas , " the state office of emergency management said , "  and fires are escaping initial attack , as evident by the number of large fires . " CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Ed Payne , Dave Alsup , Steve Almasy and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : One of the highest bridges in world still standing , park spokeswoman says Evacuation orders issued for about 9,000 people over 55 square miles "  My family is scared and trying to remain calm , " a Colorado mother says The Royal Gorge Fire southwest of Colorado Springs also is n't contained
Boston  CNN  -- They were partners-in-crime for more than two decades : Reputed mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger and his henchman , Stephen "  The Rifleman " Flemmi . In the course of three days on the witness stand in Bulger 's federal trial , Flemmi has described in great detail the murders he says he witnessed Bulger commit and he has portrayed himself as a lackey following orders and getting rid of physical evidence -- pulling victims ' teeth to avoid identification and disposing of bodies . On Tuesday , Bulger 's lawyer , Hank Brennan , tried to reverse the image and portray Flemmi as a man who knew how to kill people independently of Bulger . He focused in on Flemmi 's common-law stepdaughter Deborah Hussey . Not only did Flemmi molest her when she was 17  an act Flemmi maintains happened twice and was consensual  , he also lured her to her death at age 26 after first taking her shopping . "  That murder could have been prevented by one word from Bulger , " Flemmi said . "  All he had to say was p-a-s-s , pass . I would have been happy . " Flemmi testified he watched and did nothing as Bulger strangled the troubled girl with his bare hands . After she was dead Flemmi removed her beige sweater , pulled-out her teeth as he had done with other victims to thwart identification of bodies , and then buried her in a basement floor , he testified . Juror weeps as witness in Bulger trial details strangling death of woman "  You murdered your stepdaughter , " Brennan charged . "  In the eyes of the law , yes , " Flemmi responded , "  but physically no . " Bulger 's lawyer then continued to portray Flemmi as a pedophile , whose actions contributed to his stepdaughter 's drug addiction . Flemmi became unnerved , pointing at Bulger who sat just eight feet away , snapping , "  You want to talk about pedophilia , right over there at that table . " He then referenced a trip Bulger made to Mexico with a 16-year-old-girlfriend . Lawyers for Bulger , who is charged with 19 murders , extortion and racketeering , also questioned Flemmi about the murder of Flemmi 's girlfriend , Debbie Davis . Flemmi said in earlier testimony that Bulger strangled the 26-year-old beauty because she knew the name of a rogue FBI agent who had recruited Bulger and Flemmi to work as informants . "  In Bulger 's eyes that was a serious offense , " Flemmi testified . It 's ` Whitey ' vs. ` The Rifleman ' as Bulger defense goes for top prosecution Brennan asked about dinner meetings Flemmi had with Connolly at Flemmi 's parents ' home and wondered why they were n't killed . Flemmi called the question "  ridiculous " and said , "  All my mother knew was how to cook and she was a very good cook . She did n't know John Connolly from a hole in the wall . " Bulger 's lawyer pointed out Davis was murdered after Flemmi learned she was involved with another man . And he tried pointing out inconsistencies in Flemmi 's prior testimony about exactly where the woman died in the house she had been lured to , upstairs or after Flemmi and Bulger carried her to the basement . Shot by shot testimony makes jurors squirm "  I 'm not a doctor . She looked dead to me . She felt dead . She was dead , " said Flemmi , who testified earlier that Bulger strangled Davis upstairs . He also said her death was "  such a distasteful act , it 's a guilt trip I 've been on all these years . " In an attempt to show Flemmi was his own man , Brennan led Flemmi through a series of murders and crimes he committed before he met Bulger . Flemmi contended as part of a criminal gang , he could n't back out or say ` No ' once the gang had made a decision . "  You do n't understand the underworld at all , " Flemmi hissed at Bulger 's lawyer . "  You do n't know nothing . That 's the real world . That 's the world I was involved in . " The trial resumes Wednesday with Flemmi still on the stand . Read more : Man who 'd been set to testify against Bulger found dead	Stephen "  The Rifleman " Flemmi was "  Whitey " Bulger 's partner and henchman Flemmi is now a star prosecution witness in Bulger 's federal trial on murder and other charges Bulger 's lawyer grills Flemmi on killings , Flemmi 's admission he molested his stepdaughter The stepdaughter subsequently was killed by Bulger ; Flemmi says he did nothing
CNN  -- The secret election to pick a new pope has yet to begin . But whoever is picked may already be mulling over his choice of name -- and what it means . In the long history of popes , stretching back two millennia to St. Peter , some names have picked up negative associations , while others have come to signify conservatism or a desire for change . So what the new pontiff chooses may be one of the first clues to the course he intends to steer for the world 's 1.2 billion Roman Catholics . For example , Pius XII , who served from 1939 to 1958 , was very conservative , said eminent Italian church historian Alberto Melloni . "  If the new pope was to call himself Pius XIII , it would be a very ideological choice , " he said . On the other side of the coin , a new pope that named himself John XXIV would be signaling an openness to reform . John XXIII was famed for calling the Second Vatican Council in 1962 , which ushered in great changes in the Roman Catholic Church 's relationship with the modern world . He was brave to pick the name John at all , says Melloni , since the last man to hold the name is viewed as an "  antipope " because he was elected pontiff during a schism in the church in the 15th Century . John XXIII got away with it because he said it was in deference to his parish saint , John the Baptist , Melloni said . Benedict XVI , who gets to keep his name in rather than reverting to Joseph Ratzinger in his unprecedented position as pope emeritus , meant his choice to be unifying . In his first general audience after taking office in 2005 , he told the crowds gathered in St. Peter 's Square that he wished to follow in the steps of Benedict XV , who led the church through the turbulent years of the First World War . "  He was a true and courageous prophet of peace who struggled strenuously and bravely , first to avoid the drama of war and then to limit its terrible consequences , " Benedict XVI said . "  In his footsteps I place my ministry , in the service of reconciliation and harmony between peoples . " The choice also evoked St. Benedict , founder of the Benedictine order of monks , who helped spread Christianity throughout Europe and was particularly venerated in Ratzinger 's homeland , Germany . For the early popes , the choice of a name was n't an issue . It was n't until the end of the 10th Century that the head of the church started taking a different name to the one he was born with , said Melloni . But since then only one , Adrian VI in the 16th Century , has kept his baptismal name . Some were monks from countries other than Italy who wanted to create a link through their names to the great saints of Rome . This was the start of the long list of popes named Leo , Gregory and Benedict , said Melloni . In fact , he added , the practice can be seen as typical of a dynasty without sons and daughters -- creating a sense of succession and a link to the earliest names in the church . In the 20th Century , John Paul I was the first to create a composite name , in tribute to the two popes who had led the church through the Second Vatican Council , which closed under Paul VI following John XXIII 's death . He died barely more than a month later , putting him among the shortest-lived of popes . John Paul II , born Karol Wojtyla in Poland -- making him the first non-Italian pope since the 16th Century -- in turn wanted to show homage to that brief pontificate through carrying on the name , said Melloni . As the 115 cardinal-electors prepare to meet in the conclave , for the secret election to pick a new pope almost certainly from within their number , the sense of intrigue will only grow . "  What you may find in the next few days will be the tendency not to try to guess who will be elected and and what name he will take , but to try to define the kind of pope they may hope for , " said Melloni . "  There is a very conservative party within the cardinals who are hoping for Pius XIII or Benedict XVII , " he said . Others look to someone like Archbishop Luis Antonio Tagle , of Manila , as a possible John Paul III , he said , while some of the Italians who want to see the papacy returned to one of their number talk about Paul VII . In any case , any cardinal who 's in with a shot of the papacy would do well to do his homework . Whoever first gains the two-thirds plus one share of the vote and is named pope wo n't have long to think about it . Once all the votes are counted , the dean of the College of Cardinals will ask the newly elected head of the church on the spot if he accepts the role and what he wants to be called . While we wait to hear , we can be sure of only one thing , according to Melloni : the new pope wo n't be called Peter . This is out of respect for the first St. Peter , the Apostle -- but perhaps also reflects a centuries ' old prophecy that a Peter II will be the very last pope to serve . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	The name chosen by the new pope could signal his outlook for the papacy Past names can carry a message of conservatism or openness to reform Benedict XVI meant his choice of name to be unifying No pope is likely to pick Peter -- in part because of a centuries ' old prophecy
A bourbon heist at a high-end Kentucky distillery has left tongues wagging in elite whiskey circles and some small-town cops wondering whodunit . The Buffalo Trace Distillery in Frankfort noticed this week that it was missing some of its 20-year-old Pappy Van Winkle , one of the rarest and most sought after bourbons in the world . "  It 's highly coveted , " said Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton , the man leading the investigation . "  It 's the best of the best . " Melton said the distillery called him on Tuesday to report that 65 cases , or 195 bottles , of the high-end hard stuff were unaccounted for . Nine cases of Pappy Van Winkle rye were also missing . "  We believe whoever did this took them out the back from the secured area over a period of two months " Melton said . "  Obviously , the way this happened , it 's indicative of an inside job . " Buffalo Trace did not respond to requests for comment , but Melton said the distillery employs about 50 people and operates two shifts . Just how coveted is Pappy Van Winkle ? While the listed retail price is $ 130 per bottle , the bourbon is so rare that consumers usually end up paying much more to get a bottle , if they can find one , said Tom Fischer of bourbonblog.com . "  There is a lot of mystery around how to even get one , " he said . One place to get one is online retailer dukeofbourbon.com , where a bottle of 20-year-old Pappy Van Winkle costs $ 1,199 . "  It 's the pinnacle of bourbon , " gushed Fischer . "  If you 're around a bottle , it 's a special occasion . " Melton said officials are in the early stages of the investigation , and will be on the lookout for any bottles popping up on the black market . But the thief might not be in any rush , Fischer said . "  If you keep bourbon in the right conditions , it will be good forever . " "  You have to wonder what 's going to happen to the 195 stolen bottles , " said Kit Codik , CEO of the all-things cocktail website Liquor.com . "  It 's like when a van Gogh goes missing : Where does that rare piece of art end up ? I have no idea . "	Buffalo Trace Distillery is missing some 20-year-old Pappy Van Winkle bourbon Nine cases of Pappy Van Winkle rye are also missing Sheriff : "  The way this happened , it 's indicative of an inside job "
Washington  CNN  -- Before Nina Pham headed back home to Dallas , Texas , she made one exciting final stop . The 26 year old nurse , who is now Ebola free , met with President Obama in the Oval Office this afternoon , where the president gave Pham a big hug . He was n't the only one to hug Pham Friday . On Friday , Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of infectious diseases at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Maryland , told reporters that Pham "  is cured of Ebola , " following multiple tests that confirmed it . Fauci hugged her too . Pham was first diagnosed earlier this month after treating Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . She was the first person to be diagnosed with the disease on U.S. soil days after Duncan died from Ebola . She came to the Washington region for treatment , attended by caregivers in hazmat suits . CDC : Travelers to U.S. from Ebola-stricken nations face new requirements Her diagnosis caused an uproar among politicians who are now calling for tougher restrictions on travelers coming from three of the Ebola stricken countries : Guinea , Liberia , and Sierra Leone . The administration has pushed back against calls for a travel ban , saying it will hurt more than help fight the disease in West Africa . Complete coverage on Ebola	President Obama met with Dallas nurse , Nina Pham , who is now Ebola-free . Pham , 26 , contracted Ebola after treating Thomas Eric Duncan at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital She was the first person diagnosed with the disease on U.S. soil and was being treated in Maryland
CNN  -- Making a strong first impression in the corporate world can take more than a power suit and a firm handshake . Nowadays , high-end status symbols like luxury cars are sought after by those seeking a profile boost . Yet , while a personal Maserati or Lamborghini is out of reach for all but the most well remunerated , car rental companies are increasingly adding high-end vehicles to their lots to cater to those who want more cachet from their hired wheels . Car companies have been toying with flashy cars for a few years now . Hertz first launched their Prestige Collection in the U.S. in 2001 , letting clients choose from a roster of higher-profile automobiles , such as Mercedes and BMWs . Last year , though , things got a little more exciting , when the company started offering the type of elite vehicles that usually retail for six figures . Models like the Ferrari F430 Spider , Lamborghini Gallardo and Bentley Continental GT started to make an appearance alongside the usual roster of Kias and Fords . The ultra-high-end cars are part of Hertz 's Supercars , which launched its web booking platform last year , unrolling it in the U.S. , UK , France , Italy , Spain and the Netherlands . There is relatively limited availability , with fewer than 200 cars on offer in total . Hertz started toying with high-end rentals in 2011 , when it added the Lotus Evora to its collection in Germany , Spain and the UK in just 15 locations , mainly in airports . "  We wanted to gauge the appetite for luxury car hire , " says ZoÃ "  White , a Hertz spokeswoman . Consumers proved ravenous , spurring Hertz to add more posh models in more locales . Read more : Private jets come within reach of business travelers Enterprise Rent-a-Car conducted a similar experiment in the U.S. in 2005 , when they launched their Exotic Car Collection in West Los Angeles . It should come as no surprise that rentals of fantasy cars -- think Aston Martin and Bentley convertibles -- would prove popular in a city famously obsessed with image . Enterprise recently expanded their offerings to a further 13 locations across six U.S. states . They also have the cars on prominent display at Los Angeles International Airport , where some customers upgrade their vehicle on the spot . Bookings are up , according to Steve Short , Enterprise 's vice president of leisure business development , and he says the reasons for booking an expensive , luxury vehicle are myriad . "  We have local customers who want to add a special touch to a big event , out-of-towners who want to enjoy their vacation in style and business travelers who use the cars to entertain clients , " Short says . Even though the last few years have been marked by a global recession , some believe now is the best time to focus on luxury vehicle rentals . According to Kay Ceille , the managing director at AvisBudget UK , it is partly because times are tough that luxury car rentals have become more popular . "  We found that people want to rent a luxury car in order to give the impression they are doing well for themselves , " says Ceille . "  They want to stand out from the crowd and be taken more seriously . " Read more : Tablets and live TV transform in-flight entertainment Through its market research , AvisBudget found their UK customer base was renting vehicles from their Prestige Collection and Select Series -- fleets comprised of upscale models from brands like Jaguar and BMW -- for the purpose of impressing someone else , under both corporate and personal circumstances . The company also found that more than a quarter of the customers they surveyed chose to upgrade before a job interview . Renting these vehicles is expensive by standard rates : a Mercedes SLK Sport can cost more than $ 200 per day , while a McLaren MP4-12C may fetch upward of $ 1,300 . But compared to actually owning a one , it 's a bargain . Usually , the up-market cars come with added perks , like a chauffeur hire thrown in for free or airport meet-and-greet service . "  For customers who want a taste of the millionaire lifestyle , it 's value for money , " White says .	Car rental companies are increasingly offering high-end vehicles These rentals are often used for impressing someone else The luxury cars for rent include Ferraris , Lamborghinis and Bentleys High-end vehicles often come with added perks like chauffeur services
Oh , Oprah . The media mogul and former talk-shown queen has been gushing for weeks about Microsoft 's new Surface tablet , which she compared to a Mercedes and named one of her "  Favorite Things " of 2012 . On Sunday , she went a step further , sending a Twitter message to her 14.8 million followers saying "  love that SURFACE ! " and adding that she 'd already bought 12 of the devices for Christmas gifts . There 's only one problem . Winfrey -- or whoever manages her Twitter account -- sent the tweet from an iPad . The people of the Internet , who never miss the opportunity to poke fun at an online gaffe , took notice . "  She does have legions of fans , making her an effective marketing channel for Microsoft . Except for when the narrative around her promotion is tossed on its head by a foolish , and utterly avoidable mistake , " wrote Alex Wilhelm on tech-news site The Next Web . "  Surface ads , now brought to you by iPad . " Tweeted All Things D 's Kara Swisher : "  Ok , this made me laugh out loud . " Microsoft Surface tablet goes on sale for $ 499 But other observers said people should n't read too much into Winfrey 's tweet . "  The tweet being sent from an iPad does n't necessarily mean Oprah prefers the iPad over the Surface RT ; just because you bought a Wii U does n't mean you 'll never use a Sony or Microsoft console ever again , " wrote James Plafke at Geek.com . Besides , some bloggers have noted that no official Twitter app exists yet for Windows 8 , the new operating system on the Surface , although Twitter says it 's building one . So maybe there 's room in Oprah 's heart for two tablets ? Apple fans may remember the original iPad made Oprah 's "  Ultimate Favorite Things " list back in 2010 . "  Words can not describe what I feel for this magnificent device , " she said at the time . "  I really think it 's the best invention of the century so far . " At least , until the Surface came along .	Oprah Winfrey endorses the new Surface tablet in a gushy tweet -- sent from an iPad Amused tech bloggers call the Twitter message a marketing gaffe Others say it does n't necessarily mean she does n't use both tablets
CNN  -- After nearly going to war last year over a Colombian military raid inside Ecuador , the two nations seemed to be patching relations when their foreign ministers met a few weeks ago . Then an Ecuadorian judge issued an arrest warrant this week for the head of the Colombian armed forces , pushing relations back one giant step . Colombian Gen. Freddy Padilla , the armed forces chief whose arrest is sought , canceled a meeting scheduled for Friday with Ecuadorian Gen. Fabian Varela . Padilla thought he might be arrested if he traveled to Ecuador . It 's not the first pothole on the path to normalization . Ecuador previously issued an arrest warrant for former Colombian Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , who held the post during last year 's raid . Colombia has dismissed both warrants , saying Ecuador has no jurisdiction to investigate and judge Colombian officials . Analyst Patrick Esteruelas of the Eurasia Group consulting firm calls Ecuador 's actions "  schizophrenic . " Two former U.S. ambassadors to the area agree this is par for Ecuadorian foreign policy . "  That 's the history of Ecuador , unfortunately , " said Peter Romero , ambassador to that nation from 1993 to 1996 . "  One step forward , two steps back . " Myles Frechette , U.S. ambassador to Colombia from 1994 to 1997 , said Friday that "  Ecuador is a specialist in bonehead plays . It has been for years . Nothing 's changed much . " Former Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Heinz Moeller , who served from 2000 to 2003 , called the arrest warrant "  lamentable . " "  It 's absurd that these things happen , " he said Friday . Tension between the two nations has existed for years . The latest enmity started in March 2008 , when Colombia bombed a guerrilla base inside Ecuador . The raid killed a top leader for the Revolutionary Armed Force of Colombia , commonly known as the FARC . The Marxist guerrilla group has been waging war on Colombia since the 1960s and often takes refuge on the Ecuadorian side of the border . At least 25 people were killed , most of them said to be FARC guerrillas . Colombian President Alvaro Uribe hailed the attack , saying "  terrorism ... does not respect borders . " Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa called the attack "  aggression " and a "  massacre " and severed diplomatic relations with Colombia . Both nations went on war footing but stopped short of military action . Over time , tensions seemed to dissipate and Colombian Foreign Minister Jaime Bermudez and his Ecuadorian counterpart , Fander Falconi , met last month . After the meeting , Colombia signed a statement saying it would never attack inside Ecuador again . Friday 's meeting between the two nations ' top generals was supposed to further repair the damage . Then came the arrest warrant . What happened ? Perhaps politics . Definitely one branch of the government acting without the consent of the other . Falconi quickly pointed out that the nation 's judicial branch , not Correa 's administration , decided to issue the warrant . Analysts agree that it was n't Correa 's doing . "  That 's not a very coordinated government , " said Frechette , the former envoy to Colombia . "  The executive branch did n't issue that order . " Moeller , the former Ecuadorian foreign minister , said the judge who issued the arrest warrant is "  motivated by political criteria . " "  I do n't have another explanation , " said Moeller , who also served as president of the Ecuadorian Congress three times . Normalization of relations will be a slow process , Eurasia analyst Esteruelas said . "  We 're going to see a lot of stops and starts , " he said . Alejandro Santos , editorial director of La Semana weekly news magazine in Colombia , said relations will not improve until the two countries "  can close the chapter " on last year 's bombing raid . "  That chapter can be closed when the Colombian government promises not to do that . They have done that  promise  , " Santos said . "  Now Ecuador needs to start avoiding those types of judicial measures against Colombian officials . " Esteruelas said Ecuador felt justifiably aggrieved over the attack and wants to make sure it never happens again . But he also sees another issue at play : Ecuadorian President Correa 's plummeting poll numbers and domestic problems with indigenous movements and other political issues . "  It 's usually convenient to remind everyone that Correa is fighting for Ecuadorian sovereignty , " Esteruelas said , adding that such nationalism "  resonates very broadly " across the political spectrum . But Frechette said , "  Correa really does want to reach some kind of agreement . " The problems between the two nations are long-standing and have a lot to do with the 45-year-old war between Colombia and the FARC . From Ecuador 's perspective , the war has displaced about 250,000 Colombians who have sought refuge in Ecuador . Those refugees need services and jobs , further straining a poor area that 's already on the brink . Ecuador also resents that the FARC have set up camps inside the country , causing security problems for a nation that is not technically at war with the guerrillas . From Colombia 's point of view , Ecuador is not doing enough to combat the FARC and is allowing the guerrillas to have a sanctuary that Colombian troops can not reach . Further complicating the relationship , Ecuador 's Correa is politically aligned with Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , who is no friend of Colombia and its leader , Uribe . Chavez threatened to attack neighboring Colombia after the military raid in Ecuador . "  This has been developing for many years , " Moeller said . But there are great advantages to normalizing relations , most of them economic . Ecuador , for example , is Colombia 's third-largest export market . Walter Spurrier , president of Grupo Spurrier and director of Weekly Analysis in Guayaquil , Ecuador , and Maria Velez de Berliner , president of the Latin Intelligence Corp. in Alexandria , Virginia , talked with the Inter-American Dialog policy institute last month about Colombia-Ecuador economic activity . "  Re-establishing relations could lead Ecuador to lift sanctions against Colombian products , which forced many small - and medium-sized businesses to collapse on both sides of the border , " Velez told the Washington-based think tank . Said Spurrier , "  For Colombia , Ecuador is an important market . Not so the other way around . But the goods Ecuador sells Colombia are difficult to relocate to other markets . Ecuador now attempts to sell Libya and Iran the rice it would have otherwise sold Colombia . Also , Ecuadorian importers have to look for other sources . " Moeller , the former foreign minister , wants normalization to get back on track . "  We have to close the parenthesis , " he said . "  I hope this passes ... and that they start talking again . "	Ecuadorian judge issues an arrest warrant for head of Colombian armed forces Colombian Gen. Freddy Padilla cancels trip to Ecuador for fear of arrest Tensions between neighbors stem from FARC rebels taking refuge in Ecuador
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Songs recorded by the Beatles 50 years ago went on sale Tuesday to meet a deadline that otherwise would have made bootlegging the music legal . If the music sounds familiar , you may have heard unauthorized , lesser-quality versions circulated by fans for decades -- or similar takes on the several anthology albums released over the years by the Beatles ' label , Apple Corps . The 59 tracks downloadable on iTunes for $ 40 are previously unreleased . When John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and Ringo Starr worked through a dozen or more takes of a song to get one they and producer George Martin liked , they likely hoped fans would never hear their mistakes . Some takes were so disliked that the tapes were destroyed . The surviving recordings became a liability for the record label , because their copyright on unreleased material ends on January 1 , 2014 . Independent labels could legally sell compilations of rejected versions of Beatles hits . Releasing them now gives Apple another 20 years ' protection under a recent change in European law . The British government , following the change in European copyright law , implemented a law last month providing "  that if a record label is not commercially releasing a track that is over 50 years old , then the performers can request that the rights in the performance revert to them -- a ` use it or lose it ' clause , " the government 's website said . Apple Corps did not comment to CNN on the motivation for the release , but the timing of the release and their naming it "  The Beatles Bootleg Recordings 1963 " suggests the connection . No doubt many hardcore Beatles fans around the world are bingeing on the 14 outtakes from three 1963 studio sessions , and the 44 songs from the dozens of BBC radio shows the group performed on when their fan base was mostly limited to the British Isles . The album also offers two demo recordings of songs written for others . The first Beatles Abbey Road session The first several tracks came from their legendary 13-hour session with Martin on February 11 , 1963 . You 'll hear three full takes of "  There 's a Place , " the first song they recorded that fateful day at EMI Studios in Abbey Road , London . Some of the tracks apparently were recorded for good measure after the group already got a take they were satisfied with . The new release includes the seventh take of "  Do You Want to Know a Secret , " while the sixth one was released in 1963 . At the end of the take McCartney comments about the "  the do-da-do bits " in the vocal harmonies . The sixth take of "  Taste of Honey " is included from that session . It was the fifth take with added vocals that made it on the 1963 album . The Beatles got only three complete takes of "  I Saw Her Standing There " out of nine attempts during that marathon first session . One was released in 1963 and a second in a 1995 anthology project . The new release , the second take , is the third and only previously unreleased complete version . Two takes of "  Misery " -- the first and seventh recording that afternoon -- are included . You will not hear Martin 's piano , which was dubbed onto the final version a week later . Abbey Road Studio : March 1963 The two tracks of "  From Me to You " offer a glimpse of the group 's studio demeanor during another Abbey Road session on March 5 , 1963 . They stop playing abruptly in the first take , with Martin asking why . "  I just thought I heard you talking actually . Did you whistle ? " One Beatle to another at the end of the second take : "  Ah , you missed the ending , baby . " "  George is to play the first bit of the instrumental , is n't he ? " Lennon asks before they start another take . "  Key right into the harmony . " "  Thank You Girl , " a song written as a tribute to their already dedicated female groupies , is next . The new release includes the first and fifth of 13 takes from the March session . The song was used as a B-side on a single . Fans can enjoy a lot of chatter between the group on the two takes of "  One After 909 " in the March session . "  What are you doing ? " Lennon asks another when the first take falls apart . "  Are you out of your mind ? " The song was not released until the Beatles played it on a rooftop for the 1970 "  Let It Be " album . The band seemed to struggle in that March session with "  Hold Me Tight , " a song they later said they never cared for . The bootleg project gives you take 21 . The last studio outtake on the album is "  Money  That 's What I Want  , " recorded on July 18 , 1963 . Beatles on the BBC 1963 The next 44 tracks are from the dozens of Beatles live appearances on BBC radio programs in 1963 , including "  Saturday Club , " "  Easy Beat , " "  Here We Go , " "  Side By Side , " "  From Us To Us " and the group 's own weekly series , "  Pop Go The Beatles . " Several versions of their first big hit in England , "  Love Me Do , " "  Taste of Honey " and "  She Loves You " are included . Some of the shows had live audiences , adding the flavor of screaming fans . The recording quality , none in stereo , varies from show to show , since the BBC was not trying to save the performances for later release . The tracks include the BBC hosts ' introductions , which remind the listener of where the Beatles were in early 1963 . "  For the moment the majority of the Beatles fans are in their hometown of Liverpool , and I have a very strong suspicion that it wo n't be long before they 're all over the country , " the announcer said as he introduced their performance of "  Love Me Do " on the BBC 's "  Easy Beat " show on January 26 , 1963 . The Beatles of myth , the Beatles of reality The Beatles in color : Unseen photos	Releasing the songs now gives Apple records 20 more years of copyright Many of these Beatles tracks have circulated in bootleg fashion for decades The first tracks are rejects from their legendary marathon recording Abbey Road session Most tracks are from live BBC radio performances in 1963
CNN  -- For the 10 days of the Sundance Film Festival , Utah 's Park City is transformed into Swag City . Celebrities are gifted with everything from laptop computers  courtesy Lenovo  to moccasins  Minnetonka  , headphones  Monster  , boots  Ugg  and wireless chargers  Duracell  . Alicia Keys , Naomi Watts , Daniel Radcliffe and Allison Janney were among the stars who picked up Samsung Galaxy products , gratis . And Sears handed out winter gear to the likes of Tim Daly and Dermot Mulroney . With so much gifting going on , it 's not uncommon on the streets of Park City to see celebrities  or , more often , their assistants  toting armfuls of goods . But this Sundance has witnessed a new phenomenon : famous faces giving away the very things they 've just received for free . Rally.org partnered with the Jon Bon Jovi Soul Foundation on a "  reverse gifting " suite on Main Street , where stars were encouraged to donate their newly acquired freebies to benefit the victims of Superstorm Sandy . Actor Jason Isaacs surrendered a pair of True Religion jeans he 'd just received . He admitted that he did n't feel entirely comfortable accepting swag in the first place . "  You come to a festival like this and people give you stuff , which is very lovely , " he said . "  I always feel very guilty . " January Jones , who stars with Isaacs in the Sundance movie "  Sweetwater , " said she wo n't take swag as a matter of principle . With no freebies to donate , she instead signed a snowboard to be auctioned for Sandy relief . Down the street from the "  reverse gifting " suite , stars could accept swag knowing they would not be the sole beneficiaries of that largesse . Sean John , one of the brands featured in a gifting lounge created by Talent Resources , announced that for every coat it gave to a celebrity , it would donate another coat to the charity New York Cares . Coats given to Octavia Spencer , Jane Lynch , Jennifer Coolidge and Paris Hilton  to name a few  resulted in items being donated to those in need . But in the end , only a small percentage of the swag handed out at Sundance is likely to wind up benefiting charities , whether it 's New York Cares or the Jon Bon Jovi Soul Foundation . A publicist for the Rally.org reverse gifting lounge conceded that donations this year were modest . "  We did n't get too many of the high-dollar donations we were looking for , " the publicist wrote in an e-mail . She attributed the underwhelming response to it "  being the first year  for the reverse gifting lounge  and an idea that came together shortly before Sundance . " So for charities hoping for a share of Sundance swag -- and celebrities warming to the idea of giving up their free goods -- there may be more hope for next year .	Gifting suites at Sundance allow stars to pick up free products Celebs encouraged to regift swag to benefit victims of Superstorm Sandy Rally.org partnered with Jon Bon Jovi 's Soul Foundation for a regifting suite
The long-dormant Middle East peace efforts got new life on Friday . An agreement has been reached that "  establishes a basis for resuming direct final status negotiations between " Palestinians and Israel , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in Amman , Jordan . "  This is a significant and welcome step forward , " Kerry said . This came as Kerry visited the Middle East this week and came up with a formula for reanimating peace talks between Israel and the Palestinian territories , a source close to the talks said . He has been working intensely with the Palestinian side to get them on board . Earlier Friday , in a meeting in Amman , Jordan , Kerry presented the plan to Palestinian chief peace negotiator Saeb Erakat in hopes that it will entice the Palestinians back to the negotiating table . Kerry arrived in Ramallah in the West Bank on Friday afternoon and began a meeting with President Mahmoud Abbas for the third time during his current trip to the Middle East . New city offers vision of better life in West Bank Talks could begin soon in Washington , according to the official Palestinian Authority news agency , Wafa , which quoted the authority 's spokesman , Nabil abu Rudaineh . Abu Rudaineh said "  certain details " were still in need of solutions , but "  if things go well , Kerry will extend an invitation to Saeb Erekat and the representative of the Israeli side , to meet him in Washington , to hold primary talks in the coming few days . " Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni lauded the prospect of peace . "  These past few months were long , filled with doubt and cynicism , " Livni said in a statement . "  But now , four years of political stagnation are coming to an end . "  I know that , despite this being an opportunity , once the negotiations begin they will be complex -- but I am convinced with all my heart that this is the right thing for our future , our security , our economy and Israel 's values , " Livni said . She expressed respect for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu "  for making the decisions representing Israel 's important interests , as well for American Secretary of State , John Kerry , which led us and the Palestinians into the negotiations room . " In the Palestinian territory of Gaza , however , Hamas dismissed the renewed effort for peace talks . "  This negotiation will be useless . It is not going to achieve anything for the Palestinian people . It will not help the prisoner issue , the border issue or the land issue , " the group said in a statement . Israel imposed an economic blockade on Gaza shortly after Hamas was elected to run the Gaza government in 2006 . Kerry said the agreement is still in the process of being formalized , so "  we are absolutely not going to talk about the elements now , " he said . If everything goes as expected , representatives for the two sides will join Kerry in Washington "  for initial talks within the next week or so , and a further announcement will be made by all of us at that time . " "  Any speculation or reports you may read in the media ... are conjecture ... because the people who know the facts are not talking about them , " he said . Talks based on land swaps , pre-1967 borders ? One of the reports Kerry might have been referencing was a Reuters report quoting an Israeli official who said the Jewish state agreed to a plan for peace talks based on pre-1967 borders and land swaps . It would be in line with a decades-old United Nations resolution calling on Israel to release territories it gained during a war , a demand that Israel has historically fought . But it would help create contiguous borders for a future Palestinian state that would coexist next to a Jewish state . Israel 's official reaction to the report has been denial . Mark Regev , a spokesman for Netanyahu , rejected the news agency story and questioned who in the government would have made the assertions . Kerry had set up shop in Amman , Jordan , where he has already advertised the plan to the Arab League and to Abbas . Abbas briefed politicians in Ramallah after returning from his initial meetings with Kerry . News of the plan triggered a reaction Friday from Mustafa Barghouti , a prominent Palestinian legislator . "  We need written commitments that there are terms of reference including commitment to 1967 borders . We need affirmation or guarantees that there will be no settlement expansions , " he said . Other Palestinians would not accept negotiations as long as they continued to grow , he added . Israel has recently announced plans to add on to West Bank settlements , drawing angry responses from Palestinians and criticism from Israel 's Western allies . The major bones of contention in negotiations are : • The status of Jerusalem . Israel regards the entire city as its capital . The Palestinians regard East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state . • Jewish settlements in the West Bank . The land is known as Judea and Samaria in Jewish history , and Israelis say they believe that territory is part of the Jewish state . The Palestinians say the West Bank is Palestinian land . They also say they 've been mistreated in their own land for years by Israel 's government , the military and settlers . • Security . Israel has said it wants to be assured of the safety of its citizens from attacks by Palestinian militants in any peace agreement . • The status of the Palestinians , who mostly departed Israel during two wars : one that led to the state 's founding in 1948 , and one in 1967 . Palestinians say they were driven out . War spoils Israel took over East Jerusalem , the West Bank , Gaza , Sinai and the Golan Heights after it defeated Arab states in the Six-Day War in 1967 . In a series of moves following its capture , Israel effectively annexed East Jerusalem , putting it and other adjacent areas in the West Bank under Israeli government control . Since then , Israel has forged a peace treaty with Egypt and returned Sinai to the country . It later unilaterally departed from Gaza , now run by Hamas . Israel occupies the Palestinian territory of the West Bank and part of Syria 's Golan Heights . For years , Israel and the Palestinian Authority have made attempts to negotiate , but have repeatedly failed to get the process moving . A sporting push for peace in Israeli-Palestinian relations	Palestinian Authority says "  if things go well , " talks could begin in Washington in "  coming days " "  Four years of political stagnation are coming to an end , " Israel 's justice minister says Hamas in Gaza dismisses peace negotiations as "  useless " A report says peace formula involves a landmark concession from Israel
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor has been given the American Bar Association 's highest rating for "  professional qualification , " a political boost less than a week before her confirmation hearings begin in the Senate . Confirmation hearings for Sonia Sotomayor 's Supreme Court nomination are set to begin next week . An ABA committee that reviewed her record concluded unanimously Tuesday that she is "  well qualified " to sit on the high court . The nation 's largest association of attorneys has been evaluating nominees to the federal bench for five decades . Sotomayor was last evaluated by the ABA in 1998 when she was nominated for the appeals court seat she now occupies . She was also rated "  well qualified , " but the vote then was not unanimous . Her confirmation hearings for the high court begin Monday , and Judiciary Chairman Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , applauded the ABA evaluation , saying it "  should eliminate the doubts of naysayers who have questioned Judge Sotomayor 's disposition on the bench . " The 55-year-old judge from the New York-based U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit would replace the retired Justice David Souter . The peer-review process by the ABA focuses only on a nominee 's "  professional qualifications and does not consider a nominee 's philosophy or ideology , " according to the group . It says its "  impartial evaluations " focus on integrity , professional competence and judicial temperament . Past administrations have quietly worked with the ABA to provide the identity of potential nominees before they were publicly nominated . No other group has such advance access , but the ABA 's role is unofficial . The George W. Bush administration refused to consider or accept the ABA evaluations , saying the organization had given lower ratings for some conservative nominees , and that the ABA had publicly held liberal positions on social and political matters . Officials in the administrations of Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush made the same complaint . The ABA 's Standing Committee continued to rate Bush judicial nominees , but only after the president had made the choices public . Justice Clarence Thomas was rated "  qualified " -- the middle of three possible ratings -- when he was being considered for the Supreme Court in 1991 . "  Not qualified " is the lowest rating possible . George W. Bush 's nominees -- Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Samuel Alito -- received unanimous "  well qualified " ratings . Harriet Miers withdrew her 2005 high court nomination before the ABA could release its evaluation . A letter from White House Counsel Greg Craig to Leahy on Tuesday indicated the ABA had again gained its privileged access to the administration 's nominee for evaluation . Republicans stepped up their attacks on Sotomayor 's qualifications to sit on the Supreme Court . Minority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , questioned her judicial temperament in a Tuesday floor speech . "  As we consider her nomination to the Supreme Court , my colleagues should ask themselves this important question : Is she allowing her personal or political agenda to cloud her judgment and favor one group of individuals over another , irrespective of what the law says ? " In particular , McConnell was critical of Sotomayor 's views in a highly watched workplace bias claim decided last week by the Supreme Court . The justices ruled in favor of white firefighters in New Haven , Connecticut , who alleged reverse discrimination , claiming they were denied promotion because of their race . As a federal appeals judge , Sotomayor had ruled for the city , saying officials had the discretion to withdraw promotion tests when too few minorities would have qualified for advancement . The high court majority ultimately rejected her conclusions . McConnell repeated concerns raised by some conservatives that Sotomayor might favor certain groups over others because of her personal views . "  It 's a troubling philosophy for any judge -- let alone one nominated to our highest court -- to convert 'em pathy ' into favoritism for particular groups , " he said .	American Bar Association unanimously gives Sonia Sotomayor its highest rating ABA rates nominees on professional qualifications ; it says ideology not considered Sotomayor 's confirmation hearings for Supreme Court seat start Monday Republicans step up attacks on Sotomayor 's qualifications for high court
CNN  -- In a region scarred by conflict and instability , a broadcast unites Arabs from many nations in front of their television sets . "  Arab Idol , " an adaptation of "  American Idol , " is going strong in the Middle East . In the latest finale , the winner -- Hazem Shareef of Syria -- broke with the trend and refused to carry his country 's flag in his victory celebration . The reason ? After his golden pipes captivated viewers for months , he did n't want to appear to be taking a side in the civil war . "  I am 21 years old , and I do n't want my art to be connected to politics , " he said . Regardless of their country 's strife , winners have celebrated their moments in the spotlight showing their national flags . Last year , Palestinian Mohammad Assaf of Gaza wore his on a scarf to represent his people . Karmen Suleiman of Egypt appeared with that country 's flag a year after the 2011 Egyptian revolution . Though Shareef ditched the national colors , he did dedicate his "  victory song " to Syria . The show 's judges did n't hesitate to place their fingers in Syria 's wounds . "  With your winning , you made bleeding Syria cheer , " said United Arab Emirates singer Ahlam , a judge on the show . "  God willing your winning will be a remedy to the injuries of Syrians , " said Lebanese singer Nancy Ajram , another judge . Shareef pockets 250,000 Saudi riyals  $ 66,000  in cash and a contract with Platinum Records for three singles and a video clip . A trip to the Seychelles courtesy of Emirates airline rounds off the prize . ` Arab Idol ' winner tries to make it in America	Syrian winner says he does not want his art used for politics "  Arab Idol " is a hit throughout the Arab world It puts a smile on the faces of people living in conflict regions
CNN  -- A late goal from Eric Abidal gave Barcelona a 2-1 comeback victory in the first leg of their Spanish Cup quarterfinal clash with arch rivals Real Madrid . The French defender scored the decisive goal in the match known as ` El Clasico ' at Real 's Bernabeu stadium after Barcelona captain Carles Puyol had canceled out Cristiano Ronaldo 's opener . It means Barcelona are favorites to progress into the final four of the competition and eliminate the holders when the two contest the second leg next Wednesday . After a cagey opening , in which Barcelona dominated possession , Real took the lead with their first meaningful attack on 11 minutes . Karim Benzema 's pass found Ronaldo scampering through the middle , and the Portuguese forward stepped past Gerard Pique before firing beyond Barca keeper Pinto . Ronaldo , who has been criticized by some fans for not celebrating some of his recent goals and for missing several chances in the last match with Barca , certainly looked like he enjoyed his opener . Five minutes later Barcelona striker Alexis Sanchez , from Chile , got on the end of Cesc Fabregas ' pass but though his looping header beat Real goalkeeper Iker Casillas , it bounced back off the post . Lionel Messi had his first sight of goal on 26 minutes as his low shot forced Casillas into a smart save at his near post . Andres Iniesta then made some room inside the penalty area but he fired wide after Sanchez 's lay off . But just three minutes into the second half Barcelona pulled level as their captain Carles Puyol stooped to head a corner into the net . Moments later Real defender Sergio Ramos deflected a volley from Iniesta onto the woodwork after a chipped pass from Fabregas . Real then hit the woodwork themselves as Benzema 's header cannoned back off the upright with Pinto beaten . Tempers frayed when Real 's Pepe appeared to stamp on Messi 's hand as the Argentine was on the floor after a foul before Barca edged in front with just over ten minutes to go . Abidal , who signed a new contract at the club this week , controlled Messi 's pass on his chest before shooting low into the net . In Italy , AC Milan progressed to the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup but they needed extra time to beat Novara 2-1 . Stephan El Shaarawy gave the Rossoneri the lead on 24 minutes with a curling shot but Ivan Radovanovic equalized for Serie A 's bottom club with a long range free kick two minutes from time . It was left to Milan 's Brazilian striker Pato to seal victory , ten minutes into the extra half an hour .	Barcelona beat Real Madrid 2-1 in their Spanish Cup quarterfinal first leg tie French defender strikes 13 minutes from time as holders suffer defeat at home stadium Cristiano Ronaldo had given Real the lead before Carles Puyol equalized Milan beat Novara to progress into the quarterfinals of the Italian Cup
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra warned Saturday that more water would pour into the capital , Bangkok , as the country endures its worst flood in half a century , state media reported . Giving her weekly television address to the nation , Shinawatra said efforts were being made to manage the flow of floodwaters to minimize the impact on residents . Extra protection would be given to historical sites , palaces , hospitals , business districts , utilities and transportation infrastructure , state-run news agency MCOT quoted her as saying . The government has set up more than 1,700 shelters for victims of flooding in affected provinces , Shinawatra said , according to the agency . There are currently more than 113,000 people staying at the shelters , which can cater for about 800,000 , she said . The government had hoped that strengthening flood barriers and widening canals would keep populated areas safe . But now the government is trying a different tack : opening floodgates to relieve pressure on dams and levees and send the water toward the sea . The decision to divert water through canals in Bangkok means parts of the city , and its surrounding suburbs such as Rangsit , are flooded . The flooding , which follows months of monsoon rains , has already killed 356 people , with nearly 9 million others affected , authorities said . Overall damage from the floods could top $ 2 billion , with the worst yet to come as the waters destroy shops and paralyze factories nationwide , the Thai Finance Ministry said . Many residents waded through dirty water in the capital Friday as they made a desperate attempt to save their belongings . Among them was a teary-eyed woman named Surirat Prapankarn , from a suburb outside Bangkok , who could be seen lugging her sodden possessions through waist-high water . Pulling her things out of her front room , Prapankarn said she was overcome with sadness when she looked at her destroyed home and at what had been lost . She wondered how she would find food for her 16 dogs . Waters rose overnight in the northern Bangkok suburb of Rangsit , giving residents little chance to save what they could . The lucky few moved out of flooded homes by boat , or anything that could float . The rest waded through water with plastic bags balanced on their heads . Pets could be seen tucked into coats or pushed inside boats . Children , meanwhile , seemed to struggle to stay on their feet against the fast-moving water . Another resident , named Saisamorn Pongsairak , said she had lived in the inundated Rangsit neighborhood all her life . "  I woke up this morning around 2 a.m. and the water was only at my ankle high . But now it is up to my waist , " she said . Pongsairak runs a food store , which she said she refuses to close , frying chicken in waist-high water on an elevated stove . Thailand 's prime minister has urged all Bangkok residents to move their belongings to higher ground as government workers endeavor to contain the flooding . Government spokeswoman Thitima Chaisaeng said the move was a precautionary measure . To protect their cars , residents double parked along elevated highways , making it nearly impossible to navigate a city where traffic is congested on a normal day . On Thursday , authorities expressed confidence that the main international airport , Suvarnabhumi Airport , was prepared to withstand the water 's impact . Airport officials said a 3.5-meter-high flood prevention wall protects the airport . Thailand derives a significant portion of its revenue from tourism . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Thailand 's prime minister warns of more flooding to come in the capital NEW : More than 113,000 people have taken refuge in emergency shelters Floodwaters pour through the northern Bangkok suburb of Rangsit The flooding is the worst in Thailand in half a century
Oakland , California  CNN  -- Police arrested dozens of people in downtown Oakland , California , Thursday night after hundreds protested the verdict in the trial of a white former police officer who fatally shot an unarmed black man , Oakland police officials told CNN . Police issued a variety of charges , including failure to disperse , resisting arrest , burglary , vandalism and assaulting a police officer . Police initially reported 83 people had been arrested , but later reduced the number to 78 . The former officer , Johannes Mehserle , was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter Thursday , a conviction that usually carries a maximum four-year sentence . But some in Oakland hoped for conviction on a charge that would carry a tougher penalty for the former police officer , and took to the streets in protest . Crowds broke the glass of a Foot Locker and other stores . Others threw sneakers out of the store as police wearing gas masks stormed the area . At the high point of the protests , about 8 p.m. , there were an estimated 800 people in the streets , Oakland Police Chief Anthony Batts said . By 10:30 p.m. , there were about 75 left , he said . The protests were contained to the downtown area , police said . Police said they were still collecting information on the total number of businesses that were vandalized . Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums downplayed the demonstrations . "  People were preparing for everything to explode , but I am extremely happy that so far it has not , and I hope that it does n't , " Dellums said . "  We 're not going to tear our own community apart , because we 've got issues that we 've got to deal with . " Oakland police had prepared for protests and ways of quelling the demonstrations days before the verdict . Mehserle could have been found not guilty , guilty of second-degree murder , guilty of voluntary manslaughter or , as the jury decided , guilty of involuntary manslaughter . Mehserle , a Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer at the time of the incident , was accused of shooting 22-year-old Oscar Grant on an Oakland train platform on January 1 , 2009 . The trial was moved from Alameda County to Los Angeles because of pretrial publicity . Mehserle , wearing a gray suit , blue shirt and red tie , showed no emotion during the reading of the verdict . The former officer did not say anything to Superior Court Judge Robert Perry or attorneys . About a dozen Los Angeles County deputies escorted the handcuffed defendant out of the courtroom after the verdict was announced . Outside the courtroom , Grant family members expressed outrage at the verdict . "  My son was murdered . He was murdered . He was murdered . My son was murdered , " said Grant 's mother , Wanda Johnson . "  The system has let us down , but God will never ever let us down . " Johnson and other speakers said African-Americans have been the victims of police abuse and a biased judicial system . She said Mehserle was n't found accountable . "  We could n't get even six hours of deliberations , " said Johnson , who accused jurors of being unfair . Sentencing is set for August 6 . Involuntary manslaughter carries a maximum sentence of up to four years in prison under California law . But the judge could add an "  enhancement " that could provide a longer sentence because a firearm was used . Members of the jury , which included no African-Americans , said they were unanimous in their decision . Their finding indicates that Mehserle was criminally negligent . The shooting was captured on a bystander 's cell-phone video camera . The video was widely circulated on the Internet and on news broadcasts , and it spurred several protests in and around Oakland . The video showed Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Grant in the back as another officer knelt on the unarmed man . Mehserle and other Bay Area Rapid Transit police had been called to Oakland 's Fruitvale station after passengers complained about fights on a train . Officers pulled several men , including Grant , off the train when it arrived at Fruitvale . Mehserle said at the trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun . He resigned his position a few days after the incident and was later arrested in Nevada . CNN 's Sara Weisfelt contributed to this report .	NEW : 78 protesters arrested in Oakland after verdict Charges include burglary , vandalism , assault , police say A former officer was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter for the shooting He says he had meant to draw and fire his Taser instead of his gun
CNN  -- After a difficult past year , Rafael Nadal is back where he feels most comfortable -- but his rivals are battling to find form ahead of the French Open . While the Spaniard cruised into the quarterfinals of the Monte Carlo tournament he has won for the past eight seasons , world No. 1 Novak Djokovic again had to come from behind to earn his place while Andy Murray suffered a crushing defeat that will demote him to third in the rankings . Fourth seed Tomas Berdych and No. 5 Juan Martin del Potro also crashed out Thursday to thin out the competition for Nadal as he continues his winning return to the ATP Tour following longterm knee problems . His 6-2 6-4 rout of German 16th seed Philipp Kohlschreiber was his 16th successive victory this year following a defeat in the final of his comeback event in Chile in February . "  I feel more relaxed , yes . I had some uneasy moments during the past year , " Nadal said after his 44th consecutive win at the clay-court event , which set up a clash with 21-year-old Bulgarian Gregor Dimitrov . "  Now I 'm back on the tour . Just being here is good news . And winning matches -- I say it every day , but winning every match is very important to me today . Every time I have the chance to go on court and play well , feel competitive , is a really good feeling . " Dimitrov is also on a roll , having followed up his opening victory over world No. 10 Janko Tipsarevic by beating Germany 's Florian Mayer 6-2 6-4 . "  Really looking forward to that match , " said Dimitrov , who reached a career-high 31st in the rankings last month . "  Even for now I 'm very excited . "  I 'm feeling quite good coming on court with  the top players  . I feel also physically I 'm ready to kind of hang with them more as the match goes on . "  I know tomorrow is another point of view , since clay court you 're playing against the greatest of all time . There 's that feeling and anxiety that you want to come out and do the best you can . I think most of all you have to keep a good composure . " Murray is seeking to restore his composure after being beaten in less than an hour by Stanislas Wawrinka , a result that will see the Swiss 13th seed 's absent compatriot Roger Federer return to No. 2 in the rankings . "  When I started making a lot of errors he was able to dictate all of the points from there , " said Murray , who made 24 unforced mistakes as he missed out on a possible semifinal against Nadal . "  I 've played some good tournaments here but it does take me time to feel comfortable on the surface . I need matches against top players to see what 's going wrong and going right and the things I need to work on to get better . "  No-one wants to lose matches like that . Hopefully I can use it as motivation to improve because I really need to do a lot of work . I need to work really hard over the next two weeks to get ready for Madrid . " Last year the Spanish capital 's experiment with blue clay proved unpopular with most players , and it was banned for this season . Djokovic was one of the most vocal critics , but this year he is focused on his fitness problems after battling to beat Juan Monaco 4-6 6-2 6-2 on Thursday . "  It 's another big test obviously , again a two-hour match , " said the Serbian , who injured his ankle on Davis Cup duty earlier this month . "  Obviously I 'm not physically feeling my best . Somehow feels that I always miss that half a step . But I 'm trying . I 'm fighting . After I lost the first set today , I tried to find that inner strength . I found it again . So that 's a positive thing . Every day brings a new challenge and we 'll see what happens tomorrow . " A two-time runnerup in the principality , Djokovic -- who could again meet Nadal in the final -- will next face Del Potro 's conqueror Jarkko Nieminen . The veteran Finn triumphed 6-4 4-6 7-6  7-4  against the 2009 U.S. Open champion as he was taken to a tie-break in the decider after the Argentine saved a match-point , before reaching his first Masters-level quarterfinal since 2006 . Berdych lost 6-4 6-2 to 32nd-ranked Italian Fabio Fognini , who earned his first Masters-level quarterfinal appearance -- a clash with French seventh seed Richard Gasquet . Gasquet , a semifinalist in Miami last month , beat Croatian ninth seed Marin Cilic 7-5 6-4 . Wawrinka , meanwhile , will next face world No. 8 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who defeated Austrian Jurgen Melzer 6-3 6-0 the day after the Frenchman 's 28th birthday . "  To beat Andy that easy was a big surprise , for sure , " Wawrinka said . "  I 'm playing really good , really strong , really confident with my game . He 's playing slow , he 's playing from the baseline , he 's not putting so much pressure . For me on clay , it 's perfect . "	Defending champion Rafael Nadal through to last eight of Monte Carlo Masters Spaniard will next play 21-year-old Bulgarian Gregor Dimitrov World No. 1 Novak Djokovic comes from behind for second match in a row Andy Murray suffers shock loss that will drop Briton to third in world rankings
Off Aberdeen , Scotland  CNN  -- Against a bright blue sky , seagulls noisily squabbled above us as we set off aboard a crew boat , feeling rather small as we gently weaved our way past the gigantic vessels docked in Aberdeen harbor . The calm conditions that had allowed us to easily film inside the port quickly changed once we left the harbor , as we came up against 25-knot winds , rolling waves and spray soaking us from all sides . Having grown up on the northeast coast of England , this was the North Sea that I know and love . As we happily bounced around , we joked with the crew from Helix Energy Solutions ' marine contracting business unit , Canyon Offshore , that we were -- despite having three cameras , a tripod , and two backpacks -- actually traveling light . About 2 miles  3 kilometers  out to sea , between the waves , we got fleeting glimpses of the MV Olympic Triton , the support vessel for remotely operated underwater vehicles . We could tell it was large , but as we drew closer to the 315-foot  96-meter  vessel it became clear it was not only large , but a serious piece of maritime engineering . Above its bow was a large helipad , and from the main deck a huge crane extended , with 9,800 feet  3,000 meters  of cable . As we approached the Olympic Triton , conditions were too dangerous for us to board and we had to wait for the massive vessel to turn to give us a bit of shelter . While waiting we filmed our first key sequence : the ROV being lowered into the water . Sequence recorded , next came the challenge of boarding . The tools used in the search Sheltered from the worst of the weather we were still rising and falling in the water by as much as 10 feet -- which , in Tony 's words , was making things a little "  lively . " To board , we had to wait for the bow of our boat to rise up and then throw ourselves at a small wood and rope ladder and hanging grab rope and pull ourselves aboard . Only sitting at the airport at the end of the day did we admit to each other that we could replace the word "  lively " with "  terrifying . " Safely aboard , we were welcomed by Capt. Morten Stakvik on the bridge . After our safety briefing we did some more filming , followed by a tour of the Olympic Triton . Conditions on board the Norwegian-registered vessel were a credit to the crew . Everything was immaculate and beautifully organized . You can see why that matters when at any one time , there can be 100 people on board , working around the clock for up to four months at a time . Our filming schedule was pretty similar to our other CNN shoots : interviews , key sequences and unique shots that would allow us to paint the story with rich visuals . But filming on board a ship did present a few additional challenges . As the ship rolled in the waves the light kept changing . This meant photojournalist Tony adopted an Iron Man-style pose , waving a light in one hand while operating the camera with the other to counteract the changing light . There were also the stairs to contend with -- five decks of steep stairs . When you 're hauling full broadcast equipment , it certainly adds up to a workout . Only moments after joking with one of the ROV engineers that you learn quickly not to forget things , I realized I 'd left the spare batteries for the microphone on the bridge five decks up . Lesson learned . Ocean Shield : A mission of hope and uncertainty Broadcast equipment and water do n't usually go well together , and there was a danger that filming our underwater sequence would go wrong . Using the ingenuity of the ROV crew we securely attached our underwater camera to the arms of the ROV . But when the ROV and camera descended into the depths and as I watched the live feed turn from brilliantly clear shots to a murky green and eventually to black , I could n't help but worry that this was the last time we would see this camera . Twenty-seven agonizing minutes later , the camera was back on deck and perfectly dry inside its case . As we reviewed the footage through a small monitor , our grainy images gave us an impression of just how incredible the ROV was . Its complexity , dexterity and adaptability not only made for great visuals for our viewers , but also began to give us an idea of how it could be used to help with retrieving items from the ocean floor . After filming some beautiful detail shots from around the ship -- sonar monitors , controls , compasses , barometers -- we concluded the shoot from the bridge , now drenched in the early evening sun . Looking back to shore we could see in the distance our crew boat crashing through the waves toward us , bringing an end to our time on this incredible vessel with its incredible crew . This also meant we had to face the rope ladder again . As we were now self-proclaimed experts at disembarking , with life jacket tightly fastened I went first . To ensure that we had something to show for our shoot , Tony kept hold of the camera cards in case I decided to copy the ROV and take a dip in the water . We only spent a short amount of time with the talented crew of the Olympic Triton , but we did get a sense of how good they are at what they do , and how incredibly difficult their work is . 6 missteps in the investigation	CNN crew boarded a support vessel in the North Sea for demo of remotely operated vehicles Their camera went deep underwater on an ROV and returned with great video James Frater describes thrills of dragging heavy gear around huge vessel in heavy seas Getting on and off the vessel involved leaps between crew boat and a small rope ladder
CNN  -- Within the next day or two we could hear from the special prosecutor 's office about her decision on whether to charge George Zimmerman . Regardless of what she says , chances are a lot of people are not going to be happy with the decision . It 's an emotional story with many layers that will likely end with more questions than answers , and more division than unity along racial lines . I know when I heard about Trayvon Martin 's killing , the story immediately touched my heart because I could see my own 15-year-old son in Trayvon . Similarly , when I heard about the apparent racially motivated killing spree in Tulsa , Oklahoma , last week , it angered me because I could see my brothers and uncles in the slain victims . But something different happened inside when I saw the video of a white tourist being savagely beaten and stripped by a bunch of black thugs in Baltimore over St. Patrick 's Day weekend . My heart was n't touched . I did n't get angry . Instead , I just became cold . I did n't want the individuals involved to be arrested . I wanted them thrown in jail for life . I thought what possible good could adults who would do that to another human being bring to society ? Some folks can be rehabilitated , but sometimes it 's best to just cut our losses . Why bother wasting taxpayers ' dollars on a trial over something that simply can not and should not be defended ? As I watched the helpless man being kicked and heard him being laughed at , I just wanted those hoodlums escorted to solitary confinement and the key thrown away . As I told you , I became cold . Sick even . I posted the video on my Facebook wall and soon found myself in a conversation with a buddy of mine , Brian , who I 've known since grad school . In my frustration I e-mailed "  I hate people . " Brian immediately hit back : "  No you do n't . You love people , that is why this upset you so much . " He was right . I do n't hate people . I just hated what happened to that guy , just like I hated what happened to the victims in Tulsa . But what I really hate is how the video is only going to confirm what so many whites think about blacks and the arrests are only going to confirm what so many blacks think about whites . That 's where much of the focus will inevitably go instead of to what I think is far more important , and that is what blacks think about ourselves . I do n't need to tell you what the response from the black community would be if the victim in the Baltimore video was black and the assailants white . But for some reason many blacks puree crimes of this nature through some warped situational ethics filter , which in the end only makes a mockery of the community more than it empowers it . For if President Obama had a son , he would look like Trayvon , but he would also look like one of the assailants in that video . That 's the uncomfortable truth that the black community must deal with : Racism still hurts us , but not nearly as much as we hurt ourselves . The same weekend the man in Baltimore was attacked , in Chicago 10 people were killed and 40 were wounded , including a 6-year-old girl who was shot dead while she was playing on the front porch of her home in the Little Village neighborhood . Neighborhoods such as Little Village , and West Englewood , which has a homicide rate five times that of the rest of the city , are mostly black and Latino . Since 2008 , nearly 80 % of the more than 500 killings of youth in Chicago have occurred in the 22 black and Latino neighborhoods . Those deaths are not coming by the hands of the KKK but by people who look a lot like the ones in that St. Patrick 's Day video . Or the ones in the video that went viral in February in which a bunch of black thugs attacked a black man as he left a grocery store . Or the ones in the video that went viral three years ago in which a bunch of black thugs attacked and killed a 16-year-old honor roll student , who was also black . Sadly , I could go on , but I think the picture is clear . What is n't as clear is what the black community is going to do about it . We know how to come together and fight against injustice when the alleged perpetrators are white . However we 're not quite sure how to deal with injustice as a community when the perpetrators look like us -- and that is troubling , because when you look at the statistics , it seems the survival of the black community depends more on figuring that part out than dealing with the George Zimmermans of the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson says a video of a white man being beaten in Baltimore is sickening He says as we await outcome of Trayvon Martin case , more focus is needed on other crimes Granderson : Black community rallies to fight injustice but not when "  perpetrators look like us " He says black community needs to grapple with crime of all kinds
Rome  CNN  -- Italy 's high court has upheld a prison sentence for former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in a tax fraud case . The court Thursday said it supported a lower court 's four-year prison sentence for Berlusconi . Three years of that sentence are covered in an amnesty aimed at cutting down on prison overcrowding , effectively reducing Berlusconi 's sentence to one year . The high court also ordered a lower court to reconsider whether Berlusconi , 76 , should be banned from public office -- a controversial issue that could play a key role in the country 's political future . A lower court convicted Berlusconi of tax evasion last October , sentencing him to four years in prison and barring him from public office for five years . In May , an Italian appeals court in Milan upheld that decision . The former prime minister ca n't appeal the high court 's decision in the case . But it 's unlikely he 'll spend time behind bars , because of his age and the shortness of the sentence . Berlusconi is a member of Italy 's Senate and therefore enjoys immunity from any type of arrest . The Senate would have to vote to have his immunity lifted in order to serve any sentence . Berlusconi , who served on and off as prime minister between 1994 and 2011 , is one of the most colorful and controversial figures in the lively history of Italian politics . A look at the life of Silvio Berlusconi For years , he has been entangled in fraud , corruption and sex scandals that have often reached Italian courts . In June , a panel of judges sentenced Berlusconi to seven years in prison for abusing power and having sex with an underage prostitute . Berlusconi 's attorney told reporters he plans to appeal that conviction . Undaunted by the court battles , Berlusconi has not only launched appeals , but in December made two significant announcements : his engagement to 27-year-old Francesca Pascale , and then , his political comeback . In Italy 's February elections , the three-time prime minister appealed to Italian voters by denouncing the unpopular austerity policies of technocrat Mario Monti . For all his critics , Berlusconi won almost 30 % of the vote in February and remains an influential figure in Prime Minister Enrico Letta 's fragile coalition government . CNN 's Becky Anderson , Peter Wilkinson and Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	Berlusconi 's conviction is upheld , but the impact on his political career is unclear Italy high court : A lower court should reconsider barring him from public office The former prime minister was convicted of tax evasion last October
CNN  -- FIFA executive committee member Angel Villa Llona has defended football 's world governing body against recent media allegations of corruption . Speaking during his country Spain and Portugal 's final presentation on Thursday to jointly host the 2018 World Cup , Villa Llona described reports against his organization as slanderous and said that it was "  clean . " "  Recently we have been criticized by many media outlets . Unfortunately for them FIFA is a clean institution , " the 60-year-old said , just hours ahead of the vote to decide the hosts of the 2018 and 2022 tournaments . "  You have already heard enough slander in the media , the bidding process is clean regardless of what they say . " Two members of the executive committee and four other officials were suspended by FIFA last week following an investigation by British newspaper The Sunday Times . This week the BBC 's Panorama program claimed another three current executive committee members had accepted bribes more than a decade ago . But in a passionate speech , with Spain 's prime minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero and his Portuguese counterpart Jose Socrates in attendance at FIFA headquarters in Switzerland , Villa Llona denied that any of the now 22-strong committee were guilty of corruption . "  I love FIFA dearly but those I love the most are my colleagues in the ExCo , " Villa Llona said . "  FIFA values honesty , FIFA works for football and for the world , and all my colleagues here present are all honest , hard-working football people and the people not here are also honest and hard-working . " The Iberian bid 's three rivals -- Holland-Belgium , Russia and England -- also gave their final presentations at the FIFA headquarters in Zurich on Thursday . England 's bid -- which some believe has been damaged by the revelations in the British press -- was bolstered by speeches from prime minister David Cameron , soccer superstar David Beckham and Prince William . The Russian delegation were without their prime minister Vladimir Putin , who on Wednesday complained of an unfair bidding process at FIFA , but the bid was injected with a touch of glamour after the arrival of model Natalia Vodianova and Olympic pole-vault champion Yelena Isinbayeva . Meanwhile , underdogs Holland and Belgium rolled out Dutch footballing greats Johan Cruyff and Ruud Gullit to put their bid back in the spotlight . The candidates for the 2022 World Cup -- Australia , Korea , Japan , the U.S. and Qatar -- gave their final presentations in Switzerland on Wednesday .	Spanish executive committee member Angel Villa Llona insists FIFA is a clean organization Llona gave a speech during Spain and Portugal 's final presentations in 2018 bid Last week six officials were suspended following a media investigation into bribery Llona defended his colleagues against allegations of corruption ahead of vote on World Cups
CNN  -- It 's no wonder the illustrious Silver Arrow has a special place in the Mercedes team 's hearts . The car with the distinctive silver livery has delivered some of its greatest victories -- from successive world championships in the 1950s to the China Grand Prix earlier this month . Now a new generation of Mercedes stars will be paying homage to the racy little number -- and its most famous driver -- ahead of the DTM season opener this weekend . Almost 57 years after F1 legend Juan Manual Fangio won the Italian Grand Prix in the Silver Arrow , driver Nico Rosberg will again be getting behind the wheel of the classic car . Rosberg 's career-first F1 win at this month 's China Grand Prix is Mercedes ' first victory since Fangio in Italy in 1955 . And to mark the occasion , 26-year-old Rosberg will be taking the classic Mercedes W196 for a spin on Saturday before the DTM touring car series season opener at Hockenheim . "  I am absolutely delighted to be returning to Hockenheim as a Grand Prix winner , " he said on the Mercedes F1 website . "  Last year , I was able to drive a classic Silver Arrow on the famous Nurburgring Nordschleife , so now I 'm really looking forward to climbing into the cockpit of Juan Manuel Fangio 's phenomenal W196 streamliner from Monza in 1955 and driving a few laps at Hockenheim . "  It means a lot to me that we have written a new chapter in the wonderful history of Mercedes in motorsport -- and that there is plenty more still to come . " The German follows in the footsteps of F1 racing father Keke , who won the world title with Williams in 1982 . However he still has some catching up to do to his famous Finnish father who collected five race wins in a nine-season career from 1978 to 1986 . "  I have great memories of the DTM , " Rosberg said . "  The earliest date back to when my father was still racing . Then I started competing in the various junior classes that are staged as part of the DTM race weekend as I started out on my own motorsport career . A lot has happened in the meantime , and the highlight so far was obviously my win in China one week ago . " Rosberg , who failed to repeat his performance in last week 's Bahrain Grand Prix , finishing fifth , will be joined on the track by fellow Mercedes driver Michael Schumacher . The seven-time world champion , who finished 10th in Bahrain , will be behind the wheel of the 2011 Silver Arrow MGP W02 on Sunday . "  After a busy start to the Formula One season with four flyaway races in succession , it will be nice to come back to Germany , " said Schumacher , whose younger brother Ralf -- a former F1 competitor -- drives in the DTM series . "  I 'm especially looking forward to the chance to give the fans a taste of a Formula One Silver Arrow in action . This will be my first visit to a DTM race in 20 years , and I hope that my brother and his fellow Mercedes-Benz drivers will get their season off to a great start . "	The Silver Arrow has an important place in Mercedes history F1 legend Juan Manual Fangio won the 1955 Italian Grand Prix in the classic W196 57 years later , China Grand Prix winner Rosberg drives car ahead at Hockenheim Seven-time world champ Michael Schumacher will drive 2011 Silver Arrow MGP W02
CNN  -- Yemenia Airways is canceling all its flights between Yemen and the Comoros Islands after this week 's crash on the same route , the airline said Saturday . Bahia Bakari holds her father 's hand as she lies on a stretcher in a plane after landing in France . One more flight between Sanaa and Moroni is scheduled for Sunday , but all flights on the route are canceled after that , Yemenia said . A Yemenia Airways Airbus 310 went down early Tuesday , carrying 142 passengers and 11 crew members . It originated in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , and went down just miles from Comoros ' capital , Moroni . One person , 13-year-old French girl Bahia Basari , survived for hours in the Indian Ocean clinging to the debris of the downed plane . She arrived home in France on Thursday , where she was reunited with her father . Watch teen survivor from crash " She is the only known survivor from the crash , which killed her mother . The Airbus 310 plane tried to land at the airport in Moroni , then made a U-turn before it crashed , Comoros Vice President Idi Nadhoim said . The Comoros Islands are between the east African country of Tanzania and the island nation of Madagascar . French and U.S. divers are helping to search for debris and bodies . The French military has detected a rescue beacon , but rescue workers say the wreckage is difficult to reach in deep waters . The plane 's data recorders have yet to be found , said Capt. Mohammed Abdel Rahman Abdel Qadir , a spokesman for Yemen 's civil aviation department .	Teenage girl only person to survive plane crash off Comoros islands French , U.S. divers are helping to search for debris and bodies from the plane The plane 's data recorders have yet to be found , Yemeni authorities say
