For Atlanta Hawks controlling owner Bruce Levenson , "  a light bulb went off . " In a 2012 e-mail addressing the troubles the franchise faced in attracting more affluent white season-ticket holders , Levenson said he had taken a look around Philips Arena and noticed a few things . First , the audience was 70 % black , he wrote . But that was n't all . The stadium 's bars were 90 % black . There were few fathers and sons at the games . The cheerleaders were black . The music played in the arena was hip-hop , and the after-game concerts were either rap or gospel acts . "  Then i start looking around at other arenas . It is completely different . Even  Washington  DC with its affluent black community never has more than 15 pct black audience , " he wrote . Read the email in its entirety Now , he 's losing his franchise because of the e-mail . Levenson , who serves as managing partner and is the team 's representative on the NBA Board of Governors , announced in a statement Sunday that he will sell his controlling stake in the team after an "  e-mail two years ago that was inappropriate and offensive . " A man answering the phone at his Maryland home told CNN that Levenson was not taking any phone calls . In focusing on low attendance at Hawks games and the need to boost season-ticket sales and corporate sponsors , Levenson said in his statement , he had spoken with executives about diversifying the fan base and including more suburban whites . During those discussions , "  I shared my thoughts on why our efforts to bridge Atlanta 's racial sports divide seemed to be failing , " he wrote . "  I trivialized our fans by making cliched assumptions about their interests  i.e. hip hop vs. country , white vs. black cheerleaders , etc.  and by stereotyping their perceptions of one another  i.e. that white fans might be afraid of our black fans  , " he said in his statement . "  By focusing on race , I also sent the unintentional and hurtful message that our white fans are more valuable than our black fans . " ` The black crowd scared away the whites ' In his 2012 e-mail to Hawks general manager Danny Ferry , Levenson wrote that before his Atlanta Spirit bought the Hawks in 2003 , thousands of tickets were being given away , mostly to the black community , in an effort to make the arena appear less empty . It was a trend that continued for a couple of years after the Atlanta Spirit Group took over , he wrote in a seemingly informal e-mail rife with punctuation errors and misspellings . "  My theory is that the black crowd scared away the whites and there are simply not enough affluent black fans to build a signficant season ticket base , " he wrote . "  i never felt uncomfortable , but i think southern whites simply were not comfortable being in an arena or at a bar where they were in the minority . " Levenson derided claims on fan websites that the arena is unsafe or in a bad part of town as "  racist garbage , " but then suggested an array of changes inside the stadium , all based on race . "  I have been open with our executive team about these concerns . I have told them I want some white cheerleaders and while i do n't care what the color of the artist is , i want the music to be music familiar to a 40 year old white guy if that 's our season tixs demo , " he wrote . He continued , "  i have also balked when every fan picked out of crowd to shoot shots in some time out contest is black . I have even bitched that the kiss cam is too black . " Things had changed since Levenson implemented these suggestions , he wrote , boasting that the crowd was closer to 40 % black by 2012 , by his admittedly unscientific estimate . That was still four to five times higher than other NBA franchises , he wrote , "  and my further guess is that 40 pct still feels like 70  percent  to some whites at our games . Our bars are still overwhelmingly black . " While noting this was a sensitive issue , Levenson went on to declare it "  far and way the number one reason our season ticket base is so low . And many of our black fans do n't have the spendable income which explains why our  food and beverage  and merchandise sales are so low . At all white thrasher games sales were nearly triple what they are at hawks games . " The year before Levenson wrote the controversial email , the Atlanta Spirit Group sold its NHL team , the Atlanta Thrashers , to a Canadian ownership group that moved the team north of the border . It 's now called the Winnipeg Jets . Comparisons to Donald Sterling In his Sunday statement , Levenson said the NBA should have no tolerance for racism , a sentiment he also expressed during a CNN interview earlier this year when he talked about Donald Sterling , the Los Angeles Clippers owner who was caught making racist remarks on tape . Team owners behaving badly Discussing Sterling 's reluctance to sell the team after the scandal broke , Levenson said in May that , as a fellow team owner , he could n't be partners with someone who holds those types of views . "  I think I speak for all of my partners when I say we were all deeply offended . We all quickly spoke out against the words we heard on that tape , " Levenson said . NBA Commissioner Adam Silver , who brought the hammer down on Sterling , called Levenson 's 2012 email "  entirely unacceptable " and commended Levenson for self-reporting to the league office . Levenson told the league in July about the August 2012 e-mail , and the NBA conducted an investigation , the statement said . "  Levenson  shared with me how truly remorseful he is for using those hurtful words and how apologetic he is to the entire NBA family -- fans , players , team employees , business partners and fellow team owners -- for having diverted attention away from our game , " Silver said . The league will work with the Hawks to determine the appropriate sale process for the team , Silver said . Hawks CEO Steve Koonin will oversee team operations , the league said . In closing his statement , Levenson said he was embarrassed by the email and apologized to the team and its fans . "  To the Hawks family and its fans , you have my deepest gratitude for the past ten years , " Levenson wrote . "  Working with this team and its extraordinary executives , coaching staff , and players has been one of the highlights of my life . I am proud of our diverse , passionate , and growing legion of Hawks fans , and I will continue to join you in cheering for the best team in the NBA . " According to the Hawks website , Levenson , a former journalist , co-founded United Communications Group , a portfolio of business information companies , and is a founding shareholder and former board member for TechTarget , a technology media company .	"  I want some white cheerleaders " and music familiar to whites , Levenson wrote He also said "  white fans might be afraid of our black fans , " owner acknowledges NBA chief calls e-mail "  entirely unacceptable , " commends Levenson self-reporting
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- New Orleans , Louisiana , Mayor Ray Nagin arrived in Cuba late Friday on a mission to learn about how to deal with storms , a spokeswoman said . Mayor Ray Nagin watches President Obama speak in New Orleans , Louisiana , on Thursday . "  We understand we may have a lot to learn from the Cubans in terms of disaster preparedness and how they have dealt with hurricanes , " spokeswoman Ceeon Quiett said . Cuba is internationally applauded for exceptional disaster management , according to a news release from Nagin 's office . In the Cuban capital , Havana , Nagin plans to meet with several officials , including some from the Latin American Medical Centers for Disaster . He will also learn about preparations the Cuba Defense Committee makes in advance of disasters . Nagin 's trip comes a day after President Obama held a town hall meeting in New Orleans , still reeling from the aftermath of deadly Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . "  It has now been just over four years since that terrible storm struck your shores , " the president said . "  And -LSB- in -RSB- the days after it did , this nation and all the world bore witness to the fact that the damage from Katrina was not caused just by a disaster of nature but also by a breakdown of government , that government was n't adequately prepared , and we did n't appropriately respond . " Since Katrina , New Orleans has adjusted its disaster response with new evacuation plans . As Hurricane Gustav threatened the city last year , officials evacuated more than 18,000 residents , the release said . Three powerful hurricanes hit Cuba last year , damaging half a million homes and causing $ 10 billion in losses , according to the Cuban government . But only seven people died , thanks to a smooth evacuation plan . Some aspects of the communist nation 's response , including mandatory evacuations , may not be possible in a democracy . Still , some Americans believe that they can learn from their Caribbean neighbor . The mayor of Galveston , Texas , another city hit hard by Gulf of Mexico hurricanes , visited Cuba this year . Nagin is the first New Orleans mayor to make an official visit to Cuba in 50 years . The State Department sanctioned Nagin 's trip , Quiett said . He plans to return to New Orleans on Thursday . CNN 's David Ariosto contributed to this report .	Ray Nagin to meet with Cuban officials , learn about disaster plans State Department sanctioned visit , mayor 's representative says New Orleans adjusted disaster plans after Hurricane Katrina Three hurricanes hit Cuba last year , but only seven people died
Irbil , Iraq  CNN  -- The offensive by ISIS militants against civilians and religious minorities in the northern Iraqi governorate of Nineveh has created a catastrophe . At least 300,000 Yazidis and 100,000 Christians were displaced literally overnight , according to figures provided by the Kurdistan regional government . Many of the Yazidis fled to the mountains on August 3 after Kurdish fighting forces known as Peshmerga , who were protecting them , precipitously withdrew . For the Christians in villages north of Irbil , the moment came in the wee hours of August 7 , when the Peshmerga silently pulled out . The thousands of Yazidis who had remained stranded on a mountain seem to be getting out for now after U.S. airstrikes helped clear a safe path for escape . But even if they reach a safer place in Iraqi Kurdistan , their longer-term prospects are grim as long as forces of ISIS , which refers to itself as the Islamic State , control the area where they lived . On August 6 , I visited a Yazidi village south of Duhuk -- a magnet for 60,000 to 70,000 of the fleeing Yazidis . They had bread and water but not much else . Many more -- upward of 150,000 -- were on the rugged mountains a dozen or so kilometers north of Sinjar . They found little sustenance or shelter amid the mountains ' sparse vegetation and summer temperatures of up to 120 degrees Fahrenheit . Perhaps 40,000 managed to escape on the northern side that day before ISIS surrounded the mountains . Over the following days , a few thousand more trickled out in small groups , braving ISIS snipers as they made their way north . The latest U.N. field reports say an average of more than 10,000 people a day have been crossing from Syria into the Kurdish region of Iraq by a small bridge at Peshkhabour . Most are Yazidis , who had managed to make it down from the mountains and into Syria , about 20 kilometers  about 12 miles  away . Arab neighbors joined ISIS slaughter , escaped Yazidi says The Yazidis are ethnically related to Kurds but practice a 4,000-year-old religion . ISIS -- indeed many Muslims -- consider them to be "  devil worshippers , " and the militants seem intent on eliminating them as a religious community and culture . Who are the Yazidis , and why does ISIS want to kill them ? Indeed , Yazidis were the target of what was probably the worst attack against civilians in Iraq since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 . On August 14 , 2007 , four simultaneous bombings involving a fuel tanker and three cars killed upward of 500 Yazidis , wounded more than 1,500 and destroyed nearly 400 homes . The explosions were so huge that no trace could be found of dozens of people closest to the explosions . There was no Iraqi government investigation . No group claimed responsibility , but it was typical of bombings by the Islamic State of Iraq , predecessor to ISIS , which had reportedly distributed leaflets in the area shortly beforehand denouncing Yazidis as "  infidels . " The ISIS strategy since capturing Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul , a month ago is apparently to clear Nineveh -- home to many of Iraq 's religious minorities -- of civilians and anyone who is n't a Sunni Muslim . An ISIS photo spread distributed shortly after the capture of the Yazidi village of Sinjar showed the militants executing people who were clearly civilians . Fast facts on ISIS At least a dozen Yazidi men told me in the past week that ISIS had abducted scores of women and girls , detaining large numbers in a school in Tal Afar , a town northwest of Mosul . Others were trucked across the Syrian border to a detention center . Asad , a young Yazidi man working in Irbil at the time of the attack , said ISIS abducted 50 members of his extended family as they tried to escape and forced them to drive across the Syrian border . His brother Raad drove one of the cars , his cell phone open on his lap , on speaker , while Asad in Irbil kept adding funds from scratch cards to keep the line open . Raad described over four hours the route that ISIS forced the captured family to drive into Syria . "  I lost contact then , " Asad said . The next day he tried the numbers of another brother . Someone else answered . "  Do not call , " that person said . "  We have all their mobiles , we do n't know where they are , " and hung up .	Joe Stork : ISIS offensive in northern Iraq a catastrophe for Yazidis and Christians Yazidis driven to mountains are now escaping , but the threat remains , Stork says Stork : Some fleeing Yazidis suffered , died in rugged mountains ISIS considers members of religious minority to be "  devil worshippers , " he says
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Reggae legend Lucky Dube , one of South Africa 's most famous musicians , was killed in an attempted car-jacking as he dropped his children off at a relative 's house , his record label said Friday . Reggae star Lucky Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans . Dube , 43 , was killed in Johannesburg around 8 p.m. local time Thursday after someone tried to steal his car , Gallo Record Company said in a statement . Police said he was shot . The statement said Dube attempted to escape but died almost instantly from his wounds . Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans , and his death cast a shadow over festivities ahead of South Africa 's highly-anticipated appearance in the rugby World Cup final with England this weekend . News of his death was the headline in many Friday newspapers , knocking the World Cup off the front pages for the first time in days . Callers to talk radio stations suggested the Springboks wear black armbands in remembrance of Dube when they take to the field Saturday in Paris . Gallo Records called the death "  senseless and random , " and it was not clear whether Dube 's attackers knew who he was . South Africa is one of the most dangerous societies in the world . Figures from the South African Police Service show that from April 2006 to March 2007 , more than 19,000 South Africans were murdered , more than 52,600 people were raped , and nearly 13,600 people were carjacked . "  It 's very sad , " said Mark Sutherland , London bureau chief for Billboard Magazine . "  He 's a big loss to the South African music business .  He was  one of their most successful artists and certainly one of their leading reggae artists . " Sutherland said Dube was an extremely respected musician who toured extensively around the world . Dube had just returned from a tour of the United States that stretched from California to New York . His record company said Dube leaves "  a great void " in the music industry after a 25-year career . Dube recorded 22 albums in Zulu , English and Afrikaans . Born outside Johannesburg in 1964 , Dube was named "  Lucky " by his mother because he was the first child to be born after several failed pregnancies . Dube started singing in 1982 , joining a band playing Mbaqanga , or traditional Zulu music . It was only later that he began recording reggae tracks as a solo singer , but the genre was to dominate and define the remainder of his career . Ivor Haarburger , the chief exectutive of Gallo Music Group , said he was deeply saddened by the loss . "  Lucky was not just an extraordinary artist , he was a personal friend , " Haarburger said . "  It 's so sad to lose such a great friend and so tragically . " Dube is survived by his wife , Zanele , and his seven children : Bongi , Nonkululeko , Thokozani , Laura , Siyanda , Philani and three-month old Melokuhle . E-mail to a friend CNN correspondent Robin Curnow contributed to this report .	South African reggae legend Lucky Dube killed in attempted hijacking Dube , 43 , killed Thursday in Johannesburg after hijacker tried to steal his car Death casts shadow over South Africa 's preparations for rugby World Cup final
CNN  -- The final day of the European transfer window produced the usual flurry of frantic activity Friday but no big deal to match the $ 61 million transfer of Juan Mata from Chelsea to Manchester United earlier this month . Jose Mourinho 's Chelsea continued to re-invest the money until the last day , landing promising 19-year-old French central defender Kurt Zouma , who signed from Saint-Etienne for a reported fee of $ 19 million before being loaned back to the Ligue 1 side . Zouma , who has just served a 10-game ban for a foul challenge which broke an opponent 's leg , is the fourth player to sign for Roman Abramovich 's big spenders in January after Nemanja Matic , Mohamed Salah and Bertrand Traore . Chelsea 's West London rivals Fulham , battling against relegation from the English Premier League , landed Greek international striker Konstantinos Mitroglou from Olympiakos for a fee of nearly $ 20 milllion . The 25-year-old is a national hero in Greece after scoring three goals in their two-legged World Cup qualifying play-off against Romania last November . He will have to act as a replacement for former Manchester United star Dimitar Berbatov . The Bulgarian international striker has gone on loan to cash-rich Monaco . Claudio Ranieri 's team are challenging for the French league title but have lost their big money summer signing of Radamel Falcoa to injury and Berbatov will act as a high-profile replacement . Monaco slipped six points behind leaders Paris Saint Germain Friday as the reigning champions beat Bordeaux 2-0 with their big money signing from this window , former Newcastle midfielder Yohan Cabaye , coming on as a substitute for the capital giants . EPL title challengers Arsenal , who signed Mesut Ozil from Real Madrid before the start of the current season , strengthened their squad by the acquisition of experienced Swedish international midfielder Kim Kallstrom from Spartak Moscow on loan . "  Arsenal is an amazing club with a lot of great players and a coach who has done really well here for a long time , " Kallstrom told the club 's official website . But top of the table Manchester City have not added to their already strong squad , who are still campaigning on all four fronts under Manuel Pellegrini . City spent an estimated $ 100 million on player signings before the start of the current campaign , playing their part in record amounts changing hands by EPL clubs in the 2013-14 period . According to football finance experts Deloitte , the combined transfer spend of the 20 clubs had broken the # 700 million  $ 1.12 B  mark for the first time even before the frenetic last day of trading . This enormous sum is despite the likely restrictions imposed by UEFA 's new Financial Fair Play  FFP  rules , which limit the losses clubs can make . But according to a top lawyer specializing in sports finances , the big spending EPL clubs like Manchester City and Chelsea are unlikely to be troubled by the new regulations . "  It seems the Financial Fair Play rules are unlikely to have the desired effect of providing an even playing field if clubs generating huge losses can meet the rules , " Faye Bargery , a senior associate at law firm Thomas Eggar LLP , told CNN . "  Manchester City recently announced a # 51m  $ 81.6 million  loss  down from # 97m last year  but are confident that they will meet the FFP rules . "  Clubs have a number of ways to reduce their losses , including excluding money spent on youth development and facilities as well as amortizing transfer fees over the term of player ' contracts . "  However , the significant increase in commercial and sponsorship income for the top clubs , as evidenced by Arsenal 's recent kit deal with Puma , is likely to mean that the larger clubs can meet the rules but smaller clubs with less income are adversely effected . " La Liga giants Barcelona and Real Madrid , who signed Tottenham Hotspur 's Gareth Bale for a world record fee last August , kept their powder dry in the last day of trading , but other European powerhouses strengthened their squads . Runaway Serie A leaders Juventus signed Argentina-born forward Dani Osvaldo on loan from EPL Southampton . Osvaldo was a club record signing for Southampton but has lasted less than five months at St Mary 's after he was reported to have had an altercation with teammate Jose Fonte last week . Inter Milan also completed the big money signing of Brazilian midfield star Hernanes from Lazio on a four-and-a-half year deal . Last season 's Champions League finalists Borussia Dortmund attempted to boost a flagging season by signing 21-year-old Serbia midfielder Milos Jojic from Partizan Belgrade on the final day of the window . Dortmund celebrated later Friday by scoring their first Bundesliga win in five games with a 2-1 victory at bottom side Eintracht Braunschweig . Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang grabbed both their goals .	Final day of European winter transfer window sees usual round of frantic trading Former Manchester United star Dimitar Berbatov goes from to Ligue 1 Monaco on loan Greece international striker Konstantinos Mitroglou signs for Fulham from Olympiakos EPL clubs have spent record of over $ 1.1 B on transfers in the 2013-14 windows
CNN  -- Any way you slice it , thousands of same-sex couples across the United States were thrilled by Wednesday 's Supreme Court rulings . But in 37 states , some same-sex couples were n't as happy as they 'd hoped to be . They 're the 37 states that ban same-sex marriage , and the Supreme Court decisions on the Defense of Marriage Act and California 's Proposition 8 were n't broad enough to change that status . Do n't get them wrong , many couples in these states feel the ruling is an overall victory , especially for "  our folks in California -LSB- who -RSB- can be blissfully married again , " as Maryland resident Nicolene du Toit , who anxiously awaited the ruling with her wife over the phone , put it . In addition to saying that same-sex marriages could resume in California , the court decided that same-sex spouses legally married in a state may receive federal benefits . But some couples could n't help but be disappointed that the rulings may not make a difference in their own states -- at least for now . What 's next for gay rights movement ? "  Immediately , it does n't mean anything , " said Brandi Ansley of Atlanta . Georgia is one of the states that does not allow same-sex marriage . "  There 's no reason for us to run out and get married  in a state that allows it  , because she would n't be able to insure me and the children . " South Carolina resident Jordan Sullivan agreed . "  It 's a wonderful step in the right direction , but I still ca n't help but feel sad and disappointed that the ruling does not extend to all states , including South Carolina , " said Sullivan , who 's been with her partner nearly three years and would like to get married . "  I can only hope we wo n't be like the last kid picked in gym class . " And for couples like Casey Miller and John Martin , the federal benefits ruling brings up a number of questions that even legal experts do n't agree on . Miller and Martin were legally married in California in 2008 . But they live in Texas , where same-sex marriage is n't recognized . So will they qualify for federal tax , health and pension benefits ? Erwin Chemerinsky , dean of law at the University of California-Irvine and a constitutional law expert , says yes . "  A couple that was lawfully married in a state , but moves to another state , still is married , " he said . "  Their marriage has not been ended , even if not recognized in their new state . So they get all federal benefits accorded to married couples , though their marriage will not be recognized in their new state . " But Neil Siegel , a law professor at Duke University and an expert on the Supreme Court , did n't think the issue was quite so black and white . Opinion : Fight for gay rights must continue "  It 's not clear , " he said . "  The federal agencies are going to have to decide , and different agencies may decide differently . Congress could always step in , and eventually you 're going to have federal courts ruling . There may be additional protection from certain federal agencies , but it 's not clear at this point which ones or when . " "  It would n't be surprising to me to hear the president order the federal agencies to say that if -LSB- a same-sex couple -RSB- is lawfully married in one state , that they have to provide benefits wherever they 're living , " he added . Same-sex couples : What the Supreme Court decision means for your finances Miller finds all the uncertainty frustrating and described the rulings as "  an expensive baby step . " "  Are we still second-class citizens ? " he asked . Other same-sex couples in states that do not allow them to marry say they 're still worried about the same issues that plagued them before , like hospital visitation , adoption and end-of-life rights . And some say that , even if they could be afforded federal benefits by marrying in a state that allows same-sex marriage , they deserve the right to get married in the states where they 've made their home . "  I hope the Supreme Court takes the ruling a step further to make it a national law , so we can legally get married under big oak trees in Charleston , with our friends and family from all over the world sharing the joy and excitement on a day that once did n't seem possible , " mused Sullivan . "  To my LGBT brethren in more accepting states , especially you who got a double in California ... rejoice and be happy , for this day is truly yours , " wrote R.J. McKay , an Ohio resident who 's been with his partner for 15 years . "  For those of us stuck in less accepting states , this was a huge symbolic win ... keep  your  eye on the prize . " CNN 's Christina Zdanowicz , Daphne Sashin , Nicole Saidi and Julia Carpenter contributed to this report .	Wednesday 's Supreme Court rulings left some same-sex couples with conflicting feelings In 37 states , same-sex couples still are n't allowed to marry Will benefits ruling apply to same-sex couples who marry outside their home state ? Are you part of a same-sex couple affected by the decisions ? Share your thoughts
CNN  -- The 54-year-old Michigan tree trimmer severely beaten after he accidentally struck a child who had stepped into the street earlier this month is breathing on his own , according to his daughter . "  He is off the ventilator and is able to breathe on his own , " Mandi Marie Utash posted Friday to a GoFundMe.com page she and her brother set up for their father , who they say does not have health insurance . Steven Utash was set upon by about a dozen people after his truck struck a 10-year-old boy , police said . After Utash stopped his vehicle to help the boy , he was "  severely beaten " with "  fists and feet , " Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy said in a statement . Authorities credited a woman who stepped in as Utash was being attacked with saving his life . Mandi Marie Utash wrote that her father does n't seem to know what happened to him or why he was in the hospital , but that he is able to wiggle his toes on command and answer yes or no questions . "  These are baby steps , " she says . She wrote that her father "  keeps flashing back to the assault screaming for "  HELP " and "  PLEASE GET THEM OFF ME . " "  This is a long road ahead , " she said . "  But the end of the road will be worth it . " Steven Utash had previously been in a medically induced coma . Jennifer Moreno , a police spokeswoman , told CNN that all of the alleged assailants were African-American and that none are known to be related to the boy or his family . She said the beating was "  a spontaneous response . " Utash is white . Five suspects ranging in age from 16 to 30 have been arrested so far and charged with assault with intent to murder and assault with intent to do great bodily harm , according to Worthy . The 16-year-old , who is charged as a juvenile , is accused of ethnic intimidation . The state of Michigan 's penal code says a person is guilty of ethnic intimidation "  if that person maliciously , and with specific intent to intimidate or harass another person because of that person 's race , color , religion , gender , or national origin , causes physical contact with another person -LSB- or -RSB- damages , destroys , or defaces any real or personal property of another person . " It can carry a prison sentence of up to two years . On Saturday , the 16-year-old had his preliminary hearing and was ordered held on $ 400,000 bond . His next court appearance will be April 17 . The prosecutor 's office said the boy who was struck by Utash 's truck was taken to a local hospital and treated for a leg injury . He is at home recovering . Some have suggested that the attack reflects racial tensions in the city . Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan and City Council President Brenda Jones issued a statement Friday asking for calm . "  This senseless vigilante-style attack is not the essence of who we are as Detroiters and will not be tolerated , " the statement said . Utash 's other daughter , Felicia Utash , told CNN affiliate WXYZ that she does n't want to believe the assault on her father was a hate crime , but she is pleased that suspects have been apprehended . Police were searching for the remaining suspects . CNN 's Haimy Assefa contributed to this report .	Steven Utash , 54 , appears to be recovering from beating , daughter says Utash was attacked after he accidentally hit a boy with his car Five suspects ranging in age from 16 to 30 have been charged
CNN Student News  -- March 30 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Colorado & Rhode Island Afghanistan North Sea Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- They were tears of pride , of relief , but most of all , tears that marked the end of Phil Mickelson 's 22-year battle to conquer the greatest test in the game of golf . The wind , the weather , the firm ground , the prohibitive rough -- all components of nature that make links golf one of the biggest challenges to any player . Until the final Sunday of the 142nd British Open at Muirfield , Mickelson did n't know if he had in his locker all the elements to suppress Scotland 's elements . But the emphatic answer came in a frenzied final few hours of the championship , a blizzard of birdies propelling ` Lefty ' towards his fifth major title , and the sweetest of his career to date . Surging through the field with four birdies in the final six holes he cast aside the likes of 14-time major winner Tiger Woods and Masters champion Adam Scott to conclude a journey that began on the links of Lancashire in England back in 1991 . At the 20th time of asking , the British Open crown was his . "  Winning this Open Championship -- the tournament that has been the most elusive and the most difficult for me to play my best in -- is probably the greatest accomplishment of my career , " he told CNN World Sport . "  It 's special to be part of the Championship , to be on the Claret Jug , to have won this tournament . Muirfield is a special golf course , a very demanding test , but all Open courses are demanding . "  Any win here is special because the links style of golf is so unique and to finally break through and conquer links golf is a great accomplishment for me and my career . " Resilience has been a steadfast theme in Mickelson 's make up throughout his time as a professional . Just five Sundays ago Mickelson suffered the heartbreak of yet another second-placed finish in the only major championship that continues to elude him -- the U.S. Open . It was the sixth time he 'd finished runner-up in the tournament and he left the viciously difficult Merion course distraught that England 's Justin Rose had beaten him by one shot . But after stewing on yet another near miss for a few days , he resolved to work even harder on his game , the fruits of which poured forth on the course beside the Firth of Forth . "  Part of golf is dealing with failure , dealing with losing , " he explained moments after conducting his first press conference as British Open champion . "  The U.S. Open was a very difficult loss for me because it was a tournament that I 've wanted to win so badly throughout my career . I 've come so close and to let it slide at Merion was a huge disappointment . "  But after a few days of sulking I was able to reassess and see that I was playing some of the best golf of my career and that I did n't want to let a tournament that got away affect these future events . "  I used it as a motivating factor to work a little harder and get ready for these upcoming majors . " Mickelson 's dozen It was a sensational final half dozen holes that catapulted Mickelson into the lead , a run that none of the other contenders could match . By the time he reached the 17th the 43-year-old knew the championship was in his sights and two shots he described as "  screaming bullets " helped him land a fatal blow on his rivals . Playing at 575 yards , and into the wind , Mickelson struck two perfect three woods , to roll his second onto the green , take two putts for a regulation birdie putt and clasp one hand on the Claret Jug . "  I 've been playing some of my best golf these last few months , striking the ball better than I ever have , " he added . "  But there are two areas of my game that have really changed . One is putting -- you saw today -- I 'm putting the best I 've ever putted in my career , I 'm making everything . "  The second is driving the ball off the tee . I have a club now -- a three wood -- I hit long and I hit it straight . "  On 17 I hit two three woods where not many people are getting there in two -- these screaming bullets down the middle of the fairway when I had to hit the fairway -- then onto the green for an easy two-putt birdie . "  It 's what won me this British Open and it 's what 's giving me a chance to compete and contend in these big events now because I 'm able to get the ball on the fairway without any of the problems I 've had in the past . " Team Mickelson After another birdie on the final hole , the emotion that Mickelson had been wrestling with in the closing stages poured out , as he embraced long-time caddy Jim ` Bones ' Mackay . And he paid tribute to the team around him , and his family , after a triumph that enshrines his name amidst 142 years of Open history . "  I 'm really lucky to have such special people in my life , " he said . "  Bones is Bones , he 's the best at what he does and to have him my entire career , I 'm so lucky . "  And then to have a life partner like Amy and to have three healthy children , to have those people in my life makes moments like this even more fulfilling to be able to share it with them . "	American Phil Mickelson has waited 22 years to win the British Open The 43-year-old described it as the "  most elusive " of all majors Mickelson rates conquering Muirfield 's links course as a great accomplishment The only major eluding Mickelson is the U.S. Open
CNN  -- Finland 's Mikko Hirvonen led a Ford clean sweep of the podium in the Rally of Sweden , the opening round of the world rally championship . Hirvonen , who won the corresponding race last season , showed his liking for the only rally of this status held solely on snow , with a commanding victory . Teammate Mads Ostberg of Norway finished at 6.5 seconds and Finland 's Jari-Matti Latvala was 34 seconds adrift in third . Seven-time defending champion Sebastien Loeb finished well off the pace in sixth after suffering delays on Friday . But the Frenchman had the consolation of claiming second in his Citroen on the inaugural Power Stage which has been introduced by organizers to boost interest in the series and is televised live . Loeb 's compatriot Sebastien Ogier claimed victory on the stage , which concluded the competitive action . It earned him three bonus points in the standings as he finished fourth . The 30-year-old Hirvonen could afford to avoid mistakes in the final showdown as he took his 13th world rally championship victory after finishing runner-up to Loeb in the 2008 and 2009 title races . "  I was really nervous before the last stage but what a fantastic start from the team with the new car , " Hirvonen told the official world rally website . "  The car has been quick straight away and after a tough season last year I am really pleased with this , " he added . Hirvonen had led going into the final day of the Karlstad-based race with just over 15 seconds dividing the first five drivers . He was pushed all the way by 23-year-old Ostberg , who took the lead on Friday 's opening stage and drove without error for his best career result alongside Swedish co-driver Jonas Andersson . The championship now heads to Mexico for round two of the series from March 3-6 .	Mikko Hirvonen wins the Rally of Sweden for the second straight year Hirvonen leads clean sweep of the podium by his Ford Fiesta team Reigning world champion Sebastien Loeb struggles to sixth spot
CNN  -- As it slowly became clear that quarterback Peyton Manning would not be healthy enough to play for the Indianapolis Colts this season , his teammates embraced the following rallying cry : "  We 're not just a one-man team , " they would say defensively . "  We 've still got Pro Bowl players here . We can still win games . " Most of us bought in . Why would n't we ? There was a culture of winning -- a Super Bowl title , another Super Bowl appearance , 12-win seasons as a matter of habit -- and lots of players remaining who were an integral part of establishing that culture . Look at the remaining roster : Top receiver Reggie Wayne and tight end Dallas Clark . Defensive ends Dwight Freeney and Robert Mathis . Top-tier center Jeff Saturday . And then they lost their first 13 games of the 2011 football season , and have a chance to become just the third team in the National Football League 's modern history to finish the year without a win or a tie . Not a one-man team ? Now we know better . Manning , the Hall of Fame-worthy 35-year-old quarterback , firmly established himself as the most irreplaceable player in the game this season , and did it without taking a single snap . Some have even suggested he deserves Most Valuable Player consideration : With him , the Colts are a perennial Super Bowl contender , without him they 're a laughingstock . One player can have this kind of understandable impact in the NBA , where a LeBron James can leave Cleveland Cavaliers and reduce them from a 60-win team to the worst team in the league . In the NBA , you 're talking about five players on the court at a time . Nobody could have imagined this would happen in football , where Manning is one of 11 players , and does n't play defense or special teams . When the New England Patriots lost Tom Brady for the 2008 season , they still went 11-5 . The Colts , who two years ago were in the middle of a debate over whether an undefeated season was possible , are now wondering if they will win a single game . We 've always known Manning is the face of the franchise  and , to a certain extent , the entire NFL  . Now we 're finding out he 's the heart , the soul , the brains ... everything . The Colts are n't just losing this season ; they 're barely competitive , enduring a season that included a nationally televised , 62-7 shellacking by the Saints in New Orleans . "  I 'm shocked , " Colts guard Ryan Diem said recently . "  How can you not be ? " The Colts entered the season believing that Manning , coming off his second neck surgery , would become available sometime within the first month of the season . But the pain and weakness persisted in Manning 's shoulder and arm . It was then determined Manning should undergo his third neck surgery in 19 months , a single-level anterior fusion . "  That offense has evolved around a special guy , " Kerry Collins , a veteran quarterback the Colts signed to replace Manning , told the New York Times . "  Peyton has a football IQ that is off the charts and a physical gift as well . There is no way to go in there and run the offense like he does . " The bottom line is this : The Colts were built around Manning . For more than a decade , that was an understandable approach . The Colts were beacons of enduring excellence , one of the best franchises in the NFL and all of sports . But when the foundation is removed , the entire structure crumbles . All the Colts ' best players are reliant on Manning . The receivers , Pierre Garcon , Austin Collie and Wayne . The tight end , Clark . The two pass rushers , Freeney and Mathis , do their best work when their team has a lead , and the Colts are n't doing that . Meanwhile , nobody 's quite sure when and if Manning will return . He announced two weeks ago that the neck fusion was progressing and he could increase the intensity of his rehabilitation . It remains highly unlikely , though , that he will practice with the team the remaining three weeks of the season . So now it gets weirdly interesting . Turns out the Colts picked the perfect year to stink . If they get the first pick in the draft -- and they have a two-game lead on Minnesota and St. Louis with three games remaining -- they will be in position to pick Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck , by most accounts the best quarterback prospect to come out of college since Hall of Famer John Elway left Stanford and joined the Denver Broncos in 1983 . Not a bad deal : The Colts get 13 years of elite quarterbacking from Manning , suffer for one season , then get Luck for another decade or more of elite quarterbacking . But then the question becomes , what do the Colts do with Luck and Manning ? SI video on Manning and Luck Last week , Manning 's father , former NFL quarterback Archie Manning , told two different radio shows that Luck and Peyton would not be able to play on the same team . The argument was that both would want to play right away and should play right away . Manning expects to be healthy , and Luck is viewed as the most NFL-ready quarterback to come out of college in years .  Archie backtracked on those comments one day later  . Here 's the rub : The Colts have to decide whether to give Manning a $ 28 million option bonus in early March . The simplest option would be to let Manning leave as a free agent -- although it 's never simple when emotions are involved and it involves a transcendent civic icon . The other option is to pay the money and then figure things out . But it 's not as simple as paying the cash and then trading him . The bonus is due in early March . The league year , which would be the first opportunity for the Colts to make a trade , begins March 15 . If the Colts wanted to trade Manning , it would cost them $ 28 million , plus they would take a $ 38 million cap hit  NFL teams have a maximum amount to spend each year on player salaries and bonuses  . That 's an enormous number and would not allow them to field a competitive team . Indianapolis fans would like to keep Manning for a couple of years and then transition to Luck . But that 's a tough call , too . Luck has not yet addressed the situation , but there 's reason to believe he would have no interest in sitting behind Manning for two or three years . As a first pick , he would have leverage , and could force the Colts to trade his pick , as was the case with Elway and Eli Manning . Let 's say the Colts keep Manning for a year and then deal him : It 's a $ 28 million cap hit , still enormous , leaving them short of cap money to surround Luck with talented players . "  We are n't close to making any decisions , " Colts vice chairman Bill Polian said . More and more , it looks like the Colts will have to make a clean break and move into the Luck Era . The more immediate concern , though , is this : They just want to win a game .	The Colts have gone winless without injured starting quarterback Peyton Manning Manning has led the team to unprecedented success and a Super Bowl championship Colts will be in position to draft Andrew Luck if they finish with the NFL 's worst record Colts might end up with a decision to make between Manning and Luck
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan acknowledged through Twitter postings Friday night that she failed a recent drug test , but the actress said she 's "  working hard to overcome " her drug addiction . Lohan 's supervised probation for a 2007 drunken driving conviction requires frequent drug tests . The judge warned her last month any failure could send her back to jail . "  Regrettably , I did in fact fail my most recent drug test and if I am asked , I am prepared to appear before judge Fox next week as a result , " Lohan tweeted Friday evening . She spent 23 days in a court-ordered drug rehab program last month , which followed a 13-day jail stint imposed when a Los Angeles judge ruled that Lohan violated her probation . Judge Elden Fox , who took over Lohan 's case when she was released , imposed a new set of rules for her to follow until November . It included weekly counseling sessions for alcohol and drug rehab , random drug tests and behavioral therapy . "  Substance abuse is a disease , which unfortunately does n't go away overnight , " Lohan tweeted . "  I am working hard to overcome it and am taking positive steps . "	Lohan says she failed a recent drug test The actress says she is "  working hard " to overcome her drug problem The judge warned a failed drug test could mean more jail time
CNN  Two U.K. charities have stopped funding a Muslim advocacy group that had earlier helped ISIS 's masked murderer "  Jihadi John , " now identified as Mohammed Emwazi , before his radicalization , the group said . The human rights and advocacy group CAGE in London said it accepted the loss of funding from the Roddick Foundation and the Joseph Rowntree Charitable Trust . But CAGE blamed a "  neo-conservative " leadership on the U.K. 's Charity Commission for pressuring the two charities to halt funding . "  We respect their decision . We thank them for their past support . Both of these charities have played a significant role in contributing to the development of Muslim civil society here in the UK , " CAGE spokesperson Amandla Thomas-Johnson said Friday . The termination of funding came after the Charity Commission "  took robust action " and cited how "  public statements by CAGE officials heightened concerns about the use of charitable funds to support their activities , " the commission said in a statement . The commission did n't specify those statements by CAGE , but stated that "  in our view , those statements increased the threat to public trust and confidence in charity and raised clear questions for a charity considering funding CAGE 's activities as to how the trustees of those charities could comply with their legal duties as charity trustees , " the commission said . "  CAGE is not a charity but has been in part funded by British charities . As it is not a charity and given the nature of its work , and the controversy it has attracted , the Charity Commission has been concerned that such funding risked damaging public trust and confidence in charity , " the commission said . "  As the regulator of charities , we expect all charities and trustees to ensure that all charitable funds are used according to their charity 's purposes and in the way that the public would expect , " the commission said . CAGE said it had worked with Emwazi and indicated that British authorities ' tactics pushed him to radicalize . CAGE said that emails he sent the organization paint a picture of a desperate man hounded by authorities who saw his plans for a new life crumble as he tried unsuccessfully to get help . Emwazi felt he was being harassed by authorities and tried to seek legal help to stop it , according to CAGE . Emwazi , a Kuwaiti-born Londoner , was a "  polite " and "  beautiful young man " who would drop into the CAGE office with treats to thank the group for helping him , the group said . Emwazi came to CAGE in 2009 looking for support when he felt that British authorities were -- in the words of Asim Qureshi , CAGE 's research director -- "  harassing " him . But Emwazi has now been identified by U.S. officials as the masked man in ISIS videos showing beheadings of Western hostages . More than a dozen British administrative court documents obtained by CNN reveal British security services initially believed Emwazi was part of a radical West London recruitment network for terrorist groups in East Africa . The two charities gave sizeable funds to CAGE . The Rowntree Charitable Trust has given 271,250 British pounds , or almost $ 408,000 , to CAGE since 2007 , the commission said . The trust had pledged a total of 305,000 pounds , or almost $ 459,000 , the commission said . The Roddick Foundation gave CAGE of 120,000 pounds , or more than $ 180,000 between 2009 and 2012 , the commission said . In acknowledging the funding losses , CAGE criticized the commission . "  This is just another manifestation of their objective of pursuing a Cold War on British Islam , " Thomas-Johnson said . "  CAGE will remain committed to its principle of speaking truth to power and calling for accountability and transparency . We will not hesitate in performing our role as whistleblowers and as advocates for due process . " Supporters of CAGE tweeted their criticism of the Charity Commission and the two philanthropies ' decision to terminate funding . One supporter remarked that "  if @UK_CAGE is not there to provide us with a counter-narrative when it comes to ` radicalization ' ... . who will ?! " The commission said it will soon conclude its "  open cases " into the two charities and publish a report and lessons " for other charities which fund non-charitable bodies . "	UK Charity Commission takes "  robust action " against Muslim advocacy group CAGE Two charities under commission 's regulation no longer fund CAGE Commission cites unspecified public remarks made by CASE
EW.com  -- This is worse than wearing sweatpants : Mean Girls is n't getting a Tina Fey-penned sequel ! Despite some hopeful speculation from fans recently , Fey confirmed the news to Extra on Wednesday , saying , "  We 're coming up next month on the 10-year anniversary of the original movie ... We 're going to see if there 's any way to get everyone together , but not a movie , sadly . We 're all past high school age . "  Mean Girls 2 , the 2011 TV movie sequel with a whole new group of girls , is best not mentioned . Like any good twenty-something , I love the movie , but the "  no sequel " news is totally for the best . There 's no way people would n't be disappointed by whatever they came up with , and now , fans can just continue to watch and love the original as the perfect high school satire that it is . For those that would like a little more , all hope is n't lost : Fey is directing her energy towards a possible Mean Girls musical  which she told EW about last year in her EW Interview  . Since Fey has made it clear we are n't going to get Regina and Gretchen 's High School Reunion , just for fun we went ahead and pictured where the whole fetch gang is now , 10 years post-high school . Regina George : Regina George continued playing lacrosse at the college level , and subsequently joined a sorority , which she was ultimately kicked out of after an email she wrote cleverly berating her sisters went viral . She now works in PR , and her assistant has told her she is n't allowed to tweet anymore , as her cutting , pitch-perfect insults have offended everyone from the Modern Family kids to the highest levels of the United States government . Anna Wintour has been nothing but impressed . Gretchen Wieners : Gretchen got pregnant by her loser boyfriend senior year of college , and then ditched the guy  Joey Donner  . After giving birth to Bella  that name is totally going to happen  , she decided motherhood was her true calling . Recently , she 's the kindergarten helper in Bella 's class , making sure every person gets a Valentine  including the cute single dads !  . She also works part-time as an administrate assistant at Pillsbury , where she is regularly complimented on her hair . Cady Heron : After she broke up with Aaron Samuels because he was far too dumb for her post-high school , Cady listened to her mom  and Ms. Norbury  and attended Northwestern University , graduating with a degree in Mathematics . Currently , she 's a teacher , and has a quiet life with good friends  including Janis , but not Damian ; he knows what he did  . Her secret pleasure is reading celebrity gossip , but she ca n't help but feel for the young women the tabloids exploit , regardless of the mistakes they may have made . Karen Smith : Karen 's weather reports quickly went viral , and she was snapped up right out of high school to become one of the weather people for Fox News , a job she holds to this day . Smith still keeps up with Wieners and her daughter via Facebook ; she 's fond of "  Like " - ing nearly every post , and still has n't totally figured out hashtags . Regina has not responded to her friend request . Aaron Samuels : Aaron works as a model . Obsessed with his body and weight , he 's often overheard declaring he does n't do carbs . Damian totally heard he may have a little bit of a drug habit , and his new girlfriend is a total gold digger . He cries for what could have been with Cady every year on Oct. 3 . Janis Ian : After graduation , Janis went to art school before dropping out because there were too many rules . She moved to L.A. , and while she hates most of the people she meets , she 's built a solid career for herself as a modernist painter . She never unfriended any of the girls she knew when she was 17 because she enjoys the feeling of superiority she gets while regularly checking out their social media presences . She can be found with a protest sign in her hand . Damian : Damian became a shameless social climber . After graduating from college in the Midwest , he moved to NYC where he regularly stalked celebs and appeared as a hanger-on on various reality shows . He once helped Rachel Zoe pick out a pair of shoes . He dropped whatever his last name was , and now hosts an eponymous show on E! . Ms. Norbury achieved total world domination . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tina Fey has confirmed there wo n't be a sequel For fun , EW imagines the characters now Ms. Norbury achieves world domination
CNN  -- In front of a packed house at JFK Stadium in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Joan Baez expressed the spirit of the day : "  Good morning , children of the '80s , " she said to the crowd gathered for the marathon charity concert Live Aid . "  This is your Woodstock , and it 's long overdue . " Skeptics might disagree with Baez -- and many did at the time -- but the heart of the July 13 , 1985 , show was in the right place , says former MTV VJ Mark Goodman . "  I wind up feeling like I speak in clichs when I talk about this day -- and I lived through the '60s -- but it was a day when we felt like we were making a difference , " said Goodman , now 58 , who was there with the rest of his MTV colleagues . "  And I believe that we did . " Live Aid grew out of concern for the victims of famine in Ethiopia . The crisis sparked "  Do They Know It 's Christmas , " a UK single sung by an all-star cast put together by the Boomtown Rats ' Bob Geldof and Ultravox 's Midge Ure , and then "  We Are the World , " an American single spearheaded by Harry Belafonte and manager Ken Kragen . With both songs having hit No. 1 in their respective countries , a movement began for a live show to raise money for the cause . The concert , which took place 25 years ago Tuesday , ran live in both the UK and the U.S. : at London 's Wembley Stadium and the now-defunct JFK . The lineup included Sting , Elton John , a young U2 , Run-DMC , the Pretenders , Madonna , Bob Dylan and -- on both sides of the Atlantic , thanks to a timely Concorde flight -- Phil Collins . Though Live Aid was far from the first charity show , its success gave birth to other fund-raisers , including Farm Aid and Live 8 . It also led to a knighthood for Geldof , today better known for his charity work than his music . Goodman , now a VH1 Classic personality and a DJ for Sirius XM , talked to CNN.com about his memories of the show , its outstanding performances , the crazy rumors and his old employer . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : What was it like to actually be there ? Mark Goodman : The way the weather has been in the Northeast , that 's how it was that day . We got onto the site at 6 in the morning , and it was hot and humid . And that really informed everything that happened , because everybody was running around working really hard . It was just incredibly hot , and they were hosing people in the front rows . CNN : There had been fund-raising shows before -- the Concert for Bangladesh , the one for Kampuchea -- but the level of this was completely different . Goodman : Sure , it was n't the first time it had happened . But it was gargantuan compared to any of those . The scope of it really was incomprehensible for -LSB- the MTV VJs -RSB- . We saw the crowd there at JFK , 100,000 people or so , and we knew we were carried in all these places that were sending us feeds , but the real concept of it -- of how many were actually watching -- you really could n't get your head around it that day . It was n't until years later that I started to understand how many did actually see it . CNN : What were some of the rumors ? I remember hearing that the Beatles were going to reform , that Paul was going to play and George and Ringo would come out , say with John 's son Julian . Goodman : I do n't recall that particular rumor , but what I do remember -- and this kind of stuff was floating up to us -- was that we were all kind of surprised that Bruce -LSB- Springsteen -RSB- was n't there . And so there were some rumors somehow that got started somewhere that , "  It was Bruce 's lighting rig up there , Bruce 's lighting rig . " How can you tell one lighting rig from another ? CNN : What were some of your favorite performances ? Goodman : The big one of the day was the Led Zeppelin reunion . I was so shocked in days hence , when I 'd speak to friends or family who watched it on TV , -LSB- they -RSB- thought they sounded awful , and apparently the band thought they sounded awful . I thought they sounded amazing on stage , which is where we were watching . ... Madonna was really amazing that day , I thought , and it was right around the time -LSB- her -RSB- nude pictures came out , and she made some sort of comment that "  I ai n't taking s *** off today . " And even at the end , we were all up there singing "  We Are the World , " and there were people there who I think did n't wind up getting to perform who were part of that finale . CNN : Do you think shows like this make a difference ? There 's always the question about , does this money get to the proper place ? -LSB- The BBC reported in March that millions of dollars went to rebels to buy weapons ; Geldof disputed much of the BBC 's report . -RSB- Goodman : I do n't know the inner workings -- I know , like you , what I read in the newsmagazines -- -LSB- but -RSB- I have to believe that some of the money gets there . Geldof , I know , gets irate -- and he 's no dummy -- he gets irate at the thought that people think that he 's stiffing people and that the majority of the money is n't getting to the people who should be getting it . -LSB- But -RSB- we raised a lot of money and we also raised a lot of awareness , and I think both are equally valuable . I think the awareness continues today , and so does the money , from what I understand . At the end of the day ... it was everything the '60s wanted itself to be , and maybe was n't , really . And here , in the greed-is-good '80s , look at what happened . CNN : What do you think of MTV nowadays ? Goodman : I do n't .  laughs  My daughter does watch it . But I think the most telling thing was just a few months ago , they took the -LSB- word -RSB- "  music " out of the logo . And they were only 10 years late doing that , I think .	Live Aid took place 25 years ago Tuesday Former MTV VJ Mark Goodman was among those at the show Performers included Madonna , U2 , Bob Dylan , Led Zeppelin -- but no Bruce Springsteen Show had its flaws , but "  we felt like we were making a difference , " says Goodman
CNN  -- A dislocated shoulder suffered in the warm-up was n't enough to stop Marc Marquez from competing at the British MotoGP but the surging rookie saw his winning streak snapped by Jorge Lorenzo in a thrilling finish . Marquez overtook Lorenzo during the final lap at Silverstone only for the reigning world champion to slip inside his fellow Spaniard after he uncharacteristically went wide on a turn . Marquez , who began on pole , thus failed in his bid to claim a fifth consecutive victory . "  As usual Marc pushed in the last laps and overtook me but I did n't want to lose this race , " Lorenzo told the BBC . "  When he overtook me three corners from the end , I thought it was over . "  But he opened a little space and I said , ` Now or never . ' I 'm very , very pleased . " The race was similar to last week 's Czech Grand Prix , when Honda 's Marquez stayed behind Yamaha 's Lorenzo before making a late charge . On Sunday Lorenzo moved ahead of Marquez yards after the start -- they appeared to make contact side by side -- and held the advantage until he was passed with three laps remaining . Lorenzo quickly regained the lead but it looked as if Marquez would once again come out on top as the racers neared the finish line . Lorenzo ultimately had the last word . "  Anyway the battle was so nice with Jorge , " Marquez told the BBC . "  Just the last corner I went a little bit too wide because I went too fast . " Despite the second-place result Marquez increased his lead in the individual standings to 30 points over teammate Dani Pedrosa , who settled for third . Lorenzo 's deficit with six races to go was reduced from 44 points to 39 . Marquez 's spot on the grid was in doubt when he crashed in cooler conditions ahead of the race but he was soon patched up and ready . He said , though , that the injury made things difficult when he changed direction . Lorenzo and Pedrosa have had to contend with their own shoulder injuries this season , helping Marquez . There was drama , too , in the battle for fourth , with crowd favorite Valentino Rossi passing Alvaro Bautista in the late stages . Another crowd favorite at Silverstone , home hope Cal Crutchlow , came away disappointed after coming seventh . He started third on the grid .	Jorge Lorenzo ends the winning streak of Marc Marquez by capturing the British MotoGP In a tense finish , Marquez overtook Lorenzo but was then caught by his fellow Spaniard Marquez raced despite suffering a dislocated shoulder in the warm-up at Silverstone Despite placing second , Marquez increases his lead in the individual standings
CNN  -- It was smooth sailing in the House , but things are looking much tighter in the Senate for a bipartisan budget proposal that aims to avert another government shutdown and relax sweeping forced spending cuts . Still , despite strong opposition from Republicans to the compromise , supporters are within striking distance of rounding up the votes they need to pass it in the Senate next week . Top aides in both parties privately expressed confidence on Friday the bill will get the necessary support , even if a couple of wary moderate Democrats end up voting "  no . " At least four Republicans told CNN they are committed to backing procedural votes needed to pass the measure . That gets the 55 Senate Democrats  $ " most of whom are expected to support it -- close to the 60 votes needed to get the legislation through the chamber . Final congressional approval of an elusive budget agreement that was overwhelmingly approved in the House and supported by the White House would mark a rare win for bipartisanship and a step up for a Congress infected with political dysfunction and held in low public esteem with midterm elections less than a year off . It would also avert another government shutdown like the one in October that Americans largely blamed on Congress . "  I think it would be outrageous to shut down the government and I 'm not going to do that to my constituents who I represent , " said Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona . Other key GOP members In addition to McCain , Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , a moderate who often votes with Democrats , said she will vote for the bill . Sen. Richard Burr , R-North Carolina , and Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Arizona , said they are undecided on the bill itself , but both will vote with Democrats on the critical procedural motions . Democrats think they have a chance of getting the support of Sen. Lisa Murkowski , R-Alaska , and Sen. Roy Blunt , R-Missouri . Each seemed to be struggling with their decision . "  I would say it 's not as good an agreement I had hoped for but it 's a better agreement than I was afraid it might be . So I 'm certainly open to looking at it , " Blunt said . "  It needs to get done for a lot of good reasons ; we want to avoid a shutdown , clearly , " Murkowski said . "  Do I like a lot of the stuff in it ? Eh , no . " Most GOP Senators , raising a variety of concerns , are expected to vote against the bill . "  I 'm concerned we have once again kicked the can down now a long road , " said Sen. Dan Coats , R-Indiana , who said he is undecided . "  I 'm leaning strongly against it , " said Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , a veteran lawmaker who opposes some of the fees the bill raises . Budget deal struck The budget agreement , which was months in the making , eases spending caps for the next two fiscal years while softening the impact of across-the-board spending cuts , known as the sequester , on hard-hit defense and non-defense programs . It does this , in part , by raising fees on airlines tickets , shrinking the retirement benefits of some veterans , extending some cuts to Medicare providers , and imposing other fees . Current federal spending expires in mid January , raising the possibility of another shut down at that time without a new agreement in place to keep federal coffers filled . The strong vote in the House on the budget plan on Thursday -- 332-94 -- brought a collective sigh of relief among supporters who initially thought it would sail through the Senate where bipartisanship has been more the norm than in the sharply divided House . But after reading details of the agreement , many Senate Republicans -- including several in leadership positions -- came out against the bill . "  I 'd really like to stay within the caps , " complained Sen. John Boozman , R-Arkansas . "  This busts the caps and as a result I 'll vote against it . " "  I believe it will do disproportionate harm to our military retirees , " said Sen. Lindsay Graham , R-South Carolina , in announcing his opposition . "  We need to find a better way to save $ 6 billion than take it out of the hides of our retired veterans , " said Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi who said he would vote against the bill . Graham , Wicker , and Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , sent a letter to their Senate colleagues urging them to oppose the bill over the reduction in military benefits . It was unclear if the emergence of the politically sensitive issue would increase opposition . One Senator said outside interest groups for service members and veterans were caught off guard to the provision in the agreement and were just now beginning to mobilize against it . Sen. Mike Johanns , R-Nebraska , said he finds the military pension issue "  bothersome ' but remains undecided on how to vote . "  I would n't say leaning ` yes ' or leaning ` no . ' I 'm very concerned about the package but I can also see the merits of a two year deal . So I want the weekend to think about it , " he said . The retiring first-term lawmaker predicted the bill will pass the Senate regardless of the way he votes . Midterm primaries , and 2016 The top Senate Republican , Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , has hinted strongly he will vote against it . He cites the weakening of budget sequester as a key complaint . The same is true for his top two lieutenants -- Sen. John Cornyn of Texas and Sen. John Thune of South Dakota -- both of whom have declared they will oppose the compromise . McConnell and Cornyn are up for re-election and both facing primary challenges from the right . That might explain some of their sensitivity to giving up on the budget cuts , which are very popular with conservative voters . Three leading tea party-backed senators -- Rand Paul of Kentucky , Ted Cruz of Texas , and Marco Rubio of Florida , -- each with 2016 presidential aspirations , also have come out against it for similar reasons . "  The new budget deal moves in the wrong direction : it spends more , taxes more , and allows continued funding for Obamacare . I can not support it , " Cruz said .	The House passed a compromise budget bill easily , sending it to the Senate Bill aims to avert another government shutdown as early as mid January It would also ease unpopular spending cuts to the military and other programs Majority Democrats need some Republican support to get measure through Senate
CNN  -- "  Trauma Alert ! Trauma Alert ! Gunshot Wound . " The announcement comes through the overhead speakers in an operating room in Tampa , Florida , and a team of doctors and nurses spring into action . Dr. Robert Benjamin takes the vital signs of the patient who was just rushed in and shouts orders to his team . "  Do we have his blood pressure yet ? " asks Benjamin . This trauma scene is like the ones Benjamin has been through a lot over the years . Yet , no matter how many times you do it , he says , you can never quite prepare for what the next emergency may be . "  We get about 1,200 traumas a year , " he said . "  I 'm ex-military and did a deployment to Iraq and Afghanistan , and these scenarios were on par with what I would see out there . " But today 's trauma alerts were different . The patient was bleeding and had rapidly changing vital signs , but he was never in danger of dying -- because he was never alive . At a glance it looks just like a mannequin . But this is no dummy . It is a high tech patient simulator . It 's equipped with robotics that allows it to move , hemorrhage and provide vitals for doctors . "  The mannequin did look very realistic , " Benjamin said . "  You were able to do a neuro check , move extremities , look at his eyes , and his breathing and respirations were very accurate . " The patient simulator is a product of a company called Trauma FX . It was designed to help doctors prepare for trauma cases like war-zone injuries , car crashes , gunshot wounds and amputations . But it 's not just about looking real . It also provides detailed feedback on the team 's performance . "  They just performed the chest tube properly , " said Carolyn Hollander of Trauma FX . "  All of these are indications that the learner has performed the intervention . He lost a total of 1,500 millileters of blood and respiratory is back up . " Hollander was controlling the patient simulator from a control room overlooking the operating room . From there , a group of doctors monitor the training sessions , keeping the teams on their toes with their ability to change the scenarios at any second . "  If you think you are doing great , I 'll switch the scenario . I 'll drop his blood pressure . What are you going to do now , " said Dr. Luis Llerena of the Center for Advanced Medical Learning and Simulation , where the training session is taking place . The center is a 90,000-square-foot state-of-the-art health training and education facility . It 's designed to help health professionals , students and residents train under pressure . "  You have a mannequin that has breathing , vocalization and you can do invasive treatments , " said Llerena . "  That is what changes someone 's mind and says , ` OK , now I 'm really in a situation . ' You get ultimate learning from that point . " Never knowing when the next tragedy will strike has hospitals turning to technology like this so teams can learn what an emergency situation could look and feel like . "  When we do debriefing , we ask them what are you feeling , " Llerena said . "  Give it one word , and you saw the group say this is difficult , chaotic , intense , someone said scary . "  One person felt overwhelmed . Overwhelmed here is fine because now they can go back and know how to deal with that feeling . " For Benjamin 's team , the lessons learned could turn out to be life-saving . Today , however , was just a good run-through . "  The team-building type aspects is what medicine needs to go through , instead of focusing on individual skills , " he said . "  That will be better for the patient because we 'll have better outcomes . "  Today went exceptionally well , " he added . "  The mannequin did not die . "	A line of high-tech dummies is used in simulations of trauma surgery The dummies , by Trauma FX , bleed , breath and talk Observers can change conditions in real time as trainees respond Doctor : On a good day "  the mannequin did not die "
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- A Norwegian court ordered Anders Behring Breivik , charged with killing 77 people last July , to undergo a month-long psychiatric evaluation as experts seek to determine his mental state ahead of a trial . Breivik is accused of killing eight people in a bomb attack in Oslo and 69 more in a gun rampage on nearby Utoya Island on July 22 . It was the deadliest attack on Norwegian soil since World War II . Two court-appointed psychiatric experts recommended that Breivik should spend four weeks under 24-hour psychiatric monitoring so the court can get the fullest possible picture of his behavior , according to court documents released Friday . He should be kept away from other patients but will still have to interact with psychiatric staff , the documents say . The observation will be carried out in facilities at Ila Prison , where he is being held . Breivik has said he will not cooperate with the two psychiatric experts , which underlines the need for constant observation , the court documents said . The two experts were appointed last month to evaluate his mental state after the court requested a second opinion because of the importance of the question of his sanity to Breivik 's trial . In November , prosecutors said psychiatrists had determined Breivik was paranoid and schizophrenic at the time of the attacks and during 13 interviews experts conducted with him afterward . Breivik has pleaded not guilty , though he has admitted carrying out the attacks , the judge handling his case said previously . It may not be possible for him to be sentenced to the maximum punishment for the crimes if he 's deemed insane . A court ruled Monday that Breivik can legally be kept in custody until his trial starts in April . Breivik reiterated some of his extremist views during Monday 's hearing , which began with him entering with a smile and offering up a raised , clenched-fist salute . Breivik says nobody could believe that he was insane , and describes questions about his mental condition as ridiculous , his lawyer , Geir Lippestad , told the court . Breivik claims the shooting rampage was a matter of self-defense , meant to save Norway from being taken over by multicultural forces and to prevent ethnic cleansing of Norwegians , Lippestad said . Authorities have described him as a right-wing Christian extremist . A 1,500-page manifesto attributed to Breivik posted on the Internet is critical of Muslim immigration and European liberalism , including Norway 's Labour Party . The victims on Utoya Island were among 700 mostly young people attending a Labour Party camp on the island . Breivik 's trial is scheduled to begin April 16 and is expected to last 10 weeks . Journalist Olav Mellingsaeter in Oslo contributed to this report .	Breivik will be kept under 24-hour observation by mental health experts , a court rules He has said he will not cooperate with two psychiatrists He is accused of killing 77 people in a bomb attack and gun rampage last summer Breivik says he is not insane and was acting to protect Norway from multiculturalism
Rome  CNN  -- Italian President Giorgio Napolitano said Wednesday that his country will adopt a series of austerity measures promised to the European Union , as officials try to allay investor fears and head off a eurozone debt crisis . Silvio Berlusconi , the embattled Italian premier who has offered his resignation , is expected to step down shortly after the measures are approved . After the Italian Parliament passes reforms meant to address the country 's long-term fiscal health and its broader effect on global markets , either an interim government will be formed or elections called , the president said . Italian authorities say that if officials opt for elections , they would take place in January and likely result in a new government by February , at the earliest . The prime minister would typically remain in office until a transition takes place , though mounting market fears have raised questions about whether lawmakers might take swifter action . Investor confidence plummeted Wednesday when the yield on 10-year Italian government bonds rose above 7 % , the level at which other European countries -- including Greece , Portugal and Ireland -- have sought international bailouts . The bond yields -- which represent the level of risk of lending Italy money -- surged to their highest levels since the euro was launched in 1999 . The move , analysts say , could suggest that Italy may need more than a change in leadership to address investor concerns . But Italian lawmakers , for their part , could approve the new austerity measures as early as Saturday , officials say , compelling Berlusconi to resign shortly thereafter . The heart of the measures , said Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti , would increase the pension age by two years to 67 in 2026 , sell state property , invest in infrastructure and liberalize portions of the Italian economy , privatizing some state-owned businesses . The moves are meant to address the country 's soaring    1.9 trillion debt load , which is nearly six times that of Greece . As attention focused on Italy , the head of the International Monetary Fund painted a stark picture of the challenges facing the world 's economic stability . "  The global economy has entered a dangerous and uncertain phase , " Christine Lagarde said in remarks prepared for delivery at the International Finance Forum in Beijing . "  If we do not act , and act together , we could enter a downward spiral of uncertainty , financial instability and a collapse in global demand . Ultimately , we could face a lost decade of low growth and high unemployment , " she said . Although she made no specific mention of Italy in the prepared remarks , Lagarde spoke as even more bad news came from Rome . Italy has been under pressure from investors and its trading partners to get its fiscal house in order . The nation has debts equal to about 120 % of its overall output and an economy that has been stagnant for years . U.S. stocks , meanwhile , sold off sharply after Italy 's bond yield spiked , with The Dow Jones industrial average tumbling 3 % . European markets also sold off and the euro slumped nearly 2 % against the U.S. dollar . On Tuesday , Berlusconi won a parliamentary vote approving a new budget that includes austerity measures sought by international lenders , but lost his majority in parliament . Berlusconi later said he would resign , and on Wednesday his spokesman , Paolo Bonaiuti , said Berlusconi would not run in the country 's next parliamentary elections . In recent weeks , international concern has focused increasingly on Italy , the third-largest economy in the eurozone , as analysts have worried that the financial crisis centered in Greece could spread . At a meeting Wednesday of the European Parliament in Belgium , British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg described the pace at which the bad news has been accumulating . "  I can not remember a time when events in Europe moved so swiftly . Many hoped that , by now , we would no longer be lurching from one headline to the next . But the focus has shifted from Athens to Rome , and it is clear that much still needs to be done to ensure stability in the eurozone , " he said . "  Today I do not intend to provide further commentary on these specific events . For one thing , it would probably be out of date by the time I sat down , " he added . "  Europe is suffering from a crisis of competitiveness , " Clegg said , issuing a challenge to EU nations . "  The choice is stark : Reform or wither . Reform now or regret it forever . " For now , analysts are keeping their focus largely on Italy . Although the country is solvent , it holds a huge debt pile , and investors fear it may not be able to sustain that level of borrowing . Italy is the world 's eighth-largest economy . A meltdown would send shock waves through the global economy . Analysts say the problem is a lack of investor confidence , rather than solvency , which is plaguing debt-laden eurozone neighbors like Greece . "  This is a crisis of confidence , not of fundamentals , " said Mark McCormick , currency strategist at Brown Brothers Harriman . "  Italy 's debt level is sustainable , but it needs to implement policies that will support economic growth . " Though the timing of Berlusconi 's resignation is unclear , news of his imminent departure signaled the end of an era in Italian politics . The 75-year-old business tycoon has been a dominant force since forming his Forza Italia party in 1994 . He has weathered many crises , including sex scandals and corruption trials , in his three terms in office . But the loss of his parliamentary majority -- and with it his ability to command the government -- was a blow from which Berlusconi could not recover . A senate budget commission is soon expected to vote on the measure . Berlusconi told Italian newspaper La Stampa that his decision gives him freedom . "  I will not put myself up for elections , " he told the newspaper . "  Actually , I feel liberated . Now it is time for Alfano . He will be our premier candidate . He is extremely good , much better than one can expect , and his leadership has been accepted by all . " Berlusconi was referring to former Justice Minister Angelino Alfano , who has been known as his hand-picked successor . But others are expected to seek to replace Berlusconi . Names being floated include political figures such as Gianni Letta , Berlusconi 's chief of staff , and Mario Monti , a former commissioner with the European Union . President Napolitano announced Wednesday that he had nominated Monti as "  senator for life , " a title bestowed on those who have held distinguished roles , raising speculation about his candidacy . A Yale-trained economist and professor at Milan 's Bocconi University , Monti has also worked as an international adviser to the investment firm Goldman Sachs . Dubbed "  Super Mario " for his work in international finance , the former EU commissioner gained notoriety for his role in blocking a merger between U.S. firms Honeywell International and General Electric , thought to be a move that highlighted Europe 's newfound regulatory clout . Other business figures such as Luca Cordero di Montezemolo , chairman of Ferrari , and Alessandro Profumo , former CEO of Italy 's largest bank , UniCredit , are also considered candidates . CNN 's James Partington , Hada Messia , Josh Levs , Pete Wilkinson , Nick Thompson , Laura Smith-Spark and Nina Dos Santos contributed to this report .	Either an interim government will be formed or elections will be called Italian bond yields pass a dangerous threshold Italy 's Finance Minister details austerity measures Italy has a    1.9 trillion debt load
London  CNN  -- It may appear to be the height of bad taste : a collection of handguns clad in silver and studded with precious stones . But although these weapons , which were produced by Tiffany & Co in the late 19th Century , were able to deliver lethal force , they were never designed to be fired . "  So far as we know , the guns never killed anybody , " says Pierre Terjanian , the head of the Arms and Armor department at the Metropolitan Museum of Art , New York , where a collection of seven such guns is kept . "  They were produced to symbolize the potency of American manufacturing and craftsmanship , and were created using techniques that nobody else could equal . " Guns not blazing Tiffany & Co had been producing decorative presentation swords that were awarded to American officers during the Civil War and Mexican-American War of 1846-8 . In the 1880s , the company moved into firearms , taking delivery of standard-issue Smith & Wesson handguns and transforming them into one-off works of art . They were clad in silver , etched with intricate designs , and studded with precious jewels . Each weapon was unique ; one was adorned with an American buffalo hunting scene , while others were inspired by Japanese or Islamic design . These formed the centerpiece of the American display at the World 's Fair series of exhibitions , which started with the Great Exhibition in Crystal Palace , London , in 1851 , and then were held around Europe and the United States . "  At the time , a great aura surrounded the Wild West in Europe , " says Terjanian . "  It was at the time of the closing of the frontier , and people were already thinking nostalgically about it . "  Tiffany took Wild West symbolism and combined it with high-quality craftsmanship . It confirmed that Tiffany was an American firm with global ambitions , which could do things that nobody else could . " Uniquely beautiful objects Among the techniques that the weapons showcased were advanced enameling -- two colors were blended together in a way that had never been seen before -- and the use of chemical etching , as opposed to straightforward engraving . Tiffany & Co also produced a Winchester rifle , which was famously used in the conquest of the West . Although it was technically able to fire bullets , the thick silver cladding made it impossible to disassemble and clean , and the heavy ebony wood made it too heavy to use effectively . Despite the focus on display , several weapons were purchased by American businessmen , including Jason "  Jay " Gould , the prominent railroad magnate . According to Terjanian , a particularly beautiful weapon -- which had a butt made of carved ivory -- was acquired by a well-known sharpshooter named John Wynans , who used it to demonstrate his skills . In all , about 50 guns were produced by Tiffany . The project was abruptly discontinued in 1911 , when New York adopted gun control laws . "  These are very important objects , " says Terjanian . "  They showed that objects may have a function , but their symbolic meaning can be greater . "  They stood not for combat but for handiwork and the imagination . They surprised and impressed everybody , and acted as ambassadors for Tiffany & Co and for the United States . " The future Underground : London 's new spaceship-style tube trains Did artists eerily predict the Ukraine crisis ? Would you eat Fukushima soup ? The lost art of the American pin-up	Tiffany & Co produced about 50 decorative guns They were intended as a showcase for craftsmanship and a symbol of American power The largest surviving collection is held by the Metropolitan Museum of Art , New York
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe , in a rare interview Thursday , depicted himself as an African hero battling imperialism and foreign attempts to oust him rather than the widespread perception of a dictator clinging to power at the expense of the welfare of his people and country . Robert Mugabe says sanctions against his country are "  unjustifiable . " The 85-year-old Mugabe , the only leader of Zimbabwe since it became independent from Britain in 1980 , rejected repeated assertions by CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that his policies have driven the nation once known as Africa 's breadbasket to virtual economic collapse . Instead , Mugabe accused Britain and the United States of seeking to oust him by imposing economic sanctions , the effects of which he said were worsened by years of drought . He denied that his country is in economic shambles , saying it grew enough food last year to feed all its people , and defended policies that have driven white farmers off their land as properly restoring that land to indigenous Africans . "  The land reform is the best thing  that  could have ever have happened to an African country , " said Mugabe , a former revolutionary leader who came to power when white-ruled Rhodesia became black-ruled Zimbabwe . "  It has to do with national sovereignty . " Watch Mugabe on his controversial land reform program " It was Mugabe 's first interview with a Western television network in several years , and he appeared to get frustrated with some of Amanpour 's direct questioning , repeatedly denying widely accepted evidence and reports on his nation 's woes . Mugabe denied that his ZANU-PF party lost elections in 2008 that forced him to accept a power-sharing agreement with his chief rival , Morgan Tsvangirai , who now is prime minister . Violence surrounding the disputed election , much of it against opposition supporters , further damaged Zimbabwe 's standing , but Mugabe rejected any blame on Thursday . "  You do n't leave power when imperialists dictate that you leave , " he insisted . "  There is regime change . Have n't you heard of  the  regime change program by Britain and the United States that is aimed at getting not just Robert Mugabe out of power but get Robert Mugabe and his party out of power ? " He also waved off Amanpour 's assertion that the power-sharing arrangement is not working , and that opposition political figures are continuing to get harassed and arrested . Watch Mugabe talk about power-sharing " Asked about Roy Bennett , a white opposition figure who has yet to be sworn in as agriculture minister a year after formation of the power-sharing government , Mugabe stammered before saying Bennett faces charges of "  organizing arms of war " against Zimbabwe . He added that he 's heard the prosecution lacks evidence in the case , but said he wo n't agree to swearing in Bennett until after any charges are dropped . Mugabe also denied any responsibility for harm to the nation from his economic policies , instead blaming what he called "  unjustified " and "  illegal " sanctions that he said were intended to bring regime change . "  The sanctions must be lifted . We should have no interference from outside , " Mugabe said . "  The continued imperialist interference in our affairs is affecting our country adversely . " When Amanpour challenged him by saying most of the sanctions were directed at individuals , rather than economic entities , Mugabe said she was wrong . "  The U.S. sanctions are real sanctions , economic sanctions . Have you looked at them ? " he said . "  It 's because of sanctions , mainly . " Amanpour tried to push the point , saying outside observers blamed his policies and not sanctions . "  Not everybody says so , " Mugabe cut her off . "  It 's not true . " He also rejected criticism from South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu , a Nobel Peace Prize winner for his role in the anti-apartheid struggle , who has accused Mugabe of turning Zimbabwe into a "  basket case " and repressing his own people . "  It 's not a basket case at all , " Mugabe said . He later called Tutu 's comments "  devilish talk " and added : "  He does n't know what he 's talking about , the little man . " On the takeover of white-owned farms -- a policy blamed for undermining the agriculture sector -- Mugabe displayed the African nationalist fervor of his revolutionary days . "  Zimbabwe belongs to the Zimbabweans , pure and simple , " he said , then adding that white Zimbabweans -- even those born in the country with legal ownership of their land -- have a debt to pay . "  They occupied the land illegally . They seized the land from our people , " Mugabe said . When Amanpour pressed him on white farmers being forced off their land , he shot back , "  Not just off their land . Our land . " "  They are British settlers , " he said , later calling them "  citizens by colonization , seizing land from original people , indigenous people of the country . " Asked if would run again in elections likely to take place in 2011 , Mugabe refused to answer , but denied he feared defeat and again rejected charges of past electoral wrongdoing . "  Elections do n't go all that smoothly all the time in many countries , " he said , tossing a jab at the United States . "  Look what happens elsewhere . They did n't go smoothly here , look at what happened during the first term of Bush . "	Mugabe rejects criticism that he has turned Zimbabwe into a "  basket case " CNN interview is Mugabe 's first in years with a major Western network Mugabe calls sanctions "  unjustified and illegal "
CNN  -- The German blowout over Brazil stunned the world , launched countless memes and set a new Twitter record . Twitter 's trending hashtags Germany  insert your verb  #Brazil 7-1 and "  BrasilDecimeQuese7 " should tell you the whole story . But in case you have n't heard , here 's the recap . The pummeling of the Brazilian team on home turf was the most-discussed single sports game ever on the social media network with 35.6 million tweets . Not many saw this coming -- including ESPN 's FiveThirtyEight statistician , Nate Silver . During the first 29 minutes , Germany scored five goals , leaving the vast sea of yellow and green in the stadium stunned . After halftime , things did n't get any better for the hosts . The Germans were n't in the mood for mercy , as they struck twice more to drive the point home . Some lamented the lack of Brazilian superstar Neymar , who was out with a fractured vertebra sustained in the previous game against Colombia . Photoshop tribute With a blowout imminent , many football fans turned away from their televisions and poured their energy to Photoshop . Some found a new design for Rio 's famous Christ the Redeemer statue -- with designs featuring an triumphant German Chancellor Angela Merkel or a weeping Jesus . And the Brazilian flag . Others held their heads up high , taking comfort in Brazil 's storied soccer tradition . A Tumblr called Sad Brazilians popped up showing sobbing children , women with their face paint-stained , tears streaming down their cheeks , and -- of course -- the teary Brazilian captain , David Luiz . And as Brazil 's players returned home , the German team celebrated with a picture on their plane ride back to prepare for their final showdown on Sunday in Rio de Janeiro . They will face the winners of Wednesday 's other semi-final clash between Argentina and the Netherlands . Five things about the beat down in Brazil	Twitter says Brazil-Germany game was the most discussed single sports game ever Germany 's 7-1 win over of Brazilian team results in social media humor The result sent shock waves reverberating across the sports world
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A lawyer for Michael Jackson 's family seemed satisfied as he left the Los Angeles courthouse after the first week of the pop star 's wrongful death trial . "  There 's a long way to go and we hope the evidence supports -- and we believe it does -- that Dr.  Conrad  Murray was unfit for the job he was hired to do , " attorney Brian Panish said . "  He was financially motivated and was in serious financial straits . " Jackson 's mother and three children are suing AEG Live , contending the concert promoter is liable in the pop icon 's death because it hired , retained and/or supervised Murray , the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter . Murray 's fatal treatment of Jackson with the surgical anesthetic the coroner ruled killed him was the result of the doctors ' financial desperation and pressure from AEG executives to have Jackson ready for rehearsals for his comeback tour , Jackson lawyers argue . AEG contends it was Jackson who chose and controlled Murray , not its executives . The company had no way of knowing what treatments the doctor was giving the singer , who it said was an expert at keeping his "  deepest , darkest secret " The trial 's first witness was a paramedic who arrived at Jackson 's home at 12:26 p.m. on June 25 , 2009 to find a man who he initially thought was a hospice patient who had died after a long illness . Jackson lawyers see that description as support for their argument that AEG execs should have realized the frailty of Jackson 's health . AEG lawyer concedes : Michael Jackson is dead The second witness was the Los Angeles Police detective who led the investigation of Jackson 's death . Orlando Martinez arrived at court Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday wearing a black cowboy hat , which he said is not part of his uniform as a homicide investigator , but "  the chief tolerates it . " The trial is off until Monday , when the coroner 's toxicologist will give scientific testimony about the drugs found in Jackson 's body after his autopsy . The doctor who conducted the autopsy will follow on the witness stand . Conrad Murray 's big debts When AEG Live first talked to Murray about working as Michael Jackson 's tour doctor , he asked for $ 5 million for a year . Now we know why . Court records and credit reports showed Murray was at least $ 1 million in debt , including delinquent taxes , defaulted student loans , unpaid child support and a defaulted mortgage . His Las Vegas home , which had dropped in value by $ 500,000 , was in foreclosure and his medical clinic was being evicted from an office building , according to records introduced as evidence in the trial . Murray 's chances of catching up financially became an achievable goal when AEG Live agreed to pay him $ 150,000 a month . Before that , his monthly expenses totaled $ 2,700 more than his income , according to one document . Martinez testified that he concluded this was a major incentive for Murray to "  break the rules , bend the rules , to do whatever he needed to do to get paid . " Murray 's heavy burden of child support payments was the result of his fathering eight children with seven women . Jackson lawyers contend AEG could have at least run a credit check on Murray before giving him the responsibility of caring for Michael Jackson . It should have been a red flag warning that he would put his paycheck above his Hippocratic Oath . Murray 's other lost patient The Jackson death trial jury broke out into laughter at the oddest time Thursday -- when Panish asked Martinez about another Murray patient who died under his care . Lawyer : ` Ugly stuff ' to come out at trial A Las Vegas man called Los Angeles police to tell them about how he thought Murray 's negligence caused his father 's death . The man said he did n't file a medical malpractice suit because Nevada law discouraged him . Panish : "  You learned Conrad Murray was n't sued for malpractice , but he had killed someone else ? "  The jury laughs . Panish : "  You learned that Dr. Murray had caused the wrongful death of someone else ? " Martinez : "  Yes . " AEG 's lawyer brought out a document showing the coroner ruled the man 's death was from natural causes -- a heart attack . Martinez also testified that Murray had been suspended from hospitals three times in the decade before Jackson 's death . The loss of hospital privileges in one case was because he failed to promptly respond to a phone call when he was on call . The others appeared to be based on failure to follow record keeping procedures . Elvis ' ghost haunts Jackson trial Jackson lawyers will argue that a background check on Murray by AEG executives would have revealed these and served as red flag warnings that he should not be Jackson 's tour doctor . AEG lawyer will contend they had no way of knowing . ` One Jackson ' policy Only one of Katherine Jackson 's eight sons and daughters can sit with her in court at one time , the judge ruled this week . Unlike in Murray 's criminal trial when all of the Jacksons filled a courtroom bench at times , the family will have just two seats throughout the civil trial . The limit was imposed because all of the Jacksons -- with the exception of Marlon -- are on AEG 's witness list . AEG lawyers objected when they saw Randy and Rebbie sitting with their mother as the first witnesses testified . There is "  a risk in allowing any of them in the courtroom , " an AEG lawyer argued . The risk is their own testimony would be influenced by hearing the testimony of others , she said . Panish successfully argued that at least one should be allowed to sit with their 82-year-old mother , who plans to be in court each day -- except for the gruesome medical testimony about her son 's autopsy . "  I think Mrs. Jackson should have at least one support person in the court room , " he said . The Jacksons star power could influence jurors who sit just a few feet away from them in the tiny courtroom . Jackson family intervention AEG lawyers plan to call Janet , Jermaine , Jackie , Tito , La Toya , Rebbie and Randy Jackson to testify about their failed attempts to intervene with Michael Jackson 's drug addiction and their lack of knowledge about what was happening to him . Only brother Marlon Jackson is not on the defense witness list . AEG is trying to show that Jackson was able to deceive even those close to him about his drug use , which helps their argument that executives with the concert promoter could not have known about it . The lawsuit contends that even if the executives did n't know about Murray 's dangerous treatments , they should have . Katherine Jackson told investigators that her family "  attempted several interventions and she had spoken to her son about possible problems with drugs herself , " Martinez testified Thursday . "  He denied having a problem . " An intervention at Jackson 's Neverland ranch , organized by sister Janet , failed because "  Michael did n't want to participate , " Martinez said . Messy bedroom The Los Angeles mansion where Michael Jackson died was clean and neat , except for Jackson 's bedroom , according to Martinez . Jurors saw police photos taken hours after the pop icon 's death , showing disorganized closets , cardboard boxes lining the hallway and a general mess throughout . AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam spent several minutes questioning Martinez about the messiness . During the lunch break , the Jacksons ' lawyer joked to reporters that Putnam has succeeded in proving Michael Jackson was messy . Back in court , Panish asked the detective : "  Is there anywhere in the penal code that says if you have a messy room that 's against the law ? " The jury thought that was funny and laughed . Panish : "  You 've come across scenes that had a messy room ? " Martinez : "  Yes . " Panish : "  And that 's an indication that someone is not doing well , that their health is bad and they ca n't clean the room ? " Martinez : "  Yes . " Panish : "  There were moving boxes in the room ? " Martinez : "  Yes . " Panish : "  Did you know he was planning to go to England ? Within a week or two he was leaving that residence ? " Martinez : "  Yes . " When Martinez walked into the upstairs master bedroom , , he found the gas fireplace was burning , the television was on and music coming from the CD player . Except for Murray , "  only the chef who can drop off food at the door " was allowed upstairs , he testified .	Conrad Murray was $ 1 million in debt when he took the job as Michael Jackson 's doctor A Las Vegas man told police Murray 's negligence caused his father 's death Katherine Jackson told investigators her family "  attempted several interventions " Part of Thursday 's testimony in the civil trial focused on the pop icon 's messy bedroom
CNN  -- The South Korean navy began live-fire exercises on the seas surrounding the Korean peninsula Monday in the midst of bristling tensions with the North , South Korean state media reported . The military exercises are taking place in the waters off all three coasts of the Korean peninsula , officials at the South 's Joint Chiefs of Staff told the Yonhap news agency . They are scheduled to last through Friday and come on the heels of joint military drills between the United States and South Korea that ended last week and nearly two weeks after the North 's November 23 shelling of South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island . The attack killed four South Koreans -- two civilians and two military personnel -- and the South returned fire . The live-fire drills are a routine monthly exercise aimed at securing the safety of ships in the area , the South 's Joint Chiefs of Staff told CNN last week . But they come amid rising tensions on the divided peninsula . North Korea 's official news agency , KCNA , lambasted the planned exercises in an article Sunday -- claiming South Korea 's government was trying to orchestrate another clash around the border island "  at any cost and ignite a war come what may under this pretext . " South Korea 's new defense minister said Friday his country would respond with airstrikes if North Korea attacks it again , in some of the strongest rhetoric since the conflict broke out late last month . "  We will definitely air raid North Korea , " Kim Kwan-jin said at his confirmation hearing when asked how the South would respond if struck again , according to Yonhap . Kim was appointed defense minister last week amid growing tensions on the Korean peninsula following an exchange of gunfire between the two sides . He took office on Saturday . His comments reflect a potential shift in South Korea 's policy toward provocations from the North . Previously , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak warned of severe consequences if the North launched another attack , but declined to name specifics . "  If the North commits any additional provocations against the South , we will make sure that it pays a dear price without fail , " he said in a nationally televised address a week ago .	The exercises are scheduled to last until Friday Tensions on the Korean peninsula are high after an attack on a South Korean island South Korea 's president says North Korea will pay "  a dear price " for future provocations
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Humza Ismail has n't spent much time in Raleigh , North Carolina , since he started graduate school two years ago . But when he heard two former acquaintances were arrested on terrorism charges this week , he says , "  Honestly , I was n't surprised . " Omar Aly Hassan , left , and Ziyad Yaghi were clear on where they stood on terrorism , an acquaintance said . Omar Aly Hassan , Ziyad Yaghi and five others are charged with conspiring to commit violent jihad overseas . An eighth suspect is still being sought , authorities have said . When he lived in Raleigh , Ismail worshipped at the same mosque as Hassan and Yaghi . When groups of young men talked there , Ismail says , the conversation often turned to religion and politics , and Hassan and Yaghi made it clear where they stood . "  When it came to something like suicide bombing , they would say , ` If it 's a benefit for the Muslims then something like that can be permissible , ' " Ismail says . "  I could tell it was something they wanted to do . " But , he adds , "  They never indicated or said ` we are going to make jihad overseas . ' " Ismail says the duo spoke in glowing terms about Osama bin Laden , calling him a scholar and a mujahedeen . "  You could tell they were being influenced by somebody , " Ismail says . He does not know by whom . He feels they were susceptible to a message of violence "  because it sounded cool and exciting . " Ismail says he strenuously disagreed with Yaghi and Hassan 's views on terrorism even , he says , getting into a public shouting match with them at a restaurant . He says he told them , "  You ca n't do this , man . You ca n't say it is OK . "  That is corruption and terrorism and that is not permissible in Islam . " Ismail says he and others raised concerns about Hassan and Yaghi to officials at the Islamic Center of Raleigh , but were "  overlooked . " "  I did my part , " Ismail says . Imran Aukhil , a spokesman for the Islamic Center of Raleigh , told CNN on Thursday that he had no information about complaints concerning Hassan and Yaghi . On Saturday , however , he informed CNN that he had researched the matter and learned there was a complaint several years ago against an individual at the mosque . Aukhil said he did not have the name of that person . "  It was reported to the FBI , " said Aukhil . "  The FBI did take note of it in their investigation . " Efforts to reach attorneys representing Hassan and Yaghi were unsuccessful .	NEW : Spokesman says complaint lodged against person at mosque a few years ago Humza Ismail attended the same mosque as two of seven men arrested this week Ismail : When it came to violence , "  I could tell it was something they wanted to do " Ismail says the two spoke in glowing terms about Osama bin Laden
North Korea surprised and angered the international community Wednesday by launching a long-range rocket that may have put an object in orbit . The secretive North Korean regime said the rocket had successfully blasted off from a space center on its west coast and claimed the satellite it was carrying had entered its intended orbit . The launch followed a botched attempt in April and came just days after Pyongyang suggested it could be delayed . Initial indications suggest the rocket "  deployed an object that appeared to achieve orbit , " the North American Aerospace Defense Command , the joint U.S.-Canadian aerospace agency , said in a statement . North Korea has previously claimed that two other rockets fired in the past 15 years had successfully launched satellites , but other countries say they fell into the ocean before completing the task . Many nations , such as the United States and South Korea , consider the launch to be a cover for testing ballistic missile technology . The nuclear-armed North has insisted its aim was to place a scientific satellite in space . Countries around the world quickly condemned Pyongyang 's move on Wednesday , saying it breached U.N. Security Council resolutions . The South Korean government said the launch was confrontational and a "  threat to the peace and stability of the Korean peninsula and the world . " The United States called it "  a highly provocative act " that is "  yet another example of North Korea 's pattern of irresponsible behavior . " Washington will work with other countries -- including China , Russia and other Security Council members -- "  to pursue appropriate action , " said Tommy Vietor , a U.S. National Security Council spokesman . The launch came as a surprise to the United States , which did not expect it to take place Wednesday , a senior U.S. official said . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said he deplored the fact that North Korea "  has chosen to prioritize this launch over improving the livelihood of its people . " Neighboring countries said the rocket had taken off Wednesday morning and flown south over the Japanese island of Okinawa . The Japanese government said it believed one part of the rocket came down in the sea off the Korean Peninsula , a second part dropped into the East China Sea and a third fell into waters near the Philippines . Read more : What does North Korea 's planned rocket launch mean ? "  It is extremely regrettable that North Korea forced the launch despite our protest , " Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura said at a news conference in Tokyo . "  It is not acceptable , and we strongly protest against it . " South Korea 's semi-official news agency Yonhap reported that President Lee Myung-bak has convened an emergency security meeting in Seoul . A launch had seemed unlikely to take place so soon after North Korea announced Monday that it was extending the launch window into late December , citing technical issues in an engine . Previous launch attempts by the North in 1998 , 2006 , 2009 and April this year failed to achieve their stated goal of putting a satellite into orbit and provoked international condemnation . Pyongyang had said this rocket launch would be "  true to the behests " of Kim Jong Il , the late North Korean leader and father of Kim Jong Un , head of the ruling regime . Kim Jong Il died on December 17 last year , so the first anniversary of his death falls within the launch window that North Korea has announced . Experts had also speculated that Pyongyang wanted this launch to happen before the end of 2012 , the year that marks the centenary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the founder of North Korea and grandfather of Kim Jong Un .	NORAD says the rocket appears to have put an object into orbit The launch is "  a highly provocative act , " the U.S. government says It comes as a surprise after North Korea had extended the launch window U.S. , South Korea say the rocket launch is a cover for testing ballistic missile technology
New York  CNN  -- A New York man was arrested after police say he poured acid on his daughter , burning her skin and sending her to the hospital in critical condition . As one of the primary caretakers of Jerome Lynch , 69 , Darlene Lynch , 49 , was checking on her father in his Brooklyn apartment early Saturday afternoon , when seemingly out of nowhere , the elder Lynch came up behind her and poured acid on her face and down her body , according to Dominique Goodwin , the man 's niece . "  Our family just does n't understand , " Goodwin said . "  He 's not incompetent . He 's totally aware of what he did . We just do n't know why . " Goodwin said Jerome Lynch had suffered a stroke several years ago , leading to a slur in his speech and a need for a cane or walker to get around . Goodwin added that her family has no idea where he got the acid . Police believe the corrosive substance was actually a cleaning solution that contained 98 % sulfuric acid . According to Goodwin , Darlene Lynch suffered burns over 50 % of her body -- on her face and over her left side . At one point , it was feared she might lose her left eye , but Goodwin says her cousin is now able to see out of it . An emergency medical team took the daughter to NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital in critical condition after the attack . NYPD spokesman Sgt. John Buthorn said Sunday that Jerome Lynch had been arrested and charged with felony assault . Information about his arraignment and legal representation were not immediately available . Afghan girls attacked with acid	Jerome Lynch is accused of throwing acid in his daughter 's face She reportedly suffered burns over 50 % of her body A motive for the attack is unknown , says the man 's niece
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Los Angeles Episcopalians elected an openly lesbian bishop late Saturday , the denomination 's news service reported . The Rev. Mary Douglas Glasspool , 55 , will become the first openly gay bishop in the Episcopal Church since Gene Robinson took office in New Hampshire in 2004 , if she is formally approved . Conservative factions in the Anglican Communion -- a 77-million member denomination worldwide , with the Episcopal Church as its U.S. branch -- have opposed the ordination of gay bishops . The archbishop of Canterbury , the head of the Anglican Communion , issued a statement Saturday saying that Glasspool 's election "  raises very serious questions not just for the Episcopal Church and its place in the Anglican Communion , but for the Communion as a whole , " according to the Episcopal Church 's Web site . Glasspool 's election is the first choice of an openly gay bishop since the church ended an agreement designed to keep the worldwide Anglican Communion from tearing itself apart . In the wake of the Robinson controversy , Episcopalians called a temporary halt to appointing any more openly gay bishops , to give the church time to hammer out a compromise . They voted this summer not to renew the ban . Glasspool , now based in Baltimore at the Diocese of Maryland , is the first openly gay candidate elected bishop since then . The Diocese of Minnesota considered an openly gay candidate for bishop in October , but chose another priest when votes were cast . Some Episcopal leaders reacted angrily to Glasspool 's election . The Rev. Canon Kendall Harmon , canon theologian from the Diocese of South Carolina , said the election "  represents an intransigent embrace of a pattern of life Christians throughout history and the world have rejected as against biblical teaching , " according to the Episcopal Church site . Glasspool will assist Bishop Diocesan J. Jon Bruno in ministry to the Los Angeles region 's 70,000 parishioners , according to that diocese 's Web site . She will become one of two bishops suffragan -- the second-highest position in the clergy of the diocese -- if she is formally approved . The choice requires consent from a majority of the church 's other 108 dioceses . "  If by chance people are going to withhold consents because of Mary 's sexuality , it would be a violation of the canons of this church , " Bruno said , according to the Episcopal Church site . Glasspool also becomes the second woman bishop in the 114-year history of the diocese -- elected only hours after the first , the Rev. Diane Jardine Bruce , 53 . She is the 17th woman elected as an Episcopal bishop nationwide , according to the diocese Web site . "  She 's not afraid of conflict and she is a reconciler , " Bruno said , according to the Web site . Glasspool and her partner of 19 years are an example of loving service and ministry , he added . Her partner , Becki Sander , recently earned a doctorate in social work . Glasspool , who has been ordained a priest for 27 years , is the daughter of an Episcopal priest , the diocese said . She and Bruce were among six candidates nominated by a 24-member diocesan committee , according to the diocese . Bruce is now rector at St. Clement 's by-the-Sea Episcopal Church in Southern California . Describing herself when she was nominated , she wrote : "  At St. Clement 's by-the-Sea , I pastor in a mixed Latino/Anglo neighborhood . Next to million-dollar homes near the beach are buildings with two or three families sharing one small apartment . We offer three services every Sunday : two in English and one in Spanish . I minister to a group ranging from the very wealthy to the very poor . I am most proud of having helped start the Peaceful Warrior Tae Kwon Do Academy for at-risk youth in the neighborhood . "	Rev. Mary Douglas Glasspool would be nation 's second openly gay Episcopal bishop Election must be formally approved by majority of other Episcopal dioceses Church has been torn over issue of openly gay and lesbian clergy , bishops Archbishop of Canterbury says Glasspool 's election "  raises very serious questions "
Rose Anne Schulman has been known to go into the grocery store , buy fried chicken and eat four pieces of it in the parking lot . But that was the old her . Now when she has that craving she buys a rotisserie chicken , takes the skin off and eats only one piece . She does n't actually know how much weight she 's lost over the last year-and-a-half because she previously was too embarrassed to get on a scale . She knows she once wore a size 20 . Now she 's a size 4 . A former dance teacher , Schulman never thought about what she was eating because she burned so many calories with aerobics , jazz , clogging , tap and ballet . Then a broken foot landed her on the couch . She remembers sitting in her house for weeks , eating her sorrows away . "  Every time there was a crisis I turned to food for solace , " the Atlanta resident says . And once she started , she could n't stop . Her weight went up and down as her foot healed and her husband recovered from two different life-threatening illnesses . Schulman would lose 20 pounds then put it back on , then lose and gain again . Two years ago , she was shopping for a dress to wear to her son 's wedding . Everything she tried on she thought looked like a potato sack . When she finally found a dress , the saleswoman told her it would look better if she lost 5 pounds . Schulman remembers thinking the woman really meant 35 pounds . With five months until the wedding , she went home and decided to try to lose five pounds by watching what she ate . Those five pounds disappeared pretty quickly . She started questioning all her food choices . "  Is it worth it to eat this piece of cake ? " she would ask herself . The answer was usually "  No . " She soon realized she did n't need what she calls the frills , such as croutons and mayonnaise-based dressing on salad . She became more and more careful about what she put in her mouth . She read food labels . She stopped sampling her recipes while cooking . People often say to her , "  You ca n't lose weight that way , " she says , and she proudly tells them , "  Yes you can because I did . " Soon that dress for her son 's wedding in June 2012 was too big . She needed a size 16 and was elated to fit into a "  normal " size . "  I did n't look like the fat lady anymore , but I did n't look like the skinny lady either , " she says . She kept at it by making simple changes -- a strategy she continues today . At breakfast , for example , she 'll go for low sugar instant oatmeal , which is 110 calories instead of 160 calories for the regular packet . All those extra calories add up over the course of a year , Schulman says , and to save them you are n't really giving up anything . upwave : Try it now ! Cut back on added sugar Portion control is also important , she says . Instead of eating a sandwich or two for lunch , she has soup and tuna salad or cottage cheese . Because she lacks discipline , she buys individual cups of cottage cheese instead of a big container to prevent herself from eating twice as much as she should . She wants people to know eating healthy does n't have to be horrible : "  You just have to think about what you are doing . " These days she does n't even have the urge to eat anything fattening , although she did enjoy some chocolate cake with ice cream on her birthday . She shared it with her husband , Alan , who is also reaping the benefits of his wife 's change in lifestyle . Alan has lost 85 pounds . Schulman lost 25 pounds before she even added exercise into the equation . Now she takes a Zumba class twice a week and walks several miles to and from her synagogue to attended religious services on Saturday . She says that walk is much easier at her current size than it used to be . She 's tried other exercise routines such as walking on the treadmill , but says that bores her and she ends up going home and eating afterward . One year after trying to take off five pounds to fit into that size 20 dress , Schulman was wearing a size 8 . On a recent shopping trip , she came out of the fitting room in a dress and the saleswoman told her it was too big . Schulman laughed and showed the woman a picture of the old her . Then she bought a size 4 . She says she was happy when she got down to a size 10 , but she 's happier at a size 4 . "  This is the first time in my life that I feel like I do n't need to lose weight , " she says . Schulman , now 65 , worries about gaining the weight back but knows it 's different this time . She 's still getting used to her new body but says it 's definitely not temporary . "  I did n't go on a diet , " she says . "  I changed my lifestyle . "	Rose Anne Schulman wore a size 20 ; now she 's a size 4 Schulman lost weight by making small changes to her diet She takes a Zumba class twice a week and walks to her synagogue on Saturdays
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Tuesday that a proposed ban on semi-automatic firearms modeled after military assault weapons has no chance of passing the chamber , but he wants to ensure a vote on it will occur . The proposal to update a similar 1994 ban that expired a decade later was one of four measures passed by the Senate Judiciary Committee in response to the Connecticut school massacre in December . Reid , D-Nevada , told reporters he wo n't keep the proposed ban in gun legislation heading to the full Senate for consideration because including it would guarantee the measure would be blocked by a Republican filibuster . The ban proposed by Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , and fiercely opposed by the National Rifle Association , Republicans and some Democrats would get fewer than 40 votes , Reid said , far below the threshold needed to defeat any filibuster or pass the Senate . What 's in Feinstein 's gun bill ? Instead , Feinstein could propose the ban as an amendment to the gun legislation on the Senate floor in order to get a vote on it , Reid said . President Barack Obama supports Feinstein 's proposal . The other proposals passed by the Judiciary Committee would expand background checks on gun sales , toughen laws against firearms trafficking and straw purchases , and design steps to improve school safety . Reid 's move does n't come as a surprise as he has signaled for weeks he would only allow a vote on an assault weapons amendment . "  I have to get something on the floor , " Reid said . Feinstein said she was "  disappointed " with Reid 's decision , which he told her about in a private meeting on Monday . Feinstein : NRA is ` venal ' She acknowledged that other provisions of a gun-control package might have a better chance of passing without the controversial assault weapons ban . "  The enemies on this are very powerful , " Feinstein said . "  I 've known that all my life . " Nevertheless , Feinstein said the issue was very important to her and she would not stop pursuing it . "  I 'm not going to lay down and play dead , " she told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , the Democratic whip , told CNN the proposed ban would make crafting broader legislation harder to accomplish . "  Harry is trying to put together a base package that will get 60 votes on the floor , " Durbin said . It is unclear , however , if any of the measures ultimately would clear the Senate . "  All these issues are important and I 'm going to what I can to make sure we have a fair , sound debate on this , " Reid said . "  I want something to succeed . " Reid said he would schedule floor debate shortly after the Senate returns from its upcoming recess in April . Feinstein describes feelings during exchange with ` arrogant ' colleague CNN 's Ted Barrett , Tom Cohen and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Sen. Harry Reid says the proposed ban on some firearms wo n't get enough votes Reid will introduce gun legislation without the ban to ensure it clears a GOP filibuster Reid says the ban 's sponsor , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , can then offer it as an amendment NEW : Feinstein says she is disappointed , but wo n't back down
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Lawmakers in Nepal will vote Saturday to pick the country 's first president since it became a republic . Nepal became a republic after the deposal of King Gyanendra Shah earlier this year . The country 's newly elected Constituent Assembly abolished a 239-year monarchy following elections in April . But with no one party winning a majority of the seats , it is unclear who may become president . The position is largely ceremonial . But a president will swear in whoever is picked as the new prime minister . The three main political parties continued to negotiate over whom to name president . The Nepali Congress wants outgoing prime minister and party president Girija Prasad Koirala for the position . The Communist Party of Nepal  United Marxist-Leninist  wants its leader . But the Maoists -- which won the largest number of seats but fell short of a majority -- do not favor either of the two men . They want a non-political figure as president . Journalist Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report	Lawmakers in Nepal to to pick the country 's first president since it became a republic Unclear who may become president as no party had a majority in recent elections Maoists , who won most seats , want a non-political figure as president
CNN  -- When CNN 's Mike Rowe visited a bird sanctuary on his new series "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It , " he drew some heat from viewers . Ryan Thompson , of Chandler , Arizona , posted this on Rowe 's Facebook account : "  Hey Mike , love the new show ... I watched the last episode with the cranes and the birds suits  little weird ... but whatever  . One question came to mind though -- is that place funded privately or by the government ? I kept thinking it 's one of those places that costs the tax payers millions each year to keep the doors open . " Another viewer , Panier De Fraises , wrote : "  You did a disservice to Operation Migration and the whooping crane project on "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It . " You came across as bored and disdainful . You say you work for the people who watch you and not the people who pay you -- OK . You 're on probation . " Rowe 's response : "  Hi Panier Fair enough . I 've been on probation my whole career , and I 'll be grateful to remain there as long as you can tolerate me . But for what it 's worth , you 're mistaken . I was neither bored nor disdainful of anything I saw at the whooping crane facility . In fact , I was genuinely impressed with Dr. French and his team , and glad to give their program some national exposure . Now it 's true - I did n't swoon in their presence , or behave as though I agreed with every single thing I heard . Dr. French was very clear about why he does what he does - he believes the whooping crane has as much right to exist as we do . I doubt that everyone shares that view . Should they ? Whooping cranes were nearly hunted into extinction , and left homeless as their natural environment was systematically eliminated by short-sighted Homo sapiens . Personally , that makes me sad and angry . Thus , I 'm happy to shine a light on Dr. French 's efforts , and pay some money to see the whooping crane survive . But Ryan asks a very fair question . How much ? More than the spotted owl ? Less than the whales ? Should there be a limit on what we spend to save an endangered species ? Depending on your worldview , questions like these are annoying . But they are nevertheless important , because we 're all in this together . Is the whooping crane more valuable than the snow leopard ? What about the desert tortoise ? Or The black rhino ? Exactly how bad are we supposed to feel when a species exits planet earth ? Is it a tragedy ? An ecological disaster ? Or just a damn shame ? Lot 's of people are currently worried about overfishing -- specifically , the depletion of the worlds tuna stocks . Some people are worried because they 're concerned about the rising price of tuna . Others are worried about its long term viability as a delicious menu item . And others are protesting because they believe it 's morally wrong to eat them . The difference is important , because an individuals worldview will absolutely inform their opinion about basic conservation . According to some other show I just narrated for some other channel , there are approximately 8.7 million species on the planet , give or take 1.3 million .  If a 1.3 million delta seems high , consider that the previous estimate put the number of total species on Earth between 3 million and 100 million , which is somewhat baffling in and of itself .  But here 's the most intriguing statistic -- of the 8.7 million species now estimated to inhabit the planet , approximately 88 % have yet to be discovered , described and cataloged . That strikes me as rather extraordinary . Point is , you could fill a library with what we do n't know about biodiversity . And yet , many people have a deep and abiding conviction about the proper way to discuss the plight of endangered animals . You seem offended Panier , because my attitude did not reflect the seriousness that you believe this topic deserves . You were n't alone . But consider -- many others were equally offended because I gave a platform to a man who believes that all creatures on the planet are entitled to the same right to exist as humans . A lot of people told me that with 7,000 children dying every year from hunger , the plight of the whooping crane was not worth my time . Thus , addressing this topic in a light-hearted television show is guaranteed to offend somebody . If you watch the episode again ,  assuming I 'm still on probation ,  I think you 'll see that we tried to focus on the human elements -- the simple joy that Dr. French and his team take in their work , and the passion they bring to their job each and every day . Experts call it "  congruency , " that rare and wondrous state that occurs when your beliefs and your actions line up perfectly , and net out in a vocation or avocation that you truly love . Dr. French is first and foremost , congruent , and thus , perfectly suited for SGDI . Are his efforts worth the cost ? Was I disrespectful ? Is there no room for levity ? Those are fair questions upon which reasonable people might disagree . But one thing 's for sure -- the cranes are damn lucky to have the good doctor in their corner . And I wish them both every success . " CNN 's Rebecca Angel Baer contributed to this story .	Viewers accuse CNN 's Mike Rowe of doing a "  disservice " to a project aimed at saving whooping cranes Rowe : "  I was neither bored nor disdainful " "  Many people have a deep and abiding conviction about ... the plight of endangered animals , " says Rowe
CNN  -- When the Pentagon decided last week to delay the deployment of aircraft carrier USS Harry Truman to the Persian Gulf because of looming budget cuts , some military families found their already unpredictable lives thrown into even more uncertainty , victims of the ugly budget battle in Congress . One military wife , Jenelle Hatzung , said she heard on the news , rather than from the Navy , that her husband 's deployment was canceled just days before he was set to leave on the USS Truman . "  I never thought Congress ' inability to pass a budget would so intimately affect my personal life , " she said . She and her husband had plannedthe adoption of a baby to coincide with the time he would be home ; now , those plans are in peril as her ensign husband faces a new schedule that will probably interrupt the proceedings . "  It is n't right , " wrote Navy wife Jill Qualters on her blog . "  I know that this whole thing comes down to the one thing that runs the world : money . And I know it is completely naive of me to think that families would come first . But this kind of emotional whiplash takes a toll . " All military families are living under the shadow of upcoming sequestration budget cuts . Although we hear congressional leaders extol their support for military families -- they even wear their alleged patriotism on their smart striped suits -- it 's clear from inaction on the budget that their support is as empty as the USS Truman 's deck . Panetta warns of degraded military readiness from cuts You see , not a lot of Americans serve in the military ; it 's only a tiny slice of the pie . According to a Pew Research study , about one-half of 1 % of American adults have served on active duty at any given time in the past decade . So when the wind dies down and the flags stop flapping , military families are truly forgotten . We are no longer "  special " interests . A bit of Sequestration 101 : When legislators raised the debt ceiling in 2011 but could n't agree on a deficit-cutting plan , they passed the Budget Control Act , which called for huge automatic spending cuts -- or sequestration -- to start in January 2013 unless a plan for balancing the budget was drawn up . That did n't happen . If nothing changes , $ 1.2 trillion in automatic defense and nondefense spending cuts , divided evenly , will kick in over the next 10 years . On military installations across the United States and around the world , operations have been hurt . Troops and brass are waiting for the ax to fall . Again . Commanders are paralyzed , unable to schedule training or order equipment because they do n't know their budgets . Troops preparing for combat deployments are n't getting the training that is essential for them to survive their missions . Service members in Afghanistan are already seeing the effects of anticipated budget cuts in everything from the equipment they are issued , or not issued , to the hours the chow halls are open . We do n't know what will happen to funding for the programs designed to tackle this war 's ugly twins , post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury , not to mention the rising suicide epidemic among veterans and military family members . The fact is , we are losing about 22 veterans to suicide every day , with no evidence that the deadly tide is retreating . By the Numbers : Recent defense spending Military pay is exempt from sequestration cuts , but pay raises are n't . Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta will also ask Congress to limit next year 's military pay increase to just 1 % , even though the Labor Department 's expected Employment Cost index for 2014 is higher . Translation : an effective pay cut . Congress , it seems , is banking on our patriotism once again . They are taking for granted that the less than 1 % who responded after the worst terrorist attacks in our nation 's history -- and then responded again by staying in the fight for 11 years and counting -- will respond yet again by standing by stoically . We understand that sacrifice is required of everyone in order to reduce our national debt , but the sacrifice should be shared by all . We can not perpetuate this fiscal mess . So this time around , we will pour our hearts and souls into compelling government leaders to feel , if only for a moment , what playing politics with people like Hatzung truly means . Military families will take to social media to write , tweet and post about the fiscal cliff 's dangerous slide . They will write their members of Congress to remind them that relying on 1 % of Americans to shoulder a nation 's burden is preposterous . And do n't think our problems do n't really affect most Americans . According to Panetta , "  rough estimates suggest after 10 years of these cuts , we would have the smallest ground force since 1940 , the smallest number of ships since 1915 , and the smallest Air Force in ... history . " Americans will be more vulnerable to emerging threats than ever , and with less training and equipment to respond . In other words , when the wolves come back to our door , there will be fewer , and noticeably weaker , dogs to keep them at bay . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : Military families live with uncertainty as sequestration cuts loom Families ca n't make plans , they say ; troops and brass wait for sequestration ax to fall Congress seems to forget military families when it 's not election season , they write Writers : Secretary of defense warns of a diminished ability to defend nation if cuts happen
CNN  -- The Texas actress who admitted sending ricin-laced letters to President Barack Obama and then-New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg was sentenced to 18 years in prison Wednesday , the U.S. attorney 's office said . Shannon Guess Richardson , 36 , also was ordered to pay $ 367,000 in restitution . "  Today 's sentencing brings an appropriate and just end to what is surely one of our most unusual , even bizarre cases , " John Bales , U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Texas , said in a statement . In December , the actress pleaded guilty to possession of a toxin for use as a weapon , prosecutors said . Though the charge carried a maximum penalty of life in prison , prosecutors said at the time that Richardson entered into a plea deal under which she would not serve more than 18 years . Three envelopes containing the natural , highly toxic compound derived from castor beans were mailed from Shreveport , Louisiana , in May 2013 , after records showed Richardson made online purchases of castor beans and lye , another component of ricin . Richardson lived in New Boston , Texas , about 90 miles north of Shreveport . In addition to Obama and Bloomberg , Richardson also mailed a poison letter to Mark Glaze , then-director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns , which Bloomberg founded , an FBI arrest affidavit said . The group 's office is in Washington . The letters , which contained what the FBI described as "  very low concentrations " of ricin , were discovered before causing any injuries or fatalities . They also issued a threat : "  You will have to kill me and my family before you get my guns . The right to bear arms is my constitutional God-given right . What 's in this letter is nothing compared to what I 've got planned for you . " What is ricin ? Richardson -- who had minor roles in television shows , including "  The Walking Dead " and "  The Vampire Diaries " -- initially told FBI agents that her now-estranged husband had sent the tainted letters . But authorities said Richardson was found to be "  deceptive " in a polygraph exam . Investigators found that her computer storage devices contained the text of threatening letters to Obama and the couple 's computer records showed that her husband could n't have printed them because he was at work at the time , according to an FBI arrest affidavit . Eventually , Richardson admitted to investigators that she 'd mailed the letters , though she claimed her husband had typed them out and forced her to print and mail them , the affidavit said . Nathaniel Richardson denied any wrongdoing , telling investigators that his wife was "  intentionally misleading " them and that she wanted to end their marriage , court papers said . He filed for divorce in June 2013 , and court papers indicated that Shannon Richardson was pregnant . According to CNN affiliate KYTX-TV , Shannon Richardson gave birth to a boy , Brody , in July 2013 , four months before her due date . CNN 's Josh Levs , Greg Botelho , Ed Lavandera and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Shannon Richardson gets 18 years in prison , must pay $ 367,000 in restitution Texas actress had minor roles in "  The Walking Dead " and "  The Vampire Diaries " Richardson mailed ricin-laced letters to President Obama and Michael Bloomberg The woman gave birth to a baby boy , Brody , while in custody , CNN affiliate reports
Edinburgh , Scotland  CNN  -- The three main UK party leaders gave a joint promise Tuesday that Scotland will get extra powers if it opts to stay part of the United Kingdom in a landmark vote in two days ' time . Opinion polls have put the pro-independence and pro-union camps neck-and-neck in the run-up to Thursday 's referendum . With the survival of the 300-year-old union of England , Scotland and Wales as Great Britain on a knife-edge , UK Prime Minister David Cameron of the Conservatives , coalition partner Nick Clegg of the Liberal Democrats and Labour leader Ed Miliband have joined forces to beg Scotland to stay . In a pledge published on the front page of Scotland 's Daily Record newspaper , the three leaders say that if Scotland 's voters reject independence , work to devolve "  extensive new powers " from the central government in Westminster will start Friday . The issue of spending on social welfare and health care , through the National Health Service , has been central to the pro-independence campaign . Questions over the economy and taxation have also been key . In their promise , the leaders say "  we can state categorically that the final say on how much is spent on the NHS will be a matter for the Scottish Parliament . " They conclude , "  People want to see change . A No vote will deliver faster , safer and better change than separation . " ` Once-in-a-lifetime opportunity ' With a huge turnout expected for the referendum , both sides are desperate to win over the undecided voters who could hold the future of the United Kingdom in their hands . In a speech Monday in Aberdeen , Scotland , Cameron made an emotional plea for Scotland not to "  end the United Kingdom as we know it " and warned that there was no turning back if voters decide on independence . "  This is a decision that could break up our family of nations , and rip Scotland from the rest of the UK , " he said . "  And we must be very clear . There 's no going back from this . No rerun . This is a once-and-for-all decision . "  If Scotland votes yes , the UK will split , and we will go our separate ways forever . " Cameron said he spoke for millions of people across the United Kingdom -- including in Scotland -- who would be "  heartbroken " to see Scotland leave , and he warned that it would be a "  painful divorce . " Photo blog : Scottish teens face historic vote The "  Yes Scotland " campaign , led by Scotland 's First Minister Alex Salmond , says that only by voting for independence can Scotland be sure that it will have full control of its own taxation and spending . Salmond , speaking in Edinburgh on Monday , called the vote a "  once-in-a-lifetime opportunity " for Scotland . "  Nobody goes back " from independence , he said . "  The evidence is that more and more people in Scotland are wanting to put Scotland 's future into Scotland 's hands . " The yes/no referendum question will ask voters , "  Should Scotland be an independent country ? " Scotland 's vote : What you need to know White House : We want a strong , robust UK White House spokesman Josh Earnest weighed into the debate Monday , echoing remarks previously made by U.S. President Barack Obama . "  This is a decision for the people of Scotland to make , " he said . "  We certainly respect the right of individual Scots to make a decision about the -- along these lines . "  But , you know , as the President himself said , we have an interest in seeing the United Kingdom remain strong , robust , united and an effective partner . " Many unanswered questions revolve around defense if Scotland votes for independence . The Scottish National Party , headed by Salmond , has said it wants to remove the UK nuclear submarine fleet from Scottish waters as soon as possible . ' A fool 's errand ' The debate has polarized opinion in the business world , as well as in political circles . The Financial Times published a full-page editorial last week headlined , "  The case for union is overwhelming . The path of separation is a fool 's errand . " Speaking to CNN 's Christiane Amanpour this week , editor Lionel Barber said , "  We really believe that it would be very dangerous and highly risky in terms of economics . ... We believe that the ` Yes ' campaign has not answered important questions -- notably : What will the currency be ? We do n't know . " The three main parties in Westminster have said that an independent Scotland would not be able to keep the pound . There are also unanswered questions about tax increases and the fiscal implications of independence , Barber said . While the newspaper does not deny that Scotland has the right to choose independence , he said , "  We are just pointing to the dangers of uncertainty , the price of uncertainty , which will affect ordinary people . " Salmond , who met with business leaders in Edinburgh , said the "  impressive array " of business leaders who back the independence campaign "  is a very strong point in the ` Yes ' campaign . " "  These are the people looking forward to the realization that Scotland can have a more prosperous economy but also wants a more just society . And their voice and that combination of things is something that will carry a good deal of weight off the ballot sheet . " CNN 's Max Foster reported from Edinburgh , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London .	Leaders of the three main UK parties give Scotland a joint promise of extra powers Voters will go to the polls Thursday to decide on independence for Scotland Prime Minister David Cameron begs Scotland to stay , says it 's a "  once-and-for-all decision " Pro-independence chief Alex Salmond says Scottish people want their future in their hands
An Australian crocodile named Elvis took matters into his own hands -- or rather , jaws -- Wednesday when he became annoyed by the sound of a lawnmower . The five-meter  16-foot  beast , who lives at the Australian Reptile Park in Somersby , near Sydney , apparently became enraged when two noisy mowers were taken into his enclosure at the same time , a keeper told CNN affiliate 7 News . Video footage shows Elvis sinking his teeth into the mower and dragging it into his pool , where he then guards it until the machine "  drowns , " as prey would when pulled underwater . Keeper Tim Falkner can be heard shouting "  let it go , let it go " to his co-worker as the saltwater crocodile takes hold . A post on the park 's website recounts how "  cranky croc Elvis " made his move . "  Out of nowhere , he lunged at one of the mowers , dragging it down into the lagoon . He then guarded his new prize until a couple of brave keepers jumped into the enclosure to retrieve the mower and two teeth that he lost in the process ! We 're happy to report that no one was hurt and Elvis is none the worse for his adventure . " Video shows the crocodile being lured away from his trophy by one of the keepers with a piece of meat on a stick , while the other ventures into the water as a crowd of visitors watch from a safe distance . As the largest crocodile in New South Wales , Elvis has exceptionally big teeth , keepers say , with the largest measuring 9 centimeters in length  3.5 inches  . The 50-year-old reptile was given a home in the park in 2008 , after causing trouble in Darwin harbor by climbing onto fishing boats , according to the Australian Associated Press . Visitors can watch him being fed on weekends and holidays -- but may not get to see him munching on a mower again any time soon .	Saltwater crocodile Elvis is the largest in New South Wales , the reptile park says The croc grabbed the lawnmower while keepers were cutting grass in his enclosure He reportedly joined the reptile park in 2008 after becoming a nuisance in Darwin Harbor The creature 's teeth measure up to 9 centimeters  3.5 inches  in length
CNN  -- "  Wherever the olive tree grows , you wo n't find much tax being collected , " the mayor of a small town in southern Spain told me a few years ago . He shrugged ; such was life . He probably had no idea that some high-powered academics were about to come up with the same conclusion . When they analyzed Europe 's "  shadow economies " -- defined as areas that fall beyond the reach of the taxman -- those of Greece , Italy , Spain and Portugal were much larger  relatively  than those in northern Europe . That is partly because of the higher number of self-employed and family businesses , which tend to deal in cash and pay little tax . But to many economic commentators , tax evasion is also a national pastime in much of southern Europe , and a significant factor in the region 's burgeoning financial crisis . According to a 2007 paper by Austrian economist Friedrich Schneider , the shadow economy in Italy accounted for 22.3 % of gross domestic product  GDP  , that of Spain 19.3 % ; Portugal 19.2 % and Greece a staggering 25.1 % . By comparison , the U.S. shadow economy was 7.2 % of GDP . A recent European Union report came up with similar figures . Silvio Berlusconi mused several years ago that high tax rates in Italy made evasion a "  natural right " for many . And the evidence does suggest that wherever tax rates and social security contributions are high , the shadow economy is larger . The U.S. ambassador in Rome noted in a 2009 diplomatic cable published by WikiLeaks that Italy was "  addicted both to profligate social welfare spending and to tax evasion . " And this year , Industry Minister Paolo Romani estimated "  phantom " or undeclared income in Italy at a monstrous $ 320 billion . The Italian state -- whose debt has measured more than 100 % of GDP every year since 1992 -- is perennially poor , in a country of individual wealth that 's well hidden from the authorities . Economy Minister Giulio Tremonti recently told a conference that fewer than 800 people in Italy -- which is the world 's seventh-richest country -- had declared incomes of more than 1 million euros  $ 1.4 million  in 2010 . That means the salaried middle class end up paying more . Tremonti is aiming to more than double the amount recovered from tax evasion within the next two years . A recently unveiled series of television commercials attacks the "  parassita della societa " -- the parasites evading taxes , comparing them with malarial mosquitoes . Even so , the European Commission is not optimistic that Italy 's "  heavy reliance " on tackling tax evasion will be enough to balance the budget within two years . Greek PM optimistic about referendum Until 2006 , national and local taxes in Italy were collected by banks and other private institutions . It was only five years ago that a single agency -- Equitalia -- was created to modernize tax collection . Not that Italians have taken the agency to their hearts , with effigies of Equitalia sometimes hanged at public protests . The Italian media and activist groups say the agency has gone after the lower middle-class taxpayers for small tax debts , often forcing people into foreclosure , while tax evasion among the wealthy remains rampant . Taxation in Italy also is a cumbersome business . For example , there are six different levels of taxation on diesel fuel -- from fishing boats to taxis and ambulances . And there are multiple agencies involved in tax assessment that are not famous for cooperating . But the price of not improving the government 's tax take may be high . Until now Italy has been able to service its debt with relative comfort , but higher interest rates on its bonds may imperil that . The yield on Italian debt now exceeds 6 % . Greece is renowned for its history of tax evasion , estimated last year as worth 4 % of GDP -- $ 11 billion . It may be much more : the Federation of Greek Industries has estimated that the government may be losing as much as $ 30 billion a year to tax evasion . A report by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development on Greece last year concluded that "  to fight widespread tax evasion , a sustained and major effort to strengthen tax administration is necessary . Particular emphasis should be placed on enforcement to ensure that those in the informal economy are brought into the tax net . " That apparently includes some prominent doctors in an up-market part of Athens , who declared incomes of less that $ 45,000 but had kids at private schools , and owned swimming pools , yachts and other visible signs of wealth . Their names were published last year as part of a populist campaign by Prime Minister George Papandreou to get tough with tax evaders . More embarrassment came when Professor Herakles Polemarchakis -- former head of the prime minister 's economic department -- found that the farming town of Larisa in Greece had more Porsche Cayenne SUVs per capita than any other city in the world . In an article , Polemarchakis noted : "  The proliferation of Cayennes is a curiosity , given that farming is not a flourishing sector in Greece " and that declared incomes in Larisa were very modest . Greece has revived an "  Economic Crimes Enforcement Agency " and tried to improve tax collection as part of a multi-pronged initiative to cut the budget deficit . But collecting more taxes in the teeth of a savage recession is not easy . The opposition New Democracy party has argued for lower tax rates combined with more effective action in tackling tax evasion . The influential London Business School says in a recent paper that the Greek tax system is hopelessly broken . "  Tax and customs and excise evasion must be addressed head-on , " it says , while noting that former senior officials at the Ministry of Finance had forecast "  astonishingly , that even if all the tax-collecting authorities were shut down , state revenues would not suffer noticeably . " The London Business School report says many officials had simply refused to carry out audits demanded by the Finance Ministry and concluded that the current tax authorities were "  beyond salvation . " Spain has done more than most to tackle tax evasion , according to analysts , taking more tax cheats to court and gathering more data from bills and credit card records to pursue tax evaders . Authorities have tracked down an estimated 200,000 individuals who had not declared income from rental properties , previously a massive source of tax evasion . Five years ago the Spanish Ministry of Finance also launched an investigation to find out why a quarter of all high-denomination 500-euro notes circulating in Europe were in Spain . The answer -- they were handy for organized crime and as a way of evading taxes in Spain 's booming  but now busted  construction industry . Spaniards began calling the 500-euro note the ` bin Laden ' -- everyone knew what it stood for and what it looked like , but no one ever saw it .  Italian investigators have warned that the bank note was becoming popular with the mafia and adding to the problem of tax evasion . The Spanish government reaped more than $ 13 billion last year by clamping down on evasion -- 23 % more than in 2009 . Spain 's tax authorities have established special units to monitor the "  offshoring " of revenues by companies and fraud in the real estate market . But groups like the Corporate Social Responsibility Observatory say 80 % of Spain 's largest firms continue to harbor profits in tax havens . Better tax collection is not going to solve the myriad of economic problems confronting the Mediterranean countries , where extravagant state spending , inflexible labor markets , distorted competition policy and inefficient state enterprises have all contributed to the current crisis . But at a time when investors and lenders want to see "  fiscal rectitude , " going after tax evaders is one of the easier ways of demonstrating intent .	"  Shadow economies " are defined as areas that fall beyond the reach of the taxman They include self-employed and family businesses , which tend to deal in cash and pay little tax For Greece , Italy , Spain and Portugal , they represent sizable portions of the GDP
CNN  -- It 's always funny to get tweets and e-mails from followers of radio entertainer Rush Limbaugh . None of them ever actually think of checking the facts out before they begin their ignorant , vile and rambling rants . I suppose that 's to be expected because all they are doing is following their feckless leader , Limbaugh . Last week I took to Twitter to express my disgust with the racist tweets sent to Joel Ward , the Washington Capitals forward who scored the game-winning goal against the Boston Bruins in the pivotal Game 7 of their first round matchup . Ward , who is black , should have been praised for great play . Instead , he was insulted , ridiculed and called the N-word . As a result , I sent out the following tweets : -- "  It 's no shock that a black hockey player is being called nasty vicious things for a game winning goal . Only folks in denial about racism are . -- "  The reality is that weak-minded punks hide behind anonymous comments on message boards AND social media . -- "  I had my arms crossed one day in an editorial meeting and was called "  intimidating " & "  threatening . " Thinking While Black , huh ? LOL -- "  I simply accept the reality that racism is in the DNA of America . And when that button is pushed , the true feelings come tumbling out ! -- "  Trust me , I know the inherent bigotry in ` we want our country back ' and ` he 's not like us ' or ` you have a different worldview . ' " -- "  Why do I love a changing America ? Because the walls are tumbling down ! One of the last bastions ? Media . Some folks are still holding on ! " -- "  Sports is great because talent ai n't subjective . It 's clear . You win or lose . I know from media history/experience that talent is irrelevant " -- "  So to all of the soft/hard bigots , we ai n't going anywhere . Keep hatin , we 'll keep on fighting & winning . But do know we know who you are ! " Limbaugh was apprised of what I tweeted , so when a young listener called in , he brought up what I wrote and said : "  Roland Martin is a friend of Obama 's and here is his Tweet : ' I simply accept the reality that racism is in the DNA of America and when that button is pushed the true feelings come tumbling out . ' "  You asked me about racism and the media ; well , here is a black journalist at CNN . I do n't know what this is relating to but again Paul , ' I simply accept the reality racism is in the DNA of America . ' So here is a mainstream journalist who just lives with the assumption that this is a racist country . Always there . And in his case is first because he 's black , but he 's liberal first . "  All liberals are liberals before they 're anything else , if they 're Jewish , if they 're gay , female , male , they 're liberals first , Paul . That is their religion . And that religion requires loyalty . You must have faith in them . They are the equivalent of your higher power . You must trust them ; you must let them manage your affairs . This guy tweeting today that racism is in the DNA of America , so we are as a country founded in a flawed , sinful way . We are unjust as a country , it 's immoral as a country , and that belief allows Mr. Martin excuse to be able to have power over people , to be able to punish people he thinks are racist . " Here is the key phrase out of all of the nonsense Rush spewed : "  I do n't know what this is relating to . " Had Rush and his crack research team bothered to get the context -- is that a bad disease going around lately ? -- he would have realized that I was speaking about the racial slurs against the black hockey player . That 's when all of the knuckleheads began to write me , and many said that I was inciting the issue by even bringing it up . Several suggested that by ignoring racism , all will be well and it will just go away . Really ? Is that how it works ? Look , there is no need for Americans to stop living in denial . Race has been in the DNA of America since its founding . Slavery . Formation of our precious U.S. Constitution . The Civil War . Reconstruction . Jim Crow . The turbulence of the Civil Rights Movement . Integration . Busing . Pick the subject and we 've had to contend with the issue of race . I was only speaking truthfully to what so many Americans love to ignore . But hey , do n't believe me . Here is what Republican star and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice had to say about race in America on CBS 's "  Face the Nation " in 2011 : "  It is a birth defect with which this country was born out of slavery ; we 're never really going to be race blind . I think it goes back to whether or not race and class -- that is , race and poverty -- is not becoming even more of a constraint . "  Because with the failing public schools , I worry that the way that my grandparents got out of poverty , the way that my parents became educated , is just not going to be there for a whole bunch of kids . And I do think that race and poverty is still a terrible witch 's brew . " Earlier she discussed the advancements of African-Americans in the U.S. -- whether it 's a CEO or president of the United States -- yet even she concluded that "  we 're never going to erase race as a factor in American life . " So I say DNA . Rice says birth defect . Hmmm , is it really that different ? Ignoring racism will do nothing to solve the problem . Calling it out , speaking against it and educating others is what 's important . I find it hilarious that as an African-American , I 'm told to ignore racism . I could n't imagine telling someone Jewish , "  anti-Semitism is n't a big deal ! Stop harping on it . It 'll disappear . " The problem for too many of us is that we live in a world of denial . We choose not to confront the problem because that means looking inward and confronting how we were raised ; what our parents taught us ; or even having to check out friends for their bigotry . Racism is n't just black or white . It can be a two-way street between any groups . I prefer to not be silent about it and call it out . Have I experienced racism in my life , as well as in the media ? Of course ! Sure , I grow tired of having to fight battles that should have been long gone , but it is what it is . So Rush , I 'm not going anywhere . I wo n't back down . I wo n't surrender . And when racism rears its ugly head , I 'll be right there standing up for righteousness and to rid our world of this wretched evil . Got it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin	Roland Martin responded to racist reaction to Joel Ward 's game-winning NHL goal On his radio show , Limbaugh veered off one Martin tweet to a soliloquy about liberals and race Martin : Limbaugh did n't even bother to note what the issue was before ranting Racism is in America 's DNA , Martin says , and Condoleeza Rice , for one , agrees
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Palestinian Liberation Organization 's leadership reiterated its push for recognition as an independent state by the United Nations and condemning Israel 's latest proposal for new settlements on disputed territory , state-run media reported . Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas led the meeting in Ramallah on Thursday to discuss the official position , according to the official WAFA news agency . The U.N. Security Council 's admissions committee is set Friday to review the Palestinian application for statehood . Last week , the Middle East Quartet -- made up of the United States , the European Union , the United Nations and Russia -- called on Israel and the Palestinians to resume peace talks within a month and set the end of 2012 as the deadline for their completion . But no such direct talks have taken place . Abbas has said repeatedly that the Palestinians would not return to negotiations until Israel halted all settlement construction and accepted 1967 border lines as a basis for the return to talks . Israel has maintained that negotiations should begin with no preconditions . Besides calling for negotiation , the Quartet also called on both sides to "  to refrain from provocative actions " -- in part a veiled reference to Israeli settlement-building in land Israel occupied as a result of the 1967 Mideast War . This week , the Israeli Interior Ministry announced this week that a district planning committee had approved the construction of 1,100 homes in a southern Jerusalem neighborhood that was seized by Israel in 1967 . That decision will be open for public comment for the next 60 days , the ministry added . Yasser Abed Rabbo , secretary-general of the Palestinian Liberation Organization 's executive committee , read a statement after the meeting Thursday criticizing the Israeli move . Palestinians , who want the land Israel now occupies in East Jerusalem and the West Bank to be part of a future Palestinian state . A day earlier , Palestinian negotiator Mohammed Shtayyeh said the action suggests that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his government are not serious about making peace . "  He said at the United Nations he was giving his hand in peace , but actually , he is digging in the land to build more settlements , " Shtayyeh said . He further called Israel 's move "  a slap in the face of the Quartet and the whole international community , which is saying ` stop settlements . ' " In an interview with the daily Jerusalem Post , Netanyahu defended Israel 's right to build in Jerusalem . "  We plan in Jerusalem , we build in Jerusalem . Period . The same way Israeli governments have been doing for years . " The Israeli move drew international criticism , with British Foreign Secretary William Hague condemning it while U.S. officials expressed disappointment . "  Settlement expansion is illegal under international law , corrodes trust and undermines the basic principle of land for peace , " Hague said in a statement . "  We call on the government of Israel to revoke this decision . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said the United States was disappointed by Israel 's announcement , and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called it "  counterproductive to our efforts to resume direct negotiations between the parties . " As for possible U.S. government criticism of the move , Netanyahu declared that the Americans "  know this -- they have followed this a long time . There is really nothing new . " In the interview , Netanyahu also said Israel would not initiate another settlement freeze to get talks started again . "  We already gave at the office , " he said , referring to a 10-month freeze enacted by his government last year .	Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas leads the meeting in Ramallah In it , Palestinian leaders say they 'll push for statehood at U.N. They also condemn Israeli plans for settlements in a disputed area
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A man distraught because he could not find work shot and killed his mother-in-law , his wife and three sons and then killed himself inside a home in an upscale San Fernando Valley neighborhood , police said . Police say Karthik Rajaram left suicide notes taking responsibility for the murders of his family . Authorities said the man had an MBA in finance but appeared to have been unemployed for several months and had worked for major accounting firms , such as Price Waterhouse . The two-story rented home is in a gated community in Porter Ranch , about 20 miles northwest of Los Angeles . The shootings were discovered after 8:20 a.m. Monday , after a neighbor called police to report that the wife had failed to pick her up to take her to her job at a pharmacy , Deputy Chief of Police Michel Moore said . Ed Winter , assistant chief from the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office , identified the suspect as Karthik Rajaram , 45 . Winter said the victims included Rajaram 's mother-in-law , Indra Ramasesham , 69 , and his 19-year-old son Krishna Rajaram , a Fulbright Scholar and honor student at UCLA . Watch police remove body from home " Also dead were Rajaram 's wife , 39 , Subasari Rajaram , and their two other sons , 12 and 7 . Some of the victims had been shot more than once , and their identities were not immediately confirmed , he said . "  Due to the nature of their injuries , it 's been a little difficult , " Winter said , adding that there were no signs of a struggle . Police first found the mother-in-law shot in her bed in a downstairs bedroom , Moore said . Upstairs , the couple 's eldest son was shot in the master bedroom ; the wife in another bedroom with a gunshot wound to the head ; the two younger sons in the bedroom they shared , both shot in the head . The 12-year-old was on the floor and the 7-year-old in bed , Moore said . Watch more on what police had to say about tragedy " The suspect was also in that bedroom , a gun still in his hand . The killings are thought to have occurred after 6 p.m. Saturday , when the man was last reported seen , Moore said . Inside the house , police also found three letters , one to law enforcement acknowledging responsibility for the killings , a second to friends and relatives and a third that appears to be the suspect 's will , Moore said . "  He attests to some financial difficulties , and he takes responsibility for the taking of the lives of his family members and himself as a result of those financial difficulties , " Moore said . Neighbors , family and friends told police that the suspect , who had not worked for several months , had said in recent days he was having had extreme financial difficulties , Moore said . One of the letters , intended for friends and marked "  personal and confidential , " detailed his financial transactions that resulted in "  an unfortunate , downward spiral , " Moore said . "  His narrative is one of talking about this tragedy befalling him and his contemplation of an available exit or solution , " Moore said . "  One is taking his own life and the other is taking the lives of his family and himself . ... He talked himself into the second strategy , believing that was , in effect , the honorable thing to do . " Moore said the several-page narrative appeared to have been written over a period of time . "  This was something that was not a spur-of-the-moment type of event , " he said . Moore said it was clear to police that the family members were close and "  had an affection for each other . " He said the parents had given up their master bedroom to their eldest -- who was spending the weekend home from college -- "  out of respect . " "  This is a perfect American family behind me that has absolutely been destroyed , apparently because of a man who just got stuck in a rabbit hole , if you will , of absolute despair , somehow working his way into believing this to be an acceptable exit . " No neighbors reported having heard gunshots , and there was no sign of forced entry at the house , Moore said . Rajaram was involved in a financial holding company as part owner "  at least , " Moore said . There is no evidence he had had any history of mental difficulties , nor was there an indication he had sought counseling , Moore said . Neighbor Trish Harrison , who lives three houses from the crime scene , said the family had lived in the community for about a year , but kept to themselves and had little interaction with neighbors . The parents were from India , she said . The Los Angeles Unified School District was making arrangements for crisis counselors to visit the schools attended by the two younger sons . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	One of man 's three sons was Fulbright Scholar and honor student at UCLA Officer speaks of man "  who just got stuck in ... absolute despair " Father had MBA in finance but seemed to have been unemployed for months Police : Man left three letters , including one taking responsibility for shootings
Washington  CNN  -- Minerals Management Service Director Elizabeth Birnbaum has been fired , according to two CNN sources . A senior administration official has told CNN that an official announcement will be made during President Barack Obama 's news conference scheduled for Thursday afternoon . The decision to fire Birnbaum comes in the wake of a recently released report highlighting what many observers have characterized as widespread corruption at the Minerals Management Service  MMS  , which is part of the Interior Department . The period covered by the report was prior to the April explosion in the Gulf of Mexico that sank the oil rig Deepwater Horizon , resulting in a massive oil spill that well owner BP and federal authorities are still trying to cap . Among other things , the report , issued by the Interior Department 's inspector general , revealed that federal inspectors overseeing oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico accepted meals and tickets to sporting events from companies they monitored . In one case , an inspector in the MMS office in Lake Charles , Louisiana , conducted inspections of four offshore platforms while negotiating a job with the company , the report stated . The Lake Charles investigation was launched shortly after another scandal emerged from within the MMS . A September 2008 inspector general 's report found regulators in the agency 's Colorado office received improper gifts from energy industry representatives and engaged in illegal drug use and inappropriate sexual relations with them . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar recently called the allegations of MMS corruption "  evidence of the cozy relationship between some elements of -LSB- the agency -RSB- and the oil and gas industry . " He pledged to follow through with the Interior Department inspector general 's recommendations , "  including taking any and all appropriate personnel actions including termination , discipline and referrals of any wrongdoing for criminal prosecution . " Salazar insisted Thursday in testimony before a House subcommittee , however , that Birnbaum had resigned "  on her own terms and own volition . " She "  is a strong and very effective person who , among other things , helped us break through the very difficult things which we have a lot more work to do , " Salazar said . "  She helped us with addressing a very broken system . And all I can really -LSB- say -RSB- is that she is a good public servant . " MMS collected nearly $ 10 billion in royalties from the energy and mining industries in 2009 . Salazar recently announced that he was splitting up the agency to separate its energy development , enforcement and revenue collection divisions , saying they have "  conflicting missions " that needed to be separated . The associate director for the agency 's Offshore Minerals Management Program is leaving at the end of May , a month earlier than planned , in the wake of the Gulf spill . That official , Chris Oynes , launched the investigation that resulted in former New Orleans , Louisiana , supervisor Donald Howard 's firing in 2007 . Howard later pleaded guilty after being accused of failing to report gifts valued at more than $ 6,600 from an offshore drilling contractor . As part of the growing push to crack down on the MMS , Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida , introduced legislation Wednesday requiring federal oil industry regulators to wait at least two years after leaving government service before going to work for companies they helped regulate . Among other things , the bill would bar regulators from accepting gifts from oil companies . It also would require regulators to divest themselves of any stock they may currently hold in oil companies , and prohibit regulators from part-time employment in the industry .	MMS Service Director Elizabeth Birnbaum has been fired , sources say Interior Department report cited inappropriate relationship between inspectors , oil industry Interior Secretary Ken Salazar insists Birnbaum resigned and has done a good job Legislation has been introduced in part to help crack down on the MMS
CNN  -- Apple 's CEO Tim Cook says the company "  cares about every worker " in its factories and that "  no one in  the  industry is doing more to improve working conditions than Apple . " Of course , when it comes to issues of corporate responsibility , talk is cheap . What matters is not what Apple says , but what it does . And what Apple does in its vast global supply chain has been well-documented , which is why the company is in public relations overdrive , frantic to protect its once pristine corporate image . Consider the fate that befell workers at a factory in Chengdu , China , that makes products for Apple . In May , independent investigators issued a report documenting grave dangers to workers at the facility . They warned the factory was failing to control the profusion of dust produced by the manufacture of aluminum cases for the Ipad 2 . When a factory is suffused with aluminum dust , there is a high risk of explosion . Apple ignored the report and refused to meet with the authors , the investigators said . It did nothing to address the danger . Two weeks later , the factory exploded , killing four workers and injuring 18 . In the wake of the explosion , Apple said its suppliers took measures to control aluminum dust . But despite this , in December 2011 , another explosion , at an Apple supplier factory in Shanghai , injured 61 workers . Grievous labor rights problems at Apple 's supplier factories have been known for years , including the spate of worker suicides in 2010 at the giant plant in Shenzhen , China , known as "  Ipod City . " At this factory -- owned , like the Chengdu plant , by Apple 's biggest supplier , Foxconn -- more than a dozen workers took their own lives by throwing themselves from the roof of the factory 's overcrowded dormitories , in apparent protest of the brutal treatment facing workers at the facility .  Foxconn reportedly responded by putting up nets outside the dorms and making workers sign pledges not to kill themselves . In recent weeks , public awareness of these issues has increased exponentially , thanks to a huge jump in media interest , raising Apple 's public relations problems from a low simmer to a rolling boil . When a company comes under this kind of pressure , sometimes genuine change in policy can occur . The more typical response is a mere change in rhetoric . This is the route Apple is choosing . Apple 's major move has been to announce that it has joined an organization called the Fair Labor Association , which will "  audit " Apple 's factories . According to Apple , the Fair Labor Association is an independent watchdog that will work tenaciously to hold Apple and its suppliers accountable . Unfortunately , while there are some fine people at the association , the organization is not the independent watchdog Apple claims it to be . Indeed , most of its money -- millions of dollars per year -- comes from the very companies whose labor practices it is supposed to scrutinize . Although Apple has not disclosed its financial relationship with the Fair Labor Association , it is likely now the organization 's largest funder . Moreover , on the association 's board of directors sit executives of major corporations such as Nike , Adidas and agribusiness giant Syngenta . The job of these executives is to represent the interests of other member companies , such as Apple . Under the Fair Labor Association 's rules , the company representatives on the board exercise veto power over major decisions . Independence , as most people understand the term , means an organization is not funded and governed by the companies it is charged with investigating . Despite the financial relationship , Apple argues that the Fair Labor Association will act independently and that the association 's review of Apple 's factories will probably be "  the most detailed factory audit in the history of mass manufacturing . " Early indications are not encouraging . Just one day after launching what was supposed to be a long and uncompromising investigation of Foxconn 's Ipad plant in Shenzhen , the association was already issuing public praise of Foxconn and Apple . On Wednesday , CNNMoney/Fortune ran an article with the headline , "  Apple iPad plant is ` way , way above average , ' says inspector . " Fair Labor Association President Auret van Heerden said this about Foxconn to Reuters : "  The facilities are first-class . ... I was very surprised when I walked in the door how tranquil it is . ... " The CNNMoney/Fortune article notes that "  whether intended or not , van Heerden 's remarks served to support  Apple CEO  Cook 's contention that no one has done more than Apple to address the working conditions at factories . " Van Heerden reached these conclusions after a guided tour of the factory provided by Foxconn 's owner , Terry Gou . The views of Gou , one of the wealthiest men in Asia , are well-known to Foxconn workers because , as punishment for displeasing their managers , workers are sometimes forced to spend hours writing out copies of his personal sayings . Clearly , Apple 's partnership with the Fair Labor Association is not , in and of itself , going to usher in radical change . So what steps would Apple take if it were genuinely committed to improving its labor practices ? For starters , it would open its factories for inspection and worker trainings to genuinely independent groups such as Hong Kong-based SACOM , the organization whose report on the Chengdu factory could have saved the lives of the workers killed there in May , had Apple paid it heed . And if Apple genuinely "  cared about every worker , " it would pay every worker a living wage -- enough for workers to achieve a minimally decent standard of living , support their families and even save a bit toward a better future . Today , barely 1 % of the retail price of an Ipad goes to the workers who make it ; 33 % goes to Apple 's profits . Apple 's profits are so high , and its global labor costs so low , that it could triple the wages of its 700,000 manufacturing workers and help them achieve a living wage  just a few dollars an hour in China  , and still make $ 40 billion a year . A wage increase of 16 % to 25 % at Foxconn , announced today as Apple 's public relations blitz reaches a crescendo , does n't come close . Next time you are at the Apple Store , consider bellying up to the Genius Bar and asking why the most profitable company in the history of technology ca n't pay its workers a living wage and why , if Apple is really ready to open itself to independent scrutiny , it does n't allow inspections by organizations in which it is not a dues-paying member . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Scott Nova .	Scott Nova : Labor rights problems at Apple 's supplier factories an issue for years Apple joined an organization called the Fair Labor Association to audit its supply chain Nova : If Apple wants to improve labor practices , it should reach out to independent groups Nova : If Apple genuinely "  cared about every worker , " it would pay every worker a living wage
CNN  -- April 27 , 1994 , was the crowning moment in the life of Nelson Mandela -- the day South Africa held its first elections open to citizens of every race . His African National Congress party swept to power with 63 % of the vote . F.W. de Klerk 's National Party got 20 % and the Inkatha party netted 10 % . In his victory speech , Mandela said : "  Now is the time for celebration , for South Africans to join together to celebrate the birth of democracy . "  I raise a glass to you all for working so hard to achieve what can only be called a small miracle . " Many agreed it was a miracle -- from world leaders to ordinary South African voters -- considering the turmoil and segregation entrenched in South Africa just a few years before . Mandela 's compassion and political shrewdness helped bring about this change . But most of all , it was the complete lack of bitterness he displayed for the 27 years he was imprisoned by the apartheid regime that enabled him to win over his divided nation and charm the world with his statesmanship . Mandela and his government inherited a country devastated by decades of apartheid -- a policy of segregation and discrimination that aimed to keep black and white apart in every sphere of life -- as well as a black majority coming to terms with the fact that voting did not guarantee social and economic equality . He introduced housing , education and economic development initiatives designed to improve the living standards of blacks . He also made his mark on the international stage . During his five-year presidency , he received 73 heads of state or government and made 83 state visits outside the country . Mandela worked to broker peace in neighboring African nations , including Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo . He was involved in restoring order in Lesotho after its May 1998 elections triggered severe unrest , sending in South African troops who stabilized the situation and created a favorable climate for negotiations . Mandela led the call for sanctions against Nigeria following the 1995 execution of writer and activist Ken Saro Wiwa and a number of other political prisoners . And he played a leading role in resolving the impasse between the United States , the United Kingdom and Libya over securing the surrender of the two men charged in the Lockerbie bombing . But Mandela often cut a lonely figure on his travels as his marriage to wife Winnie foundered . They divorced in 1996 . He was to find love again , with Graca Machel , the widow of former Mozambique President Samora Machel . They married on his 80th birthday in 1998 . In September of that year , he was awarded at a ceremony in Washington the U.S. Congressional Gold Medal , becoming the first African to receive the honor . President Bill Clinton said Mandela was awarded the medal not only because of his "  10,000 long days " spent in prison but also for his "  shining example " as a political leader since his release . The last three years of Mandela 's presidency were largely in the role of elder statesman as he gradually handed over the day-to-day governing of the country to his deputy , Thabo Mbeki , who succeeded him in 1999 . In his speech at a farewell banquet , Mandela again referred to the miracle of South Africa . "  South Africans from every sector had reached out across the divisions of the centuries and averted a bloodbath which most observers believed inevitable , so much so that our smooth transition was hailed widely as a miracle , " he said . "  Our people have therefore confounded the prophets of doom . We are confident they will do it over and over again . "	Mandela helped bring about country 's first multiracial elections His presidency was remarkable for lack of bitterness He carried his goodwill on many state visits Congressional Gold Medal bestowed during Clinton presidency
CNN  -- McLaren may want a reunion with Fernando Alonso , but the Spaniard has no intention of leaving Ferrari . On a frantic Friday at the Singapore Grand Prix , McLaren chief Martin Whitmarsh announced he wanted to bring Alonso back to the team he drove for during the 2007 season . When asked directly if he wanted to recruit Alonso , Whitmarsh responded : "  Yes - any team would . He 's the best driver . " "  I do n't know his contractual situation . I assume he 's under contract . " But any hopes McLaren had of luring Alonso back were quickly quashed , with the two-time world champion declaring he saw his long-term future with Ferrari . "  I keep repeating every weekend -- and I do n't know why I have to keep repeating -- I love Ferrari and I will stay in Ferrari until the end , " the 32-year-old told Sky Sports News . "  It is nice to have the comments from the other team principals every year saying they respect my job and my professionalism -- especially McLaren as there were so many rumors that we had a lot of problems that year . "  But I always say that I had no problems with anyone , it was just the philosophy of the team or rather one man in the team that is no longer there . Interactive : Singapore set to light up F1 "  It is good to have these comments , but I have no intention  to leave  . I have three more years with Ferrari and I hope many more to come if we can extend the contract and that will be my hope . " Two-time world champion Alonso has been with Ferrari since 2010 , but his position as the team 's undisputed No. 1 driver has been called into question following the announcement Finn Kimi Raikkonen will race for the Italian manufacturer in 2014 . Alonso was also given a dressing down by Ferrari chairman Luca di Montezemolo for appearing to criticize the team 's car earlier in the season . McLaren 's current drivers are Mexican Sergio Perez given that Jenson Button Alonso 's solitary season with McLaren was a turbulent one , with in-fighting damaging team unity as both the Spaniard and rookie driver Lewis Hamilton challenged for the world championship . The 2007 title instead went to Raikkonen , who was racing for Ferrari , by one point . Raikkonen 's return to Ferrari on a two-year deal was confirmed last week , with the current Lotus driver replacing outgoing Brazilian Felipe Massa . Alonso is desperate to win a world title with F1 's most successful team , but has been thwarted by Red Bull 's triple world champion Sebastian Vettel and a car which has at times been uncompetitive . Alonso sits second in the drivers ' standings , 53 points behind current leader Vettel after 12 races of the 2014 season .	McLaren want to resign former driver Fernando Alonso But the Spaniard has no intention of leaving current team Ferrari Ferrari announced the signing of Kimi Raikkonen last week Raikkonen won the world championship with Ferrari in 2007
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- BP has put off crucial "  integrity tests " on the new stacking cap on its ruptured Gulf oil well so it can review testing procedures , a review expected to take place through the night and into Wednesday . The oil giant had expected the tests -- to check pressure in the well and determine if it can be sealed once and for all -- to get under way Tuesday afternoon . But late Tuesday night , BP announced that additional analysis of the well testing procedure was needed . The move following a meeting with Energy Secretary Steven Chu and his team of advisers . A source informed about BP operations told CNN 's John King that , "  There were some potential complications that might cause a delay -- some bad , some in the better to be safe than sorry category . " It had been hoped that the integrity tests would show whether an end is in sight to the environmental disaster that has been unfolding for the last 12 weeks . But throughout the evening , cameras some 5,000 feet below the surface showed oil gushing from the well 's capping stack , indicating that valves had not been closed to begin the pressure tests . The massive custom-designed cap , which has a better seal than the last cap placed on the well , is some 30 feet high and weighs 160,000 pounds . It 's hoped that it might seal the well completely . But if it 's unable to contain all the oil , some could be diverted through riser pipes to ships on the surface . Under a worst-case scenario , however , tests might show there 's more damage to the well 's casing , meaning that capping the well would not stop the oil from flowing . Retired Adm. Thad Allen , who is leading the federal response to the oil disaster , says the well cap placement is part a "  very complex , nuanced and broad-based response " to the rupture of the underwater well in April , an accident that killed 11 oil workers and caused worst environmental disaster in U.S. history . When they do take place , the integrity tests will measure pressure inside the well and will last anywhere from six to 48 hours . They will involve incrementally closing three valves on the new cap , a process that would allow BP to do its pressure measurements . Higher pressure readings would mean the leak is being stopped , while lower pressure indications would mean oil is escaping from other parts of the well . "  In this exercise , high pressure is good , " Allen said . "  We are looking for somewhere between eight and nine thousand psi  pounds per square inch  inside the capping stack , which would indicate to us that the hydrocarbons are being forced up and the well bore 's being able to withstand that pressure . " Allen was asked what he thought the odds were to the success of being able to shut the well with the new cap . "  I think we are very confident we can take control of this hydrocarbon stream and then slowly close all these valves and stop the emission of hydrocarbons . What we ca n't tell is the current condition of the well bore below the sea floor and the implication of the pressure readings , " he said . "  That is in fact why we 're doing a well integrity test . " The latest containment cap , while seeming to offer the best odds of success , was n't ready earlier . In addition , BP has learned from previous , unsuccessful containment efforts , CNN 's Ed Lavandera reported on "  The Situation Room . " Allen said that if low pressure readings persist for around a six-hour time frame , that could signal problems with the new cap If it 's determined that the cap ca n't seal the well completely , and some crude must be sent to the surface , the oil-gathering ship , the Helix Producer , in now in place . On Monday it joined the Q4000 , which was already active . And more vessels are planned . Allen said a four-vessel system that could recover 80,000 barrels a day could be ready by the end of the month . Meanwhile , in another development Tuesday , the Obama administration sent BP and other responsible parties a fourth bill relating to the oil spill . The new bill is for $ 99.7 million . It comes on top of a total of $ 122.3 million in the first three bills . The government says the parties are responsible for all costs associated with the spill , including stopping the leak , protecting the shoreline and long-term recovery efforts . The money will help replenish a $ 1.5 billion federal trust fund established to pay for damages associated with oil spills . Among those costs is skimming oil on the surface of the Gulf . Allen said authorities are on pace to have around 1,000 skimmers available by the end of the month . At this point , there are fewer than 600 . Work also has been continuing on the ultimate solution to fixing the problem , drilling two relief wells . But BP does n't expect the first relief well work to be completed until August . Scientists estimate that 35,000 to 60,000 barrels of oil have spewed daily from BP 's breached well and Allen cautions that even if the engineering containment efforts work , there is still a lot to be done in a disaster that has affected the environment and the livelihoods of people from Louisiana to Florida . "  There 's still a significant amount of oil out there , and the oil recovery and the impacts of this oil will probably extend well into the fall in terms of oil coming ashore , tar balls , beach cleanup , and then we will be moving of course at that point of the natural resources damage assessment trying to understand the long-term environmental ecological impact of the event , " Allen said . And the presidential commission tasked with investigating the Gulf oil gusher and making recommendations about the future of offshore drilling continued its public meetings Tuesday . The National Oil Spill Commission has six months to determine what happened when the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded April 20 -- and how to prevent something similar from ever happening again . A new moratorium on deepwater drilling issued by the U.S. Interior Department Monday has already played a prominent role in the hearings . CNN 's Campbell Brown contributed to this report .	NEW : BP puts off crucial "  integrity " tests to check effectiveness of new containment cap NEW : Testing procedures are being reviewed , a process expected to go through the night NEW : Move follows meeting with Energy Secretary Chu Thad Allen ca n't put odds on success of the new cap
CNN  -- Some of my most memorable travels have been abroad . But I can forgo the passport , lack of Wi-Fi , wading through customs and calculating currency exchanges and still experience all my favorite international elements right here in one city : Portland , Oregon . With Portland around , there are few reasons to leave the continental United States for a worldly experience . Portland has a wine region that , according to Departures magazine , is reminiscent of the South of France . The brewery scene proudly earns the title "  beer capital of the world " and the nickname "  Munich on the Willamette . " And if you 're in the mood to travel to the Far East , there 's the Lan Su Chinese Garden , an authentically built Ming Dynasty-style garden . For the more domestically minded , there is terrific , tax-free shopping in the Pearl District and along North Mississippi Avenue . The Pearl District is known for cutting-edge art galleries , designer boutiques and Powell 's Books , the largest independent used and new bookstore in the world . On North Mississippi Avenue , you can find independent boutiques and a variety of welcoming , low-key yet scrumptious restaurants and bars . Speaking of restaurants , to talk about Portland and not mention the food would be a travesty . My top three culinary takeaways from the city : 1 . Veggie variety : A foodie 's nirvana , Portland restaurants offer outstanding farm-to-table dining options , and I personally reveled in the volume of vegetarian fare on Portland menus . 2 . Voodoo Doughnut : "  Where the magic is in the hole ! " Voodoo Doughnut is a little slice of heaven on Earth , at least for those of us who never outgrew breakfast cereal and lunch pail food and still fantasize about having sizable helpings of it heaped upon our baked goods . 3 . Farmers Market : Be sure to check out the amazing Portland Farmers Market at Portland State University . I ca n't think of a better way to start a Saturday than an outdoor market filled with fresh-brewed , caffeinated beverages , delicious fruits and nuts and aromatic baked goods . And since no dining experience would be complete without liquid pleasures , it 's worth mentioning that many restaurants employ top mixologists to hand-craft cocktails with seasonal fresh ingredients and house-infused spirits . The proverbial icing on the cake is that , while Portland makes it easy to indulge , it also makes it easy to do so without guilt . The city is active and facilitates walking , jogging and biking , providing a plethora of areas and paths to do so . My favorites are those along the Willamette River . Plus , there 's endless potential for more adventurous outdoor activities , given the proximity of Mount Hood , the aforementioned Willamette River and the Pacific Coast .  You can only imagine my delight at spotting the rock from "  The Goonies " along the coastline ! If you 're more of a city person , you can use public transit to get around town . Portland has dedicated bus lanes in the clean downtown area , which stays immaculate partially as a function of the "  waste cans " that not only accommodate trash , but recyclable disposables . It 's the most charming of places , and when you visit , you 'll think you 've died and gone to , well , Portland .	As part of our Destination USA series , we pit rival cities and let you vote on which is best It 's the battle of the Pacific Northwest : Seattle vs. Portland CNN 's Christina Blaisdell says Portland is an international delight right here at home Show us why you think Seattle or Portland is better on CNN iReport
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A man arrested at Sandra Bullock 's Los Angeles home allegedly was inside for more than an hour before police were called early Sunday . Joshua James Corbett , 39 , also owned an illegal machine gun , although he did not have it with him when he allegedly broke into the actress 's home , a Los Angeles prosecutor said Tuesday . Corbett , from Montrose , California , was charged Tuesday with felony counts of residential burglary , stalking and possession of a machine gun , according to Deputy District Attorney Wendy Segall . Corbett entered a not guilty plea during a brief court appearance Tuesday afternoon . The judge set his bond at $ 185,000 . Corbett allegedly climbed a chain-link fence topped with barbed wire to enter Bullock 's West Los Angeles property and enter her home at about 5 a.m. Sunday , according to Segall . Bullock was home at the time , but police have not said whether her young son also was there . Los Angeles police said they were not called to the home until 6:30 a.m. , suggesting that the alleged burglar was inside for more than an hour while the actress slept . LAPD officers responding to a "  hot prowler " call found Corbett outside of the house , but on the property , according to a police spokeswoman . The prosecutor would not give details about where investigators found the machine gun , saying only Corbett "  was not in possession of the machine gun at the time of the break-in . " No other information about Corbett has been released , although CNN confirmed through FAA records that he has a private pilot 's license . CNN has been unable to identify a lawyer for Corbett . The charges carry a potential maximum seven years and four months in prison , if the suspect is convicted , Segall said . Bullock , who also has a home in Texas , was in Los Angeles over the weekend to receive the "  Decade of Hotness Award " at the Guys Choice Awards . Her representatives did not respond to CNN requests for comment .	NEW : Joshua Corbett pleads not guilty , bond set at $ 185,000 Suspect allegedly spent over an hour in Bullock 's house while she slept Corbett is charged with burglary , stalking and owning an illegal machine gun DA : Corbett did not have a machine gun with him when arrested at Bullock 's home
CNN  -- The Communist Party leaders inside the Zhongnanhai compound in Beijing may have found solace in the Obama-Romney debates : Though China was mentioned 53 times , both presidential candidates avoided harsh rhetoric toward China . Despite Romney 's repeated avowal to label China a "  currency manipulator " and Obama 's branding of China as "  an adversary , " both sounded moderate and called China a partner , which leaves the door open for building a good working relationship with China 's new leaders . The candidates traded jabs on how they would deal with the trade and currency issue but skipped other major controversial topics such as human rights , Tibet and censorship . To Beijing 's relief and to American conservatives ' disappointment , the highly anticipated "  China bashing " was absent from the debates . Also missing was the big picture -- America 's relative decline , China 's rapid rise and the ensuing power restructuring in the global system . Is the United States ready to cope with an increasingly powerful , confident and yet non-democratic China ? The real issue is not whether China is a currency manipulator or not -- after all , the yuan has appreciated more than 11 % since 2010 and more than 30 % since 2005 . Obama 's and Romney 's narrow focus on trade and currency when mentioning China , which is understandable due to America 's lackluster recovery , and their dodging of other major problems between the two countries may be misinforming Americans who , as a result , do not fully understand the nature of this complex relationship . This is a multifaceted relationship , strong but difficult at times . The biggest challenge the two countries face is the power transition between them , as China continues to gallop ahead and is expected to surpass the United States as the largest economy within a decade . Both countries are struggling to deal with the new power structure in the international system . In fact , China is rising so rapidly that it has difficulty adjusting to its newfound power and sometimes behaves clumsily in international affairs as evidenced in China 's perceived forcefulness in the recent Diaoyu/Senkaku dispute and South China Sea controversy . U.S. politicians are used to speaking from a position of dominance . Both Obama and Romney claimed they would push China to "  play by the rules . " Such a condescending approach will not work with today 's more assertive and nationalistic China . The United States must play by the rules first . For example , Huawei was recently singled out by Congress as a company threatening U.S. national interests and was essentially declared unwelcome in the U.S. . The telecoms giant has businesses globally , including a recent  # 1.3 bn investment in the United Kingdom which would create 500 jobs . In September , Obama issued a rare presidential order instructing Ralls Corp. , whose owners are Chinese , to divest itself of four Oregon wind farm projects near a military base , citing a national security threat . But firms operated by other foreign owners in the same area are apparently conducting business as usual . Where is the level playing field ? The United States still maintains some Tiananmen-era sanctions against China , including the ban on exports of high-tech equipment and products to China . One wonders how the United States can narrow its trade deficit with China , if it only sells apples and oranges to China ? Is China friend or foe ? This often-asked question misses the central point that the United States and China are so interdependent that they no longer have the luxury to make such a choice . The two countries are separated by huge gaps in political systems and cultural values , which can be a major cause of conflict . The two governments still deeply distrust each other . Since the Obama administration 's implementation of its "  strategic rebalancing " toward Asia in 2010 , the U.S. government has failed to convince China and many other countries in Asia that its purpose is not to counter China 's growing power . America 's deployment of more forces in the Asia-Pacific region and beefing up its alliances with China 's neighbors smack of a policy of encircling China . Of course containment will not work in this day and age , and Asian countries do not want to be drawn into a great power conflict . It has become politically incorrect to say anything good about China during America 's elections . Candidates tend to compete over who is tougher on China . It has become an accepted norm to blame China for America 's domestic woes . Such practices may help a candidate to win an election , but they are very harmful to U.S.-China relations in the long term . The United States is at the risk of creating a resentful China during the Asian power 's transition to a more diverse and open society . Nothing is wrong with focusing on economic issues now , but Americans should never lose sight of the big picture . As a global leader , the United States has the moral responsibility to help promote democracy , human rights and rule of law in the world . With China in transition , the United States has a great opportunity to help shape the future of a nation with which it will be politically and economically intertwined for generations to come .	Obama and Romney mentioned China 53 times in the U.S. presidential debates Their discussions of China missed the big picture : China 's rapid rise Biggest challenge is the power transition as China gallops ahead , writes Zhiqun Zhu
CNN  -- Facebook and Google are battling it out to dominate your smartphone time and , for now , Facebook is winning . According to the latest stats from comScore , Facebook was the most popular mobile app in the United States in 2012 . The Google Maps app held the top position until October , when Apple rolled out its latest mobile operating system , iOS 6 , and replaced the built-in Google Maps app with its own , less accurate version . Of course , Facebook also had a hand in its own success . Its number of monthly unique visitors rose steadily over the course of the year . In August , the company rolled out a long overdue revamp of its iOS mobile app for iPhone and iPads , significantly speeding up the launch , scroll and browsing times . User reviews in Apple 's App Store shot up as a result , and in December the company followed up with a better version of its Android app . Review : Facebook 's Graph Search is promising but incomplete Facebook started 2012 facing criticisms of its mobile strategy , and while there are still lingering questions about how it will make money off of mobile , these stats show its adept at transferring the Facebook experience to tablets and smartphones . People are n't just opening their Facebook app the most , they 're spending astonishingly large chunks of time in the app , poking around and reading up on their friends . The social network 's app was the single largest , single app time suck , accounting for 23 % of the time people spend using mobile apps , according to comScore . Instagram was a distant second accounting for just 3 % of the time people spend in apps . Google 's app with the most engagement was Gmail , but in total 10 % of users ' time was spent across various Google apps . The more interesting story in the coming year might be Google 's rise to dominate all mobile platforms , not just its own Android operating system . Facebook may have the No. 1 spot locked up , but Google apps account for the next five most popular apps . After Maps , Google Play , Google Search , Gmail and YouTube were the top apps on Android and iOS devices in December . Google only re-released an iOS version of its Maps app in December , which could continue to fight back and possibly overtake Facebook in 2013 . Apple 's only app on the list is iTunes , coming in at 8th place . Rounding out the top 10 list are Pandora Radio , Cooliris and Yahoo! Messenger . How Facebook 's Graph Search could disrupt online dating	Facebook had the most popular mobile app for Android and iOS combined in 2012 Google Maps was in second place followed by five other Google apps Facebook had highest levels of engagement , with 23 % of app time spent in the app
CNET  -- Investigators for the Department of Justice began asking questions about Apple 's business practices involving digital music at least three weeks ago , multiple music industry sources told CNET . DOJ investigators have interviewed numerous executives at record companies and digital music stores and according to those with knowledge of the discussions , it is clear that investigators are interested in learning whether Apple has employed anticompetitive tactics . The sources said that the department 's inquiry is just in a fact-finding stage and that there is nothing to indicate investigators have found any wrongdoing or would file a complaint against Apple . Representatives from Apple and the Justice Department did not respond to interview requests . This is what we know about the investigation so far .  DOJ investigators have interviewed executives from the four major music labels and several digital music retailers about how Apple wields its iTunes influence .  Part of what investigators are interested in is whether Apple used its market dominance to discourage two of the top record companies from participating in a special Amazon music promotion called the "  MP3 Daily Deal . "  Apple has a history of throwing its weight around the music sector . Apple 's iTunes accounts for 70 percent of all digital song sales and wields huge power . Apple has often used that clout to dictate terms to suppliers -- that is , the major labels . Here are just a few examples : The major labels wanted variable pricing on songs and albums and for years Apple resisted . In 2005 , Apple CEO Steve Jobs said the top recording companies were "  getting greedy "  after music execs considered a music price hike . Last year , Apple finally gave the labels some additional control over song pricing . The big record companies wanted the ability to sell albums that were unbundled , meaning they wanted Apple to sell hot LPs as a full package and refrain from selling individual songs from these works . Again , on this issue Apple has n't given much ground . To iTunes ' fans , Apple was a freedom fighter . The perception was that Apple was standing up for consumers . Apple 's refusal to force customers to buy full albums saved them from having to shell out money for songs they did n't want . To them , Apple 's reluctance to raise the 99 cent song price was another way the company kept music costs down . And the government never made a peep about these practices . Deal or no deal ? But what may not seem as consumer-friendly is the accusation that Apple tried to squash a competitor 's effort to offer discounted music . Amazon 's "  MP3 Daily Deal , " is a promotion that involves slashing prices on specific music titles and pushing them heavily on the day of their release . Amazon sometimes negotiated to get exclusive access to the music for a period of time , and the labels and their artists would often support the Daily Deal by promoting it on their Web sites . Apple managers informed the labels that any music included in Amazon 's promotion would receive no promotion at iTunes , music industry sources told CNET in April . In one case , Apple complained to Sony Music Entertainment after seeing material from Alicia Keys touted as part of the Daily Deal . In March , Ed Christman , from Billboard magazine , broke the news about Apple 's attempts to make the labels "  rethink " their support for the Daily Deal . He wrote that Apple contacted EMI executives with similar gripes about such albums as Corinne Bailey Rae 's "  The Sea , " Lady Antebellum 's "  Need You Now , " and Ke $ ha 's "  Animal . " When it comes to tracing iTunes ' potential DOJ troubles , one has to start with Apple 's success . During the last decade , with its iPod digital music players and iTunes music store , the company completely remade the way people across the globe listen to , store , and buy music . Apple 's iTunes store accounted for 28 percent of all music purchased by U.S. consumers in the first quarter of this year , research firm NPD Group said Wednesday . Two years ago during the same period , iTunes ' market share was 19 percent . Companies that dominate a market as much as Apple rules digital music often are accused of anti-trust violations . When companies are up against similar-sized competitors , then aggressive tactics are seen as just good business . But the same practices from players holding hefty market share can raise eyebrows in a hurry . One other thing . During the same period that Apple saw double-digit growth , Amazon also was grabbing greater market share in digital music . Amazon 's share grew from 6.8 percent in the first half of 2008 to 11.8 percent in the first quarter of 2010 . What DOJ investigators must be asking now is how much did the "  Daily Deal " help propel that growth and did any of Apple 's actions slow it down ?  2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Department . of Justice is asking questions about Apple 's business practices Investigators want to know whether Apple has employed anticompetitive tactics Apple 's iTunes accounts for 70 percent of all digital song sales
WIRED  -- Facebook unleashed a new commenting system last week that promises to help online publications clean up their commenting cesspools , while simultaneously extending Facebook 's tentacles further into the web outside its walls . Unfortunately for those with visions of a non-Facebook dominated web , this initiative has the potential to dramatically expand the ginormous social network 's already imperial reach . The new system lets website owners replace their current commenting system with Facebook 's simply by dropping in a few lines of Javascript . Then , commenters have to sign in using either their Facebook or Yahoo IDs , an attempt to ensure a commenter is a real person . Commenters can opt to have their comment posted as an update , along with a link to the original story , which spreads the story link inside Facebook 's walls . This offers publishers a number of benefits . They get more links to their site from inside the net 's most popular website . A lot of people are "  registered " to comment on their sites . And , they have a system designed to discourage vitriol because it 's easy for the site owner to ban a user and tough for a user to create a new identity . For Facebook , the benefit is also clear . Users now have even more incentive to be constantly logged into Facebook  those who are already logged into Facebook do n't have to do anything to comment on a website using its system  . Additionally , even more of Facebook 's users ' net activities flow through its site , since by default comments -- and replies to them -- post to a Facebook user 's wall . That deepens users ' ties to Facebook , adds more content to Facebook , and gives people more reason to check their Facebook newsfeed for the increased information flow . It also builds on what 's becoming Facebook 's most important function : being the identity provider and validator for the wider net . The system opens the door for what 's likely inevitable : having news sites rely on Facebook to identify its users and eventually to serve ads to its readers based on their individual Facebook pages . The Facebook system competes most directly with Disqus  a system Wired.com has just starting using  , which also creates a single , central profile used to comment on any site that uses the system . Facebook offers its plug-in for free , while Disqus commenting requires premium accounts for the features a large site needs to have . The immediate drawbacks of Facebook 's commenting system match the larger issues of the social networking site . There 's no way to export the comments if a publication decides to drop the system -- just as Facebook jealously holds onto the e-mail addresses of the people you are connected to on Facebook so you ca n't re-establish your network on some other site . Facebook will likely create some sort of export system , if only to assuage potential publications , though given Facebook 's history with exporting , it will likely be bare bones and not particularly useful in practice . Facebook 's entry into this arena presents sites with three choices -- none particularly ideal . The first is to gamble that your site is important enough to your readers that you can get away with requiring them to have a specific login for your site , and that you have the technical resources to build that out . But even if you do n't use Facebook Connect , the movement seems to be away from a collection of site profiles and passwords and toward a single one that gives you entry to your collection , be it from Google , Yahoo , OpenID or others . The second option is to go with a service like Disqus and pay that company annually to uphold the belief that there should be multiple identity providers on the net and hope they have enough staying power and stickiness to appeal to your readers . Or , you can go with Facebook , tacitly acknowledging that the world 's largest social network has won the identity wars and getting in on the spoils without paying an annual fee and agreeing to be an occupied outpost in Facebook 's empire . Online publications are desperate for a commenting system that encourages civility , and too many , including Disqus , veer closer to the land of YouTube comments than to the ideal of comments on sites like MetaFilter and Hacker News . Sites that can afford to do so will likely continue to have their own login systems , if only so that they can collect e-mail addresses , which are still considered incredibly important for marketing and for "  owning " a customer . But doing so leaves a site open to the bad PR of being hacked  like Gawker Media  and without work by either the site or the software maker they use to publish , they will fall behind on the benefits of a social web . Facebook is clearly gaining more of a presence around the web with its ubiquitous Like buttons and its easy-to-use login system for sites , including its often-creepy automated login system on sites like Yelp and Pandora . And with its comment system , it gains even more ground . It 's yet one more promising avenue for Facebook to encourage users to be constantly logged into Facebook , and lays more track for Facebook to become not only the net 's identity provider , but also its largest referrer of traffic and its biggest provider of ads . Is it any wonder then that investors keep pushing Facebook 's valuation higher and higher ? How much would you pay for an empire that encompasses nearly the entire web ? Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Facebook unleashes new commenting system that promises to clean up cesspools System simultaneously extends Facebook 's tentacles further into the web Facebook system competes most directly with Disqus
Dhaka  CNN  -- Bangladesh has smashed a record set by Pakistan last year by forming the world 's largest human flag , Guinness World Records has confirmed . Tens of thousands of Bangladeshi students and armed forces held up red and green colored placards in Dhaka 's National Parade Ground last month to create the huge Bangladeshi national symbol . The formation broke a record set in October 2012 , in Pakistan , when 24,000 people assembled a flag in the city of Lahore . On December 16 , a total of 27,117 people held the flag together for at least five minutes , following instructions provided by Guinness World Records . "  This is the first time our nation is breaking a record like this with Pakistan , " said Akhika Akhtar , a 17-year-old student who heard about the event from her professors . The date was chosen to celebrate Bangladesh 's Victory Day , according to an event organizer , Toffael Rashid . Victory Day commemorates the day Bangladesh officially gained independence from Pakistan on December 16 , 1971 , after a nine-month war that left between 1 million and 3 million people dead . An accounting firm oversaw the record-breaking attempt and submitted materials to Guinness World Records , which verified the record .	Bangladesh sets new record for world 's largest flag More than 27,000 students and members of the army held placards Organizers attempted the record on Bangladesh 's Victory Day
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Spanish police Tuesday arrested two Moroccan men suspected of having links to Islamic terrorism , Spain 's Ministry of Interior said , including one man wanted in connection with attacks in Casablanca in 2003 . Mohamed El Bay is thought to have been trying to buy weapons and explosives . The arrests were made in Melilla , a Spanish enclave of about 68,000 people on Morocco 's Mediterranean coast , with Spanish Civil Guards acting on international arrests warrants issued by Morocco , the ministry said in a written statement . Moroccan authorities have linked one of the suspects , Ali Aarass , to the Casablanca bombings in May 2003 that killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bombers . He is suspected of Islamic extremist activities during the past 16 years , the Spanish statement said . The other man , Mohamed El Bay , is wanted for alleged involvement with a terrorist network that Moroccan police broke up last February , when they arrested 30 people suspected of plotting attacks against Moroccan government targets , it said . Moroccan police seized numerous weapons in the February raids and later contacted European police for help in locating other suspects in the group . Morocco authorities believe El Bay may have been in charge of contacting Central European arms smugglers to get weapons and explosives for the alleged plot in Morocco , the Spanish statement said . Spanish police searched the homes of both suspects in Melilla and seized documentation , it said . Spain has arrested more than 300 suspected Islamic extremists since the Madrid train bombings of 2004 that killed 191 people , although not all of the suspects remain in jail . E-mail to a friend	Two men arrested in Spanish enclave of Melilla , near Morocco One accused of involvement in bombing that killed 33 in Casablanca The other is believed to have been trying to buy arms Arrest warrants were issued after Morocco broke up terror network last February
Ibrahim Abdel-Wahab Abdel-Azeem is one of the last traditional craftsmen in Egypt making the oud , the guitar-like instrument heard in so much Arabic music . He is one of only six or seven oud makers still working in the historic Mohamed Ali Street in Cairo . It takes him a week to make one oud for sale , molding it from thin layers of wood that are joined together without using nails . "  We bring big chunks of wood and then we cut it into thin layers , " said Abdel-Azeem . "  First we put those layers on the hot iron . Later we bend it . When it comes out we glue it together because the Oud does n't not have any nails . " Abdel-Azeem , 62 , inherited his art from his father and started out in his workshop while he was still at school . "  The profession is originally Egyptian and moved to Syria and Turkey , but my father brought it back to Egypt , " said Abdel-Azeem . Abdel-Azeem was only 14 when his father died and he took over his workshop . It is not just a job to him , but a way of life . "  Oud is the Sultan of music and songs , " said Abdel-Azeem . "  Without oud there 's no music . It 's the base to any other instrument . "  Making an oud requires artistic talent . It 's not only a trade because when the oud is not made properly or the sound coming out of it is not right we become emotionally depressed . " See also : Egyptian student sends spiders in to space But he worries that the trade will die out . "  The only people left making ouds are only six or seven people in the country . No one is interested in learning it anymore . "  If it continues this way this profession will die . Other instruments took over . We used to take oud classes in school . They do n't teach oud anymore except in colleges of music . " Another man working hard to keep the tradition of the oud alive is Naseer Shamma , one of the most famous musicians in the Middle East . Shamma , 47 , is a composer , performer , poet and now a teacher . He left his native Iraq during Saddam Hussein 's rule and moved to Cairo where he now runs a "  House of Oud " music school with branches in Egypt , Algeria and the United Arab Emirates . "  I think if anybody needs to change the life around him he needs to do something really in education , " said Shamma . "  For example , not just composition or just concerts ; we need another line to continue with the new generation for that this is my project for all my life . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Gaza music students find smart ways around travel ban Among his students is Ahmed Al-Sheikh , an 11-year-old Syrian boy who has just passed his final exams at Shamma 's House of Oud school in Abu Dhabi . "  My dream is to be a big artist , " said Ahmed . "  When I close my eyes , I dream of being on stage and hearing people applaud for my music . " It is teaching children like Ahmed that keeps Shamma believing in his work . "  I need to change the life in Arab world , but if we need to change we need to start with the boys , with the small girls , with the culture in the beginning , " he said . Together , they are ensuring this centuries-old tradition will be passed on to generations to come . Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer @SchamsCNN and writer Catriona Davies @catrionadavies	The guitar-like oud is used widely in Middle Eastern music Only a handful of traditional oud makers still work in Cairo Performer and composer Naseer Shamma runs oud music schools in three countries
CNN  -- How big is the financial hole ? This is the main question among Spaniards nowadays . They want to know how much money Bankia , the country 's fourth-largest bank , needs . Bankia was created in 2010 , a result of the merger of seven small entities including Caja Madrid and Bancaja . Such cajas -- regional savings banks with board members appointed by the local authorities -- devoted part of their profits to social purposes within their areas . They fell into enormous debt due to their investments in infrastructure , and thousands of houses which were never sold . Bankia was a proposal of the ruling Popular Party  PP , conservatives  . The idea was to merge the saving banks and give an executive role to Rodrigo Rato , the former managing director of the International Monetary Fund and first chairman of Bankia . Before these posts , Rato was Minister of the Economy and Treasury in the first and second cabinet of Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar , who led the country between 1996 and 2004 . Rato was idolized in the conservative media , and credited with the previous cycle of economic growth . All was running smoothly until May , when the current Minister of Economy , Luis de Guindos , forced Rato to resign as Bankia president while the CNMV  the Spanish agency for financial markets  suspended the stock exchange of Bankia when its price slumped to half its original value . Now , as Bankia sucks up financial aid , Spaniards wait to hear news of cuts to their welfare state . Every Friday could be a Black Friday , because it 's always Friday in Spain when cuts and bad news arrives at the cabinet meeting . The government recently approved a    10 billion euro  $ 12 billion  cut in education and health programs , and will most likely announce it will spend    23 billion  $ 28 billion  to rescue Bankia . So what do the people think ? According to the CIS , the public agency for surveys , Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has gone from a rate of approval of 45 % in January to 38 % in May -- a significant drop considering he won the elections with an absolute majority only six months ago . People , especially youth  for whom unemployment rates are above 51 %  , find it difficult to understand there is no money for healthcare or universities , but enough to go around when it comes to rescue banks or pay severance packages to bankers who have ruined their companies . Up to now , no one has resigned empty handed . But not everything is bad news for the government and its party . Their main competitor , the Socialist Party  PSOE , center-left  , trails in the polls . Although it has won two regional elections this Spring  Andalusia and Asturias  , its leader Alfredo P. Rubalcaba generated "  little " or "  no " confidence among 78.8 % of the Spaniards , according to the latest survey carried out by the CIS . So what happens now ? All the parties in opposition have asked the government to open an inquiry into the Bankia case . It is difficult to justify the billions in cost without knowing exactly what happened . Meanwhile , summer is on the way . In Spain , this is the time when political life is paralyzed and tourism boosts job prospects , especially in the coastal towns . Demonstrations , strikes and protests will probably be forgotten until September . While transport prices and university fees rise , and the government increases taxes and lowers pensions , people prefer to stay at home and support La Roja  Spanish national soccer team  and wait until it is cooler to take the streets . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julio Embid .	Julio Embid : Spaniards want to know how much money Bankia needs As Bankia sucks up financial aid Spaniards wait to hear news of welfare state cuts People find it confusing that there is no money for healthcare , but enough to rescue banks People will probably wait until summer is over to resume protests and strikes
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- The California Supreme Court has cleared the way for Californians to vote in November on whether to ban same-sex marriages in the state . A gay couple is married in California in June . Voters could void same-sex marriages in the state in November . The court on Wednesday denied a petition to remove the initiative from the state 's general election ballots . The unanimous decision was handed down without elaboration . Hundreds of marriage licenses have been issued to same-sex couples since mid-June , a month after the court overturned the state 's laws against such unions . However , on June 2 , opponents of same-sex marriage filed for a ballot initiative that would ban such marriages in the state 's constitution . Such a ban would overturn the court 's May ruling . Equality California , a Sacramento-based activist group , filed a petition against the initiative -- Proposition 8 -- arguing that it involves a constitutional revision that ca n't be adopted through a ballot vote . The group also contended that petitions circulated to qualify the proposition for the ballot contained material that misled readers about the measure 's effects . Jennifer Kerns , a spokeswoman for the proposition , called Wednesday 's decision "  a huge victory . " "  We believe it deals a strong blow to our opponents and sends a strong message that they wo n't be able to keep the ballot initiative away from the people of California , " she said . Calls Wednesday to Equality California were not immediately returned . If the proposition is approved , it would be the second time same-sex marriages have been voided in California . In February 2004 , San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom -- who is considering a run for governor -- challenged the state 's laws against same-sex marriage , ordering city officials to issue marriage licenses to gay and lesbian couples . Those unions were voided by the California Supreme Court , though the justices sidestepped the issue of whether banning same-sex marriage was unconstitutional , allowing legal cases to work their way through the lower courts . Several gay and lesbian couples -- along with the city of San Francisco and gay-rights groups -- sued , saying they were victims of unlawful discrimination . A lower court ruled San Francisco had acted unlawfully in issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples . However , the state Supreme Court 's ruling in May struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage as unconstitutional . That decision made California the nation 's second state , after Massachusetts , to legalize same-sex marriage . Four other states allow civil unions .	California Supreme Court declines to block November vote State residents to vote on whether to ban same-sex marriages Activist group had sought to block ballot initiative Same-sex marriages were legalized in state earlier this year
CNN  -- Powered by the same energy produced by a toaster , this weekend 39 solar-powered cars are preparing to race across the Australian outback reaching speeds in excess of 100 kilometers per hour  62 miles per hour  along the way . Setting off from Darwin on Saturday , many of the cars taking part in the biennial , 3,021-kilometer  1,877-mile  Veolia World Solar Challenge to Adelaide look more like ping-pong tables on wheels rather than conventional cars . However , the spirit of adventure and quest for more energy efficiency is what drives the teams of volunteers , university students and organizers . "  We think about it in terms of the land-based version of ocean yacht racing , " says Chris Selwood , the event director . "  Really it 's about how much you can do with how little . We 're looking for the ultimate efficiency in electric cars . " This year is the 11th race and Selwood is happy to point out that while most of the cars do n't resemble anything else that will be rumbling down the Australian highways this weekend , some of the innovations pioneered by the vehicles over the years have made it into the mainstream . Energy-efficient , "  low-rolling resistance " tires that are on the market now were used by Michelin in World Solar Challenge events of the early 1990s , and since the inaugural event in 1987 the electric motors have improved in efficiency by at least 30 % , says Selwood . Some of the motors being used by teams have been engineered to work at 98 % efficiency in turning electricity into motor power . "  That could drive a washing machine , ceiling fan or even electric vehicle , " says Selwood . "  There are many uses for a motor like that in our daily lives across a range of applications . " For the top teams , though , the aim is to get to Adelaide first and worry about the legacy of the technology later . Nuon Solar Team 's Nuna6 car is one of the favorites to win this year 's competition . As winners of the events from 2001 to 2007 , Nuon Solar Team , made up of students from the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands , hope to claim back the crown they lost in 2009 to Japan 's Tokai University 's team . To aid their attempt , Nuna6 is made of a carbon fiber also used by some Formula 1 cars , making it 10 % lighter than its predecessor in 2009 . And like Formula 1 , strategy is expected to be important in giving each team the edge . Each team has to extract enough power from a battery with just 5 kilowatt hours of capacity  10 % of the power competitors are anticipated to need to complete the race  , while also judging when to charge it up for the next day . "  The biggest challenge is to drive non-stop , but we 've got a good chance , " says Nuon Solar Team 's Nadine Rodewijk . For others , making a solar car more appealing to the public is a greater priority than seeing the checkered flag first . To highlight that solar cars are getting closer to the real thing , Bochum University in Germany 's SolarWorldGT has shunned the sleek , aerodynamic design seen by Nuna6 and others in favor of something more recognizable with two doors and two seats . That the SolarWorldGT can still effectively compete the race is thanks in part to improvements in solar and motor technology in recent years , and a new competition rule that has reduced the solar panel capacity allowed on each car by 25 % compared to 2009 . "  They 've got to use that energy wisely to get up hills and get out from under clouds , " says Selwood . "  By keeping some reins on some of these keys factors , we 're seeing some very clever ways in addressing them . " But for all the goodwill and innovation on offer , when the rubber hits the road it will still be a race . "  Our aim as a team is to win , " says Nadine Rodewijk from Nuon Solar Team . "  Although personally , for each of us , it 's about the experience and adventure , learning and preparing for the future . "	Solar-powered car race from Darwin to Adelaide Aim is to highlight the ultimate in renewable energy-efficiency Teams from 21 countries compeiting in the 11th competition Cars will reach speeds over 100kmph using same power that runs a toaster
CNN  -- To offset carbon dioxide , a Japanese airline is asking its passengers to go to the toilet before boarding . All Nippon Airways is asking passengers to use the restroom before flying to reduce weight . The unusual request by All Nippon Airways  ANA  is part of its "  e-Flight " promotional program to reduce the amount of carbon expelled on 38 domestic routes and its twice daily international flights to Singapore . "  Asking passengers to go to the toilet  before boarding  is just a small part of the program , " said spokeswoman Megumi Tezuka , which includes using recycled paper cups and plastic bottles instead of glass . "  We are making these items lighter -- and making the passengers lighter , a little bit , " Tezuka said . The airline estimates that if 50 percent of passengers relieved themselves before boarding , it would reduce carbon dioxide by 4.2 tons a month . Flights will also show educational films on the environment . The month-long trial program , which began October 1 , will be evaluated and may be extended if successful , Tezuka said . In true Japanese fashion , the encouragement to eliminate is more suggested than explicit . This is what is announced before boarding the flights : "  This flight is a so-called ` eFlight . ' The idea behind the operation is to think about the Earth in the sky above . Fuel reduction by lightening the weight of the aircraft will lead to restrain the carbon dioxide emission , which is one of the causes of global warming . Thank you for your understanding . " So no mother-like admonishments to use the toilet before leaving ? "  No , it 's more subtle than that , " Tezuka said . People are also encouraged to pack lighter for the flights , although no additional weight restrictions apply . The program comes as the airline industry in Japan is struggling . The nation 's largest carrier , Japan Airlines , is seeking a government bailout and forecasts $ 700 million in losses this year . This week , ANA 's stock price hit a 52-week low in trading Wednesday .	All Nippon Airways is asking passengers to go to toilet before flights Airline estimates that four tons of carbon dioxide a month would be reduced Comes as Japanese airlines are struggling in the weak economy
CNN  -- Mark Foster fired a six-under-par 66 in foggy conditions to lead the Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles and keep his Seve Trophy hopes alive . The 36-year-old Englishman is keen to take part in the team tournament , named after Spanish legend Seve Ballesteros , when Britain and Ireland take on Continental Europe in September . Foster beat Tiger Woods in the amateur Walker Cup 16 years ago and his impressive round in Scotland kept him on course for a return to team competition . "  I 've been trying hard all year to make it and if it comes around it will be a massive thing for me , " he told the European Tour 's official web site . Foster fired eight birdies and two bogeys in foggy conditions to lead by a shot from Spaniard Ignacio Garrido and Tano Goya , from Argentina . Foster came close to winning both the BMW International and French Open in recent months and lost out on the 2010 Open de Espana by dropping two shots in the final two holes . "  I learned a lot from that , " he said . "  I would say I lost that tournament through nerves really , just not controlling myself . "  But I think it took that week for me to be able to play the way I 've been playing at the moment , where I have more belief in myself and know I can do it . I think I 'm a better person and a better player . " Play began over two hours later than scheduled because of the fog , meaning not all of the field managed to finish their opening round . Garrido did , though , and was pleased to be sitting just one off the lead . He said : "  I think anything under par around here is a good score . Today the course is playing long , with all of the rain , the ball was running nothing , so it was quite long . "  I think the key was that I played very solid , just hit most of the fairways , most of the greens , and took my chances . I never really got in trouble and that 's probably what is the main thing to do here . " Europe 's 2010 Ryder Cup captain Colin Montgomerie finished on one-under while Jose Maria Olazabal , who will take over the role in 2012 , ended on one-over .	England 's Mark Foster leads the Johnnie Walker Championship at Gleneagles Foster fires an opening round of 66 in foggy conditions in Scotland Spaniard Ignacio Garrido and Tano Goya from Argentina are a shot back
CNN  -- More than a month after the Plastiki set sail from San Francisco , the six-person crew has made it to Christmas Island , nearly marking the halfway point of the ship 's journey to cross the Pacific Ocean . Upon their arrival , the crew was greeted at by local residents who performed cultural songs and dances , as well as offered them drinks and chocolate -- traditional treats on the Republic of Kiripbati island . The vessel embarked from San Francisco on March 20 . The arrival on Christmas Island is the first time since the ship left California that that the crew -- David de Rothschild , Jo Royle , David Thomson , Olav Heyerdahl , Vern Moen and Max Jourdan -- disembarked from their ship , constructed of more than 12,000 plastic bottles . After participating in the arrival ceremony , the crew members spoke to 1,000 high school students about the importance of recycling , and led a discussion to address the challenges the students face in their own efforts to promote sustainable practices . The crew had the additional opportunity to interact with the local community while the Plastiki was re-stocked and underwent a maintenance check and minor repairs . Also on Christmas Island , filmmaker Moen will leave the Plastiki to return to California , where his wife gave birth to their son last month . In his place , Graham Hill , the founder of environmental website Treehugger , will be joining the crew . The Plastiki has sailed 3,617 nautical miles of it 11,000-mile journey . Its final destination is Sydney , Australia .	The Plastiki crew reaches Christmas Island 39 days after it set sail from San Francisco This is nearly the expedition 's halfway point and is the first time the crew touches land The crew interacts with the local community and promotes their message of sustainability
CNN  -- A mechanical problem forced NASA to delay the final launch of the Space shuttle Discovery at least until next Tuesday , the space agency said Friday . Engineers found an air leak in the right hand Orbital Maneuvering System Pod , which they say will take a day to repair . Launchtime on Tuesday is set for 4:12 p.m. , when weather experts predict a 70 percent chance of acceptable weather , NASA said . The Discovery 's 11-day flight , which had been set to launch on Monday , will be a "  very busy mission , " according to NASA Flight Director Bryan Lunney . "  After we fly around the Earth about 170 times , Discovery will come home for its last flight , " Lunney said during a news conference last month . "  The crew is ready to go . " The six-member crew , led by Cmdr. Steven Lindsey , will install a new "  permanent multipurpose module " called Leonardo on the International Space Station . This will be the 133rd space shuttle mission and the final one for Discovery . The shuttle Endeavour is set to launch February 26 , and Congress passed a bill this month authorizing another , final space shuttle mission .	NEW : Weather experts predict 70 percent chance of good launch weather Engineers expect it will take a day to fix the air leak The Discovery could launch on Tuesday NASA will retire the Discovery after it 's November mission
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's army had nothing to do with the shooting of an opposition leader in downtown Bangkok , a military spokesman said Friday . The Thursday incident is under investigation , said Col. Sansern Kaewkumnerd , an Army spokesman . Violence erupted during anti-government protests in Thailand on Thursday as one demonstrator was killed and the key protest leader was shot in the head while being interviewed by journalists . Tension soared amid the sound of explosions and gunfire and an anarchic mob atmosphere in downtown Bangkok 's Lumpini Park , where protesters had massed . Video footage showed one protester dead on the pavement . There was also footage of Red Shirt movement leader Maj. Gen. Khattiya Sawasdipol lying on the ground , dressed in camouflage , as frantic protesters attempted to move him and get help . Tom Fuller of the International Herald Tribune told CNN he was among those interviewing the renegade general -- better known as Seh Daeng , or Red Commander -- when he was shot . One of the more radical leaders in Thailand 's wide-ranging protest movement , Khattiya appeared to be bleeding from a head wound . Footage from the hospital showed medics covering his face as he was brought in on a stretcher amid a throng of media . He was in critical condition , his guards said . While it was unknown whether Thailand 's military or government was behind the shooting , the government has previously made it clear it would shoot at what it called armed terrorists . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . A policeman who saw Khattiya 's wounds told CNN that he might have been shot by a sniper . Khattiya 's shooting increased volatility on the streets . More gunfire rang out afterward , according to witnesses . It was not immediately clear whether they stemmed from Red Shirt retaliation . The Thai news agency MCOT said police reported 20 people were wounded Thursday . What are protests about ? The violence erupted after Thai authorities set a new deadline to seal off the Bangkok intersection where protesters have gathered by the thousands for the past month . Officials had said soldiers would seal off roads and shut down rail service leading to the Ratchaprasong intersection at 6 p.m.  7 a.m. ET  Thursday . However , the road on the park 's eastern border remained open as of about 8 p.m. . A few soldiers were present . The United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship  UDD  , the formal name of the Red Shirts , greeted the government 's announcement with defiance . "  We want peace but they want war , " said Weng Tojirakarn , a party leader . "  We will fight with our bare hands . We will stay . " Authorities had initially threatened to shut off power , cut supplies and seal off the intersection at midnight Thursday . They postponed the plan because they wanted to limit the impact on area residents , said Panitan Wattanayakorn , the acting government spokesman . The Centre for the Resolution of the Emergency Situation in Bangkok said it has now asked businesses in the area to shut down until the situation is resolved . iReport : Mood grows subdued at protest camps The government said it has been forced to take action after demonstrators disregarded an ultimatum by Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva to vacate the intersection by Wednesday . The UDD has turned the posh commercial center into a fortress of tires and bamboo sticks as they continued to demand that Abhisit dissolve the lower house of Parliament and call new elections . The Red Shirts support former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006 . Spokesman Panitan said continuing protests by Red Shirts would affect the proposed election date of November 14 . He said Abhisit had mentioned that the proposed date for the new election had been made with the condition that the Red Shirts stop their protests . "  He never said he withdrew his proposal , " Panitan said . iReport : Are you there ? Send your images , video More than two dozen civilians and military personnel have died in police-protester clashes in the ongoing unrest . Over the weekend , two Thai police officers were killed and eight people wounded in violence that began Friday night and lasted into early Saturday . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	NEW : Thai Army says it did not shoot protest leader Red Shirt leader "  Seh Daeng " is hospitalized after being shot earlier Anti-government UDD demands Abhisit dissolve lower house of parliament UDD , also called Red Shirts , are supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Taliban in Afghanistan -- whose government was toppled by U.S.-led forces after the September 11 attacks in 2001 -- has strengthened its military and technical capabilities even while suffering heavy combat losses , says a State Department report released Wednesday . Afghan policemen stand Wednesday outside the ruins of a house destroyed during clashes with Taliban insurgents . "  The Taliban-led insurgency remained a capable , determined , and resilient threat to stability and to the expansion of government authority , particularly in the Pashtun south and east , " according to the "  Country Reports on Terrorism 2007 . " The Taliban 's information operations have become "  increasingly aggressive and sophisticated , " and their ability to obtain al Qaeda support and recruit soldiers from the Taliban base of rural Pashtuns is "  undiminished , " the report says . But new civilian-military counterinsurgency approaches in the east , particularly Nangarhar , have begun to yield successes , the report says . The Taliban is funding its terror activities with money from supporters in neighboring Pakistan and from narcotics trafficking and kidnappings . Kidnappings of foreigners have increased , the report says . The group also has increased its use of improvised explosive devices , and suicide bombings have become more frequent and more deadly , it says . Quoting U.N.-compiled figures , the State Department said terrorists launched about 140 suicide-bomb attacks in 2007 . The number of terror attacks in Afghanistan increased from 969 in 2006 to 1,127 last year , and the number of people killed , injured or kidnapped as the result of terrorism rose from 3,557 in 2006 to 4,673 in 2007 , the report says . In the face of attacks by the Taliban and related groups on coalition forces and others , Afghanistan has struggled to build a stable , democratic government . However , it has taken steps to build strong relationships with neighboring Pakistan and address problems such as poverty that help fuel terrorism , the report says . The Program for Strengthening Peace and Reconciliation has persuaded more than 5,000 Taliban members and other insurgents to stop their lives of violence , it says . The shifting situation in Afghanistan prompted the top U.S. military officer to say in early April that he is "  deeply concerned " about the situation there , and that maintaining troops in Iraq is harming overall U.S. military capabilities . "  The Taliban is growing bolder , suicide attacks are on the rise , and so is the trade in illegal narcotics , " said Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said the United States needs more troops to hold areas of southern Afghanistan -- the region of highest concern -- and to train local army and police personnel . The two men testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee . The United States recently sent an additional 3,500 troops to Afghanistan , but commanders in the region would like 10,000 to 12,000 more , Gates said . He said he doubted NATO would make up the difference . Although 25 NATO allies and 13 other countries have contributed forces , the bulk of the recent fighting in Afghanistan has been done by U.S. , Canadian , British and Dutch troops . Canadian troops are based in the southern province of Kandahar , once a Taliban stronghold . E-mail to a friend	State Department report : Taliban military , technical capabilities stronger Taliban called a determined threat to Afghan stability Funding comes from Pakistan supporters , narcotics trafficking , abductions Number of terror attacks increased from 969 in 2006 to 1,127 last year
CNN  -- From the 50th anniversary this year of Betty Friedan 's "  The Feminine Mystique " to the recent PBS documentary "  Makers : Women Who Make America " that featured Gloria Steinem and scores more women , it 's easy to assume that the United States is at the forefront of women 's rights . But we 're not . Even as the rest of the world celebrates International Women 's Day on Friday  $ " not much of a holiday here  $ " the United States will also stand out as one of the few countries yet to ratify a major United Nations treaty designed to bring equality to women everywhere . Critics of the U.N. 's Convention to Eliminate All Forms of Discrimination Against Women , known as CEDAW , say it does n't reflect American values enough . Here 's what they are missing : The treaty takes American values of equality and women 's rights and makes them global norms . Of the 194 U.N. member nations , 187 countries have ratified CEDAW . The United States is among seven countries that have not -- along with the Pacific island nations of Tonga and Palua ; Iran , Somalia , South Sudan and Sudan -- not the first countries that come to mind when discussing women 's rights . President Carter sent CEDAW to the U.S. Senate for advice and consent in 1980 . It remains in the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations . The Senate has held hearings on CEDAW five times in the past 25 years but failed each time to bring the treaty to a vote on the floor . Why ? Conservative organizations , such as the Home School Legal Defense Association and Concerned Women for America , vehemently oppose the ratification of all human rights treaties . They insist that human rights treaties violate American sovereignty . Thirty-eight Republican senators demonstrated this last December , when they refused to join their more moderate colleagues in ratifying the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities . CEDAW establishes the moral , civic and political equality of women and protects women 's right to be free from discrimination and violence . Thanks to CEDAW , these values have diffused around the world . Conservative critics are wrong when they claim that CEDAW reflects radical feminist views . In fact , a Republican woman , Nixon appointee Patricia Hutar , persuaded the United Nations to draft CEDAW . On January 30 , 1974 , President Nixon called for the U.S. government to commemorate International Women 's Year at all levels . Nixon 's announcement won international accolades and prompted government officials from around the world to follow suit . In 1976 , President Ford sent a bipartisan delegation comprising many accomplished American women to Geneva to draft the initial text of CEDAW . Hutar 's skill as a negotiator proved critical in persuading Communist countries to approve the text of the treaty . The efforts of those American women paid off . CEDAW works . It has empowered civil society organizations to demand that governments respect women 's human rights and to adopt policies to limit sex trafficking , domestic violence , child marriage and discrimination in the workplace . Opponents have a point when they note that ratifying this document has not prevented some countries from being the most egregious violators of women 's rights . When the most powerful country in the world does not support women 's rights , it gives permission for other countries to dismiss their commitment to improving the status of women . With the United States behind it , CEDAW would have even more clout than it does . The United States once led the world in rights for women . In the 1970s , the Democratic and Republican parties supported a wide array of women 's rights policies , including an Equal Rights Amendment to the U.S. Constitution , publicly funded child care and equal pay for women . These efforts weakened once the Republican Party stopped supporting women 's rights . I still believe the United States is one of the best places in the world to be a woman . I would like to see my country once again assert global leadership on women 's rights . Ratification of CEDAW is an essential first step . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Baldez .	Lisa Baldez : It 's easy to assume the United States is at the forefront of women 's rights Year after year , she says , the U.S. refuses to ratify a U.N. pact supporting women 's equality Baldez : 187 nations signed ; 7 nations including Iran , Somalia , Sudan , Tonga have n't Treaty reflects U.S. values ; Republicans once backed women 's rights more , she says
CNN  -- U.N.-Arab League special envoy Kofi Annan is promoting a six-point initiative to end the violence , bring in relief , and forge a political process to address grievances in Syria . The U.N. Security Council endorsed a presidential statement last week welcoming Annan 's recent appointment as a special envoy on the crisis . It also backed the six-point plan submitted to Syria , which Annan 's office said was accepted by President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . "  The Security Council calls upon the Syrian government and opposition to work in good faith with the envoy towards a peaceful settlement of the Syrian crisis and to implement fully and immediately his initial six-point proposal , " the presidential statement said . The six-point initiative is laid out in the statement . A couple of points directly address the aggressive year-long government crackdown against protesters . The United Nations says it now estimates that more than 9,000 people have died in the Syrian conflict . Activists estimate more than 10,000 deaths . One point urges the government to "  respect freedom of association and the right to demonstrate peacefully as legally guaranteed . " Read the U.N. statement  PDF Another calls for Syrians to "  commit to stop the fighting and achieve urgently an effective United Nations supervised cessation of armed violence in all its forms by all parties to protect civilians and stabilize the country . " The government , the plan says , should immediately stop "  troop movements towards , and end the use of heavy weapons  in  , " population centers . It also should pull back the concentrated military deployments in and around population centers , it says . "  As these actions are being taken on the ground , the Syrian government should work with the envoy to bring about a sustained cessation of armed violence in all its forms by all parties with an effective United Nations supervision mechanism , " according to the plan . "  Similar commitments would be sought by the envoy from the opposition and all relevant elements to stop the fighting and work with him to bring about a sustained cessation of armed violence in all its forms by all parties with an effective United Nations supervision mechanism . " Throughout the year , many people have been arrested by the government and activists say those actions have been unfair . The plan urges the Syrian government to "  intensify the pace and scale of release of arbitrarily detained persons , including especially vulnerable categories of persons , and persons involved in peaceful political activities . " The plan urges authorities to urgently provide "  a list of all places " where people are detained . It says the government should organize "  access " to those places . It should "  respond promptly to all written requests for information , access or release " of those detainees . The fate of civilians caught in the crossfire of fighting and in the middle of military offensives has been a major concern . Another point in the plan calls for the government to "  ensure timely provision of humanitarian assistance to all areas affected by the fighting . " It calls on the government "  to accept and implement a daily two-hour humanitarian pause " to allow delivery of relief supplies . Despite the appearance of an armed resistance and some talk of arming them , world powers have emphasized the necessity of a peaceful settlement . Another point in the plan reflects this stance . It urges Syrian authorities to work with Annan "  in an inclusive Syrian-led political process to address the legitimate aspirations and concerns of the Syrian people . " They should "  commit to appoint an empowered interlocutor when invited to do so by the envoy . " The government has restricted the movement of journalists during the yearlong conflict and events reported by activists and the government can not be independently confirmed . One of the points in the plan demands ensuring "  freedom of movement throughout the country for journalists and a non-discriminatory visa policy for them . " Annan viewed Syria 's acceptance of the plan Tuesday as an "  important initial step . " Over the past year , the Assad regime has said it is committed to end the violence but it has continued the crackdown just the same . Annan has stressed that "  implementation of the plan is the key " and the Assad regime needs "  to put its commitments into immediate effect . "	The plan calls for a Syrian-led political process It calls for Syrians to "  commit to ... a sustained cessation of armed violence " The government must allow "  the right to demonstrate peacefully " The plan urges authorities to provide "  a list of all places " where people are detained
CNN  -- There will be no criminal charges filed in the death of a Green Beret who was electrocuted in his quarters in Iraq last year , the Department of Defense said Friday . Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth , a 24-year-old Green Beret , died in a shower at his base in Iraq in January 2008 . The Army 's 11-month investigation "  concluded that there is insufficient evidence to prove or disprove that any one person , persons or entity was criminally culpable " in the death of Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth , the Department of Defense said in a written statement . Maseth , a 24-year-old decorated Green Beret from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was electrocuted in a shower in his Baghdad quarters -- a former palace of deposed Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein -- in January 2008 . "  The investigation revealed that there were numerous entities , individuals , both contractors and government employees , who breached their respective duties of care ; however , none of those breaches , in and of themselves , were the proximate cause of his death , " the Army said . A report released last month from the Pentagon 's inspector general found that Maseth 's death stemmed from failures both by the U.S. military and by military contractor KBR . The company did not properly ground and inspect electrical equipment , the inspector general 's report found , while Maseth 's commanders failed to ensure that renovations to the building where he was based had been properly done . The Army did not set electrical standards for jobs or contractors . KBR has said the palace was not properly grounded by contractors when it was built . The Pentagon report concluded that KBR failed to ground a water pump at the building , and the company did not report improperly grounded equipment during routine maintenance . Maseth 's family is suing the company . After the Pentagon inspector general 's report Sens. Byron Dorgan of North Dakota and Bob Casey of Pennsylvania , both Democrats , called on the Pentagon last month to take back more than $ 83 million in bonuses paid to KBR . Casey said the Pentagon should fine KBR : "  Make it hurt and make it count . " The Department of Defense said there were 18 reported deaths caused by electrocution in Iraq since the war began and that a task force designed to assess fire and electrical safety issues in Iraq was created "  after a series of electrical accidents and incidents . " The task force has inspected more than 67,000 of the approximately 90,000 pieces of equipment and facilities in Iraq . Almost 14,000 deficiencies have been corrected , the department said .	Army : Probe reveals "  numerous entities ... breached their respective duties " Pentagon report last month found failures by U.S. military and contractor KBR Family of Staff Sgt. Ryan Maseth , 24 , is suing military contractor Defense says nearly 14,000 deficiencies in gear and facilities have been fixed
CNN  -- A federal appeals court Thursday allowed four states to prohibit same-sex unions -- a decision that could force the U.S. Supreme Court to take up the issue . In a 2-1 ruling , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit reversed lower court rulings in Ohio , Michigan , Tennessee and Kentucky that struck down same-sex marriage bans . "  When the courts do not let the people resolve new social issues like this one , they perpetuate the idea that the heroes in these change events are judges and lawyers , " Judge Jeffrey Sutton wrote in the ruling . "  Better in this instance , we think , to allow change through the customary political processes , in which the people , gay and straight alike , become the heroes of their own stories by meeting each other not as adversaries in a court system but as fellow citizens seeking to resolve a new social issue in a fair-minded way , " Sutton wrote . The ruling Sutton , who was appointed by President George W. Bush , said that it 's not the responsibility of the judicial branch of government to make "  such a fundamental change to such a fundamental social institution . " "  Process and structure matter greatly in American government , " Sutton wrote . "  Our judicial commissions did not come with such a sweeping grant of authority , one that would allow just three of us $ " just two of us in truth $ " to make such a vital policy call for the thirty-two million citizens . " Judge Deborah L. Cook joined Sutton 's decision , while Senior Circuit Judge Martha Craig Daughtrey dissented . "  This is a very important decision from the federal court of appeals in Cincinnati , which disagreed with every other circuit court that has decided this case so far , " said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . " -LSB- The court said -RSB- there is not a constitutional right to same-sex marriage . " Daughtrey said that Cook and Sutton 's decision read more like a piece of political philosophy than a court decision that grappled with a constitutional question . "  Instead of recognizing the plaintiffs as persons , suffering actual harm as a result of being denied the right to marry where they reside or the right to have their valid marriages recognized there , " Daughtrey said , "  my colleagues view the plaintiffs as social activists who have somehow stumbled into federal court . " ` They ca n't duck it anymore ' In October , the Supreme Court announced it would not hear appeals to same-sex marriage cases filed by a handful of states -- effectively paving the way for same-sex unions to become legal in Indiana , Oklahoma , Utah , Virginia and Wisconsin . A handful of states later followed suit . The high court 's decision left the door open for future challenges -- such as one that could result from Thursday 's decision . Missouri judge overturns state 's ban on same-sex marriage Many observers of the high court said they believed it did not take up same-sex marriage cases because there seemed to be a consensus on the issue on the circuit court level since the Supreme Court struck down the federal law that defined marriage as between one man and one woman -- the Defense of Marriage Act . " -LSB- The ruling -RSB- sets up an almost-certain fight before the Supreme Court , " Toobin said . "  They ca n't duck it anymore . " The American Civil Liberties Union said it will appeal the appeals court 's decision to the high court . "  We believe it 's wholly unconstitutional to deny same sex couples and their families access to the rights and respect that all other families receive , " Chase Strangio , staff attorney in the ACLU LGBT Project , said in a statement . "  We will be filing for Supreme Court review right away and hope that through this deeply disappointing ruling we will be able to bring a uniform rule of equality to the entire country . " This ruling is the first by a federal appeals court to uphold a state 's same-sex marriage ban since DOMA . The Alliance Defending Freedom , a conservative organization , praised the decision . "  The people of every state should remain free to affirm marriage as the union of a man and a woman in their laws , " ADF senior counsel Byron Babione said in a statement . Holder expands federal recognition of same-sex marriage to 5 states CNN 's Bill Mears and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit reverses rulings striking down 4 bans The ruling could force the Supreme Court to take up the heated issue Reaction pours in
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez was given a prestigious journalism award in Argentina on Tuesday , despite his frequent and outspoken criticism of media outlets at home and abroad . Chavez received the Rodolfo Walsh journalism award from Argentina 's Universidad Nacional de La Plata "  for his unquestionable and authentic commitment to support the freedom of peoples . " During a raucous , two-hour acceptance speech in front of hundreds of students and the university 's journalism faculty , Chavez accused large media outlets of "  manipulation " and said that in Venezuela today , there is "  more freedom of expression and the press than any time in our history . " The Rodolfo Walsh award , given to people who advance the cause of press freedom , is named in honor of the late Argentine journalist who was killed in 1977 during Argentina 's "  Dirty War , " when military leaders systematically eliminated dissident voices . Walsh was also a co-founder of Prensa Latina , Cuba 's state-run news agency . Past award winners include Argentine journalists Joaquin Morales Sola and Tomas Eloy Martinez as well as Bolivian president Evo Morales , a close ally of Chavez . Flush with petrodollars , Chavez 's government in 2005 helped create Telesur , a state-funded television network that covers news from throughout Latin America and the globe . Telesur has been championed as an alternative voice to privately owned media conglomerates , but also criticized for its one-sided coverage of Chavez . Ironically , at Tuesday 's award ceremony , private television networks were prohibited from broadcasting the event with their own cameras and instead had to air the signal provided by Telesur . Journalists and politicians in Argentina criticized the choice of Chavez as the award recipient , claiming that he has continually worked to silence his critics and suppress freedom of the press throughout Venezuela . "  Chavez has closed more than 30 radio stations and six television channels and constantly threatens to take away broadcast licenses of any media that is at all critical of his administration , " said Jorge Macri , a congressman from Buenos Aires province . "  That 's why I consider it a lack of respect for the people who have received this award previously that it is now being awarded to the Venezuelan president . " The award ceremony in Argentina came two days after protesters prevented trucks carrying Argentina 's two largest daily newspapers , Clarin and La Nacion , from leaving the printing press . The action further inflamed an ongoing feud between Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner and the Argentine media , which she has accused of unfairly criticizing her administration . Opposition leaders claim that the government authorized the blockade . On Monday , Clarin published a blank white page on its cover to protest the action . "  The Argentine government needs to take immediate measures to sanction this disregard and violation of a judicial ruling that constitutes an attack on freedom of the press , " said Claudio Paolillo of the Inter American Press Society . Earlier Tuesday , Kirchner met with Chavez at the Casa Rosada in Buenos Aires , where they signed a series of economic accords . Kirchner skipped Chavez 's award ceremony at the Universidad Nacional de La Plata -- which she and her late husband , former Argentine President Nestor Kirchner , attended in the 1970s -- to meet with U2 frontman Bono , who is in Argentina for three concerts this week . According to a government spokesman , Bono asked Argentina 's support in developing medical vaccines to eliminate diseases like malaria and for Kirchner 's help in encouraging fellow G-20 leaders to demand that oil and mining companies publicly reveal their financial status .	Venezuelan president receives prestigious award honoring press freedom Chavez government in 2005 helped create Telesur , a state-funded TV network Telesur has been accused of one-sided pro-Chavez coverage Argentine journalists slam choice of Chavez , saying he stifles press freedom in Venezuela
CNN  -- A Canadian man has been arrested , accused of coercing a 12-year-old girl to perform sex acts online by pretending to be pop star Justin Bieber . Toronto resident Lee Moir , 34 , was arrested after police posed as a young girl and arranged to meet him . The 12-year-old girl and her family live in New Jersey , where Essex County Assistant Prosecutor John Laurino said the girl believed Moir was Bieber and started a relationship with him , e-mailing back and forth . "  He began making demands that she show herself on camera , that she engage in acts of undress , and acts of sexual activity as well , " Laurino said . Once Moir persuaded the girl to perform the acts , "  he then extorted her by saying he was going to post these onto pornographic websites , " said Constable Victor Kwong of the Toronto Police . It was not immediately clear how authorities learned of the girl 's case . Working with information from the Essex County Prosecutor 's Office , Toronto Police Services became involved and engaged in sexual conversations with Moir while posing as a 14-year-old girl , according to the prosecutor 's office . On April 4 , after requesting a meeting , Moir arrived at the designated spot and was arrested , the prosecutor 's office said . "  This arrest highlights both the danger posed to children online as well as the best efforts of law enforcement authorities throughout the world to apprehend these child predators who exploit the wide reach and perceived anonymity of the Internet to take advantage of vulnerable children , " said Assistant Prosecutor Deborah Freier , who handled the case . Authorities said they believe Moir has been in contact with numerous girls in the United States , Canada , France , Australia and the Philippines using accounts on Facebook and the video chat site ooVoo , the prosecutor 's office said . They said he used the online names Lee Oneel , Lee Moir , YodaYoda01 , and Justy.Beber1 . Charges against Moir in Canada include luring , manufacturing child pornography and extortion , according to Toronto police .	The man allegedly posed as the pop star and coerced the girl Lee Moir , 34 , of Toronto , allegedly threatened to hurt the girl 's family He also is accused of threatening to put a video of the girl on porn websites He was arrested in Toronto in early April during a sting operation
Washington  CNN  Washington 's commuters will face delays Tuesday morning following a deadly incident on the capital 's subway train system . One passenger died after smoke filled the L'Enfant Plaza metro station Monday afternoon , the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority said . A total of 84 people were taken to hospitals . The National Transportation and Safety Board released a statement saying "  an electrical arcing event " sparked the incident . "  There was an electrical arcing event involving the trackside power cables  the third rail  , " said a statement from the NTSB 's Peter Knudson . A six-car Yellow line train was southbound from L'Enfant station when sparks were noticed about 1,100 feet in front of the train as the tunnel filed with smoke . "  Passengers on the train self-evacuated. , " Knudson said . "  The train did not derail . There was no fire on the train . " The smoke was thick enough to prompt WMATA to suspend service on several lines , including parts of the Green and Yellow line , which both stop there . Blue , Orange and Silver lines were bypassing the stop for a period of time , but resumed service Monday evening . Tuesday morning service will be dicey , according to the WMATA website . "  All Yellow Line service will be replaced with additional Blue Line trains " until the Yellow line returns to regular service . Other trains will be delayed . Following the incident , emergency vehicles crowded the streets around the complex of office buildings that make up L'Enfant Plaza . The buildings largely house private businesses , but the U.S. Postal Service is also headquartered at L'Enfant Plaza . Alec Dubois , a freshman at Gonzaga College High School , told CNN affiliate WJLA he was in a tunnel on a train near the station when smoke started filling the air . "  People were freaking out , going everywhere . The conductor was telling us to stay calm . He said he was trying to get our train back to the station . We had no cell service . I was trying to call my parents . And then there was black stuff everywhere , it was all over my pants , too . It was under our noses . We have no idea what it was . " "  We decided to go out one of the side doors and then we started walking on the rails , " he said . "  Once we got out of the station , we just sprinted for our lives ... because we had no idea what was happening . " He described the smoke as "  translucent . " Lesley Lopez , a metro rider who was there when the smoke broke out , said she "  was n't sure what was happening , and then I heard a voice say , ` Get out of the train station . ' " The longtime metro rider said , however , the evacuation was "  poorly managed , " and that she was "  disturbed " by the fact she was given no evacuation instructions or indication of what had happened . "  It 's disheartening because there did not appear to be an emergency plan , " she said . D.C. Mayor Muriel Bowser issued a statement following the incident thanking city first responders and offering her condolences to the family of the dead passenger . Video from CNN affiliate WJLA showed emergency crews taking several people from the station on gurneys . CNN 's Catherine Shoichet , Janet DiGiacomo , Joe Johns and Eric Bradner contributed to this report .	Subway lines in the capital will be running on a delayed schedule Smoke fills the L'Enfant Plaza metro station after an ` electrical arcing event '
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States needs a new law requiring that the president consult with Congress before going to war , a blue-ribbon panel led by two former secretaries of state said Tuesday . James Baker , left , and Warren Christopher led a panel that recommended a new War Powers Act . The current War Powers Resolution is "  ineffective , and it should be repealed and it should be replaced , " James Baker said in a joint appearance with Warren Christopher , announcing the results of the study they led . The recommendation follows failed efforts by Democrats in Congress to put a stop to the war in Iraq or to put conditions on President Bush 's conduct of it . Congress passed a joint resolution to authorize armed force against Iraq in 2002 , but some Bush opponents say it should not have been interpreted as a blank check for the United States to invade and occupy the Persian Gulf nation . Baker , who served in George H.W. Bush 's administration , and Christopher , who served under President Bill Clinton , said their project was not prompted by any specific war , with Christopher adding that the commission had "  tried very hard not to call balls and strikes on past history here . " "  We did n't direct this report at any particular conflict , " Baker added . The existing law , the War Powers Resolution of 1973 , has been regarded as unconstitutional by every president since it was passed as a response to the Vietnam War , Baker and Christopher said . It requires presidents to report regularly to Congress about ongoing conflicts , but the provision has been flouted . "  No president has ever made a submission to Congress pursuant to the War Powers Resolution since 1973 , " former Sen. Slade Gorton , a Republican member of the committee , said Tuesday . The panel , formally called the National War Powers Commission , said a new law should be created requiring the president to consult with key members of Congress before sending troops into combat expected to last more than a week , or within three days of doing so in the case of operations that need to be kept secret . It should also make clear exactly who the president needed to consult . The panel suggests that the president talk to "  a joint Congressional committee made up of the leaders of the House and the Senate as well as the chairmen and ranking members of key committees . " The new committee would have a permanent professional staff with access to intelligence information , Baker and Christopher said . Congress , in turn , would have to declare war or vote on a "  resolution of approval " within 30 days , they said . If a resolution of approval failed , any member of Congress could introduce a "  resolution of disapproval , " but it was not clear that such an act would stop a war in progress . Christopher was unable to say in the news conference what practical effect congressional disapproval would have . Baker said the commission had been in touch with the presidential campaigns of Democrat Barack Obama and Republican John McCain , as well as leaders of Congress . He declined to reveal what they thought of the proposal , but said : "  We have n't gotten a negative reaction . " Congress has not officially declared war since 1942 , when the United States entered formal hostilities with the Axis powers in World War II . But since then , presidents have sent troops into countries including Korea , Vietnam , Grenada and Iraq . The Constitution makes the president the commander in chief of the armed forces , but gives Congress the power to declare war and approve military budgets . Baker and Christopher 's group included both Republicans and Democrats and held seven meetings over 14 months .	War Powers Act is "  ineffective " and should be repealed , blue-ribbon panel says Former secretaries of state James Baker and Warren Christopher led the study They say the project was not prompted by any specific war Panel proposes new law requiring president to consult with Congress
Fancy a different face but ca n't afford to go under the knife ? Thailand 's Tourism Authority has launched an Extreme Makeover contest , offering three lucky ladies a chance to win free facial surgery along with a shot at $ 5,000 and a luxury vacation . To enter , you 'll have to submit photos showing your face from various angles , along with a health profile and written explanation of why you so badly covet a makeover . The judging committee , made up of medical experts and surgeons , will then pick the three winners . Finalists will be announced on May 7 . Naturally there 's a catch . You 'll have to let all your insecurities play out online through videos and photos uploaded to the Extreme Makeover website while you 're in Thailand for the surgery . You 'll also be subjected to the scrutiny of public voters , who 'll ultimately decide whether you deserve some cash to go with your new face . The contender with the highest number of votes gets the $ 5,000 and a luxury tour package . The two runners-up will also get their own luxury tour packages . According to the rules , the Extreme Makeover contest is open to non-Thai women between 25 and 45 years of age who are able to stay in Thailand for a month . If the official competition video is anything to go by , the contest is aimed at those looking to become the "  ultimate beauty " thanks to this "  life changing opportunity " that will make their "  dreams into a reality . " All you have to do is "  click and remain forever young . " The finalists agree to give the Thailand Extreme Makeover project the right to use their names , images , videos and/or audio before and after surgery for display , public relations via online and offline media and domestic and international marketing . Thailand already a medical tourism hotspot Though the competition was launched to promote medical tourism in Thailand , the country is already considered an industry leader . "  Malaysia , Thailand and South Korea are examples where government support has proved very successful at increasing business year on year , while places like India where governments have done little have seen numbers fall , " says a new report by the International Medical Tourism Journal . Thailand has 30 healthcare organizations accredited by the U.S.-based Joint Commission International , considered a leading evaluator of global heath care quality and safety . For an international hospital to be accredited , it must meet the same set of standards as U.S. hospitals . Josef Woodman , CEO of U.S.-based medical travel consumer guide Patients Beyond Borders  PBB  , tells CNN an estimated 920,000 to 1.2 million medical tourists came to Thailand in 2013 , which represents around 10 % of the worldwide patient flow for international medical travel . However , due to this year 's political and social unrest , current flows are 40 % off , along with the rest of tourism . "  We expect that to bounce back as usual when things clear up , " he adds . So just how much cheaper is it to get your face lift or hip replacement surgery in Thailand ? Average savings for those visiting from the United States are in the 50-70 % range , if you use U.S. costs across a variety of specialties and procedures as a benchmark , says Woodman . But sometimes that figure can reach 80-85 % for the more expensive procedures such as heart and spine work , he adds .	Thailand Tourism Authority launches contest offering free facial surgery Contest only open to non-Thai women between 25 and 45 years of age An estimated 920,000 to 1.2 million medical tourists came to Thailand in 2013
CNN  -- When Tropical Storm Washi ripped through the southern Philippine city of Cagayan de Oro last weekend , it dumped in one day more than the city 's entire average rainfall for the month of December . According to the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration , a total of 181 millimeters of rainfall was recorded in the area last Friday , compared to the expected 99.9 millimeters for the whole month . The devastating flash floods , which have so far claimed the lives of more than 1,000 people , arrived just weeks after a report from the UK 's Met Office Hadley Centre for Climate Change indicated that global warming has significantly increased the number of people at risk from flooding . The report , "  Climate : Observations , projections and impacts , " examined how climate change will modify the weather in 24 countries around the world . While findings vary from region to region , it forecasts an overall increase this century of coastal and river floods , extreme weather events and a global temperature rise of between 3-5C , if emissions are left unchecked . According to climate change experts , cities from New York in the U.S. to Dhaka in Bangladesh are likely to be heavily affected . Migration Simon Reddy , executive director of the C40 Cities network , which promotes sustainable development among local city authorities around the world , says this could be a catalyst for migration into urban areas . "  If the forecast temperature rise is accurate , then entire countries could be irrevocably damaged in certain parts of the world -- and their inhabitants will have to find somewhere else to live , " he said . To illustrate his point , Reddy says that a third of flood-prone Bangladesh , in South Asia , could be made uninhabitable by a two-foot  60 cm  rise in regional sea-levels . The Met Office report echoes this point , predicting that climate change will subject an additional five million people in Bangladesh to floods , if they continue to live in the same place . "  Where are they going to go ? " asks Reddy . "  In most cases they 'll move to where the opportunities and the jobs are -- the nearest habitable city . " With 70 % of the world 's population expected to live in cities by 2050 , according to figures from the U.N. , the impact of climate change on the urban environment appears more pressing than ever before . Floods Historically , cities built up around water highways and coastal regions have flourished due to their association with maritime trade and transport , said Jan Corfee-Morlot , senior climate change analyst for the OECD . "  This means that a disproportionately high number of the world 's cities are located in areas that are now increasingly at risk of floods , " she added . According to Morlot , recent risk studies from the OECD as well as the newly published data from the Met Office report predict that extreme "  once-in-a-lifetime " weather events such as flash floods and coastal hurricanes are going to become significantly more commonplace . But , she says , it 's not just cities in the developing world that are ill-equipped to manage the problem . "  In America alone -- New York , Miami , New Orleans -- these cities face terrible exposure to floods , and unlike cities such as Rotterdam  in the Netherlands  -- they do not have the defenses to prevent them . " In the future , Morlot believes that major cities will have to adapt to the reality of regular flooding by building new infrastructure , such as vast flood barriers and "  evacuation avenues " -- wide roads with dedicated lanes for emergency vehicles . Extreme heat Global temperatures are projected to rise by between three to five degrees over the next century , according to the Met Office . Dr David Dodman , senior researcher at the International Institute for Environment and Development , says that temperatures in the city will far exceed that , due to a phenomenon known as the "  urban heat island effect . " "  The built environment tends to absorb heat during the day and release it slowly at night , so there 's little opportunity for the city to cool down " he said . "  This means that temperature rises from climate change will be significantly exaggerated in urban areas . " Aside from increased instances of heat-related deaths , particularly among the elderly population , Dodman says that the "  wicked irony " of the urban heat island effect is that it stimulates a demand for air conditioning . "  In places like Delhi , we 're seeing a growing middle class use their wealth to pay for electricity-hungry air-conditioning units , which contribute to global warming , and this of course creates a negative feedback loop . " Water shortages According to Dodman , the predicted rise in global sea levels pose a threat to city aquifers -- underground wells that provide a source of fresh water for many urban settlements around the world . "  In coastal cities , the rise causes ` saline intrusion ' -- where salty water gets into the fresh water aquifers , making it undrinkable " he says . In addition , Dr Doug Crawford-Brown , executive director at Cambridge University 's Centre for Climate Mitigation Research , anticipates that stock piles of bottled water will be have to be rationed when fresh water distribution systems buckle under the impact of city floods . "  Even in a developed city like London , which is very well protected by the Thames barrier , high intensity rainfall could create problems with the old sewage system -- causing the potential spread of microbial disease , " he said . Adaptation Simon Reddy believes that urbanities of the future will be defined "  not just by how they restrict their own contributions to climate change , but by the infrastructure and policies they employ to defend against the consequences of it . " To this end , Reddy says that many of the cities in the C40 network have already started to implement adaptive measures . "  In Seoul , for instance , they have removed a highway and restored an ancient river running through the city . This creates a wind corridor to it keep cool , and will also help drain water away in times of high rainfall , " he said . Meanwhile , New York and Tokyo have led the way with green rooftops and urban gardens . "  Urban green spaces are going to be more critical than  they have  ever been , " he said . "  Not only do they absorb heat and rainfall -- helping to keep cities cool and dry , but they provide opportunities for small scale food cultivation -- so city dwellers can become a little less dependent on imports . " For Matthew Kahn , economics professor at the UCLA 's Environment Institute , the accelerated urbanization caused by climate change , will mean that for most cities , the only way is up . The professor , whose book "  Climatopolis " details how future cities could turn climate change to their advantage , says that he expects future modern cities to accommodate the flood of migrants by building energy efficient high-rise residential tower blocks , over small areas of land -- "  much like we see in Singapore today , " he said .	Tropical storm in Philippines comes just after report on climate change predicts floods Climate change refugees are catalyst to urbanization , stretching city capacity Climate scientists predict how effects of climate change will impact city Floods , droughts , and "  urban heat islands " among common characteristics
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Three roadside bombs exploded Friday in quick succession at an outdoor pet market in Baghdad , killing five people and wounding 31 others , police officials said . The bombings took place at a market where young men buy and sell pigeons in Husseiniya , a poor Shiite neighborhood in southeastern Baghdad . This type of market , popular in less affluent neighborhoods , tends to be very busy on Fridays . In February 2008 , 99 people were killed by bomb attacks at two other pet markets in Baghdad . Daily violence has dropped drastically across Iraq since 2008 , but sporadic attacks continue . A series of bomb and gun attacks have taken place in different Iraqi cities this week , including a blast in a popular restaurant in southeastern Baghdad on Thursday evening that killed three people and wounded 10 others . In April , 126 people were killed in attacks across the country and 271 people were wounded . That was higher than in March , which had the lowest monthly death toll for Iraqis since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 , when only 112 people were killed .	The bombings strike a market where young men buy and sell pigeons They kill five people and wound 31 others , police officials say Violence in Iraq has fallen sharply in recent years but attacks continue
Washington  CNN  -- In the space of 48 hours , Secretary of State John Kerry likened climate change to a weapon of mass destruction , Newt Gingrich called Kerry delusional , Sunday talk shows argued about it and President Barack Obama announced another executive action to combat it . After what seemed like a lull in political focus on the issue , why is everyone talking about it this week ? A convergence of events and factors -- blizzards in the East and drought out West , an administration acting on oft-stated intentions , the pending Keystone pipeline decision -- have renewed debate on a topic that alternately captures attention or numbs the public . Here are five reasons why it is being discussed now : 1  Obama walks the talk The President had pledged action on climate change since before he entered the Oval Office five years ago , and he renewed his commitment in his second inaugural address as well as last month 's State of the Union address . However , he spent his first-term political capital on stimulus programs in response to the recession and then health care reforms , instead of carbon cap legislation sought by his liberal base . Faced with relentless Republican opposition to his agenda in a divided Congress , Obama promised to take more executive action in 2014 to get around what Democrats call an obstructionist GOP strategy . He also brought on stronger voices for combating climate change , including Kerry , who became secretary of state last year , and John Podesta , a former chief of staff to President Bill Clinton who headed the liberal Center for American Progress think tank . "  Before there were certainly many people in the administration , including the President , who had a public commitment to the notion of doing something about climate change , " noted David Goldston , the director of government affairs at the Natural Resources Defense Council , a major environmental group . "  Now there 's a plan . ... They are ready to move . " In his first term , Obama set tougher emissions standards for cars and trucks and on Tuesday , he instructed environmental and transportation agencies to work on the next round of higher gas mileage requirements for big trucks that he said comprise 4 % of all vehicles on the road but cause 20 % of their carbon pollution . The presidential moves do n't require congressional approval , unlike a new $ 1 billion climate change preparedness fund that Obama proposed last week . With elections coming in November , congressional approval of such a funding proposal looks impossible . "  There 's no way on Earth he 's going to get $ 1 billion out of this Congress to do anything , let alone fight climate change , " USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers told "  Fox News Sunday . " 2  Extreme weather Frigid temperatures and heavy snow up North , ice storms down South and drought out West instigated a new round of the now familiar debate over whether climate change causes such extreme weather . Opponents of aggressive action against climate change , such as Republicans protecting the oil and coal energy industries , question if any link to weather exists and how much human activity contributes to it . "  What we have to look at is the fact that you do n't make good laws , sustainable laws when you 're making them on hypotheses or theories or unproven sciences , " GOP Rep. Marsha Blackburn of Tennessee argued Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Her comment brought a sharp response from Bill Nye , known as the Science Guy from the PBS program . "  There is no debate in the scientific community , and I can encourage the congresswoman to really look at the facts , " Nye said on NBC . "  You are a leader . We need you to change things , not deny what 's happening . " To Nye , the benefits from reducing carbon emissions should be obvious to anyone , whether or not they agree that climate change contributes to the increasing weather extremes . "  The fewer very dirty coal-fired power plants we have , the better , " he said . "  The less energy we waste , the better . The less inefficient our transportation systems are , the better . The more reliable our electricity transmission systems are , the better . " Powers , the USA Today columnist , said on Fox that the environmental lobby and the politicians supporting tougher climate change action should emphasize the benefits of reducing pollution , rather than talking about the weather . "  Less pollution is definitely a good thing , so that might be a better way to make the argument rather than claiming that climate change is the cause of every single thing that happens with the weather , " she said . 3  Kerry 's trip to climate change hotbeds On an extended trip to Asia , the longtime advocate for firm action to reduce carbon emissions went to two countries at the center of the debate -- China and Indonesia . China is the world 's biggest carbon emitter , with the United States close behind , and the two global powers have so far balked at working out new global emissions limits as part of an international climate change treaty to succeed the Kyoto Protocol . Last week , Kerry announced in Beijing that the two nations would work together on efforts to "  move the climate change process forward " in advance of the next major global climate change conference -- in France in 2015 . On Sunday , he delivered one of the strongest speeches on climate change by any American official while visiting Indonesia , which has lost more than 40 % of its tropical forests that store carbon absorbed from the atmosphere . Anyone still arguing against the reality of climate change was "  simply burying their heads in the sand , " Kerry said , adding that he and President Obama "  believe very deeply that we do not have time for a meeting anywhere of the Flat Earth Society . " In one sense , he continued , "  climate change can now be considered another weapon of mass destruction , perhaps the world 's most fearsome weapon of mass destruction . " Kerry also called it "  the greatest challenge of our generation . " His speech evoked a protest from Newt Gingrich , the former House Speaker and GOP presidential candidate , who posted on Twitter that "  every American who cares about national security must demand " Kerry 's resignation , adding that "  a delusional secretary of state is dangerous to our safety . " "  This is not some U.S. senator just having some wild speech to please the left , " Gingrich , a host of CNN 's "  Crossfire , " said Tuesday . He argued that Kerry , a former senator who now is the top U.S. diplomat , should be held to a "  higher level of seriousness . " Kerry : Climate change as big a threat as terrorism , poverty , WMDs 4  Keystone decision pending A Republican attack on Kerry comes as no surprise , because as secretary of state , he will make his department 's decision on whether to approve the Keystone XL oil pipeline from Canada that has become a political lightning rod . The issue has loomed for years , prompting supporters of the project to accuse the Obama administration of stalling to appease his liberal base . It pits the oil industry and its Republican backers against environmentalists and liberal Democrats who complain the project bolsters the especially dirty fossil fuel production from the tar sands of northern Alberta . However , the politics get messy for Democrats , because organized labor supports the project that will create several thousand jobs . Kerry 's history makes it appear highly unlikely he would approve the pipeline project , but the final call will certainly come from Obama . His chief of staff , Denis McDonough , recently said a decision would likely take months while the full review process plays out . Republicans impatient with what they consider to be a political stall , now until after the congressional elections in November , have urged Obama to use his executive authority to approve the project . U.S. report on Keystone indicates little climate impact 5  It 's an election year Election-year politics always harden positions , and the bitter partisan divide in Washington means little chance for progress on any major initiatives such as immigration reform or deficit reduction . In that political environment , climate change becomes an easy issue for either side to use to attack the other . Goldston of the NRDC noted that another major environmental decision is likely in 2014 -- the administration 's new limits on carbon emissions for existing power plants . Under Obama , the EPA in January proposed new rules for emission levels at future plants , which opponents called an effort to prevent additional coal-fired power plants from being built . A further step to also limit emissions from existing plants , which is expected as soon as June , could shut some of them down and would certainly inflame the debate . "  All this stuff has been in the works , " Goldston said , noting that such administrative steps get opponents "  more publicly active " and spawns more raucous exchanges . "  Obviously , controversy gets attention , " he said . "  It 's all part and parcel of forward movement on the policy side . " U.S. sets up ` climate hubs ' to help rural communities affected by extreme weather CNN 's Steve Almasy , Kevin Liptak and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	NEW : Gingrich calls Kerry "  delusional " for climate change remarks President Obama follows through on promised climate change action Extreme weather always raises concern about the impact of climate change Decisions coming on limiting power plant emissions , building the Keystone pipeline
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Michael Grimm failed to report more than $ 1 million in sales and wages at a Manhattan restaurant he once ran , using unreported cash to pay workers "  off the books " to "  evade taxes and keep more money for himself , " a federal prosecutor said . Grimm , R-New York , pleaded not guilty on Monday in federal court in Brooklyn to 20 counts , including mail fraud , wire fraud , filing false tax returns , hiring unauthorized aliens and perjury . A former FBI agent who used to investigate fraud , Grimm wore a dark suit and was not handcuffed during the hearing . He was released on $ 400,000 bond , secured by his home in Staten Island . As conditions for his release , Grimm , 44 , must surrender his guns and passport . He told reporters that he would remain in office while fighting the charges . He 's up for re-election in November . "  I 'm going to fight tooth and nail ... until I am fully exonerated , " Grimm said . One of his lawyers said previously that Grimm would be vindicated . Grimm stepped down from his position on the Financial Services Committee . In a letter to House Speaker John Boehner , Grimm asked to be removed from the committee until resolution of the unfolding legal matters . Boehner "  believes Rep. Grimm 's decision is appropriate under the circumstances , " the speaker 's spokesman , Michael Steel , said . Indictment unsealed An indictment unsealed on Monday after a probe of more than two years alleges Grimm lied to investigators about his taxes after leaving the Healthalicious restaurant to run for Congress . He "  never met a tax he did n't lie to evade , " U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said . The charges relate to Grimm 's operation of Healthalicious from 2007 to 2010 , following his FBI tenure . He was elected to the House of Representatives in 2010 , representing Staten Island and parts of Brooklyn . He was re-elected two years later . Grimm , as an accountant , attorney , former Marine and ex-FBI agent , "  was poised for success as a small business owner , " but "  made the choice to go from upholding the law to breaking it , " Lynch said in a written statement . Much of the alleged scheme involved cash customers paid at the register , as opposed to credit or debit payments that created a paper record , Lynch said . The restaurant , in which Grimm had a 45 % partnership interest , did n't report some of the cash as income , Lynch 's office said . The restaurant also used cash to pay some workers -- some of whom did n't have legal status -- and then did n't report the payments to tax authorities , Lynch 's office said . "  Many employees received approximately half of their weekly pay in cash and the other half by check or through direct deposit into a bank account , while others received their entire weekly pay in cash , " the statement said . By under-reporting the restaurant 's earnings and workers ' wages , the business was able to dramatically underpay its sales , income and payroll taxes , Lynch 's office said . Grimm calls case ` political witch hunt ' Grimm also is charged with conspiring to commit health care fraud and obstructing an official proceeding . Grimm said the investigation was "  a political witch hunt ... to assassinate my character and remove me from office . " He told reporters that he felt "  somewhat relieved " after the investigation because "  today at least I get to face my accusers . " The indictment comes months after Grimm made headlines when he was shown on camera threatening to throw a reporter over a Capitol Hill balcony after an interview following the State of the Union address . In recent months , public attention also has focused on Grimm 's campaign donations after a friend and donor was charged with funneling illegal contributions to his campaign four years ago . The investigation into campaign finance is still ongoing , U.S. officials briefed on the matter have said . CNN 's Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report	NEW : Rep. Grimm : "  I 'm going to fight tooth and nail ... until I am fully exonerated " U.S. attorney : Grimm "  never met a tax he did n't lie to evade " Grimm charged with fraud , filing false tax returns , perjury Case centers on operation of Manhattan restaurant
Washington  CNN  -- Security is an elusive thing for journalists , women in particular . Every year , the International Women 's Media Foundation honors four women journalists for their courage in reporting the news and promoting the advancement of women in the news media . During the last 25 years , 100 women from all over the world have been recognized with the IWMF 's Courage in Journalism and Lifetime Achievement Awards . This year 's honorees have travelled from Afghanistan , Cambodia , Syria , and Zimbabwe to receive their Awards in Los Angeles . Najiba Ayubi is the director of The Killid Group , a media organization that in cooperation with affiliated outlets broadcasts news in all provinces of Afghanistan . Ayubi has confronted numerous terrifying experiences in her 25 years as a journalist , including gunmen at her house , defamation in state-run media , and lawsuits by members of parliament . Nour Kelze became a photojournalist for Reuters in Aleppo after the conflict in Syria began , and has been covering the front lines of the revolution at great risk to her reputation and life . Bopha Phorn , an editor for The Cambodia Daily in Phnom Penh , is not only one of very few female journalists in Cambodia , she is also one of very few journalists who investigate corruption and power abuse in Cambodia . In 2012 , Phorn was investigating illegal logging in the Cambodian jungle and barely escaped death when gunmen opened fire on the car she was traveling in . An environmental activist who was with her was killed . Zimbabwean journalist Edna Machirori , who is being honored with the IWMF Lifetime Achievement Award , started her career in journalism 50 years ago , before Zimbabwe 's independence , and later became the country 's first female black newspaper editor . The Award ceremony on Tuesday will be co-hosted by actress Olivia Wilde and Glamour magazine 's editor-in-chief Cindi Leive . Award presenters will include Marcia Gay Harden and Maria Shriver .	Some of the bravest women journalists are being honored at an awards night in Los Angeles The International Women 's Media Foundation is honoring some of the world 's bravest journalists The winners are of the Courage in Journalism awards are from Afghanistan , Cambodia , Syria There is also a Lifetime Achievement Award for a journalist from Zimbabwe
Turkey 's Recep Tayyip Erdogan has made history as the country 's first directly elected president but his ambitious economic plans could be scuttled by the region 's volatile geopolitics . As prime minister , Erdogan presided over the dramatic rise and fall of Turkey 's economy , wooing the emerging East before being undone by the winding back of stimulus programs in the West . Despite the economic decline , and a 52 % presidential vote being lower than expected , Erdogan 's aims for expansion remain undimmed . He has outlined plans to boost Turkey 's GDP from $ 820 billion in 2013 to $ 2 trillion in 2023 , and to more than double per capita income from just under $ 11,000 to $ 25,000 in the same time frame . The year 2023 is important to Erdogan , as it is the 100th anniversary of the country 's founding as a modern state by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk . Near term , the real challenge is avoiding stagnation due to the challenges in neighboring Syria and especially in Northern Iraq -- where the march of terrorist group ISIS continues -- which are undermining growth . After hitting 2 % in 2012 , the economy grew 4 % last year . The government is expecting to show 4 % growth for 2014 . In his victory speech Erdogan , who as PM presided over the violent Gezi Park protests , a Twitter blackout and a corruption probe that hit the government , declared he wanted to start a "  social reconciliation " period , leaving the "  tensions , culture of clashes and virtual problems " in the "  old Turkey . " Erdogan 's force of personality carried him through nearly 12 years of prime ministership and he should not be underestimated in this new role . But his controversial rule as prime minister prompted ratings agency Fitch to Monday say political risk remained high as Erdogan shifted his power to president . "  Given the anti-government protests last summer in response to Erdogan 's perceived authoritarian tendencies , " Fitch said , "  political tension is likely to remain high as Erdogan seeks to extend the power of the presidency . " Fitch warned Turkey 's "  policy coherence and credibility " was already weaker than its ratings peers , noting Erdogan 's leadership had contributed to political risk that fed credit weakness . Beyond the domestic concerns , Erdogan can not control the volatility of his country 's neighborhood -- and could find his plans entangled in his own divisive history and that of the region . READ MORE : Understanding Turkey 's elections READ MORE : Turkey 's economy goes from star to mess	Prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan becomes Turkey 's first directly elected president He has been a controversial leader and is expected to be a powerful president Erdogan has big economic plans but they may get foiled by geopolitical pressures
CNN  -- Jason Derulo has a message for fans worried about his breakup with Jordin Sparks : "  Everything is cool . " The "  Talk Dirty to Me " singer did an interview with a Twin Cities radio station on Thursday and initially did not want to address reports that he had split with the season 6 "  American Idol " winner . The pair were first linked romantically three years ago and have been open about their adoration . But Derulo , 25 , confirmed that the pair are no longer together . He said that they will remain friends and that all is well . "  Yeah , everything is cool , man , " he continued . "  It 's not a bad situation . You know , it 's not one of those kinda things . " There was no hint of trouble when the couple strolled the red carpet at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards . After Sparks , 24 , appeared in the video for Derulo 's song "  Marry Me , " had many fans expecting a proposal soon . In August , Derulo told E! News he planned on popping the question to Sparks "  when the time is right for sure . "	Derulo confirmed the breakup during a radio interview He said the pair will remain friends Fans had expected the pair to get engaged
Washington  CNN  Rep. Steve Scalise may have attended a gathering of a white supremacist group , David Duke , the former Klu Klux Klan leader who founded the group said on CNN Saturday . "  I 've got conflicting reports , " Duke told CNN 's Michael Smerconish . "  One person said that he was a no-show , that he was scheduled to come -- one person said that he did come . I just do n't know what the truth is . " Duke added that "  it seems that Mr. Scalise thinks he may have . That 's why he 's -- he 's covering himself . " Duke was in Russia at the time of the 2002 conference of the European-American Unity and Rights Organization , considered by many civil rights groups to be a hate group . The event in question has drawn intense scrutiny after a local Louisiana political blogger uncovered comments on an online forum suggesting Scalise spoke there in 2002 . The controversy surrounding Scalise 's appearance has sparked calls for the Louisiana Republican to resign from his House Republican leadership position and created unwanted headaches for the GOP as they prepare to take over full control of Congress next week . While he said he remains murky on the actual details of who spoke at the event thirteen years ago , Duke threatened to "  name names " of lawmakers with whom he 's "  had relationships " if they continue to attack Scalise . "  I would name names of any Democrat -- and I know some Democrats and Republicans in the House of Representatives -- who tried , in fact urged me , to support them , " he said . He added while he respects the privacy of those with whom he 's had relationships , "  I would call them out if they -LSB- were -RSB- hypocritical . " Scalise himself has said while he does n't remember speaking to the group , he may have , as he was barnstorming his district as a state representative seeking support for a proposal . The lawmaker has distanced himself from the group 's viewpoints and apologized for speaking there , calling it a "  mistake . " But conflicting reports from Duke and his advisor , Kenny Knight , who organized the event , continue to raise questions about what actually happened that day . Knight has said previously Scalise did n't in fact speak to the group , and only came to talk to a meeting of a civic association gathering before the EURO event . Duke on Saturday insisted that even if Scalise spoke to his group , they were not supporters of one another . "  I was not his supporter , he was not my supporter . I did not contribute to him , he did not contribute to me , okay ? " Duke said . "  He was not a member of my organization -- he was an early young representative who just got elected in Louisiana , and he was pushing a tax program , and he was coming to constituents . And again , I believe that every elected official has a responsibility to hear out people who are right wing , left wing . " Duke also downplayed the controversy surrounding his group , comparing it to the National Council of La Raza , a Hispanic-American rights group , or the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , an African-American rights group , and noting that elected officials speak to both of those without blowback . "  But he came to a European organization -- big problem , " he noted . "  And do n't forget , he was an elected official . So what is America all about ? Do n't we , are n't we supposed to believe that if you 're an elected official ... you 're representing all the people in your district ? " Duke said that at the time he was a very popular figure in Louisiana , forging multiple unsuccessful statewide runs and at one point contemplating a run for president . And Duke alleged that the "  national media " was "  racist " and may have contributed to the controversy . "  Maybe the national media , which I consider to be very racist against European Americans , I think that they have really caused the incitement of African Americans against European Americans , and I also think that they 've also facilitated European Americans being angry against African Americans , " he said .	David Duke said Saturday that Rep. Steve Scalise "  may have " attended a gathering of his group in 2002 He defended the group as similar to African American or Hispanic rights groups Duke threatened to "  name names " of lawmakers who have sought his support
CNN  -- A judge , who was suspended after an online video showing him beating his teenage daughter went viral , was reinstated by the Texas Supreme Court . Judge William Adams was back working Wednesday at Aransas County after his suspension was lifted by the state 's high court , a court clerk said . The state 's Commission on Judicial Conduct earlier ruled that Adams would receive a public warning for the incident , which cleared the way for the suspension to be lifted . The move to allow the judge back on the bench angered Adams ' former wife and daughter . "  My first feeling is extreme sadness , " said Hallie Adams , the former wife . "  I feel sad for the public . I see the justice system is failing and justice review system is failing . " Hillary Adams , the judge 's daughter , was also upset . "  I 'm embarrassed to live in Texas , " said the girl who was the buzz on the Internet last year after releasing the beating video . Adams was suspended last year after the 2004 video went public . It showed him beating his then-16-year-old daughter because she downloaded online music and games . The beating occurred when her father was punishing her for using the Internet "  to acquire music and games that were unavailable for legal purchase at the time , " Hillary Adams , wrote on the Internet posting . She said she released the video after being harassed by her father . "  It was the straw that broke the camel 's back , " she said last November . "  It was n't any huge happening or anything . " She said she told her father she had the video , "  and he did n't seem to think anything of it , and basically dared me to post it . " The video posting said , "  Judge William Adams is not fit to be anywhere near the law system if he ca n't even exercise fit judgment as a parent himself . Do not allow this man to ever be re-elected again . His ` judgment ' is a giant farce . Signed , Hillary Adams , his daughter . " The 71/2 - minute video is punctuated by cracks of the man 's belt and the girl 's screams and cries . At one point , the man says to his near-hysterical daughter , "  What happened to you , Hillary ? Once you were an obedient , nice little girl . Now you lie , cheat and steal . " At another point , he yells at her , "  You want to put some more computer games on ? You want some more ? " William Adams has acknowledged that the man in the video was him . As a judge , William Adams handles misdemeanor cases , including family-related and juvenile court issues .	The judge is back to work , a clerk says William Adams handles misdemeanor cases Daughter Hillary Adams posted the video in November 2011 It was recorded seven years earlier
Who has the data investigators used to shape their search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , and why has n't it been released to the public ? The answer to those questions depends on who you ask . Facing a growing chorus of criticism from scientists and family members who want to see more details about why searchers are combing the southern Indian Ocean for the missing Boeing 777 , Malaysia 's top transportation official Thursday claimed his country does n't have the raw data from the satellite 's communication with the plane as it flew thousands of miles off course . The data is crucial because it 's what led investigators to the area where they 're currently searching for the plane . And in recent days , some scientists outside the investigation have suggested they do n't trust investigators ' analysis of the data , and questioned whether searchers are even looking in the right place . "  The raw data is with  satellite company  Inmarsat , not with Malaysia , not with Australia , not with Malaysia Airlines , so if there is any request for this raw data to be made available to the public , it must be made to Inmarsat , " Acting Minister of Transportation Hishammuddin Hussein said . Australian officials heading the search in the Southern Indian Ocean tell CNN they do n't have the raw data , either . But Inmarsat , which owns the satellites , insists that the data has already been released to investigators . "  Inmarsat 's raw data was provided to the investigation team at an early stage in the search for MH370 , " Chris McLaughlin , the company 's vice president of external relations , told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett : OutFront . " He added , "  We have very high confidence in the analysis of this data , which was independently evaluated by the international teams accredited to the official investigation . " It 's up to investigators , he said , to decide what they want to release -- and when . The company says the Convention on International Civil Aviation prevents the release findings from an investigation without the consent from the state conducting the investigation . "  I do n't know who to believe , " CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said . "  But is n't it awful that it 's quite evident somebody is lying here ? Somebody is lying . We 're talking about something that involves a missing airliner , now 70 days . Lives lost , families shattered . And there  are  people lying about this . This is absolutely reprehensible . I ca n't even believe ... it would be funny if it was n't so tragic . " Aviation attorney Arthur Rosenberg said he thinks the satellite company is obligated to release the data , whether or not Malaysian authorities have it . "  Unfortunately , you almost get the sense that they 're stalling , that there 's something in there that they do n't want the world to see . And that 's the problem , " O'Brien said . "  That 's why there 's so little credibility right now about why this search zone has been identified . " Search officials turn to private companies for help With no tangible evidence of Flight 370 after more than two months of searching , officials are reaching out to commercial companies for help . More specialized devices will be needed in this new stage of the search , which will focus on reanalyzing data to help ensure the correct search area ; conducting a detailed mapping of the sea bed ; and deploying specialized autonomous underwater vehicles  AUVs  . The Malaysian government is in the process of acquiring tools from companies such as Petronas , Sapura Kencana , Boustead and DEFTECH , acting Transportation Minister Hishammuddin said Thursday . Other nations may have other assets that would complement the search . Devices such as AUVs and deep-water towed side-scan sonars "  are very expensive and scarce , " Hishammuddin said . Australia has estimated the new phase will cost $ 60 million . The breakdown of exactly who 's going to pay for what is not clear . For most of the two-month search , each of the 26 countries involved has paid for their own costs . But three countries have been holding high-level discussions on how to proceed -- Malaysia , where the plane is from ; China , which had more than 100 passengers on board ; and Australia , which had six passengers on board and is close to where the official search area is focused . "  Procurement arrangements for the use of commercial contractors will be undertaken by Australia , in consultation with Malaysia , " Hishammuddin said . Better communications The Malaysian government has established a new committee to streamline communications between nations , families and others to release timely and transparent information , Hishammuddin said . Relatives of those on board have lambasted Malaysian officials for weeks , saying they have not been forthcoming and transparent in releasing data about the plane , which disappeared on March 8 with 239 people on board . Underwater search interrupted The announcements Thursday came after the underwater search for Flight 370 came to an abrupt stop . Two technical problems -- a malfunctioning part on the Bluefin-21 underwater drone and a broken transponder on the drone 's mother ship -- have forced the suspension of the underwater search for a least a few days , a U.S. Navy official said Wednesday . The drone and the transponder were damaged this week when the vehicle was being hoisted onto the deck of the Australian vessel Ocean Shield . The vehicle struck the navigation transponder , which extends over the side of the ship , said Michael Dean , the Navy 's deputy director of ocean engineering . The Bluefin-21 currently is the only submersible looking for the Boeing 777 , which was traveling from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing when it disappeared . Repairs were made to the submersible . But in subsequent tests , operators said the acoustic communications link on the Bluefin-21 and the navigation transponder on the Ocean Shield malfunctioned . No spare parts for either device were on the ship , Dean said . Parts necessary for the repairs are being shipped from the United Kingdom to Australia , he added . Broken parts to delay Flight 370 search for days U.N. : More robust flight tracking needed MH370 : Plane audio recording played in public for first time to Chinese families	Satellite company Inmarsat says it already handed over raw data Malaysia and Australia say they do n't have it Analyst : "  I do n't know who to believe , but somebody is lying " Officials are looking to use more specialized devices in the underwater search
CNN  -- Actress Mackenzie Phillips has said that she believes she had a "  genetic predisposition " to the life of sex , drugs and rock and roll that have come to define her . Mackenzie Phillips tells CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that her father raped her in 1979 . In a 1999 interview on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on "  Why Some Childhood Stars Crash and Burn , " the former "  One Day at a Time " star said she did n't blame Hollywood for the years of drug and addiction she had endured . "  I think that for a lot of us , alcoholism and addiction is the root of the problem , not the fact that we were child stars , " she said at the time . "  Certainly , it lent to the problem , but it was n't the root of the problem . " By the time she did the interview , her well-publicized addiction to cocaine , drug arrests and stints in rehab had overshadowed an acting career once full of promise . Then , on Wednesday , the 49-year-old actress revealed on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " that she engaged in an incestuous relationship with her father , legendary musician John Phillips , for nearly 10 years . In her tell-all memoir , "  High on Arrival " -- named after a song her father dedicated to her -- she claims the relationship began in 1979 . She claims her father forced himself on her while they were under the influence of drugs on the night before she was to marry Jeff Sessler , a member of the Rolling Stones ' entourage . She ended the relationship a decade later , when she became pregnant and realized she did not know who had fathered her child -- her husband or her own father -- and terminated the pregnancy , the actress told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Watch Phillips discuss her alleged incestuous relationship with her father " But before the incest claims -- and subsequent denials from relatives -- Mackenzie Phillips was better known as a child actor full of promise who fell from grace under the toxic guidance of her drug-addicted father . Born Laura Mackenzie Phillips in 1959 to John Phillips and Baltimore socialite Susan Adams , Phillips told People magazine in 1980 that she alternated between two wildly different worlds after her parents divorced when she was three years old . "  My mother concentrated on bringing me up a proper lady , " Mackenzie Phillips told the magazine . "  And then on weekends at my dad 's place , I would find Mick Jagger and Donovan and the Beatles hanging out . I remember crawling all over Paul McCartney . " Her father taught her to roll a joint when she was 10 , she tried cocaine for the first time when she was 11 and lost her virginity at age 12 , she told Meredith Vieira of NBC 's "  Today " show . When she was 12 , a talent scout for Francis Ford Coppola spotted her playing in a band with classmates on amateur night at the Troubadour , according to People.com . She eventually landed a memorable role in the 1973 hit coming-of-age flick , "  American Graffiti . " After filming , her mother sent her to a Swiss boarding school , but the rebellious teen did n't last long in exile . She returned to her father 's home in Los Angeles under the supervision of her father 's sister , Rosemary Throckmorton . When her father and stepmother left for New York in 1974 and never returned , Mackenzie , her brother Jeffrey , moved in with their aunt in "  a little house behind the Hollywood Bowl which we shared with 12 cats , " according to People.com . Despite her relocations , Phillips ' career continued to advance . At 15 , she appeared in her second movie , "  Rafferty and the Gold Dust Twins , " with Alan Arkin . In 1975 , she was offered the role of Julie Cooper on CBS ' hit sitcom , "  One Day at a Time , " according to IMDB.com . "  By the time I turned 18 , I moved into a little chalet of my own and felt very grown-up , " Mackenzie told People in an interview in 1980 . As her star grew , so did her appetite for drugs , particularly cocaine . A few years later , just after she turned 18 , Phillips was arrested when she was found collapsed on quaaludes on a street in Los Angeles . Phillips said on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " that her father 's response was , "  Congratulations ! Now you 're a real Phillips . Now you know that even though they caught you , the rules do n't apply . " Her weight loss and erratic behavior disrupted the show 's filming and became a source of distress to her co-stars , Bonnie Franklin and Valerie Bertinelli , according to People.com . According to Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh 's "  The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows , " Phillips missed the 1980-81 season while in rehab for addiction issues . When she went to seek treatment at Fair Oaks , a psychiatric hospital in Summit , New Jersey , in December 1980 , she joined her father and stepmother , who entered the hospital after being charged with conspiracy to distribute narcotics , according to People.com . She left with a clean bill of health , but soon enough resumed using drugs even as she attempted to rebuild her career as a member of her father 's new version of the Mamas & the Papas . In her memoir , she recalls arriving at a hotel room to find two packages -- one containing her father 's newly published memoir and another containing an eighth of an ounce of cocaine , according to excerpts of the book published on MSNBC.com . After shooting up , she recalls reaching for the book and looking up her name in the index . "  Under my name was a list of subheadings and page numbers . I scanned down the entries : Phillips , Laura Mackenzie acting career of ... arrested on drug charges ... attempts to clean out ... in California ... childhood of ... drug use by ... early childhood of ... at finishing school in Switzerland ... Jeff Sessler and ... marriage to Jeff Sessler ... Peter Asher and ... rape ... . shipboard romance on QE 2 ... "  There it was , my life to date , with highlights selected , cross-referenced , and alphabetized . I had been organized and reduced to a list of sensational and mostly regrettable and/or humiliating anecdotes . Being indexed , particularly under such dubious headings , gave me a weird feeling that definitely was n't pride . I felt like I was n't a real person , just a list of incidents and accidents , " she writes in the book . Her television career experienced a revival in the 1990s , with guest appearances on hot shows including "  Beverly Hills , 90210 , " "  Melrose Place , " "  Walker , Texas Ranger " and "  Chicago Hope , " her profile on IMDB.com states . From 1999 to 2001 , she had a regular role in the Disney series , "  So Weird , " and several other television guest appearances followed , according to IMDB.com . She appeared to be getting her life back on track , eventually giving birth to a son , Shane . She was arrested in for drug possession in 2008 on her way to an "  One Day at a Time " reunion . Since then , she says she has been drug-free , and hopes that purging herself of the secret incestuous relationship will help her recover . Yet she insists she does not hate her father for what he did . "  I have to say that I loved my father , and I still do . I 've been trying to come to terms with this very difficult past , " Phillips told Winfrey .	Mackenzie Phillips believes she had "  genetic predisposition " to substance abuse Dad showed her how to roll joint when she was 10 , she tells "  Today " show Drug abuse forced her out of role on successful CBS sitcom "  One Day at a Time " Watch Mackenzie Phillips on Larry King Live , Wednesday 9 p.m. ET
The mother of an American on trial in Iran denied allegations that her son is a spy for the CIA , saying that anything he confessed to was coerced . Iranian authorities allege that Amir Mirzaei Hekmati entered the country to infiltrate its intelligence system in order to accuse Iran of involvement in terrorist activities , according to the semi-official Fars news agency . "  We are deeply concerned for the fate and well-being of Amir , " Hekmati 's mother , Behnaz , said in a statement Wednesday . "  We are also disturbed by the video and reports coming from the Iranian court that describe Amir admitting to being a spy . It is clear to me and our entire family that Amir is speaking under duress . " The United States also has called the accusations false . According to Fars , Hekmati told a judge Tuesday that he worked for the CIA and that he was to get paid for delivering information to Iran 's intelligence ministry . He also told the judge he felt he had been duped and that he had planned on not returning to the United States , Fars reported . Hekmati 's mother called the reported admission "  totally false . " "  It is an indication that he is not speaking freely but being forced to say something that is n't true , " she said . "  Amir has many financial and business investments in the U.S. and would never walk away from them . " Hekmati , a former U.S. Marine , was arrested in August while visiting his grandmother and other relatives , his family in Michigan said last week . Up until Wednesday , they had remained quiet about the arrest at the urging of Iranian officials , who promised his release , they said . "  In this environment Amir is a victim , " his mother said . "  We are convinced that there is a mistake or misunderstanding . We pray and hope he will be allowed to come home soon . " The Hekmatis said their son served in the Marines from 2001 to 2005 . Later , he started his own linguistics company and contracted his services to the military as well as civilian businesses . His military contracts included cultural competency training . He worked with troops at military bases to promote understanding of , and positive communication , with people of other cultures , his family said . Fars reported that Hekmati said he worked for the U.S. Army for four years and later the CIA , where he was sent to Afghanistan and had access to secret documents . Hekmati was supposed to give his information to the Iranians in two parts -- the first part for free , and if they liked it he would ask for $ 500,000 for the second part , according to Fars . Hekmati said he was to get a receipt from the intelligence ministry for the money , Fars reported . The judge speculated whether the receipt would later be used as evidence linking Iran to terrorist activities , Fars reported . If Iran had paid , Hekmati told the judge , he would have kept the money and lived in Iran , according to Fars . Hekmati 's attorney told the judge his client had been tricked by "  Satan " -- referring to the United States -- and argued that intent to commit a crime is n't a crime in itself .	The U.S. and his family say Amir Mirzaei Hekmati is falsely accused of spying He was arrested in August while visiting relatives Prosecutors allege he was hired to deliver information to Iran Hekmati served in the Marines from 2001 to 2005
EW.com  -- The second season of the decline and fall of western civilization "  Here Comes Honey Boo Boo " premiered Wednesday night on TLC -- and it 's safe to say that fame and fortune have n't changed the Thompson clan one lick . They 're still living in a modest single-family home in tiny McIntyre , Georgia . They 're still eating their special brand of locally-sourced cuisine  on the menu tonight : roadkill pig !  . They 're still making their own fun , breaking out buckets of butter for impromptu food fights and throwing a Dukes of Hazzard -- sorry , that 's Dukesy Hazzard -- theme party for patriarch Sugar Bear 's birthday . And , of course , they 're still doing wondrous , eminently quotable things to the English language -- which viewers like you can enjoy at home , thanks to TLC 's helpful subtitles . What are the lines you 'll be repeating incredulously over brunch this weekend ? Try these : "  PECHES " -- A sign at a farm stand near the Thompson family 's house . You know , like that 1996 hit : "  Movin ' to the country/Gonna et a lot of peches . " "  Not having my phone really sucks , like monkey balls . Feel like I 'm back in , like , medieval times , because when they had black and white TV , when there was no cell phones , **** , I do n't see how anyone lasted . " -- Mama June , instantly regretting her decision to stash every cell phone in the house in an empty cheese ball bucket . "  I 'm kind of one of those , ` do as I say , not ... ' You do what I say , not what you tell me what to do . " -- Mama June , admitting that she actually still has her phone . "  You fart in your hand , and throw it at your enemy 's face . " -- Alana , a.k.a. Honey Boo Boo herself , explaining her brilliant signature wrestling move : the Cup-a-Fart . "  My roadkill wish list is a rabbit , a hamster , a monkey . They go crazy . A bird , a butterfly , a porcupine . Because you can pick your teeth with the quills . And ... a wild pig . Raccoon . A gopher . A helephant . A lion . This is making he hungry , too . " -- Alana , describing the local delicacies she 'd most like to sup upon . "  Why waste money in the store when it 's fresher and cleaner on the side of the road ? " -- Mama June , exercising common sense . "  HOG JOWL ! HOG JOWL ! " -- The family , chanting , as they bring their prize pig home . "  It 's lost . " -- Pumpkin , a.k.a. Lauryn , after hiding an errant kernel of corn in her bellybutton . "  This is what happens every time I leave y' all by y' all selves ! " -- Mama June , arriving home to find three of her daughters literally covered in butter . So like ... the trash bag outfits and wasted dairy products are a regular thing ? "  I like go-karts . Who do n't like go-karts ? Go karts rhyme with go-farts . " -- Alana , a budding poet . "  Caw , caw ! " -- McIntyre 's very own Punctuation Crow , handy as a way to punch up confessional interviews . "  The can 's helping you now . " -- Chubbs , a.k.a. Jessica , leaving her mother to plan the Dukesy Hazzard party all by her lonesome . "  Today is my birthday . Yippee . -LSB- scratches b *** s -RSB- " -- Sugar Bear , American hero . "  I just closed my eyes , imagined Daisy Duke , and started whacking it . " -- Sugar Bear again . He 's talking about a piata . "  HUMPIN TO PLEASE . " -- A McIntyre sign that gives "  PECHES " a run for its money . "  Okay ... whatev ... I mean ... " -- Mama June , immediately after exiting the bathroom and finding that Sugar Bear wants to have some "  alone time " with her . "  If you wan na romance me and you wan na get in my pants , per se -- new crockpot , new deep fryer , might get you to first base . " -- Mama June , explaining how to rub her the right way  and testing out her Latin skills  . "  I really had a wonderful birthday , but this is the best part of the day . " -- Sugar Bear , on getting to spend some one-on-one time with his wife . Aww , these nuts really do care about each other ! Did I miss anything ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Honey Boo Boo and her family are back with a new season Mama June stashed every cell phone in the house in an empty cheese ball bucket They threw a Dukes of Hazzard party
A Maryland mother stabbed two of her children to death and wounded two others while attempting an exorcism , authorities said . Zakieya L. Avery , 28 , was charged Saturday with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted first-degree murder , Montgomery County Police said in a statement . A second woman , who was briefly hospitalized after the incident , was also charged in the two deaths . Police believe she is not related to the family , but lived at the same residence in Germantown . Norell Harris , 1 , and his sister , Zyana Harris , 2 , suffered fatal stab wounds while their siblings , ages 5 and 8 , were hospitalized with injuries , authorities said . "  Cases like this are heartbreaking , " county Police Chief Tom Manger said . "  Our thoughts are with the family and friends of the victims . " Police said they found the four children Friday morning after a neighbor called 911 to report suspicious activity at the home . The neighbor reported seeing a car with a door open and a knife next to it . Exorcism is a ritual aimed at defeating purported evil spirits or demons . Authorities did not provide additional details on why they suspected exorcism . "  Investigators have learned that the two defendants believed that they were performing an exorcism . The investigation into this motive and other aspects of the crime continue at this point , " police said . Police were called to the home Thursday over reports of an unattended child in a car . By the time they got there , the child was not in the car and no one came to the door , authorities said . "  Prior to officers arriving , two women exited the townhouse , retrieved the child and re-entered the home , " Montgomery County Police said . "  Officers attempted to speak with the residents , but received no response at the door . " After the neighbor 's call , authorities notified county child protective services and asked them to follow up . It 's unclear whether they did . Both women are being held without bond . Information on their attorneys was not immediately available . Italian priests : Interest in exorcism increasing	Zakieya L. Avery , 28 , is charged with first-degree murder in the deaths of her kids A second woman is charged after she is released from hospital A day before the deaths , a neighbor called to report suspicious activity Authorities say they notified county child protective services
CNN  -- The United States avenged its defeat in last year 's FIFA Women 's World Cup final by beating Japan 2-1 to defend its Olympic title at London 's Wembley Stadium on Thursday . In front of 80,203 fans , a record for a women 's soccer match at the Games , the U.S. won a fourth Olympic gold in five tournaments thanks to a goal in each half from midfielder Carli Lloyd . Japan beat Pia Sundhage 's team in a dramatic penalty shootout at last year 's World Cup in Germany , but the Asian team could only offer Yuki Ogimi 's second-half goal in response . The U.S. got off to a perfect start when Lloyd met striker Alex Morgan 's cross with a brave header after eight minutes . The Japanese , guaranteed a historic first women 's football medal after beating France in the semifinals , were angered when a penalty was n't given for a Tobin Heath handball midway through the first half . Live blog : Olympic final as it happened After Japan hit the crossbar twice before halftime , Lloyd doubled her tally and the Americans ' lead with a stunning solo strike in the 55th minute . The 30-year-old curled a 20-yard shot into the net following a run which began inside her own half . Striker Ogimi offered Japan a lifeline when she bundled a shot into the net after U.S. captain Christie Rampone had failed to clear her lines . Rampone was at fault again when she gifted possession to substitute Mana Iwabuchi , who saw her shot athletically saved by Hope Solo . Japan pushed to find an equalizer but the U.S. held on . It could have been 3-1 , but striker Abby Wambach -- who finished the tournament with five goals -- headed over from a late corner . Canada , beaten 4-3 by the U.S. in a dramatic semifinal , clinched the bronze medal earlier on Thursday by beating France 1-0 in Coventry . France dominated large parts of the match , but Canada secured a first medal in this event when midfielder Diana Matheson capitalized on some loose defending to win the match in injury time .	Team USA beats Japan 2-1 to win Olympic women 's football gold Midfielder Carli Lloyd scores a goal in each half to secure fourth Olympic title Japan beat U.S. on penalties in last year 's FIFA Women 's World Cup final Canada clinches the bronze medal after beating France 1-0
London  CNN  -- Yahoo is slamming as "  completely unacceptable " a British agency 's alleged collection of digital images while eavesdropping on webcam chats , a spokesperson for the Internet search engine said Thursday . And Yahoo says if the electronic spying took place , the online mainstay had nothing to do with it . "  We are not aware nor would we condone this reported activity , " the spokesperson said following a published report by the UK-based Guardian newspaper that Britain 's Government Communications Headquarters , known as GCHQ , spied on people using Yahoo webcam chats , whether or not those users were investigative targets . According to the Guardian report , which cites documents leaked by former National Security Agency intelligence contractor Edward Snowden , the GCHQ collected the images under a program known as "  Optic Nerve . " The documents show , according to the Guardian , that the GCHQ -- with reported aid from the U.S. National Security Agency -- intercepted and stored the webcam images of millions of Internet users . If the report is true , it is "  completely unacceptable , " the Yahoo spokesperson said . The mass collection of digital images of Yahoo users began because GCHQ targets were known to use the search engine 's webcam , the documents said , according to the Guardian . During a six-month stretch in 2008 , the GCHQ allegedly collected images from webcam chats from 1.8 million Yahoo users globally , the newspaper reported . The still images were allegedly collected at five ` - minute intervals during the chats . One document , according to the Guardian , compared the collection of digital images to that of a massive digital police mugshot book . GCHQ declined to speak to the allegations , citing a longstanding policy that it does not comment on intelligence matters . "  Furthermore , all of GCHQ 's work is carried out in accordance with a strict legal and policy framework , which ensures that our activities are authorized , necessary and proportionate , and that there is rigorous oversight , " according to a statement released by the agency 's press office . GCHQ is not bound by the same rules that seek to limit the NSA collection of information on its citizens . However , according to the Guardian , there are additional legal authorizations required before the agency can search for data on suspected targets in believed to be in Britain . According to the documents , there was no mechanism in place to block the collection of data on U.S. and U.K. citizens , the Guardian reported . The leaked documents also allegedly provided insight into how the spy agency grappled with how to deal with the pornography it encountered in webcam chats . "  Unfortunately , it would appear that a surprising number of people use webcam conversations to show intimate part of their body to the other person , " one document said , according to the Guardian . The GCHQ estimated that up to 11 % of the digital images it collected from the webcam chats were explicit , the Guardian reported , citing the leaked documents . As a result , the GCHQ allegedly warned its analysts that some of the material collected may be offensive . "  User who feel uncomfortable about such material are advised not to open them , " one document said , according to the Guardian . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	"  We are not aware nor would we condone this reported activity , " a Yahoo official says A British agency ollected digital images of webcam chats , the Guardian reports The agency collected images of people whether or not they were targets , the news agency says The report was based on documents eaked by Edward Snowden , the Guardian reports
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's memorial service will take place Tuesday morning in the Staples Center , the 20,000-seat coliseum in downtown Los Angeles where Jackson rehearsed his show the night before he died , according to a person who has been briefed by a representative of the family . Michael Jackson was rehearsing at Los Angeles ' Staples Center . His memorial will now be there . No other details about the service , set to begin at 10 a.m. Tuesday , have been revealed . Thursday , CNN learned the family trust created by Jackson to receive all of his assets includes his mother , his children and a list of charities , according to a person with direct knowledge to the contents of the trust . Katherine Jackson 's 40 percent share would go to Michael Jackson 's three children after her death , the source said . The children -- ages 7 , 11 and 12 -- will also share 40 percent of the estate 's assets and the remaining 20 percent will benefits charities designated by the executors of the will , the source said . Jackson 's will did not specify where he wished to be buried . Many of his fans had hoped they 'd get a chance to pay last respects at Neverland Ranch , which Jackson purchased in 1987 , filled with animals and amusement rides , and named after the fictional world in J.M. Barrie 's "  Peter Pan . " Planning had been under way for a motorcade to carry Jackson 's body from Los Angeles to the ranch in Santa Barbara County , California , which state and local officials suggested would be difficult and costly . A public viewing at the ranch on Friday also had been under consideration , law enforcement sources said . Gregory Son , a 31-year-old musician , was among many fans who had planned to ride to the ranch to say goodbye to Jackson . "  I think he was a modern-day prophet , " Son said outside Grauman 's Chinese Theater in Hollywood . "  We kind of lost our father . " DEA joins investigation On Wednesday night , a federal law enforcement official said Wednesday night that the Drug Enforcement Administration had joined Jackson 's death investigation , once again fanning speculation that drugs may have been involved in the pop icon 's passing . Two law enforcement officials separately confirmed the DEA probe , saying agents would look at various doctors involved with Jackson , their practices and their possible sources of medicine supply . Neither official wanted to be identified because they could not comment publicly on the matter . Officially , a DEA spokeswoman referred questions to the Los Angeles , California , police department -- which would not confirm the involvement . "  We routinely offer assistance to any agency regarding the Federal Controlled Substance Act , " said Sarah Pullen of the DEA . "  However , at this time , we have nothing further to comment about the death of Michael Jackson . " Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died on June 25 at his rented estate in Holmby Hills . The cause of his death , at age 50 , was pending toxicology results . On Wednesday , police released a car belonging to Jackson 's cardiologist , Dr. Conrad Murray . They had impounded the vehicle Friday , saying it might contain evidence -- possibly prescription medications . Police did not say whether they found anything . Murray 's lawyers issued a statement , asking the public to reserve judgment about the cause of death until the coroner 's tests are complete . "  Based on our agreement with Los Angeles investigators , we are waiting on real information to come from viable sources like the Los Angeles medical examiner 's office about the death of Michael Jackson , " the statement said . "  We will not be responding to rumors and innuendo . " The comments were in reaction to a claim by a nutritionist who said Jackson suffered from severe bouts of insomnia and pleaded for the powerful sedative , Propofol , despite knowing its harmful effects . "  I told him this medication is not safe , " said Cherilyn Lee , a registered nurse . "  He said , ' I just want to get some sleep . You do n't understand . I just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep . ' " Will nominates Jackson 's mother as kids ' guardian Meanwhile , details of Jackson 's will -- written on July 7 , 2002 -- showed that the singer estimated his estate to be worth at least $ 500 million . In it , he nominated his mother , Katherine Jackson , as the guardian of his three children . If his 79-year-old mother is not living , "  I nominate Diana Ross as guardian , " Jackson stated . Singer Ross , 65 , is a lifelong friend of Jackson 's . The will said Jackson "  intentionally omitted " his former wife and the mother of his two oldest children , Debbie Rowe . It will be up to a court to decide who gets custody of the children , ages 7 , 11 and 12 . Rowe has not publicly indicated whether she will challenge the Jacksons for custody . The two men whom the will named as executors immediately filed a request to take control of the estate . One is John Branca , who represented Jackson from 1980 until 2006 and was hired again before the singer 's death . He helped acquire Jackson 's music catalog , which is worth millions . The other is music industry executive John McClain , a longtime Jackson friend who has worked with him and his sister Janet . The men said in their filing in Los Angeles Superior Court that control of the estate would allow them to tend to Jackson 's numerous outstanding debts , legal cases and business obligations . Judge Mitchell Beckloff held an emergency hearing Wednesday morning and decided there was no urgency to replace Katherine Jackson -- whom he appointed temporary administrator earlier this week . Another hearing has been set for Monday . -- CNN 's Drew Griffin , Kathleen Johnston , Michael Carey , Paul Vercammen , Carol Cratty and Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	NEW : Michael Jackson trust includes mother , children , charities Michael Jackson memorial to be Tuesday at L.A. 's Staples Center The Drug Enforcement Administration has joined Jackson 's death investigation Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Since his recent U.S. homecoming , the long-lost son has been baptized , a good Samaritan gave him an airline ticket and now he 's counting down the hours until Saturday morning -- when he will see his mother for the first time in 35 years . David Amaya Barrick , 37 , made national headlines when he tried to cross the U.S. border illegally from Mexico three weeks ago -- only to remember upon arrest by the U.S. Border Patrol that he was actually a U.S. citizen born in Chicago and maybe , just maybe , his birth certificate and his mother could be found to prove it . The Border Patrol did find both , and now mother Kathy Amaya will travel Saturday from Wisconsin to San Diego , California , to see and embrace her son for the first time since he was 2 years old . The reunion will be made more dramatic by how the son speaks only Spanish and the mother knows only English . David Amaya has been staying in the care of a San Diego church since the Border Patrol released him this month . "  They did n't believe me , " David Amaya said of the Border Patrol when they arrested him October 30 . In fact , they thought he and a Mexican man were both coyotes -- or smugglers -- guiding six Romanian nationals across a putrid flood-control channel along the Mexican border at Imperial Beach , California , said Border Patrol agents . "  They would tell me , no , that I was Mexican , " David Amaya said . "  I had to tell them the truth or they were going to send me to jail . " It 's a family saga that spans 1,800 miles of separation , lasting more than three decades . But in some ways , it 's only now that the mother-son relationship is really beginning . At one point , the mother nearly lost all hope of ever seeing her son again , unable to establish contact with him in central Mexico . Conflicting stories from mother and father It begins about 35 years ago when David Amaya Barrick 's father , estranged from his wife , took the boy from Chicago to San Luis Potosi , Mexico , to live with grandparents . His mother wrote letters to the grandparents ' home but they were never acknowledged . So the mother , now 60 , never knew of her son 's whereabouts for certain , she said . His parents later divorced , and his father told him a version of events that conflicts with the mother 's account . "  My dad told me that my mom had abandoned me at an orphanage center because she did n't love me , " David Amaya told CNN . "  He dropped me off with my grandparents and went back to Chicago . He almost never spent time with me . " But his mother said her estranged husband took the boy from the care of her sister on what seemed like a routine outing . The family was living in a neighborhood near Chicago 's Midway Airport , and when the boy was n't returned home promptly , the estranged husband told his wife that he had taken the boy to Mexico for a monthlong visit . But the month became a year , and a year became decades . Kathy Amaya begged her estranged husband to return the son back to the United States , but it did n't happen , she said . Kathy Amaya said her son was taken away when he was about 2 years old , but David Amaya remembers being 3 years old at the time . Perhaps they will better determine the exact time during their long-awaited reunion . The couple divorced in 1986 , but did n't settle on child custody in the divorce , Kathy Amaya said . So police were unable to help her , she said . She could n't find him on social media because she did n't know he was using her maiden name as part of his full name -- a common practice in Latin American countries . Amaya went on to have four other children and moved to Wisconsin , where she now lives in Chippewa Falls working as an assistant housekeeper at a hotel . The ex-husband could n't reached for comment by CNN . David Amaya was the only child his parents had together , and for now , he is withholding judgment on which parent 's account to believe . While Kathy Amaya does n't maintain contact with her ex-husband , David Amaya has been in touch with his father . The son will make up his mind on his parents ' conflicting stories when he 's able to talk with them side-by-side , he said . In the meantime , he 's enjoying his stay in San Diego so much that he 's planning on making his home there -- after reuniting with his mother in San Diego and then returning with her and her fianc  to Wisconsin for a visit there , he said . A drummer who played with a band in Mexico , David Amaya said he likes San Diego 's proximity to Mexico and its cultural atmosphere . Moreover , he 's taken a liking to a local church pastor , Freddy Rivas , who has helped Amaya with food and shelter since the Border Patrol released him . Amaya was recently baptized at the church . "  We fed him . We give him a warm bath . He had n't taken a shower in 10 days . He was dirty , and we clothed him , " Rivas said . ' I know what it feels to miss a mother ' Polite and attentive to visiting journalists , David Amaya appreciates how his odyssey from Mexico to the United States had a fortunate conclusion . Bandits earlier robbed him of his money and cell phone , leaving him with just his clothes on his back , he said . He did n't even have any identification when the U.S. Border Patrol arrested him , he said . During his years in San Luis Potosi , David Amaya married and had two children . But he 's now divorced , and his two children live with their mother in Mexico City . Two years ago , he moved to Monterrey , Mexico , he said . Once he settles in San Diego , he 's thinking of inviting his two children to visit him -- and possibly his ex-wife , "  but I ca n't force her , " he said . He will be spending his first Thanksgiving as a repatriated American with his mother in her Wisconsin home , where she lives with two of her children , both in their 20s . His airline ticket to Wisconsin was given as a gift by a stranger , Frank Tsimboukaikis , who heard of David Amaya 's story in the media . "  I immigrated here in ' 77 , so I saw my mother 12 times , and anyway she passed away this year , when I was over there " in Greece , Tsimboukaikis said , choking up . "  So I know what it feels to miss a mother -- and he never enjoyed -- so you know I said with my son , ` let 's do it ! ' " he said , his sentences broken up by overwhelming emotion . Tsimboukaikis just happened to visit and give Amaya the ticket while CNN was interviewing him .	David Amaya Barrick , 37 , will finally see his mother for the first time in about 35 years Their reunion will take place Saturday in San Diego 's airport The estranged husband took the boy to Mexico when he was about 2 years old The mom was unable to find her son until the U.S. Border Patrol recently arrested him
CNN  T.J. Maxx has pulled a T-shirt from its shelves after a shopper tweeted an image of the shirt featuring the phrase "  Hang Loose " and an illustration of a noose , leading to an uproar on social media . Beachwear company Tavik made the shirt , hence the surfing term "  Hang Loose , " but the inclusion of the noose led posters on social media to draw connections to lynching and suicide . "  In which a t-shirt company manages to be completely tone deaf in not one , but two ways , " one tweeter wrote . Tavik PR manager Kelly McElroy said the company regrets the design . "  We sincerely apologize for any offense caused by this T-shirt . This item was released without going through proper protocols and is not related to anything other than surfing . " "  At T.J. Maxx , we take product matters very seriously and appreciate that this T-shirt was brought to our attention , " T.J. Maxx spokeswoman Doreen Thompson said . "  As soon as we became aware of the offensive T-shirt message , we initiated the process to remove this item from our stores . "  We mistakenly purchased a few hundred units of the item , and unfortunately , with thousands of products coming into each of our stores every week , our product review process missed this item . We would like to apologize to our customers for any offense this may have caused . " Tavik is taking steps to make sure the shirt is n't sold elsewhere . "  This T-shirt will not be sold by TAVIK or any other retailer , " McElroy wrote in an email . "  We immediately pulled this item from all retailers and have destroyed our remaining units . "	T.J. Maxx pulled a T-shirt many found offensive from shelves after social media complaint The shirt , made by Tavik , says "  Hang Loose " and features an image of a noose The retailer and clothing maker have apologized
CNN  -- Major League Baseball is to investigate a possible racially motivated incident involving Baltimore Orioles centerfield Adam Jones during their game at San Francisco Giants Sunday . Jones took to Twitter to claim that a fan threw a banana at him during the ninth inning at AT&T Park . Jones , who is an African-American , voiced his displeasure on his official account . "  I want to thank whatever slap -- threw that banana towards my direction in the last inning , " he posted . "  Way to show  your  class  you  jack -- " MLB Senior Vice President of Public Relations Patrick Courtney told CNN Sports Monday : "  We are looking into this situation . " San Francisco also promised action , but in a statement released to CNN said they had to date been unable to identify the person responsible . "  The Giants have a zero tolerance policy against this type of behavior , which results in immediate ejection from the ballpark , " it read . "  We would like to extend our sincerest apologies to Adam and the entire Orioles organization for this unfortunate incident . "  The inappropriate actions of this individual in no way reflect the values of our organization and our fans . " The Orioles enjoyed a 10-2 victory over last season 's World Series winners , rallying from an early two-run deficit to score 10 unanswered runs . Jones hit a three-run homer at the top of the ninth inning to help clinch the victory . He said the reaction of some on Twitter to his angry posting could mean him closing his account . "  Good chance this means I get off social media soon , " he later tweeted .	MLB to investigate incident at Orioles/Giants game Sunday Orioles centerfield Adam Jones angry after claiming a fan threw a banana at him Jones took to Twitter to voice his displeasure Giants apologize for the incident
OPRAH.com  -- Attention single ladies ! Comedian Steve Harvey , the best-selling author of "  Act Like a Lady , Think Like Man " and a self-professed expert on manhood , is here to take you inside the male mind . Comedian Steve Harvey says real men like to provide and protect , but some also like to cheat . Whether you 're looking for Mr. Right or trying to forget Mr. Wrong , Steve is n't holding anything back . Many women have long lists that describe what they 're looking for in a man ... but are their standards simply too high ? Yinka and Lynell are two 30-something friends who have long lists . They 're here to ask Steve if they 'll ever find a man who meets all their requirements . Lynell says she 's looking for a God-fearing , spontaneous African-American millionaire with straight teeth and nice shoes who wants children ... among other things . "  That would be the Lord , " Steve jokes . "  I 'll be trying to meet him the same time you do . " If a woman is serious about her list , Steve says she should ask herself one question before turning down a date . "  Are you willing to be the same thing to him that you 're talking about on that list ? " he says . "  A lot of women are not . " In general , do women even need a list ? Steve says single ladies do need to set standards . "  I think lists are great . You 've got to have them . You 've got to know what you 're looking for , " he says . "  Without standards , you settle for stuff . " Before you get discouraged , Steve reminds women to stay patient and remember that real men are n't afraid of standards and requirements . "  You 've got to wait on this guy to come along . He 's coming . He 's out there . He 's already created . God has already made him , " he says . "  He has a job . He 's wearing the clothes you like . He 's walking around . You 're not waiting on him to be born . He exists today . All you 've got to do is stay patient . " Why do many successful , independent women have a hard time finding love ? There are millions of smart , beautiful women around the world who ca n't figure out why they 're unlucky in love , including a group of friends from New York . Steve is here to set them straight . Steve says many successful women dated good men but did n't know it at the time . "  You do n't know the DNA of a good man , " he says . Even if you look like a million bucks -- and you have a few million in the bank -- Steve says a woman needs to know how a man shows his love . It 's all about the "  three P 's . " Oprah.com : Can a list help you find love ? "  We profess , we provide and we protect , " he says . "  A man has got to see where he fits into the providing and protecting role . If you 've got everything , you can do everything , you 've got your own car ... you 've got a guard dog and a handgun . The guy is thinking , ` Where do I fit in here ? ' "  You 've got to make a space for him to fit in so he can come in and do what men do . " Steve does n't advise women to downplay their success or pack up their designer shoes . Instead , he says strong women have to walk a thin line . "  You ca n't let your independence and your ability to take care of yourself be the dominant factor of who you are , " he says . "  You know how many times I hear women say : ' I do n't need a man . I 've got this . Why do n't a man just come to me ? ' Just like you 're saying it , you 're projecting it . If you 're projecting it , where does a man fit in there ? Just relax . " Oprah.com : How to act like a lady , think like a man After a few dates , some guys just stop returning calls and texts . Even if they are n't interested , do n't they want closure ? Steve has a simple answer to this question ... no . "  Ladies , you 're not going to get closure from a man , " he says . "  We do n't do closure . And you know why ? Because we do n't even know you 're having an issue . We 're stupid . " If you 're hoping for a courtesy call , Steve says you can forget about that too . "  We 're not courteous . Listen , it 's not in our DNA as great communicators anyway , " he says . "  See women keep waiting on closure . Bring it on . If you want closure , close . Move on with your life . " How important is sex in a relationship ? Sex , or "  the cookie " as Steve calls it in his book , is a major point of contention for many couples . If you do n't think it 's important to your man , Steve says you 're wrong . "  It 's critical , " he says . "  It 's one of the three things that a man has to have . A man has to have love , support and the cookie . -LSB- If -RSB- anyone of those three things is missing in the relationship , he 's going to go get it somewhere else . " If a man is cheating or has the intention to cheat , why pursue commitment with one woman ? Michele found out her boyfriend of many years was cheating after he told her he was ready to settle down and get married . The male mind may be a mystery to women , but Steve says there 's a simple explanation for this behavior . "  A man having sex outside of his relationship is very different from -LSB- a woman -RSB- , " he says . "  Once we shower and wash off , we cool . "  Please know that about a man . If he 's going to cheat , it has nothing to do with his emotional attachment to you or his feelings for you . " Steve says cheaters make promises to their significant others because they know that 's what women want to hear . "  Michele , there 's nothing wrong with you . You have n't done anything , " he says . "  Please release yourself . Let the baggage go . " Sadly , many women have dated men who cheat ... and most of them do n't even know it . Steve says there are a few major reasons why men stray , though none of them excuse the behavior . The top 5 reasons :  They can  They think they can get away with it  The man has n't become who he wants and needs to be or found who he truly wants to be with .  What 's happening at home is n't "  happening " like it used to .  There 's always a woman out there willing to cheat with him . If you 're married to a mama 's boy , is there anything a wife can do to become the number one woman in his life ? Before Jill married her husband of 13 years , she says she knew he was a mama 's boy . Over the years , she 's grown tired of coming in second . Steve says the first mistake women like Jill make is thinking they can change their men . "  You think if you give him enough cookie , bake it just right , he 'll straighten up , " he says . "  That 's not what happens with a mama 's boy . " Men stay in this adolescent mind-set because their mothers set standards when they were boys and upheld those standards throughout their lives , Steve says . Wives must enter into their marriages with their own set of rules to stand a chance . Oprah.com : Get more of Steve 's love advice ! "  You have to start saying : ` Hey , look , you have to respect me . You have to be here to show your son how a man treats a woman . You have to be here to show your daughter how a man should treat her , ' " he says . " ` You ca n't do it if you 're playing me second to your mama . ' " If that does n't work , Steve suggests appealing to the "  three Ps " -- profess , provide and protect . "  If you do n't say to your man : ` Okay , look , next time she calls , do not leave us in the middle of the night . We 're unprotected , ' " he says . "  Every man has it in his DNA to do these things when we love you . When you call on it and require it , we rise to the occasion . " From The Oprah Winfrey Show  2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Looking for a man ? Know what you want , Steve Harvey says A man must feel he can provide and protect his woman , he says Harvey 's Top 5 reasons men cheat includes other women who are willing One of Harvey 's tips for curing a mama 's boy : Demand respect
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- There 's an innocence to Jessica Biel , she says . The actress , who has starred in "  The Illusionist " and "  I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry , " wanted to tap into her childlike side for "  Planet 51 , " a new animated film about an Earth astronaut who lands on a faraway planet that has much in common with 1950s America -- except for the aliens . "  I love that kind of throwback to a more of innocent time and a simpler time and more conservative , " she told CNN . "  There 's something just kind of attractive about that , those kinds of qualities to me , and I just thought it would be fun . " "  Planet 51 , " which also features the voice work of Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson , Justin Long and Gary Oldman , opens Friday . Biel sat down with CNN to talk about the film , the challenges of voice work and the difficulty of finding good roles for actresses . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Why did you choose to do something animated ? Jessica Biel : I think I chose this part because I 'm kind of a kid at heart and I really thought the story was so sweet and fun . ... I was n't doing anything . I was able to work in town , at home in L.A. , which is so rare . CNN : You could probably wear your pajamas to work . Biel : Pretty much . Roll in , no hair and makeup . I just always wanted to be a voice in some great movie where some little girl loves my character . CNN : Did you get to meet -LSB- your co-stars -RSB- when you were doing the voices ? Biel : I never saw them , never met them . I mean , I know Dwayne , I 've known Dwayne for a long time . I met Justin before , but I never saw them once . It was such an interesting experience to be there by yourself kind of going through it . But ... it goes fast . You 're there , it 's fast , it 's fun . CNN : Who 's your character ? Biel : I play Neera , who is this lovely 16-year-old girl . ... She 's insecure about boys but also has a sense of confidence for herself , very independent , and is not listening to what the government is saying about this alien -LSB- the Earthling -RSB- who 's landed on her planet . She is standing up on her own two feet , thinking for herself . ... So she 's , you know , she 's trying to find out who she is as a woman . CNN : You do have a strong female character and it 's such a good role model for young girls . Is it hard to find that in films today ? Biel : It is . It 's very hard . I mean , honestly , it 's just rare to find a story about a woman 's experience , about a young girl 's experience . For some reason nobody wants to make those movies . And it 's really hard because there are so many talented women and there are not enough projects for everybody to really blossom and explore . So it 's quite competitive because there 's a small amount of material . CNN : Is it hard for Hollywood to write those kinds of roles ? Biel : I do n't know what it is . I 'm still trying to decipher that .	Jessica Biel lends her voice to animated film "  Planet 51 " Actress wanted something that reflected her childlike side Biel says it 's hard to find roles for women that reflect strength and character
CNN  -- From the Epic of Gilgamesh , composed in Mesopotamia 4,000 years ago , to Evan Almighty -- Hollywood 's 2007 take on the Noah 's Ark story -- floods and their catastrophic effects have long provided inspiration for storytellers . As global warming provokes increasingly severe weather events , however , the gap between art and life is fast narrowing , with apocalyptic flooding scenarios now as common in reality as in the imaginations of Hollywood scriptwriters . Recent flooding in the UK , for example -- the worst for 60 years -- left some 30,000 people homeless and the insurance industry facing over # 3 billion  $ 6 billion  in payouts . Torrential rains in India , Nepal and Bangladesh have caused even greater misery , claiming hundreds of lives and displacing an estimated 20 million civilians . In the U.S. , meanwhile , New Orleans continues to suffer from the ravages of 2005 's Hurricaine Katrina , with much of the city still empty and uninhabitable two years after the deluge . With low-lying areas around the world increasingly susceptible to flooding -- this at a time when population growth has necessitated the construction of more and more homes in such areas -- the question of how to balance the need for housing with the dangers of rising water levels has never been more pressing . In the Netherlands , where half the country lies below mean sea level and flooding has long been a fact of life , construction and engineering company Dura Vermeer has come up with a novel and , when you think about it , obvious solution to the problem : houses that float . "  These type of homes offer a good way of dealing with the effects of climate change , " Dura Vermeer spokesman Johan van der Pol told CNN . "  Unlike normal houses , they are extremely flexible when it comes to flooding , able to deal with a sea level rise of up to five metres . "  In a country such as Holland , where flooding is a serious problem , this sort of technology could have an extremely important role to play . " The company has developed two variations on the same theme : a floating house which , as the name suggests , sits permanently on the water like a boat ; and an amphibious house that stands on dry land but , in the event of floods , is able to rise with the water . Both employ a large hollow concrete cube at their base to provide buoyancy , and are "  moored " in pairs to huge steel piles to keep them anchored in one place , the piles enabling them to withstand currents as strong as you would find on the open seas . Water and electricity are brought in through flexible pipes that have been adapted to bend and move with the swell of the water . In every other respect they look and feel like normal homes -- albeit up-market designer homes -- with split-level accommodation , wooden balconies and clapboard exteriors painted cheery shades of yellow , green and blue . "  The steel piles mean that residents experience no horizontal , side-to-side movement , " explains van der Pol . "  Although there is a small amount of vertical , up and down movement , most residents say they find the feeling quite enjoyable . "  These houses not only offer protection against floods , but also great quality of living and low environmental impact . " So far Dura Vermeer has built 46 such water-friendly units - 14 floating and 32 amphibious - at Maasbommel , on the banks of the River Maas in Gelderland province in the centre of the country . The technology and design -- the latter provided by Dutch architectural firm Factor Architecten -- took three years to develop , although obtaining a government green light for the project took considerably longer . "  After the disastrous floods of 1995 the Dutch government laid down strict rules forbidding the building of houses beside rivers . "  We had a lot of discussion with them and eventually those rules were adapted to allow for the construction of suitable housing at fifteen separate river locations , of which Maasbommel is one . "  Our philosophy is that you can look at water as a threat , but also as a challenge and a commercial opportunity . Combining water and housing is the obvious way forward in countries such as the Netherlands . " Floating buildings are certainly not the only way of achieving such a combination . Dura Vermeer is also developing what they term "  dry-proof " and "  wet-proof " houses , the former designed to prevent water intrusion , the latter to actually allow it . "  The idea with wet-proof houses is that all the essential rooms -- living room , kitchen , bedroom - are on the upper floors , " explains van der Pol . "  In the event of a flood you open the doors and allow the water to enter the non-essential lower rooms , which have been specially designed to resist water damage , with waterproof plaster and specially adapted electrics and plumbing . "  It is how houses in Holland always used to be built . " If there are a number of technological options , however , it is the idea of a floating house , one that can withstand rising water levels by literally rising with them , that has attracted the most interest , both within the Netherlands and from countries with similar flooding issues . "  There have been enquiries from around the world , " says van der Pol . "  We are now working with companies in the Far East , Asia , America and elsewhere in Europe , although we ourselves will only be building houses in Holland . " The houses are certainly not being touted as an alternative to conventional flood defenses such as dykes , levees and river barriers . Nor are they cheap , their starting price of 260,000 euros  $ 310,000  meaning that , in terms of mass construction , it is only the world 's more affluent nations that will be able to afford them  although as van der Pol points out , developing countries such as Bangladesh tend to use materials other than concrete to build houses , so probably would have much use for these type of structures anyway . In Europe , the U.S , and Canada , on the other hand , such buildings could well become the norm , with Dura Vermeer and a number of other Dutch companies already exploring the possibility of entire cities built in this manner . With scientists predicting sea-level rises of up to 110 cms  43 inches  by 2100 , and catastrophic weather events becoming ever more common , the floating house could be the only realistic way for people to continue living in low-lying areas without fear of losing their homes , possessions and even lives to flooding . As Dutch Housing Minister Sybilla Dekker recently put it : "  You can not fight water . You have to learn how to live with it . " Or in this case , float on it . ... . Are floating houses the answer to rising sea levels ? Would you live in a floating home ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum .	Dutch company develops range of floating and amphibious houses Homes built on air-filled concrete cubes that rise with floods Entire floating cities now being planned
Rival Libyan militias battled for Tripoli International Airport on Sunday , leaving nine people dead and 25 others wounded , the government said . Shelling was threatening civilians as violence stretched along the airport road , which is dotted with residential neighborhoods . All flights in and out of the airport have been suspended . CNN personnel could hear gunfire and blasts throughout the day . Heavy smoke billowed above the airport . While the government issued a statement calling for calm , Libya 's government is weak and militias outnumber and outgun its security forces . Many of the armed groups are on the state 's payroll . These circumstances make it very difficult for the government to gain control over this latest increasingly volatile and violent situation . State-run al-Rasmiya television gave the death toll , citing Libya 's Health Ministry . Brigades from the Zintan militia have controlled the airport since the Libyan civil war in 2011 . Other militias have tried to wrest control of the airport from the Zintan brigades for years . Armed vehicles gathered in the area overnight before fighting broke out around dawn Sunday , witnesses said . "  The revolutionary brigades are inside Tripoli International Airport , " the Libyan Revolutionaries Operations Room , an Islamist militia in the capital , posted on its Facebook page . "  The revolutionary forces have reached the perimeter of Tripoli International Airport ... clashes with some of the armed groups present there , " the group said . State-owned Afriqiyah Airways said on its official Facebook page that it was diverting some of its international arrivals to the city of Misrata , and that the airport in Tripoli would be closed until July 17 . Late Sunday morning , the sounds of fighting could also be heard in the vicinity of a Zintan base in a western suburb of Tripoli . Libya 's interim government released a statement Sunday that said regional brigades and "  field commanders " are carrying out "  operations , " and they moved on Tripoli Airport with "  no order or legitimate cover , coming from different directions ... " The government is in talks with what the statement called the international community so that lives and "  vital installations " are protected . Stop "  these acts of war , " the statement implored . A state of emergency in all hospitals and clinics was issued . Hugh Robertson , the United Kingdom 's minister for the Middle East , urges an immediate end to violence at Tripoli International Airport . Robertson said the violence was "  putting the lives of people in the area in grave danger . "  We urge all sides to cease violence immediately and to engage in meaningful dialogue , " he said . In a statement the night before the fighting erupted , the U.S. State Department expressed concern about what it said was the "  ongoing violence in Libya and dangerous posturing that could lead to widespread conflict there . " The U.S. renewed its calls for national dialogue in Libya . Even though Libyans successfully toppled the 42-year rule of Moammar Gadhafi in 2011 , the country is far from stable . Armed militias are now the biggest challenge . The international community has largely agreed that the key to resolving Libya 's crisis is national dialogue . But a weak central government -- combined with militias split along regional , tribal and ideological lines -- has added to the challenge . "  The United States is deeply concerned by the ongoing violence in Libya and dangerous posturing that could lead to widespread conflict there , " the State Department said in a statement Saturday . "  We affirm our support for Libya 's democratic transition and urge the seating of the new Council of Representatives as soon as possible , " the statement added . "  Finally , we stress the vital role Libya 's Constitution Drafting Assembly plays in building the new country for which Libyans sacrificed so much during the revolution . "	National airline announces airport will be closed until July 17 Fighting is threatening civilians with violence happening also along airport road Brigades from Zintan have controlled the airport since 2011
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- The father of a 21-year-old foreign exchange student nabbed by anti-terrorism teams in New York over an alleged plot to blow up Manhattan 's Federal Reserve Bank says his son is a timid man who was often scared to travel alone and that he simply does n't believe the terror accusations . "  I do n't believe my son has any link to any terror groups , " said Quazi Mohammad Ahsanullah , a banker in Dhaka . "  I urge the government of Bangladesh to bring back my son . " He said he learned of his son 's capture after a relative phoned him Thursday and told him to turn on the news on television . "  We 're really stunned , " he said . "  We could n't believe our eyes . ... We could n't believe our ears . It came to us out of the blue . " Terror plotting : Bravado or sincerity Federal authorities in New York arrested Quazi Mohammad Rezwanual Ahsan Nafis on Wednesday after they say he tried to detonate what he thought was a 1,000-pound bomb , using his cell phone as a trigger . Inspired by al Qaeda , they say , Nafis now faces a slew of terror charges with evidence largely derived from an undercover agent that the Bangladeshi national allegedly contacted to help further his plot . But Ahsanullah instead described his son as a shy young man who left college in Missouri after one semester because of the expense and took a job in New York , working 10-hour days at a hotel . During his short time at the school , Southeast Missouri State University , Nafis was elected an officer of the Muslim Student Association , a school official said . "  He was elected vice president at the very end of the spring semester . But since he left our university shortly thereafter , his tenure as an officer was very short-lived , " Ann Hayes said . Bangladesh police on Thursday started investigating whether Nafis had any terror link , police said . "  We 're not officially informed by the United States about the alleged plot and the subsequent detention , but we 're looking into if Nafis had any terror link before leaving Dhaka , " Monirul Islam , chief of the detective police in Dhaka , told CNN . The detective police in Dhaka picked up the parents and some other relatives of Nafis from their Jatrabari residence and questioned them about his past activities on Thursday evening local time . "  We have n't arrested anyone ... we 've brought them to know some information regarding Nafis , " Islam said adding , "  We 've just started the investigation , and we 're yet to find any terror link of Nafis ... but we 'll continue the investigation and interrogate more people who know Nafis . It may be his friends , teachers , neighbors and others . " Nafis graduated high school in 2006 and got his higher secondary school certificate examinations in 2008 before he enrolled with the country 's leading private university , North South University , in Dhaka . As the authorities in New York alleged that Nafis traveled to the United States with "  the purpose of conducting a terrorist attack " and actively sought out al Qaeda contacts after his arrival , his father claimed that he had allowed him to go to the United States for a better future . "  I ca n't believe this because as a father I found him very timid ... sometimes he was even scared of traveling alone , " Ahsanullah said . CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Quazi Mohammad Ahsanullah : "  I do n't believe my son has any link to any terror groups " Federal authorities arrested Quazi Mohammad Rezwanual Ahsan Nafis on Wednesday They say he tried to detonate what he thought was a 1,000-pound bomb Bangladeshi police on Thursday started investigating whether Nafis had any terror link
Ciudad Juarez , Mexico  CNN  -- In one of Mexico 's most violent cities , it was a startling scene : clinics closed , with no doctors to treat patients . Doctors in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , said Monday that they would stop working for 24 hours to demand that the government do more to deal with the violence ravaging their city . "  Many of us have been asked to save the lives of burglars , extorters and kidnappers of our own colleagues . It 's outrageous that we are saving the lives of people that are attacking and killing us , and we are going to look for the legal means to avoid doing that , " said Alejandro Flores , a member of the Citizens ' Committee of Ciudad Juarez Doctors . Banners hanging outside hospitals and clinics in Ciudad Juarez -- located across the border from El Paso , Texas -- read : "  Stop impunity . We demand justice . " "  We know that patients have the right to healthcare , but nonetheless , we the doctors can not offer our services if we live trapped in our homes for fear of going out to work , if we are kidnapped , or even worse , if we lose our lives , killed with impunity , " a statement from the doctors ' organization said . The statement noted the recent deaths of three colleagues -- one who died in a car bomb explosion , and two others who died after being kidnapped . The group also issued a list of demands that they asked authorities to meet within seven days , including releasing more information about an investigation into the recent killings of two doctors and bringing more federal agents to the city to investigate unsolved crimes . "  The doctors feel that there is no protection . There are no guarantees of security from the police or the government , " attorney Angel de la Torre said . Journalists Arturo Chacon and Edgar Roman contributed to this report .	Doctors say they are increasingly the victims of violence One says they want to deny treatment to criminals A group demands that more federal agents investigate unsolved crimes The protest occurs in Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas
