CNN  -- If it was left up to Bubba Watson , he 'd be at home changing diapers instead of defending his New Orleans title this week . Ahead of Thursday 's opening round at the Zurich Classic , reigning champ Bubba admitted he 'd rather be caring for his adopted baby boy Caleb than on the green at TPC Louisiana . In fact , the 33-year-old Masters champion is so unconcerned with his golfing triumphs , he has n't even touched the coveted green jacket won in Augusta earlier this month . Well , only to post a picture of it on Twitter hanging next to Caleb 's identical tiny outfit . "  Truthfully , I have n't thought about being a major champ , " he told reporters . Just over a month after adopting Caleb with wife Angie , the devout Christian insisted : "  It 's all about my son and being a better husband . "  I have n't seen the green jacket , the green jacket 's been hanging in the closet since the Wednesday of all the media stuff so I have n't touched it since then . I held the baby jacket right up next to it for the Twitter photo but I have n't touched it , I have n't thought about winning . " But with money raised from the Fore!Kids Foundation throughout the tournament going towards helping rebuild a city still struggling in the aftermath of 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , big-hearted Bubba admitted the Zurich Classic was simply too important an event to miss . Plus there 's the fans who will be hoping to catch a glimpse of the reigning champ hitting the type of miraculous shot that won him the trophy in Augusta . Bubba burst into tears after escaping out of woods on the 10th fairway in a playoff against South Africa 's Louis Oosthuizen . But despite bawling on his mother 's shoulder in front of the media scrum , Watson insists he is unfazed by his wins . At New Orleans , there are more important things at stake . "  I thought about coming here because I owed it to the fans being the defending champion , " he said . "  Winning a tournament , no matter if it 's a major or not , it 's a big deal , it 's a major event for that city as it is about raising charity dollars -- especially round this place . They would love some charity dollars to build the city back up to where it used to be . " Fresh from the media whirlwind that has surrounded him since taking the Masters , Bubba played up to his "  average Joe " appeal . "  I 'm just Bubba from Bagdad , Florida , " he said . "  Small town . Play golf because it 's fun . Every day is different . Some days it 's windy , some days it 's not , some days the ground is firm , some days it 's wet . You wake up , it 's always a challenge . So you always challenge yourself , you always set goals for yourself , " he said . "  I think that resonates -- that 's a big word , there -- with everybody . It resonates with everybody because I 'm from a small town , I played public golf courses growing up , and I think that everybody can see that . "  Everybody can see that my swing is homegrown . That means everybody has a chance to do it . Hard work , dedication , practice and the drive to do it and not worry about what other people say . "	Zurich Classic champion Bubba Watson taking a break from his duties as a father Masters winner says he has n't even touched green jacket after Augusta victory Returning to New Orleans out of obligation to fans and charity The 33-year-old Christian insists he 's just an "  average joe "
CNN  -- A Florida woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a lottery millionaire , whose body was found buried under recently added concrete at a home , authorities said . Dorice Donegan Moore , 37 , was arrested Tuesday evening on charges of accessory after the fact regarding a first-degree murder in the death of Abraham Shakespeare , 43 , said Hillsborough County Sheriff David Gee . Moore befriended Shakespeare after he won a $ 31 million Florida lottery prize in 2006 and was named a person of interest in the case after Shakespeare went missing , authorities said . Before her arrest , Moore proclaimed her innocence during a tearful , impromptu news conference outside her home . She said was planning to help Shakespeare write a book about the challenges of winning millions and that she was helping him manage the money . "  Abraham had a life of drama because of the money , " she told CNN affiliate WTSP . "  The money was like a curse to him . And now it has become a curse to me . " Moore might have committed fraud to obtain parts of Shakespeare 's fortune , and she bought lime to deal with his body and was trying to find someone to move the corpse to another location , Gee said . Shakespeare was killed on April 6 or April 7 , and Moore has admitted trying to convince Shakespeare 's family members that he was still alive , Gee said . "  In December 2009 , Dorice Moore wrote a letter to the victim 's mother , claiming to be the victim and to be all right , " Gee said . "  Dorice Moore also used the victim 's cell phone and sent text messages to the victim 's family . " Deputies found Shakespeare 's body outside a home in Plant City late January after receiving a tip from an associate of Moore , Gee said . Moore could face more charges , and authorities are looking for other suspects , Gee said . Reporters were at the scene during Moore 's arrest Tuesday and she again denied having anything to do with Shakespeare 's death as she was led to a police cruiser in handcuffs , WTSP reported . "  I 'm deeply saddened for his family , " Moore said .	Dorice Moore says she helped manage Abraham Shakespeare 's lottery winnings Shakespeare 's remains were recently found buried under concrete slab Authorities : Moore tried to convince Shakespeare 's family that he was still alive
Camp Verde , Arizona  CNN  -- The eighth day in the trial of a formal spiritual retreat leader charged with manslaughter after a deadly sweat lodge ceremony concluded Friday with emotional testimony from the roommate of one of the victims . Self-help author and James Arthur Ray is accused of three counts of manslaughter in the deaths of three people who were in the sweat lodge for the purification ceremony . If convicted , he could face up to 10 years in prison on each count . Witness Beverley Bunn , who roomed with victim Kirby Brown during the five-day retreat in 2009 , went through an exhaustive examination Friday , recounting all eight rounds of the sweat lodge purification ceremony . Each round lasted 10 to 15 minutes . While they were not prevented from leaving , participants have said they were encouraged to wait until the breaks between rounds . Bunn grew emotional while recalling a horrifying scene after the ceremony ended , describing people tripping over others in their haste to leave the searing hot tent , while others lay unconscious outside . "  As I was getting ready to leave , there was two gentlemen in front of me who were dragging another lifeless person out . One man would pull her arms and another would push . ... They  dragged  her all the way to the door , " she testified . She also described seeing her stricken roommate . "  I was passing Kirby , and there was some snorting or snoring sounds coming from her , " she said . "  It was like a gurgling snorting sound . " Other participants had mucus bubbling from their mouths , and one man opened his eyes to reveal burst blood vessels , she said . Brown , 38 , of Westtown , New York , and James Shore , 40 , of Milwaukee , died the night of the event . Volunteer Lizbeth Marie Neuman , 49 , of Prior Lake , Minnesota , died nine days after the ceremony . Prosecutors maintain Ray psychologically pressured participants to remain in the lodge even when they were n't feeling well , contributing to the deaths of the three victims . The defense has argued the incident was "  a tragic accident " and that participants had a free choice to take part in the activities or leave if they became too intense . Bunn , however , testified Friday that over the course of the five-day retreat Ray instilled a directive among the participants : "  Play full on . " "  You learn through the course of the week that you do n't question Mr. Ray on anything , " Bunn testified . "  You know what the rules are -- things are not optional . "  As you go through the week you learn that there 's consequences or reprimand for you to be called out ... if you question Mr. Ray or do n't play full on . " Bunn is scheduled to return to the witness stand when the trial resumes Tuesday . Jurors on Wednesday heard a recording in which Ray previewed the intense ceremony and told participants how it would be a "  death and rebirth experience . " He told participants it would include the most "  intense heat you 've every experienced in your life . You will feel like you are going to die . " The author described the October 2009 ceremony as a sacred way for participants to rid themselves of "  all the things that you 've allowed to be your truth and have caused you to sell yourself short . " In the recording , Ray told participants , who paid up to $ 10,000 each to attend the event , that as "  true spiritual warriors " and in their "  altered state " they would endure heat so intense it would make it feel like their skins was coming off of their bodies . "  I will be right there with you , " he said . "  You will have to get to a point where you surrender to death , " Ray said . "  When you are going into the lodge symbolically you are going back into the womb of Mother Earth . " "  It is such a great metaphor , " the author said . " ... My body dies but I never die . " Prosecutors argue that the lodge -- made of willow trees and branches , and covered with tarpaulins and blankets -- was heated to perilously high temperatures , causing the participants to suffer dehydration and heatstroke . During his recorded talk , Ray repeatedly told participants to drink plenty of fluids . At least 15 others who took part in the ritual fell ill , but more than 40 others were uninjured . CNN 's Daniel Lewis and InSession 's Beth Karas contributed to this report .	Beverley Bunn roomed with one of the three victims at the 2009 retreat Self-help author and retreat leader James Ray is charged with manslaughter Defense calls the incident "  a tragic accident "
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama defended the Senate Intelligence Committee 's decision Tuesday to release a controversial torture report , arguing that while there was never a "  perfect " time to release the report , it 's important to publicly admit that the country made mistakes . "  One of the things that sets us apart from other countries is when we make mistakes , we admit them , " Obama said in an interview with "  Telemundo " on Tuesday that aired simultaneously on Univision . "  We did some things that violated who we are as a people , " he added . The report , which details the CIA 's extreme interrogation techniques used on terrorists after the September 11th attacks , was released by the Senate Intelligence Committee despite a last-minute pleas from Secretary of State John Kerry and members of Congress not to release the information to the public at this time , fearing that its release could spark global attacks against Americans . While the President acknowledged those concerns , he said his administration has taken precautionary measures around the world to prepare for any type of global reaction . Earlier Tuesday , the CIA Director John Brennan defended the techniques outlined in the report , saying that the interrogations "  did produce intelligence that helped thwart attack plans , capture terrorists and save lives . " But Obama contested their reasoning to Univision 's Jorge Ramos arguing , "  The information we get is n't necessarily better than doing things the right way . " Under his administration , Obama would n't say if any types of torturous interrogation techniques have been used on detainees , but he asserted that if they were , they would not be tolerated and that perpetrators would be ` held into account ' for breaking the law . Moving forward , Obama says he will effort ways to hold the CIA accountable for the way it treats detainees , in order to ensure that some of the techniques outlined in the report are n't used again . "  The lines of accountability that needed to be set up were n't always in place , " the President told Diaz-Balart . In a hypothetical situation -- where the U.S. was attacked in a similar way as it was on September 11th -- the President said that he still would not condone the types of torture techniques described in the report , and that he is trying to put accountability systems in place now , should that become a problem in the future .	President Barack Obama defended the release of a new report outlining Bush-era CIA interrogation tactics Obama was interviewed by Telemundo , which was aired simultaneously on Univision
CNN  -- No wonder Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher were so affectionate at a recent Clippers game : The couple are reportedly expecting a baby . "  They are both very , very happy , " a friend of theirs tells People magazine . "  It 's still early . " Kunis , 30 , and Kutcher , 36 , are also said to be engaged . Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher : A love story Reps for the stars have n't commented on the engagement or baby reports , but the actors have made no attempts at hiding their status . At the Clippers game Saturday in Los Angeles , Kunis ' large diamond was in full view for all to see -- especially once the couple were caught on the kiss cam . The former "  That '70s Show " co-stars were sitting courtside when the cameras panned down to their choice seats , and a bashful Kunis initially did n't know how to react . But after Kutcher moved his cap and leaned in for a kiss , Kunis obliged , much to the amusement of the cheering crowd . The couple might soon lock lips on camera once again when Kunis guest stars on Kutcher 's CBS comedy , "  Two and a Half Men . " In an upcoming episode , Kunis will portray Vivian , a beautiful free spirit who catches the eye of Kutcher 's character , Walden , right before he 's supposed to propose to another woman .	Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher are reportedly expecting a baby The couple are also said to be engaged At a Clippers game , they were caught on a kiss cam
CNN  -- Netflix and Amazon are adding several new titles to their collections for the month of May . There are '80s classics like "  Adventures in Babysitting " and "  The Big Chill , " plus a huge selection of James Bond and Godzilla movies . And with Amazon 's recent deal with HBO , some of the cable network 's programming is going to arrive on Amazon this month . Never seen "  The Sopranos , " "  The Wire " or "  Deadwood " ? Here 's another chance to catch up . Here 's what you should look for on Netflix : May 1 : "  Adventures in Babysitting "  1987 "  Boys Do n't Cry "  1999 "  Broadway Idiot "  2013 "  Forrest Gump "  1994 "  Gladiator "  2000 "  Hook "  1991 "  Kill Bill Vol . 1 "  2003 "  Kill Bill Vol . 2 "  2004 "  Kiss the Girls "  1997 "  La Bamba "  1987 "  Legend of Bagger Vance "  2000 "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington "  1939 "  Psych , " season 7 "  The Big Chill "  1983 "  The Prince of Tides "  1991 "  Goldfinger "  1964 "  A View to a Kill "  1985 "  For Your Eyes Only "  1981 "  From Russia With Love "  1963 "  Live and Let Die "  1973 "  Never Say Never Again "  1983 "  You Only Live Twice "  1967 "  Godzilla vs. Monster Zero "  1965 "  Godzilla vs. Mothra "  1964 "  Godzilla : King of the Monsters "  1956 "  Godzilla 's Revenge "  1969 May 4 "  Top Gear : Series 20 " May 8 "  Royal Pains , " season 5 May 9 "  Much Ado About Nothing "  2012 May 10 "  Pain and Gain "  2013 May 11 "  American Dad , " season 8 "  Apartment 1303 "  2012 May 13 "  Free Birds "  2013 May 15 "  Eddie Murphy : Delirious "  1983 "  Jenny McCarthy : Dirty Sexy Funny "  2014 "  Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day "  2008 May 16 "  Sanctum "  2011 May 17 "  Scandal , " season 3 "  Star Trek Into Darkness "  2013 May 22 "  Machete Kills "  2014 May 27 "  Escape from Tomorrow "  2013 "  Leviathan "  2012 "  Vanishing of the Bees "  2009 May 28 "  Brave Miss World "  2013 "  These Birds Walk "  2013 May 30 "  Derek , " season 2 "  Wicker Park "  2004 May 31 "  Annie Hall "  1977 And here 's what you should look for on Amazon : "  The Spectacular Now "  2013 "  Suits " Season 3 "  Covert Affairs , " Season 4 "  Much Ado About Nothing "  2012 "  Pain and Gain "  2013 "  Star Trek Into Darkness "  2013 All seasons of : "  The Sopranos " "  The Wire " "  Deadwood " "  Rome " "  Six Feet Under " "  Eastbound & Down " "  Enlightened " "  Flight of the Conchords " Some seasons of : "  Boardwalk Empire " "  Treme " "  True Blood " Original movies : "  Game Change " "  Too Big to Fail " "  You Do n't Know Jack " Documentaries : "  Autopsy " "  Iceman " "  Ghosts of Abu Ghraib " "  When the Levees Broke " Comedy specials : Lewis Black Ellen DeGeneres Louis CK Bill Maher Miniseries : "  Angels in America " "  Band of Brothers " "  John Adams " "  The Pacific " "  Parade 's End "	Netflix and Amazon are adding new titles for May Netflix has expanded its collection of James Bond and Godzilla movies Amazon has added some HBO shows
CNN  -- Nearly 100 people , including police , volunteers and family members , were searching Monday for a University of Florida student who went missing four days ago in Gainesville . Police fear Christian Aguilar could be seriously injured , disoriented and unable to seek medical attention . Aguilar , 18 , disappeared last week after an altercation over a girl , his father told CNN affiliate WCJB . According to police , Aguilar and another 18-year-old man had an altercation on Thursday . The second man told investigators he left Aguilar in the parking lot , but searchers using helicopters and scent dogs failed to turn up any trace of him , police said Sunday . Authorities have said the man is a "  person of interest " in the case and charged the 18-year-old with depriving a victim of medical care , a third-degree felony . He underwent a psychiatric evaluation Monday after he told investigators that he wanted to kill himself and was subsequently booked in the Alachua County Jail , Officer Ben Tobias said . Police suspect foul play , Tobias said . Family members , who have plastered the area with fliers and taken to Twitter to generate leads , have invited a nonprofit search group to help look for Aguilar alongside family members and police . "  The search is ongoing . We 're going to keep searching until we find him , " said Joe St. Cyr with Search and Rescue of Central Florida . American couple killed in St. Maarten Search for missing climbers suspended Body of missing Amtrak passenger found CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : A "  person of interest " has been charged with depriving a victim of medical care Search dogs help police , family members look for missing student Christian Aguilar disappeared Thursday after a fight with another man , police say
NEW YORK  CNN  -- In the midst of the ongoing culture wars , can it be a good idea to put out a comedy about two Stone Age men who wander into the Bible ? In "  Year One , " Jack Black stars as an inquisitive Stone Age man , with Michael Cera as his sidekick . Harold Ramis thinks so . "  Year One , " which he directed , concerns two men -- played by Jack Black and Michael Cera -- who leave their home and , in their travels , meet biblical characters such as Cain , Abel , Abraham and Isaac . Among the locales : ancient Sodom , which "  did n't seem worse than Las Vegas to me , " Ramis told CNN . "  Year One " comes out Friday . Ramis , whose writing and directing credits include "  Groundhog Day " and "  Analyze This , " said it was time for a new biblical epic -- of sorts . "  No one had done this film for our generation , " he told CNN . It 's like , you know , when ` Animal House ' -LSB- which Ramis co-wrote -RSB- came out , there were college films . Every generation had college films , but our generation did n't have one yet , and I do n't know that our generation - this young , new generation of kids has a , you know , a sandal epic yet , and this is the one . This is for them . " Ramis rounded up a cast of comedians familiar to any watcher of Judd Apatow-produced movies -- no surprise , since Apatow is a producer of "  Year One . " Christopher Mintz-Plasse  "  Superbad "  , Horatio Sanz  "  Saturday Night Live , " "  Step Brothers "  and Bill Hader  "  Tropic Thunder "  all have parts . "  A lot of them were new to me , " said Ramis . " -LSB- But -RSB- Jack knew them , Michael knew them , they were connected -- all connected through Judd Apatow , through ` Saturday Night Live ' ... the comedy world is a club . " Black joked that everyone 's a member of a secret society , requiring retinal scans , that meets "  inside the O of the Hollywood sign -- the first O , " he noted . . "  All the projects are laid out on a table , " he said . "  And we talk generally about how we 're gon na take over the planet , take over the comedy and keep a vise grip on it . " Black said he revels in the chance to find the humor in the Bible . "  That was the fun of this thing , " he said . "  It 's like , we are going to have some fun with the Bible ; you do n't see it very often . It has n't really been done since Monty Python days . ` Life of Brian . ' " However , the film could get more than it asked for . Films poking fun at the Bible -- or , indeed , treating the Bible with anything less than reverence -- have been the subject of protests and criticism . "  Life of Brian , " the Python troupe 's 1979 comedy about an assumed messiah that parodied the story of Jesus , was protested by clergy in the U.S. and banned outright in Ireland . French protesters threw Molotov cocktails into a Paris theater showing "  The Last Temptation of Christ , " Martin Scorsese 's 1988 film version of Nikos Kazantzakis ' novel . More recently , Mel Gibson 's "  The Passion of the Christ , " though a huge financial success , was criticized by some observers for alleged anti-Semitism , as well as its violence . Ramis , who observed that a number of biblical films focus on the New Testament , said he deliberately chose to make the Old Testament his subject . "  I told people that I wanted to do for the Old Testament what Monty Python did for the Gospels , " he said . "  Which is just to kind of take a funny look and project a contemporary sensibility back to these treasured myths of Western civilization . "  It was n't so much to attack any particular religion , " he added . "  I figure all religions are good . They all make sense on paper ; it 's just the exploitation of religion that 's been a problem , by ... people using religion to justify war , or to justify government or , you know , ` God made me do it . ' " Ramis said one of his intentions with "  Year One , " which he co-wrote with "  Office " writers Gene Stupnitsky and Lee Eisenberg , was to focus on people , not God . Paraphrasing the liberal clergyman and activist William Sloane Coffin , he said , God 's not the event itself , but "  God 's in our reaction to the event . " "  I wanted to do a film that kind of addressed these fundamental beliefs and urged people to take personal responsibility , no matter what they believe God is or is n't , " Ramis said . "  It 's still up to us in the final analysis . " Which is not to say that the film skimps on its comedy -- and with Ramis , Black , Cera , Hank Azaria , David Cross and producer Judd Apatow  "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin , " "  Superbad "  around , there 's no shortage of jokes . "  It 's really just a good , dumb , broad comedy , " Ramis told Entertainment Weekly . Improvisation often played a role , said Cera and Black . "  We were n't locked to anything , " Cera said . "  It was a very honest set . If something was n't working then we would address it . " "  We got a lot of different options -LSB- from observers -RSB- , and they were able to play with different options in the editing room . I thought it was a cool way to do it , " said Black . "  I 've never done a movie like that -- and now I wan na do that on all my movies . " iReport.com : Seen "  Year One " ? Share your review The handful of early reviews have been positive , and Ramis is pleased with the result . He 's particularly happy the film was received warmly in the Sodom shooting location -- Sibley , located in northwest Louisiana , in the heart of the Bible Belt . "  It 's funny , because Southern people living in the heart of the Bible belt , there 's a Baptist church every 150 feet in that area , and here we are in Sodom , in the city of Sodom , " he said . "  And they just got into it , they enjoyed it so much . "	"  Year One " stars Jack Black and Michael Cera as Stone Age men in Bible Director and co-writer Harold Ramis says the film uses comedy to make points Biblical films are sometimes met with protest ; will "  Year One " qualify ?
CNN  -- An ALS Ice Bucket Challenge went terribly wrong in Campbellsville , Kentucky , when four firefighters were seriously injured after participating in a group event , according to Campbellsville Police Chief Tim Hazlette . Electricity from a power line shocked the firefighters after they had sprayed water on students . Crews from the Fire and Rescue Department were helping the Campbellsville University band with their video "  Challenge " around 11 a.m. Thursday . A photo obtained by CNN and taken by witness Tyler Arterburn shows the firetruck 's aerial ladder hovering over the challenge participants as firefighters inside the ladder 's bucket spray them with water . After the water spray ended , the students left and the firefighters began moving back the ladder , according to Hazlette . This is when the bucket at the top of the ladder came close enough to power lines to shock the firefighters with electricity . There were two men inside the bucket and two on the ground . Captain Tony Grider , 41 , and firefighter Simon Quinn , 22 , were inside the bucket . They were taken to Taylor Regional Hospital and then transferred to the University of Louisville Medical Center Burn Unit . "  One is in critical condition , the other is fair . Both have been admitted to the hospital 's Level 1 burn unit , " said KentuckyOne Health spokesperson , David McArthur . Two other firefighters , Captain Steve Marrs , 37 , and Alex Johnson , 28 , received electric shocks when they tried to lower the bucket and an electric current traveled down the extended ladder , said Hazlette . Marrs and Johnson were taken to Taylor Regional . Marrs was released and Johnson was admitted for observation , said Hazlette . Friend of man behind challenge dies The incident remains under investigation but according to Hazlette , the ladder never touched the nearby power lines . "  From talking with the power company , if you get within a distance of 3 to 4 feet , the energy that surrounds the high-voltage wire will actually arc over another object , in this case being the personnel occupying the bucket , " said Hazlette . In a statement posted on their website Campbellsville University asked for prayers . "  We express heartfelt sympathy and prayers for the families of the two firefighters who were injured , " said university President Michael Carter in the statement . The university 's Baptist Campus Ministry held a prayer service on Thursday evening . The Ice Bucket Challenge is a social media campaign that aims to raise awareness and money to fight Lou Gehrig 's disease , also called amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS . The ALS Association has received over $ 41.8 million in donations compared to $ 2.1 million during the same time last year . Celebs embrace Ice Bucket Challenge	Firefighters were participating in group ALS Ice Bucket Challenge One firefighter remains in critical condition Electricity arc shocked firefighters in extension ladder Ice Bucket Challenge organized by Campbellsville University band
With talks deadlocked between the United States and Russia over plans to deploy a missile defense shield in Europe , a top Russian general raised the possibility of a possible pre-emptive strike against launch sites if a deal could not be reached . The warning by Gen. Nikolai Makarov followed the conclusion of the international Missile Defense Conference in Russia , where Russian officials lobbied against the missile shield . "  Taking into account the destabilizing nature of the missile defense system and , in particular , creating an illusion of an unpunishable strike , the decision about a pre-emptive use of force will be made in a period of heightened tension , " Makarov said . The Obama administration and its European allies have been trying to ease Russia 's fears over the project by insisting that the system is directed toward countering the missile threat from the Middle East from which Russia also needs protection . Since NATO approved the U.S.-designed system at last year 's summit , Poland , Romania , Spain and Turkey have agreed to deploy parts of it . NATO asked Russia to participate in the system but negotiations have been deadlocked over Russia 's demand for a legally binding treaty guaranteeing the shield would not be used as a deterrent to Moscow 's own systems . During Thursday 's conference , the U.S. special envoy for strategic stability and missile defense said there were discussions aimed at easing Russia 's concern . "  We discussed how the European missile defense system is designed and configured to counter ballistic missile threats from the Middle East , and we have made clear we have no intent or desire to undermine Russia 's strategic deterrent , " said Ellen Tauscher , the special envoy . But Marakov believes the defense shield would be able to take out Russian missiles . To drive the point home , Russia opened up one of its elite radar operations to conference attendees and showed a computer simulation of an attack against Europe and Russia . As part of the simulation , four missiles were launched from somewhere in the southern hemisphere and targeted three cities in Europe and one in Russia . When Russia launched a missile to intercept it , its missile was taken out by the European missile defense system . But the United States says the radar and interceptor missiles it plans to place in eastern Europe wo n't have the ability to shoot down Russian missiles . NATO Deputy Secretary-General Alexander Vershbow , who listened to Makarov 's comments , told reporters he does not believe a missile defense system in Europe would not affect Russia . "  I took careful note of the details that Gen. Makarov presented about their plans . But he did indicate that those steps would not be implemented until Russia was convinced that the threat , the so-called threat from our missile defense system was growing , " he said . "  So we have time to reassure Russia that there is no threat today and there 'll be no threat tomorrow . " Late last year , then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev threatened to withdraw from the START treaty on nuclear weapons reductions and deploy ballistic missiles in its exclave of Kaliningrad on its border with Europe if NATO moved ahead with the plans for missile defense . Tensions increased in December when Russia 's ambassador to NATO , suggested Moscow would close transit routes that send vital supplies to troops in Afghanistan . The deadlock over the missile defense shield has also proved problematic for leaders from both the United States and Russia . At a nuclear summit in South Korea , President Barack Obama could be heard asking Dmitry Medvedev for some "  space " on the missile defense system in Europe , telling the Russian president he will have more "  flexibility " after the November election . "  This is my last election , " Obama said . "  After my election I have more flexibility . " In response , Medvedev said he would pass on the information to the incoming prime minister and former president , Vladimir Putin . Republicans in the United States seized on the comment as an opportunity to criticize the president for politicizing foreign policy decisions . Meanwhile , Vladimir Putin has repeatedly in recent years warned the U.S. and its European allies against deploying such a defense system , saying Russia would be forced to deploy its own countermeasures .	Russian Gen. Nikolai Makarov says a strike may be necessary in a period of tension Makarov makes the comments at the conclusion of a conference in Russia The United States and its allies are trying to ease Russian concerns about a defense shield Russia believes a missile defense system will be used as a deterrent to its systems
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A bomb inside a van exploded in northeastern Madrid Monday , after a warning call by the Basque separatist group ETA . The blast caused damage but there were no immediate reports of injury . Policemen inspect the area after a van loaded with a bomb exploded in northeast Madrid . The Red Cross received a call at 7:37 a.m.  1:37 a.m. ET  , in the name of ETA , warning of the bomb . The Red Cross immediately contacted police , who cordoned off the area , a Red Cross spokeswoman told CNN . The blast occurred shortly after 9 a.m.  3 a.m. ET  outside the building of a construction company , CNN partner network CNN + reported . The company , Ferrovial Agroman , is involved in building a high-speed train line in the Basque region , which ETA opposes . The attack came just hours after Spain 's Supreme Court declined to allow two new leftist Basque parties to compete in the March 1 Basque regional elections in northern Spain . Authorities allege the new parties are simply new names for other leftist Basque parties already outlawed for their links to ETA . "  What ETA did this morning ratifies the Supreme Court decision last night , " Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba told reporters , at the scene of the explosion . At least 30 vehicles parked in the street were damaged , as well as the construction company offices , the Spanish police said in a statement . The bomb , it added , was placed in a van stolen last night in the Madrid area . Exactly four years ago , on Feb. 9 , 2005 , ETA placed a bomb in the same Madrid neighborhood that was hit on Monday . That attack caused dozens of injuries , and damaged a different glass-façade office building . ETA is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for Basque independence . It is listed as a terrorist group by the European Union and the United States .	Bomb inside van explodes in northeastern Madrid after ETA warning Blast occurs outside HQ of company building high-speed Basque rail link 30 vehicles damaged ; attack comes 4 years after blast in same neighborhood Earlier , court bars new leftist Basque parties from competing in regional elections
CNN  -- This holiday season , an ad campaign is selling clothes and challenging bigotry in America . A poster of a turbaned and bearded man in Gap clothes with a woman hanging on his shoulder hit store windows and subway walls across the United States last month as part of Gap 's "  Make Love " ad campaign . The model is Waris Ahluwalia , a Sikh actor whose turban and beard is part of his faith . For the first time , a mainstream , nationwide ad presents a turbaned man as beautiful , even sexy . He is not a suspect , but a model ; not a terrorist , but a person with dignity ; not a foreigner , but an American . The ad thrilled Sikh Americans like me , who have worked for years to dismantle one of the most pernicious prevailing stereotypes in American culture : turban equals terrorist . Nearly every person who wears a turban in the United States is Sikh . Many Sikhs wear five articles of faith , including kesh , long uncut hair that most men and some women wrap in a cloth turban . Tragically , the turban meant to represent a commitment to service and justice marked Sikh Americans as targets of hate . Recently , the ad featuring Waris Ahluwalia was found covered with racist graffiti on a New York City subway wall . "  Make Love " was crossed out to read "  Make Bombs . " Someone scrawled beneath it , "  Please stop driving TAXIS . " The racial epithets were familiar , but what happened next was altogether new . The photograph went viral on Twitter . Within 24 hours , Gap set out to replace the defaced ads , made the ad its background image on Twitter and Facebook and released the statement , "  Gap is a brand that celebrates inclusion and diversity . " The company 's response set off a chorus of #ThankYouGap posts . The story is a powerful example of how a groundswell of people can "  make love " in response to hate . It 's a story we need now more than ever . Twelve years after September 11 , 2001 , the stereotype of the turbaned and bearded terrorist is deeply entrenched in our social imagination . It shows up in profiling at airports , bullying in the school yard , violence on the streets , surveillance of houses of worship , and yes , graffiti on a New York City subway wall . In daily encounters , our minds default to stereotypes we have unwittingly absorbed . The most dangerous racial stereotypes trigger fear and animosity -- for example , African-Americans as "  criminal , " Latinos as "  illegal , " or Muslims and Sikhs as "  terrorist . " Once a person is reduced to a stereotype , it becomes easier to harm them , or to permit harm to be done to them . But there is a powerful antidote to these stereotypes : the diversity of faces , voices and stories of real people that show our shared humanity . In the aftermath of the 2012 mass shooting in a Sikh gurdwara in Oak Creek , Wisconsin , thousands of people wrote heartfelt letters in an outpouring of love and support to families who lost loved ones and signed petitions that led to a new government policy to track hate crimes against Sikhs . This fall , after Columbia University professor Prabhjot Singh was brutally beaten in New York City , nearly 4,000 people of different faiths sent him prayers and messages online . And 11 days ago , when photographer Robert Gerhardt , a white Catholic , saw racist graffiti covering a photograph of a Sikh , he chose to take a photograph of the ad . He sent the photo to Muslim American writer Arsalan Iftikhar , who decided to post it on Twitter . Others shared the photo , which prompted Gap to take a public stand . Earlier this month , Gap employee Casey David Muir-Taylor made the same choice when an irate customer complained about the Muslim "  terrorist " in the "  do-rag . " He defended the ad and posted about it on Facebook . Each of these individuals chose to fight for a community not their own . As a Sikh American , these acts of courage deepen my commitment to do the same for others . Companies should take note that taking a public stand against hate wins new customers . But it would be a mistake to miss the deeper lesson : We as individuals can no longer claim helplessness in the face of racism . In the digital era , the power to "  make love , " not bigotry , lies in the palm of our hands . Whether in response to a Sikh model in a fashion ad , or a South Asian American woman crowned Ms. America , new media give a new generation a chance to speak out for our vision of America . The key is using our power to dismantle the stereotypes that shape our social landscape . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Valarie Kaur .	Gap ad featuring Sikh designer and actor Waris Ahluwalia was defaced A photo of the defaced ad went viral and Gap responded Valarie Kaur : "  People can ` make love ' in response to hate "
CNN  -- There 's a hot new travel site -- but it does n't really arrange any travel . The Internet blew up Wednesday over Misstravel.com , a site that launched April 9 . According to its founder , Brandon Wade , the site connects rich people with good-looking people who want to gallivant around the world on the rich person 's dime . "  We are a meeting space like a nightclub or a bar for people who are interested in talking , " Wade said . "  This is n't an escort service . " Wade points out the "  Escorts are not welcome " disclaimer linked from the home page . Visitors to Misstravel.com may miss that message initially when confronted immediately upon arrival by the image taking up most of the home page , a young woman sitting school-girlishly  short skirt , head tilted  on a pink suitcase . A video play button appears over her . Click and hear a woman 's voice speaking sexily as a female cartoon delivers the pitch . "  Are you attractive but you do n't have the money to travel ? " she asks . "  What if you could travel around the world , stay in five-star resorts , dine at top-rated restaurants and do the fun things travelers do , all for free ? " On Misstravel , you can , the voice says . Male cartoons of doctors , lawyers , bankers , athletes and such pop into the frame , and the voice says , "  Best of all , they have the money , and they are willing to spend it on you . " No one on the site has gone on any trips that Wade knows about -- mostly because the site is so new -- and Misstravel does not arrange travel , he said . Like a dating site , Misstravel only provides a platform for people to create profiles and communicate . There are two categories on Misstravel : "  attractive " and "  generous . " Judging from photos of the attractives , they evidently have so little money they ca n't afford many clothes . The site offers no promises that a generous will not stick an attractive with any bills . It 's up to the two of them to negotiate , Wade said . The generouses include "  YoungCEO4U " who claims to be 27 , worth between $ 500,000 and $ 1 million and from Farmington , Michigan . He is interested in "  no strings attached " and going to the Dominican Republic . An attractive could also choose a 6 foot 2 inch generous named "  Bigmoolah " from Florida or "  Texan323 , " who lists himself as single but is open , he indicates , to "  Mutually Beneficial Arrangements  Sugar Daddy / Sugar Baby  " and "  Married Dating/Discreet Affair . " If you register as an attractive , you pay nothing . If you 're generous , you pay a minimum of $ 50 to be able to communicate with 10 attractives , Wade said . For $ 250 , you can communicate with up to 100 attractives . Wade said the site allows people of all types ; although it 's called Misstravel , men and women , gay and straight are welcome to be either an attractive or a generous . When these categories connect , Wade said , they should consult the safety guidelines Misstravel provides , such as , "  Never travel out of the country or to a different city to meet someone you do not know well . " Something to keep in mind when dealing with "  Manimal " a 30-year-old from the Chicago area who asks in his profile , "  Are you woman enough ? " Wade said he was a "  nerd growing up in Singapore " who did n't have a girlfriend or a kiss until he was 21 . His site is intended , he said , to help people who are shy like him connect . He is trying to follow some wisdom his mother shared with him years ago . "  A little bit of generosity , " he said , "  goes a long way when it comes to dating . " What do you think ? Would you search for travel companions this way ? Share your thoughts in the comments below .	Misstravel is a dating site that pairs generous and attractive travelers , founder says Site touts free travel for good-looking people , paid for by "  generous " members The site does not arrange travel ; it allows people to post profiles and connect "  This is n't an escort service , " founder says
CNN  -- Two weeks after Haiti 's devastating earthquake , Daniel Rouzier stood in front of heaps of bodies , dumped unceremoniously in the valleys of Titanyen . He clutched a mahogany rosary and covered his face with a sterile mask -- the stench of decomposing human flesh carried with the breeze . Rouzier , a wealthy businessman and executive with a notable charity had seen on CNN how earthquake victims had been trucked out of Port-au-Prince and disposed in Titanyen without burial . Upset , he put his own resources to work and hired bulldozers to dig mass graves for 2,500 bodies . He said then that it was sacrilege so many people had not been given proper internment . He did n't want to blame anyone for the aftermath of Haiti 's tragedy ; he was simply grateful to be able to help . Now , Rouzier stands poised to be able to do a lot more for his country . Haiti 's new President Michel Martelly tapped the successful entrepreneur to become the troubled nation 's next prime minister . Unknown in Haitian politics , Rouzier at first was not even sure he wanted to enter a new realm . "  It was not in my cards at all , " he said in a brief phone conversation in the midst of his confirmation hearings Thursday . "  But it is quite an opportunity to serve the people . " The ratification process before a parliamentary committee began Wednesday and is expected to go on for a few days . Rouzier said he hopes to be approved by next Tuesday . Martelly and Rouzier go way back . They went to the same high school and Rouzier 's brother Fabrice Rouzier founded the Haitian band Mizik Mizik . Until recently , Martelly , of course , was better known as Sweet Mickey , a wildly popular bad boy of music . Martelly said he tapped Rouzier because the two men share a vision for a prosperous Haiti . "  Daniel Rouzier is a man of integrity , " Martelly said . "  He has a track record of getting things done , he turns dreams into reality . Daniel is a man who will prioritize the interests of the country and will respect the rule of law . " A deeply devout Catholic , Rouzier said that if he is confirmed , he will serve in the prime ministerial post as a servant of God . He acknowledged that the journey ahead will be challenging . Haiti remains the poorest and least developed country in the Western hemisphere and is struggling to recover from the 2010 earthquake that killed more than 200,000 people and displaced 1.6 million others . Hundreds of thousands of those people are still eeking out existances in makeshift camps . The Inter-American Development Bank estimated that the cost of rebuilding homes , roads , schools and other infrastructure could be as much as $ 14 billion.The international community pledged $ 10 billion in March , 2010 but evidence of that money is scant . A year after the earthquake , there are still mounds of rubble stacked high in parts of Port-au-Prince . Haiti 's problems were compounded by a cholera epidemic that erupted last October and has resurged recently as the rainy season begins . Part of the reason Martelly won at the polls is because Haitians had increasingly grown discontent with the slow pace of recovery and reconstruction . Haitians said they wanted a fresh start . Rouzier adds to Martelly 's credibility in that aspect , said Jocelyn McCalla , a Haitian-born political strategist and human rights expert . Rouzier also brings expertise both in the business world and in charitable work . He served as general manager of his family 's Port-au-Prince car dealership , Sun Auto , and also spearheaded E-Power , a private plant intended to increase Haitians ' access to electricity . That project was inaugurated on the first anniversary of the earthquake this past January . Rouzier also helped oversee Food for the Poor , a Florida-based Christian charity that is active in Haiti . Despite no political experience , Rouzier is seen as someone who can be fair , McCalla said . "  He has a good reputation , " McCalla said . "  He strikes me as somebody who is well-intentioned . " But as with all others who have entered politics in Haiti , Rouzier will have to rise above entrenched corruption , McCalla said . If he becomes prime minister , Rouzier will inherit a government that was barely functioning , McCalla said . "  One of his challenges is to rebuild the government from the ground up , " he said . Martelly has already promised a free and mandatory education for all Haitians , key to the Caribbean nation 's development . The new president has also said he will not look so kindly on those who hinder much needed change . Rouzier , said McCalla , will help Martelly in challenging a mindset that has hindered Haiti in the past . "  There is so much to be done , " Rouzier said . "  It 's not going to be easy . " All those months ago , he had bestowed peace upon the souls of the dead . It may prove more difficult to do so for the living .	Entrepreneur Daniel Rouzier was tapped to be the next prime minister After the earthquake , he used his own money to bury victims He says he knows bringing change to Haiti will not be easy His confirmation hearings began this week
EW.com  -- In a close race that saw each of the top three films swap places between Friday and Sunday , animated smash "  Despicable Me 2 " once again won the weekend at the box office . The $ 76 million family film from Universal and Illumination Entertainment fell 46 percent from its debut weekend to $ 44.8 million , pushing its total all the way to $ 229.2 million after only 12 days . "  Despicable Me 2 " has easily asserted its dominance over Disney 's "  Monsters University " in the last two weekends . Though "  Monsters " has been in theaters twice as long  it opened June 21  , its $ 237.8 million domestic total is only $ 8.6 million more than "  Despicable Me 2 . " Universal 's minion-filled comedy should easily overtake its rival release sometime this week . Worldwide , "  Despicable Me " is about to surpass "  Monsters University " as well , as the films have earned $ 472.4 million and $ 474.2 million , respectively . In second place , Adam Sandler 's first-ever sequel , "  Grown Ups 2 , " opened to a great $ 42.5 million . The $ 80 million Sony comedy started off slightly better than its 2010 predecessor , "  Grown Ups , " which debuted with $ 40.5 million on the way to a $ 162 million domestic finish . If estimates hold up , "  Grown Ups 2 " will stand as Sandler 's second-best opening ever behind 2005 ′ s "  The Longest Yard , " which debuted to $ 47.6 million . Review : "  Grown Ups 2 " Sandler has proven himself to be one of the most consistent box office draws in Hollywood over the last 15 years , during which time he has accrued 12 live-action hits that grossed more than $ 100 million , as well as the animated winner "  Hotel Transylvania , " which topped out at $ 148.3 million . But after back-to-back live-action misfires with 2011 ′ s "  Jack & Jill "  $ 74.2 million  and 2012 ′ s "  That 's My Boy "  $ 36.9 million  , many questioned whether Sandler 's brand of comedy was still viable at the box office . "  Grown Ups 2 's " impressive debut should mitigate those concerns -- and put the comedy on track to become Sandler 's 14th $ 100 million movie . According to Sony , audiences for "  Grown Ups 2 " were 53 percent female  this follows "  White House Down " and "  World War Z " -- two other films with unexpectedly majority-female audiences  , and 54 percent below the age of 25 . Crowds surveyed by CinemaScore issued the film a ho-hum "  B " grade , and critics were largely dismissive . "  Pacific Rim " opened in third place with $ 38.3 million , a difficult start for Warner Bros. ' $ 190 million monsters vs. robots adventure , though the best ever debut for director Guillermo del Toro . Headed into the weekend , "  Pacific Rim 's " sales on Fandango were outpacing those of "  World War Z , " which recently opened with $ 66.4 million . On Thursday , "  Pacific Rim " garnered an eye-popping $ 3.6 million from shows beginning at 7:00 p.m. . But the film , like many others that have targeted geeky crowds , proved extremely front-loaded in its box office returns . After a $ 14.6 million Friday , "  Pacific Rim " fell 13 percent on Saturday to $ 12.5 million , and Warner Bros. expects it will fall another 15 percent today to $ 10.9 million . If the film 's domestic total follows the same trajectory as its opening weekend , "  Pacific Rim " will top out right at $ 100 million . Review : "  Pacific Rim " That 's why Warner Bros. is depending on strong word of mouth to carry the film financially . "  We 've got critics that love it , we 've got audiences -- male and female -- that love it , " says Dan Fellman , Warner Bros. ' president of domestic distribution , who points to "  Pacific Rim 's " encouraging "  A - " CinemaScore grade from crowds  that were 61 percent male  as a sign that the film may hold up well in weeks to come . "  What we need to do is go aggressively into week two and broaden that audience base . That 's our job . " "  Pacific Rim " fared particularly well in 3-D , which accounted for 50 percent of its opening-weekend gross , the highest ratio all summer  though still a far cry from the 70 percent 3-D shares that were typical in 2009 and 2010  . The film also played well in 331 IMAX theaters , where it earned $ 7.3 million -- a full 19 percent of its opening-weekend haul . Internationally , "  Pacific Rim " scored $ 53 million from 38 markets this weekend , bringing its global launch to $ 91.3 million altogether . The film fared best in Korea , where it started with $ 9.6 million , and Warner Bros. expects it will play well throughout Asia during its run . In fourth place , Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy 's buddy cop comedy "  The Heat " dipped 44 percent to $ 14 million in its third weekend . The film surpassed the $ 100 million mark on Friday and has now earned $ 112.4 million total against a slim $ 43 million budget . Despite ` The Lone Ranger ' , Disney will press on with ` branded tentpole strategy ' "  The Lone Ranger " was n't so lucky . The $ 225 million Western , which last week stumbled with only $ 47.9 million in its first five days , plummeted 62 percent in its second weekend to $ 11.1 million , which gives the film $ 71.1 million and puts it on pace for a finish below $ 100 million . Despite "  The Lone Ranger 's " disappointing run , a Disney exec this week said the studio remains committed to a "  branded tentpole strategy . " 1 . "  Despicable Me 2 " -- $ 44.8 million 2 . "  Grown Ups 2 " -- $ 42.5 million 3 . "  Pacific Rim " -- $ 38.3 million 4 . "  The Heat " -- $ 14 million 5 . "  The Lone Ranger " -- $ 11.2 million Two indie releases also made waves in limited release this weekend . Fox Searchlight 's "  The Way Way Back " expanded into 79 theaters and grossed $ 1.1 million , giving it a robust $ 14,051 per theater average -- and guaranteeing that more theater owners will want to show the film on their screens soon . "  Fruitvale Station 's " performance was even more impressive . The film , which stars Michael B. Jordan as Oscar Grant , the 22-year-old Oakland resident who was detained and shot by a police officer in 2009 , earned $ 377,000 from only seven theaters , yielding a blazing $ 53,898 average . George Zimmerman verdict : Celebs rally around the late Trayvon Martin "  Fruitvale 's " plot and racial themes coincide with the national conversation  and controversy  surrounding George Zimmerman , who was last night found not guilty of killing Trayvon Martin . The debate sparked by the Zimmerman trial 's verdict could propel "  Fruitvale Station , " a Weinstein release , even further than its impressive debut already suggests . Next week , four new releases are hitting theaters , and "  Turbo , " "  The Conjuring , " "  Red 2 " and "  R.I.P.D. " will all compete for box office supremacy . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	It was a close race , but "  Despicable Me 2 " was No. 1 with $ 44.8 million The movie is on track to surpass "  Monsters University " At No. 2 was Adam Sandler 's first-ever sequel , "  Grown Ups 2 , " with $ 42.5 million Guillermo del Toro 's "  Pacific Rim " ended up in third place with $ 38.3 million
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actress Brittany Murphy 's death was an accident caused by a combination of pneumonia , an iron deficiency and "  multiple drug intoxication , " the Los Angeles County coroner said Thursday . The 32-year-old actress was found dead in her Hollywood Hills , California , home December 20 . The short statement issued by the coroner 's office Thursday did not list the drugs involved , but assistant chief Ed Winter told CNN no illegal drugs were found in Murphy 's system . The full autopsy report would be available within two weeks , the coroner 's office said . The primary cause of death was "  community acquired pneumonia , " but drugs found by the toxicology screening were believed to "  play a role in her death , " said coroner 's spokesman Craig Harvey . "  They just were not the primary cause , so they figured into the cause of death , so that 's why it 's an accidental death . " Murphy 's husband , British screenwriter Simon Monjack , has told People magazine the actress had "  laryngitis and flu-like symptoms " at the time of her death . Monjack said Murphy used Vicoprofen to relieve pain from severe menstrual cramps . "  She was on an antibiotic and was taking cough medicine , " he said . Murphy was pronounced dead at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles , California , after she was rushed there in the early morning hours of Sunday , December 20 . The often bubbly , free-spirited actress appeared in films such as "  Clueless , " "  8 Mile , " "  Do n't Say a Word " and "  Girl , Interrupted . " She also lent her voice to animated works , including the movie "  Happy Feet " -- in which she also sang -- and a regular voice role on the animated TV series "  King of the Hill . " Murphy was best-known for her work in a string of comedies earlier this decade , including playing lead roles in "  Uptown Girls " alongside fellow Georgia native Dakota Fanning and "  Little Black Book " with Holly Hunter and Kathy Bates . She is survived by her husband . CNN 's Jim Roope and Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Actress Brittany Murphy was found dead in her home December 20 Coroner : Death was accident caused by pneumonia , iron deficiency , drugs "  She was on an antibiotic and was taking cough medicine , " husband says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- In parts of rural Afghanistan a fierce battle is going on between the Taliban and the country 's government . And the victims in this battle , it seems , are school children . Recently , the Taliban demanded the closure of some schools in two eastern provinces . In Ghazni province , the closure of schools was in retaliation for the government 's ban on motorbikes often used by insurgents . In Wardak province , the Taliban has been a little more compromising , locals say , and has allowed some schools to open late after making changes to the curriculum . "  The Taliban are fine with us as long as we do what they want . They tell us what to teach and what not to . If we do n't do what they say they have a representative who comes checking things , " one teacher said . "  They have increased the number of hours we teach religious subjects in a week and decreased other subjects like English . If we did n't , they would threaten teachers , and it is very much possible that they would close the school down . " This power struggle in classrooms is symptomatic of broader fears about the future . As the U.S.-led military effort winds down in Afghanistan will the Taliban tighten its grip on daily life in the country ? CNN 's cameras were allowed in one classroom in Wardak but those interviewed will not be identified for their own safety . In this classroom , teaching is allowed but a Taliban minder oversees the syllabus . One student in the class says he does not mind . "  The Taliban have only increased the religious subjects in our day-to-day schedule , which is very good as people should learn religious subjects , " he said . Mohammad Sediq Patman , a deputy education minister said the government has to be flexible in order to keep schools open . In areas where the Taliban had more control , sometimes the government lets them influence what subjects are taught and even allows them to check student attendance , Patman said . "  There was no deal between the government and the Taliban , but only in order to keep the schools open and running the Education Ministry had shown flexibility to this issue , " he said . One Taliban school minder spoke to CNN but chose to cover his face on camera so that he could not be identified . "  We did n't allow schools to be opened here at the beginning of the school year because we wanted them to change , " the Taliban minder said . "  Then we had a big meeting with school officials and concluded we would allow school to start , but teaching should be according to our principles and Islamic principles . They accepted that . We have only increased Islamic subjects so that even when a person becomes an engineer , he should have enough knowledge in Islam . " The minder said he was implementing instructions from Taliban leader Mullah Omar as are many others across Afghanistan .	Recently , the Taliban demanded the closure of some schools "  The Taliban are fine with us as long as we do what they want , " a teacher says This power struggle in classrooms is symptomatic of broader fears Some wonder if the Taliban will tighten its grip on daily life as war nears an end
CNN  It 's easy to be anxious about the threat posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . After all , this is a brutal organization that not only kills but seems to revel in doing so in ways designed to shock the world -- from the beheadings of journalists to burning a Jordanian pilot alive . Such moves are part of this murky group 's propaganda and its deliberate efforts to manipulate information . So what can and should we make of the organization ? I explore the issue in depth in a special airing Sunday night . And although it 's important to start with the caveat that ISIS is indeed trying to scare and confuse us , I took away some tentative lessons from speaking with the people who have traveled inside the minds of ISIS . First , ISIS is clearly about religion -- its version of radical Islam -- but it is also about power . There is increasing evidence that the military backbone of ISIS is made up not by a group of Islamic zealots , but rather high-ranking officers from Saddam Hussein 's army -- Baathists who were at least ostensibly secular . An internal ISIS report detailing its organizational structure was reported on last week in the German weekly Der Spiegel . That report describes a group that uses its religious ideology as a recruiting and governing philosophy , much like communism . But underneath it , much like communism , is simply a drive for control , a lust for power . Next , ISIS presents itself as a global organization , but it has thrived because of a local cause . The group has gained territory , cash and recruits primarily because of the rage and rebellion of the Sunnis of Iraq and Syria , who believe they must fight the Shiites to secure their own survival and strength . The reality is that that Sunni cause is going to endure for some time . The United States has been successful in its tactical battles against ISIS and has managed to push the group back from many of its gains in Iraq . But the Sunnis of the region will remain in rebellion and the Sunni-dominated areas will remain in turmoil -- chaos that ISIS will be able to capitalize on this chaos . In the long run , ISIS might very well find that its greatest foes lie within its so-called Caliphate . The few reports that are emerging from areas controlled by ISIS suggest that , unsurprisingly , people do not like living under a brutal , theocratic dictatorship . They live in fear , and even those who chose it as an alternative to Shiite rule are growing disenchanted . In this respect , ISIS is like other radical Islamic groups , such as the Taliban -- they have an allure in the abstract , but once they are actually governing in their medieval , barbarous manner , the allure fades and the disenchantment builds . The result is ever-increasing repression . Remember , no one has ever voted ISIS into power anywhere . The group simply slaughters its way to control . Of course , one of the big questions has been : Is ISIS a threat to the West ? The group 's leaders declare that it is . But their ambitions appear to be mostly centered on their Arab enemies , on building a caliphate in Iraq and Syria . They understand , of course , that to be Terror Group No. 1 , they must battle the country that is the world 's No. 1 power -- the United States . With that in mind , they seek such a confrontation and hope that the United States will come to the Middle East and fight them on their terms , on their terrain . Still , while they are opportunists , and they ask and hope that their followers act in America , their main focus is not to come here -- they want Americans to go there . Yet no matter how one rates the level of the threat ISIS poses , the group has changed the nature of terror . The leaders of ISIS have recognized that above all , they are a messaging machine , which in turn becomes a recruitment machine . This means that the key is not what happens on the ground , but on the airwaves and in the bits and bytes of the Internet . And ISIS does this better than anyone before them because while their gruesome videos would seem a repulsive turn-off -- and are to most -- they still work on the web . The shock and awe they produce makes them go viral , and thus are seen by tens of millions . That ensures that these videos attract those utterly alienated young men -- a few thousand among the world 's 1.6 billion Muslims -- who seek revenge , glory and gore . Unfortunately , as long as those young Muslim men , scattered across the globe , are attracted to ISIS and stream to its cause , the group presents the world with a danger that is impossible to fully assess but is one that grows by the month .	Fareed Zakaria : ISIS has thrived because of a local Sunni cause in Syria and Iraq Leaders of ISIS have recognized they are a messaging machine , he says
CNN  -- It began with high hopes and lofty rhetoric , as a newly reelected President Barack Obama ended his State of the Union wish list with a call to action : "  It remains the task of us all , as citizens of these United States , to be the authors of the next great chapter in our American story . " But 2013 will hardly be remembered as a great chapter . Instead , even with Wednesday 's debt ceiling and government funding deal , this is a wasted year in Washington , one of more band-aid budgeting , polarized partisanship and Republican chaos . Yes , public opinion polls suggest the government shutdown and debt ceiling crisis is more damaging to Republicans than to the President and his fellow Democrats . And Obama gives up little in the deal struck Wednesday to fund the government through January and raise the debt ceiling through early February . But with precious time in his second term ticking by , it is safe to say the President is losing even as he may "  win " the short-term political blame game . In defeat , Boehner may live to fight another day Consider the priorities laid out in his February State of the Union Address : * A new jobs plan * Infrastructure investments targeting roads and the 70,000 American bridges he noted are deemed structurally unsound * An increase , to $ 9 an hour , in the federal minimum wage * A guarantee of quality pre-school education for every child in America * New background checks for gun purchases and , the President asked , for an up or down vote on new gun restrictions , including a ban on certain assault style weapons * Plus sweeping immigration reform , including , in his words , "  a reasonable pathway to earned citizenship . " Also in his address : a plea to end the budgeting by brinksmanship and crisis and a hopeful call for bipartisan negotiations on tax reform and Medicare and other entitlement spending . Eight months later -- as the end of that critical first year of the presidential term comes into focus -- none of those priorities has been realized . Not one . Nine things we missed during the shutdown And Washington 's dysfunction appears to be only deepening , as differences between Democrats and Republicans are often overshadowed by the internal civil war within the GOP . Do n't count on that environment improving once Washington stumbles its way past this latest crisis . The deal provides a temporary fix - essentially kicking the can down the road to January and February to give Congress and the White House time to negotiate . A welcome respite , perhaps , but the issues wo n't get any easier over the course of those three or four months , and the politics - believe it or not - could get even more difficult because those new deadlines are early in the midterm election year . Republican shutdown pain may boost Dems in 2014	With high hopes after reelection , President Obama sounded call to action But 2013 has been hardly great for the President 's legislative agenda Safe to say Obama losing even if he may "  win " short-term political blame game on budget Washington 's dysfunction appears to be only deepening
CNN  -- On Wednesday , Apple is expected to unveil the newest version of its iPad with all of the breathless hype that typically attends the consumer-tech juggernaut 's public events . But some folks , many of them Apple customers and self-described fanboys and fangirls , are n't celebrating . Instead , they 're calling on the company to shore up human rights concerns by manufacturing an "  ethical iPad 3 . " The creator of a campaign asking Apple to ensure safer conditions for workers at the Chinese plants that make its products is asking supporters to take to Facebook on Wednesday , posting pleas to Apple on the iTunes Facebook page . Last month , Mark Shields , a self-described "  Apple person , " started a petition on Change.org . The petition has more than 241,000 signatures and asks , among other things , for Apple to create a worker-protection strategy around the release of new products such as the anticipated new iPad . Worker-rights groups say that Foxconn , the Chinese manufacturer that produces products for Apple and other tech companies , has a stringent , militaristic culture of surveillance and obedience . It 's a culture that labor groups say contributed to a slew of suicides in 2010 at the company 's Shenzhen plant -- prompting Foxconn to install nets in an effort to prevent employees from jumping -- as well as worker injuries and even deaths . "  Many of the people who have signed Mark 's petition have expressed concern that without a strategy to prevent forced overtime , impossible production quotas and worker injury , that worker abuse , accidents , and even death may increase around the release of the iPad 3 , " said Amanda Kloer , campaign director at Change.org . "  Mark hopes that if Apple customers ask the company about how the iPad 3 was made , Apple will respond to his request for a worker protection strategy for new product releases . " Shields was traveling Tuesday and not able to be reached for comment . Contacted by CNN on Tuesday , Apple did not have any comment . In a statement to CNN last month , Apple said it cares about all of the workers in its worldwide supply chain . "  We insist that our suppliers provide safe working conditions , treat workers with dignity and respect and use environmentally responsible manufacturing processes wherever Apple products are made , " the company said . "  Our suppliers must live up to these requirements if they want to keep doing business with Apple . " After a wave of publicity last month that included a CNN interview with a Foxconn worker , Foxconn announced it had given workers a pay increase and was allowing an international labor-rights group to visit one of its facilities . Kloer said Shields has never gotten a response from Apple about creating a worker protection strategy , even though he was promised one by the manager at a Washington , D.C. , Apple store where he delivered the petition . Shields and Kloer are asking supporters on Wednesday to post on the iTunes page on Facebook "  asking for an ethical iPad 3 . " Apple has not officially said what Wednesday 's announcement will be , but all speculation centers on a new iPad . Many reports suggest it may actually be called the iPad HD to showcase a new , high-resolution display screen .	Apple protesters are calling for Facebook campaign on Wednesday Founder of Change.org petition urges supporters to ask for "  ethical iPad " Apple is expected to unveil a new iPad on Wednesday Rights groups say Chinese factories are hard on workers who make Apple products
Washington  CNN  -- The Virginia couple accused of crashing President Obama 's first White House state dinner on Tuesday are named in at least 16 different civil suits in Fauquier County , sometimes as plaintiffs , sometimes as defendants . A trawl through court records on Thursday revealed a more complete picture of Tareq and Michaele Salahi , who have left an extensive paper trail in federal bankruptcy and state court filings . The couple was spotted rubbing elbows with the likes of Vice President Joe Biden and Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel at Tuesday 's dinner , but the Secret Service says they were not invited . A Secret Service checkpoint "  did not follow proper procedures " to determine if the two were on the guest list , said Edwin M. Donovan , a Secret Service special agent , in a statement . The incident represents a security breach for the White House at the Obama administration 's biggest social event to date . More than 300 guests , including Cabinet members , diplomats and Hollywood celebrities , attended the dinner in honor of visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . The couple did not respond to CNN requests for comment Thursday . "  At this time the Salahis will not make any formal comments regarding the rumors and media speculation surrounding the White House state dinner , " their publicist , Mahogany Jones , said in a statement . "  Their counsel , Paul W. Gardner Esq. , states emphatically that the Salahis ' did not ` crash ' this event . We look forward to setting the record straight very soon . " Asked for comment on the Salahi 's legal difficulties , Jones said in an e-mail , "  We will begin doing press and media next week providing exclusive interviews and press junkets . If you would like to be considered in our media circuit we request that you hold your proposed published profile until then . " A page on Facebook , apparently maintained jointly by the Salahis , paints them as high rollers , listing their interests as polo , wine , and diplomatic relations , among others . A separate Facebook fan page dedicated to Michaele that appears to be run by her says , "  I was honored to be invited to attend the First State Dinner hosted by President Obama & the First Lady to honor India . " The page in her name is full of pictures showing her at social events around Washington . But the two also spend quite a bit of time in court , records show . One of the lawsuits against the Salahis was filed by Robb Levin of Fairfax , Virginia , who held his wedding at the Oasis Winery in August 2005 . "  I have a judgment against them , " he said by phone on Thursday . "  The settlement was for $ 15,000 , plus interest from June 2008 . They have n't paid a penny . " Levin contracted with the winery to provide vendors , such as florists and catering , for the event . But , he said , he discovered the winery was adding a "  significant profit " to what the vendors were charging them . "  Vendors told me what they were charging . They were charging me two or three times as much , " he said . When he tried to use his own vendors , he said , he was fined $ 1,000 . After he signed a contract to hold his wedding there , "  They were very , very , very hard to get a hold of , " he said . "  I remember -LSB- the contract -RSB- being very short and it just said to hold the date . When I went back , I found it said they could charge my credit card at will . At the time I signed it I do n't remember all those pages being there . I do n't remember a whole 8 - or 12-page document , " Levin said . "  There were thousands of dollars charged to my card with no explanation . " He fought with the Salahis , dealing mostly with Michaele , throughout the run-up to his nuptials , he said . "  They wanted more money and I was n't releasing it , " he said . "  They threatened me with lawyers . They threatened to cancel the wedding . " In the end , Levin said , he paid up to make sure the wedding went ahead , then sued the Salahis afterward to get his money back . Tareq and Michaele , meanwhile , were engaged in a long court battle with his parents over the winery . Court records show Tareq sued his mother , Corinne , and the case was dismissed . Corinne sued Tareq and the case went to trial . The outcome is not clear from a Virginia courts Web site . Tareq and Michaele won control of the winery in 2007 , but it has run into debt since then . Oasis Winery filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy in February , according to U.S. Bankruptcy Court records in the Eastern District of Virginia . Tareq Salahi is listed as company president in the filing . Creditors listed include the IRS , Fauquier County , the state of Virginia , several banks and American Express Corp. , among others . The company claims about $ 335,000 in assets and $ 965,000 in liabilities . Among the debts listed are more than $ 60,000 in credit card debt and an "  unknown " amount in federal back taxes . "  Debtor has not filed corporate taxes since tax year 2006 , " the filing says . "  Has always previously had business loss , with refund flowing to shareholders . " Also listed is a $ 65 parking ticket in Montgomery County , Maryland , nearly $ 3,000 in gasoline purchases to Exxon-Mobil and more than $ 95,000 in legal fees . According to the February filing , Oasis made $ 1.7 million in 2007 but only $ 35,000 in 2008 . The filing lists two pending lawsuits against Oasis , one for more than $ 300,000 for "  catering services " and one judgment against the company . Under "  repossessions , " the filing lists a 2004 Aston Martin , which it estimates was worth $ 150,000 when it was repossessed in October 2008 . Some $ 85,000 was still owed , according to the filing . In addition , a boat valued at $ 90,000 was repossessed in June 2008 , with $ 56,000 still owed , according to court documents . The company also had closed a checking account , $ 3,800 in the red , about a year before the filing . Oasis owes $ 224,000 "  for rental of FedEx Redskins Suite and related hospitality services , " according to court documents . The Chapter 7 filing , under which a debtor 's assets are sold to pay creditors , followed an apparent effort to save the winery earlier . The business had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in December 2008 , with Salahi 's mother , Corinne , listing herself as president . A Chapter 11 bankruptcy is referred to as a "  reorganization " bankruptcy , according to the federal judiciary 's Web site . In addition to federal bankruptcy , Tareq and Michaele may now face criminal charges . The incident represents a security breach for the White House at the Obama administration 's biggest social event to date . More than 300 guests , including Cabinet members , diplomats and Hollywood celebrities , attended the dinner . If they lied to federal agents in order to get into the White House dinner , that is a federal crime , said Fran Townsend , CNN national security contributor . The agents tasked with protecting the president "  did not follow proper procedures , " Secret Service agent Edwin Donovan said in a statement , but said the gatecrashers went through metal detectors "  and other levels of security . " The Salahis are aspiring reality-TV stars who hoped to land roles in the forthcoming show , "  The Real Housewives of D.C. , " by the Bravo cable network , The Washington Post reported . In a statement Thursday , Bravo said , "  Michaele Salahi is under consideration as a cast member , as such -LSB- series producer -RSB- Half Yard Productions were filming the Salahis on that day . Half Yard was only aware that per the Salahis they had been invited -LSB- to the state dinner -RSB- as guests . " Video of the dinner showed the couple walking past journalists into the event . The couple also appears to have posted pictures on Facebook purportedly showing them gaining access to high profile events during inauguration week , according to The Washington Post 's Reliable Sources gossip column . Pictures on the couple 's joint Facebook account appear to show them in the first family 's glass-enclosed viewing area after a concert at the Lincoln Memorial , according to the Post . "  Tareq & Michaele were honored to be invited to President Obama 's private viewing box at the Lincoln Memorial , " the Facebook posting from inauguration weekend reportedly reads . "  Naturally this picture was taken after his departure . " Other pictures purportedly show them mingling with celebrities during inauguration weekend , including talk show host Oprah Winfrey at the Kennedy Center , according to the Post . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Shannan Butler and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : Tareq and Michaele Salahi named in at least 16 lawsuits , filed for Chapter 7 in February Couple posts Facebook photos purportedly showing them at inauguration events Secret Service admits it "  did not follow proper procedures " Service said Salahis went through metal detectors , other levels of security
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As a bill that would expand education benefits for veterans has become a flash point in the early sparring between Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama , some Republicans admit that the Democrats may have outmaneuvered them on the issue . Sen. John McCain has sided with President Bush on opposing a popular GI Bill in Congress . McCain has defended his opposition to the bill that would expand education benefits for veterans , saying it would hurt the military that he hopes to lead . The bill , which passed the Senate last week 75-22 , would expand education benefits for veterans who served at least three years in the military after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . A former Navy officer and prisoner of war during Vietnam , McCain says the bill would hurt military retention by 16 percent and be a disincentive for service members to become noncommissioned officers , which he called "  the backbone of all the services . " Democrats cite the Congressional Budget Office , whose figures say the expanded benefits would boost enlistment by 16 percent . Watch more of McCain 's comments " "  I think John McCain has been outmaneuvered , " said GOP strategist Ed Rollins , who had served as former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee 's presidential campaign chairman . "  Sometimes in politics , there are intellectual issues and emotional issues . " "  John McCain is going against veterans groups ; he is going against a constituency that should be his . ... But I think he is on the wrong side of this issue , " Rollins said . "  A lot of Republicans are voting for this , and I think to a certain extent as it moves forward there will be more and more . There will be tremendous pressure from veterans groups past and present and I think you will see a lot of bipartisan support for this as well . " Over the weekend , Obama , who appears to be the likely Democratic nominee , again tried to tie McCain to Bush by noting that both of them oppose the GI Bill expansion . "  I revere our soldiers and want to make sure they are being treated with honor and respect , " Obama said Saturday in Puerto Rico . "  I think the GI Bill is one way for us to do that , and I hope that John McCain and George Bush decide they believe the same thing . " Watch more of Obama 's comments " Obama has n't served in the military . "  It is really probably Barack Obama 's shining moment in this campaign . The way he phrased this debate , the way he framed the issue , " said Robert Zimmerman , a Democratic superdelegate who supports Sen. Hillary Clinton 's run for president . Watch analysts weigh in on the issue " "  Intellectually , John McCain may be right , the president may be right . Emotionally , you are on the wrong side , you can never win an emotional battle in an intellectual argument , " Rollins added . Rollins also said that despite McCain 's war hero status , history has shown veterans who run for president do n't always capture the veteran vote . "  I think the bottom line here in the statistic that was astonishing to me is George Bush 's father was a war hero lost the veterans ' vote to Bill Clinton who ... did not serve in a war , " Rollins said . "  Same way with Bob Dole , a war hero lost the vote . " McCain , along with Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Richard Burr of North Carolina , has introduced an alternative bill that would increase education benefits on a sliding scale based on an individual 's years of service . The GI Bill was created in June 1944 , when President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed into law the Servicemen 's Readjustment Act of 1944 . It was designed to help educate and train military veterans returning from WWII . According to the Department of Veterans Affairs , 7.8 million of 16 million troops who served in WWII received educational or vocational training from the GI Bill . Soldiers , Marines and airmen , speaking at a Capitol Hill rally on April 29 , said they are not given enough funds from the bill to cover college expenses as they were promised . Todd Bowers , who served two tours in Iraq , told a crowd of veterans , "  I came home proud , very proud of my service , with a Purple Heart on my chest and a Navy commendation medal with a ` V ' for valor . " "  But I did n't come back to the education I was expecting . I came back to three different types of student loans , two of which had gone to collections . " Najwa McQueen said she joined the Louisiana National Guard in 2004 on what she thought was a promise to help pay for her college education . "  They kind of sell you a dream , " she said after the rally . "  You think you 're going to get all of this stuff , and in reality , you do n't get that . " CNN 's Ed Hornick , Alexander Marquardt , Ed Henry , Eric Marrapodi , Mary Snow , Deirdre Walsh and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	Senate passes an update to the GI Bill , extending education benefits to veterans Sen. McCain and President Bush oppose it , citing retention problems Ed Rollins : McCain 's "  outmaneuvered " and "  on the wrong side of this issue "
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey 's government announced Friday that at least 682 inmates were participating in a hunger strike in at least 67 prisons across the country , but it insisted that no protesters were in critical condition . The statement by Turkey 's Justice Ministry directly contradicted reports issued by members of two opposition parties . Read more : Police , protesters clash at Republic Day march Dr. Aytug Atici , a medical doctor and a lawmaker from the secularist Republican People 's Party , told CNN that prisoners he met during a tour of detention facilities were starting to lose basic brain functions and were showing symptoms of starvation . "  None of the people who have been on strike for 50 days , at the time when we spoke to them  Wednesday  , could stand , " Atici said in a phone interview with CNN . "  They have begun to bleed anally and nasally . They are in critical condition . " Read more : Turkish government asks Kurdish prisoners to end hunger strike The Justice Ministry said that government doctors were checking the health of hunger strikers daily and that they were being regularly fed rations of salt , honey , lemon , sugar and vitamins . The maximum weight loss of protesters at one prison , the ministry reported , was 8 kilograms  about 18 pounds  , though it said that it was impossible to determine weight loss with some detainees because they "  refused to be weighed . " The hunger strike began more than a month ago , and has since spread throughout Turkey 's penal system . Most , if not all , of the protesters are ethnic Kurds . Their demands , according to officials from the Peace and Democracy Party -- Turkey 's largest and best-organized Kurdish nationalist party -- are twofold : permission to use the Kurdish language in education and in courtrooms , and an end to the solitary confinement and eventual liberation of Abdullah Ocalan . Read more : Kurdish rebels kidnap a lawmaker in Turkey Ocalan is the jailed founder of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK . The movement has been fighting a guerrilla war against the Turkish state for 30 years . Turkey , the U.S. and the EU officially label the PKK a terrorist organization . The hunger strike comes against a backdrop of steadily worsening PKK violence . According to a report published last September by the nonprofit conflict mediation organization International Crisis Group , the violence has killed more than 700 people in a 14-month period . Turkey 's prime minister has shown little sympathy for the hunger strikers . "  There is no hunger strike or anything . It 's a show , " Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in a statement before journalists during a visit to Berlin on Wednesday . He went on to suggest that the PKK had ordered the protesters to starve themselves . Read more : Prison fires prompt scrutiny of Turkey 's jails "  The political party or terrorist group members who told them to die are eating lamb kebabs among themselves , " he said . Atici , the opposition lawmaker who toured prisons this week , said Erdogan 's remarks appeared to have stiffened the protesters ' resolve . "  They were furious at the prime minister 's remarks ... they felt as if they were being mocked , " he said . "  Like their demands or not , they have put their bodies on the line . " Read more : Turkey releases 4 jailed journalists pending trial 's end The prison hunger strike is a phenomenon that harkens back to turbulent past decades of Turkish modern history . It was a protest measure used by leftists and communists in the 1990s and at the turn of the century that left scores of people dead . "  When we think about hunger strikes , we always think about people getting killed , " said Mehmet Ali Birand , a veteran journalist and anchor on Turkish television . "  I remember at that time in 1996 and 2000 , public opinion was very much against the government 's handling of the situation , " he added . "  But this time ... public opinion is not buying it ... they are not looking favorably at the hunger strikers . " On Friday , Turkey 's semiofficial Anatolian Agency reported another fatality in the long-simmering PKK conflict , which has claimed more than 30,000 lives over the last three decades . The news agency said that at least one soldier was killed and six wounded during a suspected PKK attack on a post in southeastern Turkey on Friday .	Government : There are at least 682 hunger strikers in at least 67 prisons across Turkey Opposition says some prisoners are in critical condition , but government disputes that Strikers call for use of alternate language in courts and schools , seek freedom for activist Turkey 's prime minister has shown little sympathy for the hunger strikers
CNN  -- They say the longest journey starts with a single step . But with "  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey , " the first in a trilogy adapted from J.R.R. Tolkien 's first novel , Peter Jackson has taken a different approach : He 's gone two steps forward and three steps back . In the process he 's undoubtedly made himself a whole lot richer . "  The Hobbit " is dominating screen space across the globe this weekend , and will certainly be among the biggest moneymakers of the year . But he 's also jeopardized the legacy of his own "  Lord of the Rings . " Fans wo n't want to hear it , but "  An Unexpected Journey " is a major comedown , a muddle-headed and cumbersome piece of filmmaking that betrays Jackson 's mercenary motives -- Tolkien 's book , too . "  The Hobbit " is far lighter work than what followed , and at approximately 350 pages , hardly crying out for the 10-hour magnum opus treatment  but three films are so much more profitable than one ! For fans , ` Hobbit ' is a family reunion In just shy of three hours , "  An Unexpected Journey " takes the story up to chapter seven -- about 140 pages in my paperback edition . Jackson has shown his elephantine tendencies before , in the bloated and indulgent extended editions of the "  Rings " films . But in the earlier trilogy -- which I admired and enjoyed , incidentally -- he clearly showed he had the measure of the material and understood both Tolkien 's moral convictions and the books ' darker forebodings of impending death and destruction . Even if it 's something of a dry run for Frodo 's odyssey , "  The Hobbit " is a different beast . There 's so much less at stake in the story of Bilbo Baggins  Martin Freeman  joining Gandalf  Ian McKellen  and a band of dwarves in a raid on a dragon 's mountainous lair . This is an adventure story , a caper with elves and goblins . And yet Jackson gives it the same portentous , heroic swagger ; the same doomy menaces . It 's just that this time the action is spooned out in thimbles . The rest of the running time is given over to dwarfish humor , endless , unfunny comic bluster and banter interspersed with duff warrior dirges and desperate close-ups of Freeman mugging . "  Sluggish " does n't begin to do justice to the way Jackson has padded out his narrative . But there 's worse , far worse , for anyone tempted to check out the movie in its 3-D , 48 frames per second incarnation  showcased in approximately 450 premium screens across North America  . The theory behind this cutting edge technology -- which doubles the 24 fps that has been standard in movies since the silent era -- is that the faster frame rate allows more luminescence , counterbalancing the loss incurred in 3-D . It 's clearer , brighter and more immersive -- in theory . In practice , it 's clearer , brighter , and utterly alienating . I have n't seen the movie screened at 24 fps , but at 48 , the grain of film has been replaced by the gloss of high definition video , which gives everything and everyone a fake , plastic sheen . "  An Unexpected Journey " may look sharp in TV showrooms or on your PS3 , but in the movie theater the picture 's clarity comes at the loss of texture , shading and consistency . Shifts from exteriors to dark interiors are especially jarring . Look also at the dull , flat orange taint that is meant to approximate candle light in numerous scenes , and compare that with the glow you find in "  Barry Lyndon , " or "  Fanny and Alexander , " or your own birthday snaps . Did Jackson embrace 48 fps to keep himself interested , because he knew he was retreading old ground ? Is he really blind to the limitations of this technology at this stage of its evolution ? I wo n't say it has no future , but for now this emperor has no clothes . It 's a colossal misjudgment . He 's put his name to the ugliest film of the year , a $ 270 million three-hour epic that looks like a TV show  "  Teletubbies " was the first to pop into my head , and "  Doctor Who " was the most flattering comparison I could come up with . In fairness , there are redeeming features : The movie does sputter into life in the last 45 minutes , especially during a lengthy battle of wits between Bilbo and Gollum . And Ian McKellen miraculously , alone among the cast , transcends the picture 's artificial surface and imposes himself on such drama as he can find . In my book that 's not enough return for three hours at the movies , or whatever inflated price they 're charging for your ticket now .	"  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey " is the first in a trilogy adapted from Tolkien 's first novel The film is just shy of three hours and takes the story up to chapter seven Critic says new technology displayed in the film does not serve it well
CNN  -- Amelie Mauresmo wants a second life -- one away from tennis . After calling time on an illustrious playing career with two grand slams safely tucked away , the Frenchwoman is arguably just as entrenched in the game as she ever was . Mauresmo is currently juggling roles as tournament director in Paris and captain of France 's Fed Cup team , alongside coaching and commentating stints . But the 34-year knows there will come a time when she walks away from the court once and for all , hopefully in the direction of her own vineyard . "  To be lucky enough to have lived one passion -- tennis -- is great but to learn many things and meet new people in a completely different area , atmosphere and world , why not ? " she tells CNN 's Open Court show . "  I have a high passion that is wine ; I am a wine lover , I have a big wine cellar . "  I read a lot of things about wine from around the world and different regions in France . I check sometimes with friends of mine about the wine chateaus that are for sale . " A world away from the tranquil vines associated with France 's verdant valleys is the slog of the professional tennis circuit -- Mauresmo 's home for well over a decade . As well as clinching those two major championships in 2006 -- the Australian Open and Wimbledon crowns -- she attained the coveted world No. 1 spot on several occasions and won a silver medal the 2004 Olympics . But when injuries began to mount in 2009 and Mauresmo took the decision to quit the court , a whole new world presented itself to her . "  It was the pressure , " she explains . "  The pressure that came out of my shoulders was huge . I was finally able to live a normal life , let 's say , to enjoy the things that I could not enjoy before . "  I also felt that I achieved as a tennis player everything that I could have done , so I think it made it quite easy for me to take the step out of it and to do other things . "  Honestly I was scared .  I thought  ` What am I going to do ? Is it going to be exciting enough ? How exactly is it going to be ? ' "  You are going into something and you have no clue what it is ... and I am really happy , I do n't regret anything . " Fast forward five years and Mauresmo is still intrinsically linked with tennis . In 2011 she was named tournament director of the GDF Suez Open in Paris , a competition she won three times as a player , before accepting the role of captain of France 's national women 's team in July 2012 . Mauresmo has a special place in her heart for the Fed Cup -- the female equivalent of the Davis Cup -- having won it in 2003 , triumphing in all eight of her singles rubbers . Alize Cornet , one of those involved in France 's Group II win over Switzerland last month , says Mauresmo is the best captain she has ever played for . She has also had success in her short coaching career , helping propel Marion Bartoli to the 2013 Wimbledon title before her compatriot 's shock decision to quit the sport . With 25 career singles titles to her name , and over $ 15 million accrued in prize money , Mauresmo 's name was , and still is , indelibly marked into the fabric of the women 's game . "  Tennis was all my life for 20 years , " she says . "  I owe so much to tennis as a person also because I really grew up and learned many things , I was talking earlier about the relationships with people and the strong connections that you get . "  I love that also to go on this journey but not alone -- really having people next to me , beside me , guiding me , learning from them , listening to them and giving them some things -- the exchange and the connection you have is quite interesting . "  And on the sports side you develop the competitiveness that you have inside of you , you really let it out . It 's an obsessive thing to be a professional athlete , it 's something you think about all the time . "  It 's everything you do , how you eat , how you sleep , what time you go to bed , the activities you do outside . It 's all related with your tennis and it 's something that is really taking all your life , and I also enjoyed it . "  It was a relief when it stopped but throughout your career it was really fulfilling you , and it 's quite interesting . " Given the knowledge and experience she has , tennis will miss Mauresmo when she departs . And when she does , what memory from her playing days will she treasure most ? "  Wimbledon in 2006 , " she replies , recalling a final in which she rallied from a set down to beat Justine Henin -- who had denied her Olympic gold in Athens -- and become the first Frenchwoman to win the prestigious title since Suzanne Lenglen in 1925 . "  It was really the emotion , the exhilaration the relief , being so proud of what I did , " Mauresmo adds . "  It was a feeling you really keep in yourself , you are not thinking about it every day in your life but it 's something that belongs to you and you cherish . "  Getting a medal in the Olympics is huge , winning the Fed Cup for my country , being number one in the world also is an amazing achievement , all those things but yes I would put Wimbledon on top . "	Amelie Mauresmo is still immersed in world of tennis four years after retirement Frenchwoman won two grand slam titles in a 15-year professional career She now is France 's Fed Cup captain and is a tournament director in Paris Mauresmo hopes to have second life away from tennis , indulging her passion for wine
CNN  -- Update : Britain 's Civil Aviation Authority reported Friday , that it is satisfied "  that while this was a reportable event , and both pilots were concerned they were suffering symptoms of severe fatigue and took controlled rest separately , they did not fall asleep at the same time . " Previous update published on September 26 , 2013 -- 2247 GMT  0647 HKT  : Cruising at 30,000 feet , pilots snoozed in the cockpit of a 300-passenger airliner en route to Britain last August , UK aviation authorities told CNN on Thursday . A spokesman for the UK 's Civil Aviation Authority tells CNN that the Airbus A330 incident occurred while the aircraft was operating on autopilot on a long-distance flight . The CAA would n't reveal any other details of the flight , its route or its destination airport . Sources told CNN 's Richard Quest the airline is Virgin Atlantic . The airline in a statement said , "  Virgin Atlantic can confirm no safety reports have been received about pilots falling asleep simultaneously whilst in control of an aircraft . " British pilots are allowed to sleep while in the cockpit under certain circumstances . The August 13 incident appears to be the result of bad scheduling by the airline , said the CAA spokesman Richard Taylor . The pilots reported having only five hours of sleep over two nights "  due to longer duty period with insufficient opportunity to sleep , " the CAA report states . "  Both crew rested for 20 minute rotations and fell asleep . " The aircraft apparently arrived at its destination safely . It 's the first British incident of its kind in two years , said Taylor . He said it 's unlikely the pilots will be disciplined . "  You ca n't have five hours of sleep in two days , " says veteran airline pilot and aviation consultant Mark Weiss . "  That does n't work . " Fatigue ranks among the most sensitive issues in the pilot community . Rules surrounding sleep and relief crews vary from country to country . Jim McAusian , general secretary of the British Pilots Association , used the incident to blast the CAA 's record on pilot fatigue in a statement Thursday , accusing it of being "  far too complacent about the levels of tiredness among British pilots and failing to acknowledge the scale of the underreported problem . " Next week , the European Parliament is expected to vote on new EU rules regulating pilot flying hours . McAusian said the proposed rules will increase "  tiredness among pilots and the risk of dangerous incidents . " In the U.S. , flights longer than eight hours require a relief pilot on board to take over so pilots can take a break to sleep . If the flight is scheduled to last more than 12 hours , an additional reliefÂ pilotÂ must be added . Should cockpit sleeping be allowed ? Believe it or not , some experts say pilots sleeping at the controls is n't always dangerous . Aviation rules in some nations allow pilots to nap in the cockpit during ultra-long-haul flights -- across oceans , for instance . Rules vary , but generally , the sleeping pilot must be supervised by another pilot during the naps . There are also backup alarm systems in place to awaken pilots if an emergency arises . The CAA refused to tell CNN whether it has evidence that both pilots were asleep simultaneously . The report is ambiguous , the agency says . If both pilots at the controls had fallen asleep simultaneously , Virgin Atlantic would be required to file a report with the CAA . The airline told CNN that it has no record of both pilots falling asleep at the same time . It 's possible the pilots were resting one at a time under an authorized cockpit napping program . Among U.S. pilots , cockpit napping violates FAA rules . But some experts , including Weiss , favor the idea . "  This is a personal belief , " he said , "  but I would rather have somebody take a nap during a cruise part of a flight so that pilot would be at peak performance during a high-traffic situation or a landing . " Unauthorized cockpit napping among U.S. pilots is n't "  that prevalent , " Weiss says , "  but that 's not to say it does n't happen . " Curt Graeber , who was with Boeing for 19 years , headed a NASA/FAA study that recommended the FAA allow cockpit napping . But the FAA has never adopted the idea . "  I think it 's political , " he told CNN . "  I guess it 's difficult to tell the public that the captain is asleep on the flight deck . " "  Everyone I talk to who uses it says it 's a stopgap measure to improve safety and reduce the risk of sleep loss . " Studies have shown , Weiss says , that taking a 20-minute nap will allow pilots to regain energy . "  It 's not a bad idea to allow pilots to take short naps , " he said . Instead of allowing in-flight napping aboard U.S. airlines , the FAA has mandated that long-haul routes include relief pilots and special onboard sleeping quarters that must be available for the flight crew . Other sleeping incidents Of course the UK sleeping incident revealed Thursday is n't the first of its kind . Last February , the Dutch airline Transavia said it had launched an investigation after a Boeing 737 pilot was locked out of the cockpit and his first officer was later found asleep at the controls . The sleeping pilot had been left alone at the controls while his co-pilot took a bathroom break . The incident took place in September 2012 , when the airliner was flying from Greece to the Netherlands , a top Dutch safety investigation agency said . The 737 landed safely in Amsterdam as scheduled . Related story : Pilot locked out of cockpit while co-pilot slept Fatigue played a role in the 2009 crash of Colgan Air Flight 3407 near Buffalo , New York , which killed 50 people . The National Transportation Safety Board report on the crash cited pilot error as a factor , adding , "  the pilots ' performance was likely impaired because of fatigue , but the extent of their impairment and the degree to which it contributed to the performance deficiencies that occurred during the flight can not be conclusively determined . " Also in 2009 , Northwest Flight 188 -- an Airbus A320 carrying 144 people and five crew members -- flew past the Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport . One of the pilots told CNN that no one was sleeping on the flight deck at the time . The two pilots "  became distracted by a conversation , " according to a report by the National Transportation Safety Board . Related story : Pilots say they were n't asleep when they overshot airport CNN 's Richard Quest , Erin McLaughlin and Nick Thompson contributed to this report .	Virgin Atlantic : We have no evidence that both pilots were asleep simultaneously Pilots of British airline slept in the cockpit at 30,000 feet , UK aviation officials say Report : The incident was "  due to longer duty period with insufficient opportunity to sleep " Some countries allow one pilot at a time to sleep in the cockpit , under certain circumstances
CNN  -- One of the nightmare scenarios of the 21st century is a "  rogue state " or terror group getting its hands on nuclear material that could be sufficiently enriched to make a weapon . And diplomatic cables obtained by WikiLeaks show that from central Africa to central Asia , it 's a constant preoccupation of U.S. officials . Two cables from 2007 detailed the discovery of uranium in "  multiple containers " in the Democratic Republic of Congo . "  All items have marking and labels indicating that they were produced in Belgium , " one says . The cables , written by the U.S. Embassy in neighboring Burundi , quote an unnamed informant as saying the uranium was found in a fortified bunker . "  It took four months to open the bunker . In the process of opening the bunker two men were killed by a grenade booby trap . There were also land mines planted around it , " one cable says . The informant , described by the Guardian newspaper as a local elder , added : "  One container weighing 3 kg is currently located in Bukavu and another 3 kg container is located in Goma , " two towns in eastern Congo . And he said he knew of "  someone who has 3 containers who would be willing to sell them . " Regarding the motivation of the man and his associates , the cable quoted them as saying "  they did not want these items to fall into the wrong hands , specifically mentioning that they did not want Muslims to possess the items . " And they were reluctant to notify the Congo authorities because "  they were afraid that the corrupt Congolese police would steal the items and sell it themselves . " For U.S. diplomats , one of the challenges is to work out what might amount to a real danger , and what might be a scam . The Congo informants were "  anxiously waiting for some sort of indication from us that we are willing to pay for it , " according to the cable . "  The men did not know if the uranium was weapon-usable fissile material , highly enriched uranium , what the percentage of uranium-235 isotope or other isotopes were , or how its content was determined . " In the end U.S. diplomats concluded : "  This case fits the profile of typical scams involving nuclear smuggling originating from the eastern DRC . " In 2006 , another cable -- from Dar es Salaam in Tanzania -- discussed the possible shipment of African uranium overseas . It says that "  according to a senior Swiss diplomat , the shipment of uranium through Dar es Salaam is common knowledge to two Swiss shipping companies . " The uranium was supposedly from Democratic Republic of Congo and was destined for Iran -- though embassy officials pointed out that the reports were unsubstantiated . Security at nuclear installations has been another cause for alarm . In 2006 , U.S. diplomats toured a non-functioning nuclear research center that included two reactors in the Congo capital , Kinshasa . One , according to the director of the center , contained "  5.1 kilograms of enriched uranium , " which is U-235 , enriched to 20 percent . The visitors noted : "  External and internal security is poor , leaving the facility vulnerable to theft . The fence is not lit at night , has no razor-wire across the top , and is not monitored by video surveillance . There is also no cleared buffer zone between it and the surrounding vegetation . " As for the guards , "  some are elderly , and some are occasionally caught sleeping on the job , " the cable adds . "  It is relatively easy for someone to break into the nuclear reactor building or the nuclear waste storage building and steal rods or nuclear waste , with no greater tool than a lock cutter . " In fact , two fuel rods had vanished from the facility in 1998 . One was subsequently found when the Mafia in Italy tried to sell it to unidentified buyers from the Middle East . The other was never recovered . Guarding nuclear materials appears to have been a problem in Yemen , too . A cable from the U.S. Embassy there earlier this year noted , "  The lone security guard standing watch at Yemen 's main radioactive materials storage facility was removed from his post on December 30 , 2009 , according to  name redacted  . " And it adds , "  Very little now stands between the bad guys and Yemen 's nuclear material . " U.S. President Barack Obama has made it a priority to secure vulnerable nuclear stocks within four years in a global drive to pre-empt nuclear terrorism . While some progress has been made , data from the International Atomic Energy Agency show there is plenty of nuclear material on the loose . In the year to June 2010 , the IAEA reported 61 incidents involving theft or loss . Five of the incidents involved high enriched uranium or plutonium , including one of illegal possession . Several cables refer to attempts to sell nuclear and radiological materials stolen in the wake of the collapse of the Soviet Union . One of the more bizarre incidents occurred in Portugal in 2008 , when a man walked into the U.S. Embassy to try to help sell "  uranium plates " owned by an unidentified ex-Russian general living in Portugal . "  The material was allegedly stolen from Chernobyl , " the cable says . "  The walk-in stated he is not on any medications and has not consulted any mental health specialists . " Several incidents are reported in cables from the Caucasus nations -- the most recent so far published referring to an incident last year . A car carrying three Armenians set off a gamma alarm as it crossed into Georgia . "  The driver of the vehicle said that he had recently had surgery , during which time a radioactive isotope was injected into his body , " an explanation that apparently satisfied the Georgian border guards . But the alarm sounded again when the car crossed the border at a later date and an inspection "  determined that the car was contaminated with Cesium-137 , " a radioactive isotope frequently found in the low-level waste from medical or research labs which in the wrong hands could be an ingredient for a "  dirty bomb . " However , a search of the vehicle failed to produce any radioactive material and the occupants were allowed to go . The Cesium-137 had apparently been delivered . One interesting aspect of that incident was that the alarm was set off by a "  radiation detection portal monitor , " hundreds of which have been installed at border crossings in many parts of the former Soviet Union as part of a program run by the U.S. Department of Energy . However , the effectiveness of the devices has been questioned . One cable on the incident says it "  reveals that some training gaps remain within the patrol police on how to appropriately handle alarms . " In another case that is not covered by the leaked cables published so far , two Armenians pleaded guilty last month to smuggling highly enriched uranium into the nation of Georgia , hiding it in a lead-lined box on a train from the Armenian capital , Yerevan , to Tbilisi in Georgia . Their illicit cargo was not detected by alarms , but they were eventually caught by a good old-fashioned sting operation . The two Armenians , a physicist and the former owner of a dairy business , are now serving long jail terms in Georgia	WikiLeaks cables show U.S. concerns about nuclear material on the world market Cables from 2007 describe a Congo incident thought to be a scam Other cables discuss the possible shipment of uranium from Africa
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- She stood by her husband throughout the contentious 2008 presidential campaign and during heated health care reform debates during his presidency . First lady Michelle Obama listens to remarks during a health care forum at the White House on Friday . Now , as the debate is reaching a fever pitch , first lady Michelle Obama is weighing in on the issue by focusing on how health care can affect families . "  What she 's doing is putting a personal and human face on the issue ... there 's nothing more crucial , " said Washington Post columnist Sally Quinn . "  Everybody gets sick , and everybody has someone in the family that gets sick . " "  I think if you can humanize it and personalize it , it suddenly brings it home to people -- especially those who are screaming and yelling about the government taking over , " Quinn said . On Friday , the first lady , a former hospital administrator , spoke about the issue to a crowd at the White House , highlighting her own family 's experience with health care . In one touching moment , Obama recalled when daughter Sasha exhibited signs of potentially deadly meningitis when she was 4 months old . "  We did n't know what , but he -LSB- the doctor -RSB- told us she could have meningitis , so we were terrified . He said get to the emergency room right away , " she said . "  Fortunately , things worked out . " "  But it is that moment in our lives that flashes through my head every time we engage in this health insurance conversation . It 's that moment in my life , because I think about what on earth would we have done if we had not had insurance . " Mrs. Obama not only faced the issue as a mother , but also as a daughter . "  My father has multiple sclerosis . He contracted it in his 20s . ... He was able to get up and go to work every day , even though it got harder for him as he got sicker and more debilitated . And I find myself thinking what would we had done as a family on the south side of Chicago if my father had n't had insurance . " Watch more of Michelle Obama 's message " Quinn says that personal story is critical in the health care debate -- something that has been lacking in the president 's message so far , which has often been deemed by pundits as too policy-oriented and too surgical in nature . "  What she 's doing is she 's humanizing the issue . And I think that has been missing in their -LSB- White House -RSB- campaign , " she says . "  He 's been so focused on the details and the strategy and the money that the individual problems and issues have seemed to have gotten lost in the fray . " Gloria Borger , a CNN senior political analyst , agreed . "  I think she 's always been a great asset to him , " she said . "  She can help in this health care debate by not getting involved in the minutiae of the bills , but essentially emphasizing the reason we need health care reform . And that 's what she will stick to . " Michelle Obama was a lightning rod -- both good and bad -- throughout her husband 's presidential campaign . Now , in her role as first lady , she has garnered greater support among American voters from both parties . A national survey by the Pew Research Center for People and the Press in April found that the first lady 's positive ratings have increased since her husband took office . The poll found that 76 percent of Americans had a favorable opinion of her , which is up from 68 percent in January . "  Much of the change has come among Republicans , especially Republican women , " the organization noted . "  About two-thirds of Republican women -LSB- 67 percent -RSB- have a favorable impression of Michelle Obama , a gain of 21 points since January . " But a first lady 's involvement in health care reform is nothing new . In the early '90s , first lady Hillary Clinton spearheaded the Clinton administration 's push for reform , holding meetings , testifying before congressional committees and , in general , taking charge of the issue . "  Hillary Clinton was the architect of health care reform , " Borger said . As for whether Michelle Obama is mirroring Clinton 's role , the answer from both Borger and Quinn is absolutely not . "  I do n't see any parallels at all . ... The Clintons came in , and they had run on the platform of buy one , get one free , a co-presidency and all of that . And she took over this huge thing herself . Bill was n't doing it , " Quinn said . She said the president , not Michelle Obama , was the was the one who pushed health care reform in his early domestic agenda . "  He promised in his campaign , and then he 's the one that did it . This is not Michelle 's plan . She has n't been doing the town meetings and the national press conferences , " she added . Borger said that the first lady is playing a completely different role . "  It 's a much more supportive role , and it 's a role out of the policy arena , but more in the arena of just why we ought to think we need reform . "	First lady Michelle Obama delivers remarks on health care reform Friday Obama recalls personal health stories about her daughter and father Analysts say her personal touch on the thorny issue could help her husband
CNN  -- Billy Wharton should be happy . "  Socialized health care " is on its way . The "  socialist agenda " is taking over America . And best of all , Barack Obama , a "  committed socialist ideologue , " is in the Oval Office . But Wharton , co-chair of the Socialist Party USA , sees no reason to celebrate . He 's seen people with bumper stickers and placards that call Obama a socialist , and he has a message for them : Obama is n't a socialist . He 's not even a liberal . "  We did n't see a great victory with the election of Barack Obama , " Wharton says , " and we certainly did n't see our agenda move from the streets to the White House . " Are many Americans secret socialists ? Obama 's opponents have long described him as a socialist . But what do actual socialists think about Obama ? Not much , says Wharton . "  He 's the president whose main goal is to protect the wealth of the richest 5 percent of Americans . " He and others say the assertion that Obama is a socialist is absurd . "  It makes no rational sense . It clearly means that people do n't understand what socialism is . " Definitions of socialism vary , but most socialists believe workers and consumers who are affected by economic institutions should own or control them . Not all socialists , though , want to confiscate personal property . Democratic Socialists are more interested in protecting ordinary people from unregulated capitalism through regulation and progressive taxation . Some of the socialist agenda is already part of American life , according to Wharton and others . Social Security , Medicare , unemployment benefits -- all reflect socialistic values , says Van Gosse , an associate professor of history at Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster , Pennsylvania , who has researched socialist movements in the United States and Latin America . The widely accepted notions of public education and Pell Grants for college students are socialistic in origin , Gosse says . They fit well with the socialistic premise that government should provide basic security from the cradle to the grave to all of its citizens , he says . "  We assert that education should not be left up to the private market -- where those who can pay , get it and those who ca n't , do n't get it , " Gosse says . "  It 's a common good and in that sense it is a socialistic institution even if the U.S. remains a capitalist nation . " Why socialists hate Obama 's health care bill Those who call Obama a socialist , though , point to his policies . Big on their hit list : "  Obamacare , " which they call "  socialized medicine . " Socialists scoff at the notion . They do n't applaud the passage of the recent health care bill either . They wanted a national "  single-payer " health insurance plan with a government option . The bill that Obama championed did n't have any of those features . Wharton said the new health care bill only strengthens private health insurance companies . They get 32 million new customers and no incentive to change -- something a socialist would n't accept . "  Most of it was authored by the health care industry , " Wharton says . "  I call it the corporate restructuring of health care . " Other critics point to Obama 's Wall Street bailout -- which actually had its roots in the Bush administration . Critics say it 's socialistic for government to assume control of private industry . Frank Llewellyn , national director of the Democratic Socialists of America , says the bailout had nothing to do with socialism . Llewellyn says a socialist leader would have at least nationalized some of the troubled banks . "  He gave them -LSB- the banks -RSB- too much with no strings attached , " Llewellyn says . "  Banks that were too big to fail are bigger , and they can still fail . " How about Obama 's bailout of the Detroit auto industry ? During the bailout , the federal government assumed partial ownership of General Motors . "  It 's not socialism , " Llewellyn says . "  The mere fact that the government owns something or has a stake in it , does n't make it socialist . If that was true , you would say that we have a socialist army . The government owns the army . " Defining socialism is complex , Llewellyn says , but it starts with a simple goal : Socialists want to introduce democratic features into the economy to reduce inequality . The economy has "  to be run for the overall benefit of the entire population , not for the benefits of a very few people . " By that measure , Obama 's economic policies are not socialist , he says . "  He 's trying to save capitalism from itself rather than a radical trying to change into a new system , " Llewellyn says . This kind of name-calling is not new . Civil rights demonstrators and the politicians who passed Medicare were also called socialists and communists , Llewellyn says . "  Every time an expansion of the public 's right has been put forward , Republicans have called it extreme , communistic and socialistic . It 's a repeated tactic because they ca n't defeat the idea . " A Tea Party member explains why Obama is a socialist Those arguments do n't sway Conrad Quagliaroli , a Tea Party member who says Obama is a socialist . He says that Obama 's voting record as a senator was more to the left than the U.S. Senate 's sole socialist , Bernie Sanders of Vermont . He says Obama 's association with radicals and his pledge to "  spread the wealth " seal his socialistic credentials . "  The role of government is to provide a safe environment to conduct business , not to take from one and give to the other , " says Quagliaroli , a financial planner who lives in Woodstock , Georgia . Quagliaroli was not persuaded by the arguments of other socialist leaders who reject the idea that Obama is a socialist . "  He 's just not socialist enough for them . " Quagliaroli says he does n't like socialism because it breeds mediocrity and encourages people to "  live on the dole . " Capitalism "  breeds excellence " because it encourages initiative , he says . Does that mean that Quagliaroli will refuse his Social Security checks , a government program that has been described as socialistic , and which he opposes ? Not necessarily , says Quagliaroli . He says he 'll accept his Social Security checks for two reasons . "  They confiscated it from me to begin with , and the more money they give me , the less they 'll have to waste , " he says . "  I can spend it better than they can . I do n't pay $ 500 for a hammer . " The argument over Obama 's ideology may rage on , but at least one socialist says another prominent politician ought to be inserted into the debate . Llewellyn , the national director of the Democratic Socialists of America , says he was struck by one player in the 2008 presidential elections who displayed more socialistic leanings than Obama . This candidate raised taxes on the big oil companies , and sent the revenue to the people . If you want to learn something about spreading the wealth , Llewellyn says , do n't look to Obama . "  To be honest , the most socialist candidate in the 2008 election was Sarah Palin . "	Obama has been called a socialist but what do actual socialists say ? Socialist leader : Obama is n't even a liberal Socialists say many Americans already accept socialism Tea Party member : Obama wants to spread the wealth
South Korea and Japan on Friday postponed the signing of a landmark military intelligence pact after the prospect stirred discontent among Koreans . Japan occupied Korea for 35 years during the first half of the 20th century , and anti-Japanese sentiment still lingers . The two countries had originally been scheduled to sign the accord in Tokyo on Friday . But the ceremony has been put on hold pending consultations on the matter with the South Korean National Assembly , an official at the South Korean Foreign Ministry said . The planned pact is intended to "  provide a legal framework on sharing classified military information , " including the threat from nuclear-armed North Korea , Cho Byung-jae , a spokesman for the South Korean Foreign Ministry , had said Thursday . But as news of the proposed deal suddenly emerged this week , Koreans expressed misgivings . "  This is clearly a deception , " said Kim Hwan-young , the head of Korean Veterans for Peace . "  I am angry at the fact that our government pushed the deal ignoring the national sentiment . We were colonized by Japan for more than three decades and we also suffered separation and civil war because of Japan . " Japan has been accused of forcing thousands of Koreans to enroll into the military during the occupation between 1910 and 1945 and of coercing hundreds of thousands of women to serve as sex slaves . They were known as "  comfort women " for soldiers in the Japanese Imperial Army . Street protests and lawsuits in South Korea have sought redress for the sufferings of the comfort women . The idea of a military deal between the two countries appeared to revive some of that anger . "  I do n't want this treaty to take place , " Choi Jong-kwan , who works for a legal firm in Seoul , said before the postponement of the pact was announced . "  I am especially not happy at the fact that the signing will take place in Japan . " Tokyo and Seoul have also been arguing about who has sovereignty over a group of small islands , known as Dokdo in Korea and Takeshima in Japan . Japan has long claimed the islets in the sea east of Korea as its territory , but Seoul insists all Korean territory was returned after independence in 1945 . "  There is still national sentiment on the history and the Dokdo Island dispute , " said Moon Chung-in , a political science professor at Yonsei University . "  They should have gotten some concession from Japan on the issues and also made the process public , " said Moon , a former national security adviser to the administration of former president , Roh Moo-hyun . Other observers have argued in favor of the deal , noting the present threat to both countries from the secretive North Korean regime . "  The treaty was inevitable given the current trend in northeast Asia including that of China 's growing influence and its ties with North Korea , " said Kim Tae-woo , the head of Korean Institute for National Unification . "  South Korea is good with human intelligence , while Japan has an upper hand in technology intelligence , " said Kim , who is also a former vice president of the Korea Institute for Defense Analyses . "  The two nations are likely to cooperate when it comes to the North Korean threat . " South Korea has already signed similar treaties with 23 other countries , including the United States and Russia , according to the South Korean Foreign Ministry . And Seoul and Tokyo have deep and long-established economic ties . As of 2011 , Japan and South Korea were each others ' third largest trading partners , according to Korea International Trade Association . Some South Koreans said they thought it was time for Seoul and Tokyo to move on from the past . "  For the sake of the interest of the country , we need to put historical factors behind us , " said Park Sung-kwon , who works for a construction company in Seoul . "  I support the deal . "	The planned treaty has revived memories of Japan 's occupation of Korea The South Korean government says it wants to consult with lawmakers The two countries were meant to sign the deal in Tokyo on Friday The accord is intended to allow the sharing of classified military information
The father of 15-year-old Jared Padgett does not understand what compelled his son to open fire at his Oregon school . Padgett killed one student this week at Reynolds High School in Troutdale , about 12 miles east of Portland . He also injured a teacher , before turning the gun on himself . "  I , Michael Padgett and my ex-wife , Kristina , are grieved in our hearts for the tragic event that involved our beloved son Jared at Reynolds High School . We are finding it very difficult to put into words our state of mind and emotions , " the father wrote in a letter he gave to CNN affiliate KPTV . He offered condolences to the family of the student his son killed , 14-year-old Emilio Hoffman , and apologized to the teacher . Authorities have said there is no known link between Padgett and his victims . They have declined to comment on a possible motive . "  We are at a loss as to how and why this tragedy unfolded . Our family does not condone and has never promoted violence or hatred toward anyone , " Padgett 's father wrote . "  The values that we have taught our children are love in Jesus Christ , compassion , forgiveness , and patience . These were all natural attributes we observed within Jared daily . "  Knowing that these are the values that we have taught our children , we are horrified and distraught by the actions perpetrated by our son , " he said .	Jared Padgett killed one student and injured a teacher He died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound "  We are horrified and distraught , " writes his father
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A bombing at a wedding ceremony in Afghanistan 's Kandahar province was carried out by a suicide bomber wearing an explosives-laden vest , the interior ministry said Thursday . The explosion Wednesday in the village of Nagaan killed 40 people and wounded 74 others , the interior ministry said . The Taliban said it was not responsible for the attack . The International Security Assistance Force confirmed the bombing but did not provide a casualty count . "  This ruthless violence brought to the Afghan people at what should have been a time for celebration demonstrates the Taliban 's sickening and indiscriminate tactics to try to intimidate the citizens of Afghanistan , " said Lt. Gen. Nick Parker , Deputy Commander , International Security Assistance Force on Thursday . The village is about 30 kilometers  19 miles  from the city of Kandahar . The explosion came during the wedding dinner , between 9:30 and 10 p.m. , striking the area where the men and boys were dining separately from the women . All the casualties were men or boys , village officials said . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report	NEW : Taliban denies responsibility Bomber had on suicide vest , says interior ministry Explosion killed 40 , wounded 74 ISAF : Attacks shows Taliban 's ` sickening ' tactics
CNN  -- The man who has admitted to leaking classified documents about U.S. surveillance programs appears to have his sights set on Ecuador . Edward Snowden , who is charged with espionage in the United States , has asked for asylum in the South American country , its foreign minister said . WikiLeaks , which facilitates the publication of classified information and has said it 's helping Snowden 's asylum bid , said Sunday that Snowden was heading to Ecuador "  via a safe route . " "  Once Mr. Snowden arrives in Ecuador , his request will be formally processed , " WikiLeaks said in a statement on its website . CNN spotted a car with diplomatic plates and an Ecuadorian flag at Moscow 's airport on Sunday . And the Reuters news agency reported that Ecuador 's ambassador to Russia said he would be meeting with Snowden at a Moscow airport hotel . As word spread that Snowden had left his Hong Kong hideout and was headed to Russia on Sunday , the former NSA contractor became the center of a global guessing game . Media reports speculated that he could be traveling to Ecuador , Venezuela or Cuba -- all countries where leaders have sharply criticized what they call the U.S. government 's imperialist approach . Why would Ecuador win out ? Is that country likely to grant Snowden asylum ? Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa , a left-leaning economist , has railed against the United States in concert with allies in Latin America . Lawmakers say tenuous ties shaken further as Snowden lands in Russia And it 's been nearly a year since the South American country approved a similar asylum request from WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , who is now holed up inside Ecuador 's embassy in London . He faces arrest in Britain and possible extradition to Sweden if he leaves the embassy . Ecuadorian Foreign Minister Ricardo Patino has called on British authorities to reconsider Assange 's case , describing it as "  politically motivated . " On Sunday , he said that authorities would review Snowden 's petition and give him a reply as soon as possible , Ecuador 's state-run Andes news agency reported . Embassy life like ' a space station , ' Assange says The foreign minister is scheduled to speak at a news conference Monday from Vietnam , where he is traveling on a state visit . On Sunday , a senior administration official said the United States was asking Ecuador , Cuba and Venezuela not to let Snowden in or expel him if he enters their countries . A source familiar with the matter said the U.S. government had revoked Snowden 's passport . There appear to be no direct flights from Moscow to Ecuador , and it 's unclear whether Snowden could have a connecting flight in another country . Tom Fuentes , CNN law enforcement analyst and a former assistant director of the FBI , pointed out that Ecuador has n't granted Snowden asylum yet . WikiLeaks ' Assange urges support for Snowden , slams Obama "  Right now who knows where he 's going to ultimately end up , or how long it 's going to take him or how many connecting flights , " Fuentes said on Sunday . "  And you know , he 's pushing the envelope of how many places he can try to go before he would fall into hands of being in custody and possibly extradited back to the U.S. "  Or technically , because he does not have a valid U.S. passport , and if he does not have another valid passport , then the next situation could be for those countries to say , ` you 're here illegally and we 'll deport you , ' " Fuentes said . Wherever Snowden goes next , U.S. officials have said they plan to push to prosecute him . But Jonathan Turley , a law professor at George Washington University , told CNN that extradition treaties "  are read differently by countries in different circumstances . " The United States has its share of critics who say it ignores international law regarding the treatment of prisoners or the use of drone attacks , and host countries are allowed to question "  whether a charged crime was a political act . " "  It does n't help to have all these senators and members of Congress calling for this guy 's head , " Turley said , referring to lawmakers who have accused Snowden of treason . "  All this hue and cry adds to the sort of political perspective of this case . That is not going to help the U.S. State Department or the Justice Department . " Assange : How notoriety has changed a trapped man CNN 's Phil Black , Elise Labott and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : Political "  hue and cry " does n't help chances for extradition , lawyer says CNN analyst : "  He 's pushing the envelope of how many places he can try to go " Ecuador 's foreign minister says he 's requested asylum there Snowden had been hiding out in Hong Kong , but WikiLeaks helped him leave
CNN  -- Hundreds of veterans may have been exposed to hepatitis B , hepatitis C and HIV because of medical oversights that allowed insulin pens to be used on more than one patient at a Veterans Administration hospital in Buffalo , New York , according to a memo from the Department of Veterans Affairs to Congress . "  On November 1 , 2012 , officials at the  Veterans Affairs Western New York Healthcare System  reported that while conducting pharmacy inspection rounds on the inpatient units , they discovered that insulin pens intended for individual patient use were found in the supply drawer of the medication carts without a patient label on them , " said the memo , obtained by CNN through the office of U.S. Rep. Brian Higgins , D-New York . "  Although the disposable needles were changed each time it was used , the insulin pens intended for individual patient use may have been used on more than one patient . " "  There is a very small chance that some patients could have been exposed to the hepatitis B virus , the hepatitis C virus , or HIV , based on practices identified at the facility , " the congressional memo states . "  The health system  determined that all veterans who were prescribed the insulin pen during an inpatient stay from October 19 , 2010 , to November 1 , 2012 , should be notified . " The veterans ' health care system has found that 716 patients may have been affected during this time period , Jim Blue , regional director of the VA 's Office of Public and Intergovernmental Affairs , told CNN . "  Veterans and their families will have an opportunity to speak with a nurse who will answer questions they may have and assist with managing followup care , " Blue said . VA under scrutiny after Legionnaires ' cases However , slow patient outreach has also been a contentious issue . "  Beyond the fact that the error occurred at all , most concerning was the length of time it took the Buffalo VA to catch the error -- over two years , as well as the three-month delay in informing patients who may have been exposed , " Higgins , whose district includes the city of Buffalo , wrote in a letter to the VA on Monday . "  Also detail why affected patients were n't notified immediately . " Insulin pens are injector devices designed to allow multiple self-injections for one person , according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention 's website . Because blood may enter the insulin cartridge after injection , blood-borne pathogens can be transmitted from one person to another even after the needle has been changed . The devices are never to be used by more than one person . "  Unfortunately , since the day that new technology was introduced at the VA , they did not have a protocol in place that let the nurses know they were not supposed to use the cartridge on more than one patient , " Republican U.S. Rep. Chris Collins told CNN affiliate WGRZ . Collins also called the situation in Buffalo "  unacceptable . " The health system will continue to contact all people potentially affected by this issue , answer all questions , provide necessary information and help arrange blood tests or medical followup , according to the memo sent to Congress . Higgins has also requested a detailed response outlining what steps will be taken to prevent any similar issues in the future . Ex-hospital worker indicted over hepatitis Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Insulin pens were erroneously used on multiple patients in a VA hospital , memo says Shared items may have exposed 716 veterans to hepatitis B , hepatitis C and HIV Incorrect use lasted from October 2010 to November 2012 , memo says
CNN  -- You 'd think John Isner and Nicolas Mahut would be sick of the sight of each other . But from the ashes of their record-breaking marathon match at Wimbledon in 2010 -- officially the longest in tennis history -- an enduring "  bromance " has blossomed . It had to , after the pair walked on court for a low-key first-round match in the men 's singles draw , limping off three days later after 11 hours of tennis , battered , bruised , fatigued , but lauded as heroes the world over . Even if either should go on to win a glut of major titles in their respective careers , it is entirely possible they will still forever be known for "  the marathon match . " Far from resenting the attention their epic encounter brought them , the pair are firm friends ; not surprising , given they are the only players on the planet to know just how much that eight-hour final set , which ended 70-68 in Isner 's favour , can take from you . "  I 'm actually really close with him , " Isner told CNN 's Open Court . "  Prior to that match , I knew him but it seemed in passing , I 'd give him a head nod , nothing more than that but from that match , I 've realized that he is one of the nicest , classiest guys on tour . "  He actually is a really good friend of mine . We keep in touch all the time so we developed a friendship from that match , obviously sharing a court for three days . " Isner is now officially the highest ranked American in the world following Andy Roddick 's retirement , but try as he might to move on from the marathon match it is almost always top of the list when tennis fans approach him . So what was it like to be involved in an episode that transfixed the world ? "  Yeah , it was crazy . I do n't think people will remember the fact that I won that match . I think it would be more the fact that we played it ... Nicolas Mahut , he was a warrior that day , " Isner said . "  I do hear it all the time , it 's something that 's going to stick with me forever but I 've feel like I 've done some things out of that match . I 've broken the top 10 . "  I had a few marquee wins under my belt so I 've done some good things to try to shed that label but it 's up to me to keep doing more . " Many expected a tight encounter , given the serving prowess of both players and Isner won that battle too , firing down 112 aces compared to Mahut 's 103 . For a player who stands at 6 foot 9 inches , Isner 's serve is undoubtedly the most powerful weapon in his armory . When it fires , few in the world can live with him , even in this golden age of Federer , Murray , Djokovic and Nadal . He has five ATP Tour titles to his name , winning twice at the Newport and Winston-Salem events . Last weekend he competed at Indian Wells , where in 2012 he saw off world No. 1 Novak Djokovic before losing to Roger Federer in the final . On Saturday he was beaten in his opening match by Australian veteran Lleyton Hewitt . "  If I can get that opportunity where I can play those guys ranked in the top five of the world , that 's when I usually see myself raise my game , " Isner explains . "  I like playing on those big stages and I think that 's one of the main reasons why I beat Federer , I beat Djokovic and I almost beat Rafa at the French Open of all places . That 's why you play this game -- to get a crack at those guys , try to take it to them . "  Outside of my serve , I think my forehand is my best shot , " he added . "  It 's no secret . My game is n't rocket science . The more aggressive I am , the better my results are going to be . "  I have to be really aggressive with my forehand . Something that I 'm constantly working on . I need to return better . If I can do that , I 'll see a lot more success but my serve is my weapon and that 's something that I rely on all the time . " But while that towering frame benefits his imposing serve , it can also hinder his movement around the court . No surprise then , that Isner invests a huge amount of training time on improving his on-court coverage . "  I 'm always trying to work on my weaknesses which in the main part is my movement . I can improve that aspect. , " he said . "  If I can improve my movement just a little bit , my game will improve a lot so other than that , my height certainly helps me with my serve first and foremost but it 's also a bit of a detriment when it comes to moving around the court . " "  The game is pretty physical today where you see these guys running down balls . You ca n't hit a winner on some of these guys but for me , that 's not the case . " Isner may have found it difficult to shake off the "  marathon man " tag but there are some other things that have stuck with him by his own choosing -- like his love for wrestling . The spectacle of World Wrestling Entertainment may not be to everyone 's tastes but Isner and his friends still gather round to watch it every week . "  Although it is scripted , I do have great respect for these guys . A lot of guys make fun of me but these guys are actually putting their bodies on the line , " he said . "  Growing up in North California , me and all my friends , it was pretty sad but our weeks revolved around a Monday night . "  Monday night wrestle would come on and we 'd all huddle up and pay per views would come on and I 'd get 10 of my friends to come over -- $ 5 each , so we could pay the $ 50 to watch the pay per view . "  It 's something that I 've always liked and I have n't grown out of it either . You know , at 27 at 6 ft 10 ins , I have n't grown out of that stage so for me , it 's something I do to pass time on Monday nights . "	"  Marathon men " John Isner and Nicolas Mahut have forged close friendship Their first round match at Wimbledon in 2010 is the longest in tennis history By the end of their 11-hour match they 'd become famous the world over Isner speaks regularly to Mahut who he calls one of the "  classiest guys on tour "
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo 's sixth-minute strike saw holders Manchester United become the first English team to win in Porto , reaching the semifinals of the Champions League 3-2 on aggregate in the process . Ronaldo scores in spectacular style as Manchester United reached the Champions League semis . The European Player of the Year fired a spectacular 35-yard strike into the top corner as United remained on course to become the first team to retain the Champions League -- and will now face Premier League rivals Arsenal for a place in the final in Rome . The stunning goal was Ronaldo 's 20th of the season but only his second in the Champions League since scoring the opener in last year 's final in Moscow . After drawing the first leg 2-2 at Old Trafford , Porto only needed a low-scoring draw to reach the last four , but in truth they never looked threatening against a United defense superbly marshalled by Nemanja Vidic and the returning Rio Ferdinand . In fact , had Vidic been able to keep his close-range effort under the crossbar after John O'Shea had got the faintest of touches to a Ryan Giggs corner just before the interval , United would surely have completed their task in the first 45 minutes . "  We were very solid at the back tonight and that stability helped us , " United manager Sir Alex Ferguson told Sky Sports . "  The return of Rio Ferdinand alongside Vidic was a major boost and scoring an early goal helped settle us . It was a great strike by Cristiano and although we did n't score a second goal , I thought we never looked in danger of conceding , " he added . The result puts Ferguson head-to-head with his old foe , Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger , for a place in the final against either Chelsea or Barcelona . It also keeps alive United 's dreams of claiming an astonishing five trophies this season after also winning the English League Cup and the Club World Cup .	Manchester United beat Porto 1-0 to reach the Champions League semifinals Cristiano Ronaldo scores a sixth-minute stunner to put holders into last four United become first English team to win in Porto and now face rivals Arsenal
CNN  -- Travelers across the United States arrived en masse at airports , hit the roads and boarded trains Wednesday , a day before the Thanksgiving holiday . "  It 's actually surprisingly not as much of a disaster as I thought it was going to be , " said Rafi Samuels-Schwartz , 25 , who was waiting at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport to board a plane to Minneapolis , Minnesota -- a flight that was on time , he added . "  It was n't pandemonium , it was n't a scene from ` Independence Day , ' " he said . "  I thought it was going to be considerably worse . " The number of people traveling this holiday weekend is expected to increase slightly , compared with last year , although the number traveling by air is expected to decline , according to the American Automobile Association , a motorist and traveler organization . The AAA , which surveyed 1,350 American households , projects that 38.4 million people will travel over the holiday weekend , up from 37.8 million last year . However , the number traveling by air is expected to decline to 2.3 million , the automobile association said . In 2008 , 2.5 million people traveled by plane for Thanksgiving . See the FAA 's flight delays map AAA said the slight increase in the number of Thanksgiving travelers from last year reflects improved consumer confidence as well as "  a growing sense among many consumers that the worst of the global economic crisis is behind us . " Citing excess baggage fees and surcharges for jet fuel , along with delays and flight groundings , AAA spokesman Geoff Sundstrom said it 's "  not a very friendly environment this decade for the airline industry or the airline traveler . " David Ross , who was at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago , Illinois , with his wife and four children to catch a flight to Cancun , Mexico , offered some advice . "  You have to be calm and collected when you come to this airport , especially on a day like today , " Ross , from Libertyville , Illinois , told CNN affiliate WGN . However , by 1 p.m. ET , delays at the country 's airports appeared to be minimal , according to the Federal Aviation Administration 's Web site . It reported that some arriving flights at the airports in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; Newark , New Jersey , and at LaGuardia Airport in New York were delayed because of low cloud ceilings . "  So far , so good , " traveler Andy Warman told CNN affiliate WABC at LaGuardia Airport . "  My flight 's on time , so I 'm pretty happy about that , " added Warman , who was headed to Miami , Florida , to see family . At Washington 's Reagan National Airport , the morning lines seemed like those of any other day . "  It 's deserted , " one woman told CNN affiliate WJLA . "  There 's nobody here . " Of course , the bulk of Thanksgiving travelers will be going by car , AAA said -- about 33.2 million . "  I 'm going to probably end up sitting in traffic for five hours , " said Jack DeManche , 21 , a student at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst , who plans on driving home Wednesday night to Uxbridge , Massachusetts . The drive is usually only about two hours from Amherst , but DeManche -- a resident adviser at the school -- wo n't be able to leave until he closes one of the student residence halls . "  I have to work until at least 6 p.m. , and then I have to pack up , " he said , adding that in years past , the drive has taken more than twice as long as it does on nonholiday weeks . But even so , he said , he 'd rather brave the drive home Wednesday night than Thursday morning . "  I 'd so much rather get home tonight , " he said . In Oklahoma , the state 's department of public safety said multiple accidents had shut down Interstate 35 in both directions around Billings . CNN affiliate KWTV said the closures occurred around 12:25 p.m. . In California , an accident on the Golden Gate Bridge prompted authorities to close the bridge for a time , snarling traffic . The bridge reopened shortly after noon  3 p.m. ET  , but Golden Gate Bridge District spokeswoman Mary Currie said the backup of traffic would take some time to clear . About 2.9 million people will travel by train , watercraft , bus or a combination of transportation modes , and 2.3 million will travel by air , the automobile association predicted . Jennifer Burrell , from Tucker , Georgia , said she , her husband and their two daughters were driving Thursday morning to just outside of Asheville , North Carolina . They 'll return Sunday . She said she was n't expecting traffic on the way up , but "  it always gets heavy " on the way back . Of course , some Americans are not traveling at all . Heather McKinnon of Broomfield , Colorado , said she is staying home with family for Thanksgiving . "  I do n't like to fly and really rarely like flying on holidays , " she said , adding that she would consider driving . "  I know what it 's like going through the airport , " she said . Plus , she added , "  everything I love is here . " CNN 's Taylor Gandossy and Augie Martin contributed to this report .	AAA predicts 38.4 million Americans will travel over the holiday weekend AAA attributes slight increase to improved consumer confidence Those traveling by air probably will decline to 2.3 million , from 2.5 million last year The bulk of travelers will be going by car , AAA says
Star NFL linebacker Junior Seau -- just 43 years old when he took his own life last May -- suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy , a neurodegenerative brain disease that can follow multiple hits to the head , the National Institutes of Health said Thursday . Questions of CTE came up immediately after Seau 's body was found , with a handgun nearby , in the bedroom of his home in Oceanside , California . CTE can result in Alzheimer 's - like symptoms such as dementia , memory loss , aggression and depression , but it can be diagnosed only after death . In a statement issued Thursday , Seau 's family said , "  While the NIH 's findings have provided a measure of comfort , we remain heartbroken that Junior is no longer with us , and are deeply saddened to receive confirmation that he suffered from such a debilitating condition . "  Junior was a loving father , teammate and committed member of his community , " the statement continued . "  That is how we will always remember him . " Seau 's death adds to dark legacy of championship team Seau 's family donated his brain to the National Institutes of Health for research , and Thursday the NIH released a statement saying "  abnormalities were found that are consistent with a form of  CTE  . " According to the pathology report from the NIH , five researchers -- two NIH neuropathologists and three independent experts -- examined slides of Seau 's brain and all confirmed that there were signs consistent with CTE . None of the researchers was aware of the identity of the brain when initially looking at it . In a recent study , researchers found CTE in 34 of 35 deceased NFL players whose brains were donated by family members . Dr. Ann McKee , the director of neuropathology at VA Boston and a co-author of that study , says the CTE diagnosis in the Seau case was not unexpected . "  From what I 've read about the symptoms  Seau  was experiencing the last couple of years -- the ones relayed by the family -- it is not surprising to me that he had this disease , " said McKee , who was not involved in the Seau case . "  It does n't sound like it was early CTE , that it was becoming quite widespread in the brain . And he was young at the time of death . It is another sad day to see another fairly well-established case of CTE . " A brain with CTE is riddled with dense clumps of a protein called tau . Under a microscope , tau appears as brown tangles similar to dementia . However , the Boston study showed this progressive , tau protein array in football players much too young for a dementia diagnosis , which typically occurs in people in their 70s or 80s . Opinion : Seau was hurting , and did n't know how to say it What may be a surprise to some is that Seau was never diagnosed with a concussion in all the years he played football . That points to the bigger mysteries of the disease that scientists such as Dr. Julian Bailes , the co-director of the NorthShore Neurological Institute , hope to someday solve . "  It is not unprecedented that he did n't have a concussion history . That 's part of the problem in figuring this out , " Bailes said . "  It seemed logical at first that it would be people with multiple concussions that would be at risk of CTE . As we 've learned more , it was surprising that some of those at risk for CTE were players who did not have a history of concussion . " Seau was one of a string of high-profile NFL players -- along with Dave Duerson , Shane Dronett and Shane Easterling -- who took their own lives and were later diagnosed with CTE . Not everyone who is exposed to repeated head trauma would develop the disease , experts say . "  Based on what we know thus far , I think we have to assume that the No. 1 risk factor we have is the degree or extent of exposure , " Bailes said . "  And if anyone had high exposure , if there was anyone you 'd worry about , it 'd be Junior Seau . He played for 30 years . He played youth football , college football , for 20 years in the NFL . " The National Football League responded to the announcement of Seau 's diagnosis with a statement saying , "  We appreciate the Seau family 's cooperation with the National Institutes of Health . The finding underscores the recognized need for additional research to accelerate a fuller understanding of CTE . " The NFL Player 's Association issued a statement calling on Congress to review the issues of health and safety in football , mentioning the $ 100 million it set aside of player funds for medical research during the term of the current collective bargaining agreement . The NFLPA also said it has asked the league for independent sideline concussion experts , the certification and credentialing of professional football medical staff and better worker 's compensation . "  The only way we can improve the safety of players , restore the confidence of our fans and secure the future of our game is to insist on the same quality of medical care , informed consent and ethical standards that we expect for ourselves and for our family members , " the statement said .	Seau 's family is "  deeply saddened to receive confirmation " of his condition Seau took his own life in May ; his family donated his brain for research The National Institutes of Health says the brain shows signs of CTE Seau was one of several high-profile NFL players to take their own lives
CNN  -- A few decades ago , I remember grousing to a college friend that as an Asian American male , everyone I met assumed I was studying some kind of science or engineering -- as if the idea that I might want to pursue a career in the arts , humanities or communications was ridiculous . My friend responded that as a 6-foot-7 African American pre-med student , he would be ecstatic for someone to actually believe he had an interest in a STEM field , as opposed to , say , basketball . Back then , we laughed off the exchange as a sign of how the stereotype grass is always greener on the other side . Well , the fact is , stereotypes are n't quite lies ; they 're more like distorted versions of the truth . And the diversity statistics that the tech world 's biggest firms have been shamed into releasing this year have been revealing : the numbers show that there are a heckuva lot of Asians working in America 's technology industry ... and very few African Americans and Latinos . According to the reports , more than four out of every 10 engineering staff in these tech companies are Asian . That includes 23 % of Apple 's programmers and engineers , 34 % of Google 's and Twitter 's , 41 % of Facebook 's and a staggering 57 % and 60 % of Yahoo 's and LinkedIn 's respectively . By contrast -- stark , painful contrast -- around 4 % of employees at these companies altogether is Hispanic and only about 3 % are black . In both cases , Apple is pulling up the numbers ; without the fruit company 's 7 % Hispanic and 6 % black engineering team , the numbers would plummet . This is just embarrassing . To their credit , the tech companies understand this . Each of them revealed their numbers with sheepish blog posts that asserted the need to "  do better " in recruiting black and Hispanic technologists . But these same posts have failed to celebrate  or even address  what would appear to be a singular diversity highlight : The very large percentages of Asians in the engineering workforce . Maybe that 's because these statistics are n't exactly what they seem . The numbers released for Asian engineers have lumped U.S. citizens and permanent residents together with foreign nationals working on temporary H-1B visas ; over 40 % of H-1B visa holders are Asian  India alone accounts for 25 %  , most of them employed by tech companies . Take out the H1-B visa employees , and the eye-popping numbers of Asian technologists drops by half . There 's also the reality that being an Asian technology employee can be a professional dead end . A gilded one , to be sure -- the average salary for a computer programmer is around $ 75,000 a year -- but the statistics on leadership-level employees show that most Asians in the tech industry hit a ceiling well before they reach management status . The percentage of whites , blacks and Hispanics who are executives is the same as their percentage in engineering roles . Asians , meanwhile , are about half as likely to be managers as they are to be coders and hardware hackers . "  I 'd be lying if I said I did n't notice underrepresentation by Asians in Silicon Valley at the executive level relative to their presence at lower levels , " said James Hong , a serial entrepreneur and angel investor who began his career at Hewlett-Packard and went on to co-found one of the early dot-com sensations , the portrait-rating site HotOrNot.com . Hong points out , however , that it 's not clear whether this is more likely to be evidence of racial bias or a byproduct of immigrant culture . "  Were we on average trained as children to be overachieving bookworms who respect authority and avoid conflict , and do these traits inhibit our progression into the upper levels of management ? " he asks . "  Did strict Asian parents restrict their Asian American children from socializing with their classmates , making them incapable of leading others ? " It 's a question I sometimes wonder about every time I double-clutch before raising my hand to share an opinion , or defer to a supervisor 's decisions even when I disagree .  And I 'm about as rash , unruly and outspoken a child of Asian immigrants as you 'll probably find , as my parents have concluded . The upbringing that gives you the skills you need to do well professionally does n't necessarily provide you with the mindset you need to excel professionally . This suggests that the encouragement of diversity needs to be a priority in a person 's life long before entry into the workforce . Ensuring that we 're exposed to people of different backgrounds from a very early age does n't just encourage tolerance ; it also provides us with a rich array of cultural models to follow , helping to address the soft spots we face in our individual upbringing . It certainly did for me . I 'm not sure how I would 've turned out if I 'd lived and grown up in a monocultural environment . I imagine I 'd probably be a doctor or engineer -- a mediocre and unhappy one . The tech industry is trying to address its workforce shortcomings now , because it realizes that diversity is n't a burden , it 's a secret weapon . A diverse enterprise has the wherewithal to buffer collective strengths and bridge individual weaknesses , to zig when others zag and to respond fluidly regardless of shifts in the business environment and consumer landscape . And that 's even truer for America as a whole than it is for the tech industry . If the future belongs to the United States , it wo n't be because we invented Facebook and Google . It will be because we 're the only nation in the world where Asian journalists and black doctors and Hispanic coders live and work side by side .	Jeff Yang : The diversity statistics released from tech industry are embarrassing Yang : While Asians do well , there are few African Americans and Hispanics But being an Asian technology employee can be a professional dead end , he says Yang : Good news is that tech industry realizes that diversity is a weapon , not a burden
Syria  CNN  -- We 'd been in Damascus for several weeks , watching out of our windows as smoke hovered almost daily over the city 's skyline . Where we were staying holed up was somewhat safe but it did n't insulate us from the noise of the battles threatening to engulf the Syrian capital . One day we stood outside a local ice cream seller 's shop as tracer fire lit up the night sky . The ice cream seller then tried to give us our cones for free . As foreigners , we stood out in a crowd of locals , all of whom were weirdly protective of Damascus and put out that we were n't seeing their city at its best . In a lull in the fighting one man turned and asked me if I 'd gotten chance to see the window St. Paul was lowered from before his escape to Europe - a popular attraction for western tourists . I promised I 'd put it on my list of things to do . All of us were trying to avoid discussing "  these problems " as Damascenes euphemistically refer to the threatening civil war . In private , others were more forthcoming . In a doctor 's examining room , on auto pilot I started my practiced patter that "  things were n't as bad as I 'd expected , " only to be cut short by the doctor who said simply , "  You seem really nice , please promise you 'll go back to your country soon . " Syria faces societal fissures But I did n't want to go , there was so much more here I wanted - needed - to see . The next day though I thought of his advice . After successfully navigating the Damascus back streets to avoid the myriad checkpoints it was with a great sense of irony that we had to pull over at one to ask for directions to the nearest highway out of town . My only hope was that the soldier would believe that actual "  terrorists " -- as the Syrian authorities refer to the opposition fighters and activists -- would surely be slicker . With a great show of exasperation he described the route out to Daraya , checked we 'd understood and made a great show of waving us through . At the next checkpoint the soldier had a list of those wanted for questioning , I held my breath as he looked me over . Two meters , about the length of the car 's hood , up the road there was yet another checkpoint , this one had appeared while were navigating the first two . Eventually though we were through and on our way to "  Free Syria " as Daraya had declared itself . Its citizens were among the first to take to the streets after the Syrian uprising began but the town 's proximity to the Mezza military airport had brought them uncomfortable scrutiny from the Air Force Intelligence service . The young activists we met told us with pride that Daraya had almost emptied as security raids hunted activists down in alleyways and as they hid at the homes of friends and relatives . Nowhere was safe for them . But that was then . For most of the last two months the Free Syrian Army had maintained control over the town . Regime forces had to content themselves with shelling from a distance . As we drove through town we found a clean up underway and for the first time the anxiety I 'd been carrying around all the time while in Syria had started to dissipate . Their belief that the war had been won was clearly catching . When it came time to break the fast , -- this was during the Muslim month of Ramadan -- they spread out local delicacies and made me try a liquorice drink that was possibly the most disgusting thing I 'd ever tasted . U.S. : Assad ` disconnected from reality ' They laughed and snapped pictures on their phones as I struggled to keep a straight face . Until then I had n't realized quite how young they all were . Looking around properly I realized they were all in their late teens or early twenties . One young man came and sat at the end of the table with me . He wanted to talk about his detention at the hands of the Syrian forces . As his story tumbled out , I had to struggle to take in what he was describing . He told me that he 'd been raped with wooden sticks during interrogations ; that he 'd watched others forced to carry out sexual acts on each other , and that during the beatings they would make them hold salt in their mouths . He recounted a litany of abuse and humiliations , all in the same deadpan voice . Two more young men came forward with similar stories . They showed me the scars the shackles had left on their ankles and wrists , and the marks of the electric clips on their nipples . They seemed to want to tell me everything . We too quickly ran out of time . They were very keen for me to see their nightly demonstration , though it more closely resembled a celebration . Young men joining arms around drummers performing the familiar chants of the revolution that we 'd all grown accustomed to from grainy YouTube videos but this time inflected with song and the belief that victory was close . As we drove to where we were spending the night we heard the rumble of mortars overhead . "  Do n't worry , " we were told . "  It 's somebody else 's turn tonight . " On our next visit I had gotten so used to hearing in Damascus that "  something is happening " that I was almost inured to it but when the shelling began it felt closer then it ever had . We were advised to leave and we did . Many of those who helped us are still inside Syria so I do n't want to say anything more but in the days and nights after we left I stayed close to my laptop and phone . In the beginning they tried to stay in touch . As bombs fell they went out and filmed video after gruesome video . I play them back , listening to the voices of young men I 'd grown to know and like , narrate the unfolding massacre . Very quickly , even that contact was gone . The government had cut the power supply in to Daraya and conserving phones was a matter of survival . It 's they only way they can hope to let the world know what is happening . To protect their families many have gone in to hiding , constantly on the move . Every once in a while I 'll see that they 've managed to get online but only very briefly and then they 're gone again . This is the only proof I have that they are still alive . Syria explained : What you need to know	In Damascus , people watch as tracer fire lit up the sky Locals were annoyed we were not seeing the best of their city We tried to avoid contact with security officers but needed their help with road directions Young fighters laughed with me ; now after sustained attacks I do n't know how many are still alive
CNN  The terrorist who gunned down four people at a kosher market in eastern Paris earlier this month recorded the attack on a camera , a U.S. intelligence official told CNN on Friday . The information backed up a report by Eric Pelletier , a national security reporter at the French magazine L'Express , who wrote that Amedy Coulibaly recorded seven minutes of the attack , including the moments when he killed three people . Citing a French source close to the investigation , Pelletier reported Friday that Coulibaly was able to use a computer at the market to email a copy of the attack video before he was killed by police . Coulibaly was carrying the GoPro camera on his torso during the January 9 attack and subsequent standoff , the source told L'Express . French investigators have viewed the recording , said Pelletier , who shared details of his reporting with CNN . But a second police source told L'Express Saturday that it could not yet be determined whether Coulibaly had managed to email out the video . "  There is a strong probability that this video may have been transmitted to a recipient and not to a traditional media outlet , " an investigator told L'Express . The investigator expressed his fear to see that video surface online one day . The source said French investigators have examined computers recovered from the grocery store and are looking into what accomplices Coulibaly may have connected with around that time . Several survivors said Coulibaly tried to connect to the Internet on his own computer but failed . He then went to a second computer in the store after forcing a hostage to help him . He inserted his memory card into the computer and appeared to be manipulating video or image files on the computer . Coulibaly reportedly had proclaimed his allegiance to ISIS . He is believed to have killed a policewoman a day before the market attack . Officials said they believe Hayat Boumeddiene , Coulibaly 's widow , may have played a role in the plans and has fled to Syria . Two days before Coulibaly was killed , brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi attacked the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , killing 12 people and injuring 11 . They died the same day as Coulibaly as police moved in to end a separate siege .	Amedy Coulibaly killed four people at store Source tells French journalist that the terrorist emailed video of the attack Fear is the video , which shows three killings , will pop up on jihadist websites
Rolling Stone  -- It 's nice when dreams come true , and even better when the person has dreamed big . Superproducer Danger Mouse has for years been talking privately about a project inspired by 1960s to 1970s Italian film scores , and he did n't cut corners : He and co-composer Daniele Luppi booked a studio in Rome co-founded by Ennio Morricone , and reconvened the soundtrack guru 's key musicians . "  Rome " opens on the tumbleweedy voice of 76-year-old Edda Dell ` Orso , who sang the haunting operatic vowels around Clint Eastwood in 1966 's "  The Good , the Bad and the Ugly . " It 's a 15-track score to a film that exists only in your head . Rolling Stone gallery : Random notes , rock 's hottest photos Co-stars Jack White and Norah Jones get three songs each . White is a ghostly high-plains drifter on "  The Rose With the Broken Neck " and a self-loathing mercenary on "  Two Against One . " Jones plays even more against type , conjuring a sultry Sicilian soul diva over Isaac Hayes-style strings on "  Season 's Trees , " and awesomely declaring , "  I 'm the disease , " on "  Black . " Rolling Stone : Click to hear the album More vocal tracks would be nice , but "  Rome " is as much about sublime instrumentals -- made of celesta , harpsichord , Hammond organ , strings , nasty funk guitar and those weird-ass choirs -- as lead singers , just as Sergio Leone 's great Westerns were as much about fantastic landscapes as acting . Just switch your cell to "  vibrate " and enjoy the show . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Danger Mouse creates album inspired by 1960s-70s Italian film scores Composers booked a studio in Rome co-founded by Ennio Morricone Album is "  a 15-track score to a film that exists only in your head "
CNN  -- While European carriers are facing turbulent times , some Asian airlines are hoping that a cut-price long-haul model will find a ready market in Asia 's growing middle class . Globally , low-cost carriers have been the industry 's success story over the past decade , with their market share rising from 8 % of all seats sold in 2001 to nearly 26 % this year , according to the Centre for Aviation . Budget airlines have largely focused on short - to medium-haul routes , with their success in winning passengers through low fares forcing many full-service "  legacy carriers " to launch their own low-cost options in response . Efforts to apply the low-cost model to longer-haul travel -- most notably on trans-Atlantic routes -- have repeatedly met with failure , as witnessed in the collapse of Laker Airways in 1982 , and Zoom Airlines in 2008 . But now , in Asia , an increasing number of operators are beginning to offer long-haul air travel for low fares , opening a new frontier in the fiercely competitive aviation market . See also : Singapore stopover : Make the most of your travel time Singapore Airlines ' budget offering , Scoot , will begin operations later this year , joining Malaysia 's AirAsia X and Australia 's Jetstar , a Qantas subsidiary , in flying long-haul in the region . Scoot plans to fly to five destinations in Australia , Japan and China in its first year , before targeting other routes . Cebu Pacific , a budget carrier from the Philippines , will enter the market next year with a long-haul service targeting the Filipino Diaspora in the Middle East and further afield . Scoot CEO Campbell Wilson told CNN 's Richard Quest that the low-cost market was rapidly growing in Asia . "  In eight years in Singapore , it 's gone from nothing to about 25 % of Changi 's  Airport  throughput . There 's a market that wants to travel no frills and wants to travel further afield . " Wilson denied that Scoot would simply cannibalize Singapore Airlines ' existing customers , saying it was targeted to appeal to a separate , price-conscious customer base oriented towards leisure travel . "  I believe there 's a whole market that does n't even consider some airlines because of their positioning in the market , because of the perceived expense of flying , and because of the bells and whistles that they might not want , " he said . But some have questioned the viability of low-cost long-haul as a business model . Scoot 's launch will come on the back of news that AirAsia X is pulling out of its long-haul routes to Europe , after three years of flying into London and one year into Paris . AirAsia X CEO Asran Osman-Rani told Quest that the decision was due to specific issues with the European market , rather than with the low-cost long-haul model itself . "  That 's unfortunately the reality of where Europe is today , " he said . "  What we 've seen over the second half of 2011 was that the number of Europeans in our passengers were steadily declining as a reflection of the economic situation . People were more worried about jobs , and leisure travel becomes one of the first things that gets cut back . " AirAsia X has subsequently announced it will suspend its services to Christchurch , New Zealand , from the end of May -- a decision it blamed on the spiralling cost of jet fuel . But Osman-Rani said the airline had proven low-cost long-haul worked in markets like China and Australia . "  I think there 's nothing structurally wrong with the model , " Osman-Rani added . "  I think it can work . " Andrew Cowen , managing partner of Mango Aviation , an advisory firm specializing in low-cost airline start-ups , agrees . He said Asia was a logical market for long-haul budget carriers to succeed , as a natural outgrowth of the low-cost short-haul carriers that had proliferated in the region in response to deregulation of the aviation industry . "  You 've got an emerging and growing middle class in Asia , with increasing aspiration and ability to travel , " said Cowen . "  It 's also an extremely price-conscious market . " He did not believe that the lack of service and legroom provided by budget airlines would necessarily be a fatal turn-off for customers facing a 10-hour long-haul flight -- as long as the fares were low enough . See also : Business Traveller in Singapore "  No entertainment ? You can solve it by having your own iPad or PSP . Free food on a flag carrier , or buy it yourself on a low-cost carrier ? It 's not an issue . Most of us will have a bite to eat at the airport and can purchase something extra on board if necessary , " he said . "  Besides , in economy class on the flag carriers there 's not a lot of leg room to begin with . " Cowen added that low-cost carriers could pack up to 25 % extra passenger seats in their aircraft , and also had a "  big advantage " in not facing the substantial infrastructure costs borne by the legacy carriers , who were being forced to get into the low-cost sector themselves . "  They 've realized if they do n't , they 're going to lose the market anyway , " he said . Cannibalization need n't be a problem , according to Cowen . The success of a budget carrier like Jetstar in operating alongside its full-service counterpart Qantas shows how the two brands could collaborate to serve different segments of the market without poaching each other 's customers . "  All of us do n't drive a Mercedes Benz and all of us do n't drive a Volkswagen Golf , " he said . He predicted that Asia 's four budget long-haul carriers would all succeed in the market . And , in a prediction likely to be welcomed by travelers the world over , he said that other low-cost , long-haul carriers were likely to follow in Asia , and in other regions when market conditions were right . "  I think we 're going to see a lot more low-cost long-haul coming into the market , " he said . "  It 's only a matter of time . "	Four budget airlines in Asia will be flying long-haul routes by 2013 Skeptics doubt that the low-cost , long-haul model will work But backers say the formula is already proving successful , and will spread elsewhere
CNN  -- It 's 45 years later but it 's still a sunny day , sweeping the clouds away . "  Sesame Street " debuted on November 10 , 1969 . Since then , it 's entertained millions of children and adults . From learning to count to tackling tough issues like racism , Big Bird and the gang have used music and humor to both inform and delight . Here are five of some of the most adorable moments from the show over the years : 1  Herry and John-John count to 20 Ordinarily a little one might be afraid of a hairy , blue monster . But not when it 's Herry the monster who offered an assist to a tyke named John-John as he tackled counting . John-John is also well known for counting backwards with Grover . A grown up John Williams III later appeared in the 1989 special "  Sesame Street : 20 and Still Counting . " 2  Kermit and Joey sing the alphabet This one recently made the rounds on the internet and was declared "  The Cutest ` Sesame Street ' Moment Ever . " Joey is pretty adorable as she inserts "  Cookie Monster " into the alphabet song . And who can resist when she and Kermit exchange some "  I love yous " ? 3  C is for cookie Two words for you : Cookie Monster . This one is a classic and we dare you to not sing along . It 's good enough for us . 4  Norah Jones and Elmo do n't know Y "  Sesame Street " is well known for its celebrity guest appearances and this one was especially precious . Norah Jones traded on the success of her song "  Do n't Know Why " to offer this lament for her missing friend , the letter "  Y. " Add Elmo to the mix and it 's ridiculously cute . 5  Elmo and Lupita Nyong ' o love the skin they are in The Academy Award-winning actress stopped by "  Sesame Street " to talk skin and all the beautiful shades and colors they come in . It was a great message clothed in a whole bunch of cute .	"  Sesame Street " turns 45 on November 10 There have been tons of adorable moments in the show Celeb appearances have been a major part of the series
CNN  -- "  Excuse me , " the woman called . "  Is the president still speaking ? " "  I think so , " I called over to her . She let her face scrunch up into an expression of mild dismay . It had nothing at all to do with politics . This was in central Ohio ; she was standing next to a furniture-delivery truck near the intersection of two streets called Sherwood and Dawson . President Barack Obama was addressing a rally on the campus of Capital University in Bexley , a few blocks away . People attending the event had jammed the residential neighborhood with their parked cars , and some of those cars were so close to her driveway , on Sherwood , that the furniture truck could not maneuver into it . "  I had this delivery scheduled , but I did n't know it would be the same time the president was here , " she said , her voice pleasant . "  The guys from the truck are looking for another way to get it to my house . I told them I 'd stand here and guard the furniture . " Ohio is getting plenty of visits from the candidates . During the time I was in the middle of Ohio this summer , Paul Ryan was in the area twice , Mitt Romney was there at least once , and on this early afternoon Obama had made his way to Capital . Scenes like this repeat every four years ; there are days in highly contested states when something seems almost amiss if you do n't encounter a motorcade or a police escort . They are traveling salesmen , the candidates are ; they hit the road bearing their products -- the products being themselves . And although presidential and vice presidential candidates are the most celebrated politicians in the land , they become not so different from the thousands of other sales reps who lug their sample cases across America every work week of the year . Gergen : Harsh realities for Democrats And the people in the towns -- especially in the swing states -- find out what it 's like to be suddenly wanted , to be the recipient of exceptionally fervid sales ardor . When you are in the market for a big-ticket item -- a house ; a new car -- you notice how accommodating the real-estate agent or the car dealership is toward you : always checking back , asking what they can do to win your business , generally being constantly around and ever available . After you 've bought the item , they tend not to come calling . That 's how it is during that small sliver of time when the people running for president and vice president ca n't do enough for the potential voters . For those voters in the states that can tip the balance of an election , it can be flattering -- and also a little wearying -- to be so relentlessly courted , even while knowing that the courtship has a hard expiration date in early November . Begala : Democrats fix their enthusiasm gap The candidates , however low on sleep and tugged in all directions , travel great distances to try to make the sale . Despite the much-vaunted reach of television commercials and social networks , they understand that , to close the deal , they had better be there in person , just like the real-estate agent or the car dealer . Because if they are n't , they know that the other real-estate agent or car dealer will be . To watch the major-party candidates move through the country in these months ... well , for all their fame , there 's more than a bit of literature 's most unforgettable salesman , Willy Loman , present : "  a man way out there in the blue , riding on a smile and a shoeshine . " On the day Obama spoke on the campus lawn at Capital , the Secret Service and the local police had closed down Pleasant Ridge Avenue to traffic , but allowed pedestrians to slip around the barricade if they wanted to give the pizzeria one door down a little business . A local man walking with a cane , running for an office considerably less lofty than president or vice president , stopped at each of the outdoor tables and handed a leaflet to each pizza-eater , saying : "  I 'd like your vote this fall . I 'm on the ballot . " In less than nine weeks , two of the four men crisscrossing the nation -- Obama , Romney , Ryan , Joe Biden -- are going to find out that they failed to make the sale after all , and two of the men are going to find out that they have successfully culminated the transaction . The nervous uncertainty of that is what can make their high-level pursuit at times feel utterly life-sized . Arthur Miller , in that same play in which he introduced Willy Loman to the world , understood the compulsion behind all of this quite well : "  A salesman is got to dream , boy . It comes with the territory . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene was in Ohio this summer , where presidential candidate visits were constant He says they are like traveling salesmen who must show up if they want to close the deal He says Ohioans get weary of the courting , even though they know it ends in November Greene : They 're like Willy Loman : "  A salesman is got to dream , boy . It comes with the territory "
CNN  -- Neiman Marcus says it may be the latest retailer to be struck by hackers . The upscale store says it was informed in mid-December of a possible breach . "  On January 1 , the forensics firm discovered evidence that the company was the victim of a criminal cyber-security intrusion and that some customers ' cards were possibly compromised as a result , " Neiman Marcus said in a statement . "  We have begun to contain the intrusion and have taken significant steps to further enhance information security . " This comes on the heels of a massive credit and debit card data breach at Target that could affect as many as 70 million people . It is too early to tell how many customers were affected , said Ginger Reeder , a spokeswoman for Neiman Marcus stores . Neiman Marcus says it has informed federal law enforcement agencies and is working actively with the U.S. Secret Service .	Neiman Marcus says it was informed of a breach in December The company does not know how many customers have been affected This comes on the heels of a massive breach at Target
CNN  -- An 8-year-old boy died when a trailer being pulled by his father ran over him during an Oklahoma Fourth of July parade , while a man driving a tractor died in a collision with a vintage fire truck in another parade nearly 2,000 miles northeast . The young boy either fell or jumped off the float late Thursday morning and was run over by the trailer carrying it , according to police in Edmond , which is about 15 miles north of Oklahoma City . The boy 's father was in the truck that was towing the trailer , which was filled with hay and decorated by small patriotic garland along its edges . The float had a martial-arts theme , according to police spokeswoman Jennifer Monroe . The father rushed out of the vehicle , and he and a nurse who had been riding in a car behind the float performed CPR on the child , police said . Video from CNN affiliate KFOR later showed first responders along the road , which appeared to be bordered by trees , and moving a stretcher with the child into an awaiting ambulance . The boy was later pronounced dead at a hospital , Monroe said . "  Our thoughts today for the family of a 7 yr old boy killed in a float accident at the end of the LibertyFest parade , " Edmond police said Thursday in a tweet . "  Heartbreaking . " Money magazine a few years ago listed Edmond , a city of about 81,000 people , as 35th on its list of America 's best small cities . The annual LibertyFest festivities around Independence Day -- highlighted by the parade -- was singled out as a "  must-go event " in the city , according to the publication , which like CNN is a division of Time Warner . The Edmond incident was n't the only parade fatality this Independence Day . July 4 accidents A man driving a green tractor in Bangor , Maine , died instantly Thursday afternoon after a vintage fire truck hit him from behind , police said in a statement . Both vehicles were part of the Bangor-Brewer July Fourth parade , which is the state 's largest such parade with more than 1,000 participants and 30,000 spectators , according to Gov. Paul LePage . Police officers in the city 's accident reconstruction team , evidence response team and criminal investigations division -- as well as the medical examiner 's office and a Maine State Police member -- are assisting in the investigation , according to Bangor police . Police Sgt. Paul Edwards explained that the parade was rerouted because of a four-hour standoff in Bangor with a man who 'd shot a gun , prompting a woman and her baby to run for help . "  They would not have been on that street normally , " Edwards said of the people driving the tractor and fire truck . The suspect fired several rounds at police from a second-floor apartment window , with authorities responding with several rounds of their own and tear gas . The man -- identified by police as 43-year-old Perrin Oliver -- was taken into custody around 12:20 p.m. and charged with criminal threatening and aggravated reckless conduct with a firearm , both felonies . Edwards , the Bangor police spokesman , said he doubts Oliver will face additional charges tied to the tractor driver 's death . CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	NEW : A tractor and fire engine in a fatal Maine parade crash had been rerouted The tractor driver died after being hit by a fire truck during the Bangor , Maine , event A boy either fell or jumped off a float in Edmond , Oklahoma , police say The boy was run over by a trailer being towed by his father , according to police
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican officials have identified 13 people killed Sunday night in a Tijuana drug rehabilitation center , the state-run news agency said Monday . Four heavily armed men stormed into the Centro de Rehabilitacion El Camino and opened fire , the Notimex news agency said . The reported ages of those killed ranged from 19 to 56 years old . The assailants escaped in a vehicle , the news agency said . The dead were identified as : Irineo Godinez Garcia , 47 ; Antonio Mesa Contreras , 56 ; Bernabe Alvarez Piceno , 35 ; Jose Lopez Sauceda , 28 ; Fabian Gonzalez Zea , 19 ; Juan Daniel Casi Esquer , 32 ; Wilson Ramírez Pena , 42 ; Joaquin García Hernandez , 39 ; Jorge Palacio Goya , 37 ; Pedro Villegas , 30 ; Juan Roberto Sanchez Ortega , 30 ; Edwin Vargas Avila , 33 ; and Salvador Bustos , 30 . The slayings occurred one day after armed men burst into a house party in Ciudad Juarez and opened fire , killing 14 people and wounding 14 , Notimex said . The ages of those killed in Juarez ranged from 14 to 30 , Notimex said . Children as young as 7 and 11 were among the injured , the agency reported . The attack in Juarez was reminiscent of an incident in January , when drug cartel gunmen stormed a house party and killed 15 people . Most of the victims were youths who had no ties to organized crime . Investigators said the January shooting was a case of mistaken identity caused by bad intelligence . It sparked widespread outrage in the violent border city , including calls for Mexican President Felipe Calderon to resign . The Tijuana slayings also were similar to previous attacks carried out at drug rehab centers . A massacre at a Juarez rehab facility in early June left 19 dead . Twenty-seven people were killed in September 2009 in two attacks at separate drug facilities in Ciudad Juarez , the bloodiest city in the nation . Officials said the previous attacks were done by drug gangs killing members of other gangs . At least 2,500 people have been reported killed in drug violence this year in Ciudad Juarez . Nationwide , more than 28,000 people have died in drug-related violence since December 2006 , when Calderon took office and stepped up efforts to fight organized crime and narcotrafficking cartels . Much of the violence in Ciudad Juarez and other areas of northern Mexico is due to the drug cartels fighting for control of lucrative routes into the United States , authorities have said .	NEW : The attack is similar to previous killings at drug rehab centers Victims in Tijuana shootings ranged in age from 19 to 56 years old Four men opened fire inside a rehab center , fled in a vehicle , state-run news agency reports Sunday night 's killings in Tijuana came one day after 14 people were killed at a Juarez party
Washington  CNN  -- Newly elected Boy Scouts of America President Robert Gates on Friday praised the leadership vote last year that welcomed gay youth into scouting . "  In all candor , I would have supported going further , as I did in opening the way for gays to serve in the CIA and in the military , " the former secretary of defense said in prepared remarks . Gates spoke at the Boy Scouts of America annual meeting in Nashville , TN . Gates , who was also director of the CIA was elected president of the BSA on Thursday . He also holds the rank of Eagle Scout . The Boy Scouts voted in 2013 to include gay youth , but does not allow openly gay adults in the organization . Gates warned that reopening the issue now could "  irreparably fracture and perhaps even provoke a formal , permanent split in the movement -- with the high likelihood neither side would subsequently survive on its own . "	' I would have supported going further , ' the former defense secretary said Gates warned that the issue should not be reopened to avoid divisiveness
New York  CNN  -- A New Jersey teenager was killed when his head hit a highway overpass after he apparently stuck it out of a party bus near the George Washington Bridge , which connects Manhattan with New Jersey over the Hudson River . Daniel Fernandez , a 16-year-old resident of Sayreville , died Friday evening on his way to a sweet 16 party , according to Port Authority spokesman Steve Coleman . He was on the top level of a double-decker bus when he apparently stuck his head out of an emergency hatch in the roof , Coleman said . His head then struck the underside of an overpass , he said . The incident occurred after the New Jersey-bound bus departed Queens , New York -- loaded with 65 teenagers -- and had just crossed the George Washington Bridge . Off-duty emergency medical technician Leon Tyrone McKivor , 52 , said he approached the scene to offer his assistance and escorted worried parents to a nearby police station where their children were waiting . "  One individual had on a blood soaked shirt that he refused to take off until police insisted that he change , " McKivor told CNN . "  A number of other individuals had blood all over them , as well . " McKivor said he tried to console the mother of one of the girls who was on the bus . "  She was just crying and crying and hugging me and thanking me , " he said . The horrific scene left several party-goers stunned , according to multiple posts on social media . "  Sitting here with your blood on my foot wishing this was all a bad dream , " tweeted teenage party-goer Vicky Budz . "  Ca n't sleep with you on my mind cause the more time goes on the more its settling in . " News of the incident spread quickly via the microblogging site Twitter , with over 500 tweets to the #staystrongdan hashtag within a few hours of the accident . Fernandez was brought to Hackensack Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead , said hospital spokeswoman Nancy Radwin . Coleman said the teen had suffered severe head trauma , but would not comment further . The bus is touted online as "  the largest custom made party bus in the country , " according to Designer Transportation , which released a statement expressing sympathy for the teen 's family . "  Our company cares about the well being of our patrons , " the statement said . Company spokesman Todd Shapiro said there was no alcohol aboard and that security had checked passengers beforehand . CNN 's Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley and Andrea Morocoima contributed to this report .	NEW : Bus company spokesman says there was no alcohol aboard The victim 's head struck the underside of an overpass near the George Washington Bridge The bus departed from Queens , New York , and was loaded with 65 teenagers
How do you solve a problem like email ? Google 's Gmail team thinks it knows how : with a new app called Inbox . Inbox , which launched Wednesday , offers a different way of handling the daily avalanche of email . Specifically created with mobile users in mind , it sorts and turns emails into reminders , highlights the important bits and adds outside information it thinks is helpful . Even as people are turning to other tools to quickly communicate from their phones -- messaging apps , social networks , text -- email remains an invaluable if sometimes infuriating way of communicating from mobile devices . You can filter out spam , something Gmail excels at , but there 's still a huge volume of legitimate email to deal with . A lot of companies have taken a stab at improving the email experience . Gmail recently started categorizing emails automatically and putting them in different tabs in your inbox , like social , promotions and updates . The popular third-party app Mailbox used folders and gestures to make sorting through emails easy . That company was snapped up by Dropbox . Inbox seems to be heavily influenced by Mailbox 's time-saving , reminder-centric approach  not to mention its name  . It also borrows some neat features from Google Now . Inbox works by grouping similar messages together , like bills , in what Google calls "  Bundles . " You can schedule a bundle to only show up at specific intervals , say once a week . There 's no need to read all the words in an email just to get to the juicy bits . Inbox will highlight what it thinks are the key parts of an email , like contact information , confirmation numbers or photos . It 's also tapping Google for related information to save you a trip to the search engine . For example , if you 've set a reminder to call the dog groomer , the business 's contact information will show up automatically . Messages can be turned into reminders , reminders can be snoozed , and important emails "  pinned " while the rest are whisked away . Inbox is currently only invite only . It is available as and iOS and Android app , as well as a desktop view  for Chrome browser users only  .	Google unveils new Inbox app for Gmail users Inbox groups conversations and lets you snooze emails The app is invite-only for now
CNN  -- It 's looking like the digital divide may have less gray hair than it used to -- but it 's still a big issue for U.S. seniors . According to new research from the Pew Internet and American Life Project , for the first time more than half  53 %  of Americans age 65 or older now use the Internet or e-mail . Also , most Internet-using seniors have made a daily habit of going online ; Pew noted that 70 % of them access the Internet on a typical day . E-mail is especially popular with Internet-using seniors . Nearly half of them use e-mail on a typical day . But social networking sites , which are accessed via the Web or apps , are far less popular : Just 34 % of seniors use these at all , and only 18 % on a typical day . Looked at differently , those numbers mean that nearly two-thirds of seniors still either do n't go online at all or do n't do so on most days . Seniors also are especially lagging in their adoption of Internet-enabled mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets . While cell phone ownership overall has risen sharply among seniors  69 % now have a cell phone , up from 57 % a year ago  , Pew notes that just 10 % of U.S. seniors own a smartphone . Also , only 11 % own an e-reader , and 8 % own a tablet . Only 39 % of seniors have broadband at home . This means a substantial number of seniors access the Internet only from shared or public computers  such as at libraries , Internet cafes or senior centers  , or by bringing a laptop to a location with open Wi-Fi . Just under one-third of U.S. seniors own a laptop computer , Pew found . Meanwhile , the Internet has become a key tool for accessing news , information and services that affect or can benefit seniors ' lives daily . And mobile access to online information and services could be particularly helpful to seniors . For example , transit is a crucial concern for many seniors -- especially those on a limited income , or who have visual or mobility impairments . Obtaining and interpreting current printed schedules and route maps for buses and trains can be a challenge even for young , able-bodied people with good vision . But when seniors have to get to a location that 's off their regular transit routes , they can face enormous challenges in simply figuring out whether they can get to that destination via transit . I live in Oakland , California , which has pretty good transit access compared to many cities and towns . Earlier this year I overheard one of my neighbors  a senior who does n't drive  complaining that she might have to change doctors because her physician of 20 years moved to a new office in a part of town she rarely visits . What caught my attention was when she said , "  I do n't even know what buses go there -- and have you tried to read that AC Transit map ? What a mess ! " I pulled out my Android phone , brought up Google maps , and asked her where the doctor 's new office was . She gave me the address . In less than a minute I found two potential bus routes to that location -- both involving transfers . I wrote down the route and stop information for her , and later she called AC Transit to have the relevant schedules mailed to her . When the printed schedules arrived , she mentioned it was a struggle for her to read the tiny , complex tables well enough to determine when the transfers might be easiest , so she could figure the best times of day to schedule her appointments . Looking at those schedules , I found I had the same problem . But again , with poking around a bit on Google Maps on my phone , I was quickly able to give her some good options for appointment times . She said , "  You can do all that on your phone ? So if you want to visit a friend or see a show you can find out which bus to take , just like that ? I had no idea ! " From there stemmed a conversation in which she revealed how over the years she 'd limited her outings mainly to places along the transit routes she already knew well , or where a friend could give her a ride . Having a smartphone or tablet could help her find more transit options , but she 's not going to get one . She might be able to afford one , but she does n't think she could learn how to use it . "  It 's just too different , " she said . Seniors ' low adoption rates for e-readers and tablets also curtail their access to news , books and services . These devices are ideal for people with visual impairments ; any e-book or website can be viewed with large print . Also , they 're light , easy to carry , generally easier to learn than a smartphone or computer and do n't require much typing -- considerable benefits to people with arthritic hands or joints . For instance , my parents are seniors who live in the greater Philadelphia area . Both lifelong news junkies , they subscribe to several print newspapers . Avidly following national and local news is a key part of how they remain engaged and active . But for several years the company that publishes the Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News has been in dire financial straits -- including being sold this year for what Forbes called a "  fire-sale price . " It 's possible these venerable papers might cut back to publishing in print just a few days a week  as the New Orleans Times-Picayune recently decided to do  , or go online only  as the Seattle Post-Intelligencer has done  , or fold entirely  as Denver 's Rocky Mountain News did in 2009  . My parents are very concerned that they might lose their Philly newspapers , which they consider a lifeline . I 've been trying to get them interested in tablets -- but so far to no avail . If print papers disappear , they and many seniors like them will be bereft and disadvantaged . Broadcast news is fine , but it does n't match the depth and range of what they 've been getting from newspapers . Last year Dr. Jeff Cole , director of the Center for the Digital Future at the University of Southern California , told AARP that "  lack of access is no longer the primary reason that older adults are n't online . Today , lack of participation is likely more related to other reasons , like fear of learning , how difficult computers are to use  still !  , and just general lack of interest . " Yet mobile devices seem to be marketed primarily toward people who are younger or , at most , middle aged . Pew 's research is encouraging , but there 's still a long way to go in helping seniors bridge the digital divide . Until this happens , seniors will grow increasingly disadvantaged in an increasingly digital -- and mobile -- society . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Pew : More than half of U.S. seniors now use the Internet Still , two-thirds of seniors either do n't use Web or do n't use it every day A divide is increasingly significant as more services go digital
Bogota , Tennessee  CNN  -- Those who say no man is an island never met Danny Hayes . The 61-year-old retired construction supervisor lives in Bogota , Tennessee , a farming community so small that when asked how to find the town , locals respond , "  Do n't blink . " Hayes ' trailer in Bogota is about seven miles from the Mississippi River . Historic flooding across the region brought "  the Old Muddy " much closer to him . The two-room trailer is more than 5 feet off the ground , but the river 's invasion reaches Hayes ' door and , at its height , threatened to evict him . "  There 's the possibility the trailer could shift , could turn . Could flip over , " Hayes said , standing on the trailer 's small porch . "  Then again , I am not worried about that because I will get out . " The Mississippi 's flooding has already forced hundreds to flee small towns like Bogota to cities like Memphis . And meteorologists say the heavy rainfall across the South could mean weeks more of high water . Whatever comes , Hayes said he will not be moved . "  I 'd say for the average person who grew up in towns , you 'd be in a dangerous situation , " he said . "  I 'd say a person who learned to live off the land and to survive , it 's not a big thing . " The one acre of land Hayes retired to is no longer recognizable to him . Groves of pecan trees now stand half-covered in water . Homes abandoned by neighbors sit in several feet of dank and stinking water . To get to dry ground , Hayes paddles a small boat about 50 yards to Highway 78 . Once on shore , he then walks the half-mile to town each day for a pack of cigarettes and a little conversation . The homes around Hayes ' trailer sit empty , but as he waits out the flood , he is hardly alone . Since the waters began to rise , Hayes said , all manner of animals have swum by the trailer , looking for higher ground . The snakes , he shoots . "  It 's illegal to kill snakes in Tennessee , " he said with a serious look before breaking into a wide smile . "  Unless it 's for your own protection . " The nine-shot revolver with a long barrel that Hayes keeps close also works to ward off other predators . Empty homes in the rural area could make for an inviting target for looters , he said . But his and his neighbors ' homes are safe , Hayes said , while he patrols his small "  island . " To make his point , Hayes suddenly shoots the pistol three times in sudden succession into the invading waters . "  I am a crazy old man , " he said with a laugh , "  And I will shoot the hell out of you , and I am serious about that . " As he waits for the waters to retreat , Hayes ' family checks in with him regularly by cell phone . His two sons and their families fret about his decision to ride out the flood . But Hayes said he never considered leaving . He 's too stubborn . So stubborn he married and divorced the same woman three times before they finally called it quits . Too stubborn "  to run for the hills over some water . " "  Rescue all them poor people and do n't worry about this 61-year-old man , " he said . "  Do n't waste no 911 on me . " But with the water slowly receding , it appears that Hayes will be spared from the flood 's wet grasp . Still , it could be another week , he predicted , before Bogota begins to dry out . Asked what he will do while the floodwaters retreat , Hayes replied with a ready joke . "  I got to sell this here land , " he said , "  while it 's still waterfront property ! " CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	Danny Hayes , 61 , lives in Bogota , Tennessee The flooded Mississippi River has reached the door of his two-room trailer Armed with his revolver , he is refusing to evacuate "  I got to sell this here land while it 's still waterfront property , " he jokes
CNN  -- Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that despite President Bush 's low approval ratings , people will soon "  start to thank this president for what he 's done . " Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says "  there is no greater honor than to serve this country , " "  So we can sit here and talk about the long record , but what I would say to you is that this president has faced tougher circumstances than perhaps at any time since the end of World War II , and he has delivered policies that are going to stand the test of time , " Rice said in an interview that aired on CBS ' "  Sunday Morning . " The secretary of state brushed off reports that suggest the United States ' image is suffering abroad . She praised the administration 's ability to change the conversation in the Middle East . "  This is n't a popularity contest . I 'm sorry , it is n't . What the administration is responsible to do is to make good choices about Americans ' interests and values in the long run -- not for today 's headlines , but for history 's judgment , " she said . "  And I am quite certain that when the final chapters are written and it 's clear that Saddam Hussein 's Iraq is gone in favor of an Iraq that is favorable to the future of the Middle East ; when the history is written of a U.S.-China relationship that is better than it 's ever been ; an India relationship that is deeper and better than it 's ever been ; a relationship with Brazil and other countries of the left of Latin America , better than it 's ever been ... "  When one looks at what we 've been able to do in terms of changing the conversation in the Middle East about democracy and values , this administration will be judged well , and I 'll wait for history 's judgment and not today 's headlines . " Asked by CBS ' Rita Braver why some former diplomats say Americans are disliked around the world , Rice said that 's "  just not true . " "  I know what U.S. policy has achieved . And so I do n't know what diplomats you 're talking to , but look at the record , " she said . Rice said she was n't bothered by criticism about her or the administration 's polices , saying if a person in her business is not being criticized , "  you 're not doing something right . " "  I 'm here to make tough choices , and this president is here to make tough choices , and we have . And yes , I -- there are some things that I would do very differently if I had it to do over again . You do n't have that luxury . You have to make the choices and take the positions that you do at the time , " she said . Asked about historians who say Bush is one of the worst presidents , Rice said those "  are n't very good historians . " "  If you 're making historical judgments before an administration is already out -- even out of office , and if you 're trying to make historical judgments when the nature of the Middle East is still to be determined , and when one can not yet judge the effects of decisions that this President has taken on what the Middle East will become -- I mean , for goodness ' sakes , good historians are still writing books about George Washington . Good historians are certainly still writing books about Harry Truman , " she said . Rice , 54 , said she has enjoyed working in the Bush administration during the last eight years , first as national security adviser , then as secretary of state . "  There is no greater honor than to serve this country , " she said , adding that there is also no greater challenge . Rice said when the new administration takes over , she plans to return to the Hoover Institution at Stanford University and write two books -- one on foreign policy and one about her parents .	Condoleezza Rice says Bush 's policies will "  stand the test of time " Rice says she 's not bothered by criticism ; says she 's "  here to make tough choices " Secretary of state says historians criticizing Bush "  are n't very good historians " Rice says she plans to write a book about foreign policy
CNN  -- Note to the Grammys : You may not want to seat Sharon Osbourne anywhere near U2 at the next awards show . "  The Talk " co-host and wife of rocker Ozzy Osbourne went on a Twitter rant about the group 's recent free release of its new album on iTunes . "  U2 you are business moguls not musicians anymore , " she tweeted . "  No wonder you have to give your mediocre music away for free cause no one wants to buy it . " Ouch . In a deal that cost Apple a reported $ 100 million -- including fees to U2 and a marketing campaign for the album -- the Irish rockers released their first album in five years , "  Songs of Innocence , " through iTunes to every subscriber to the Apple service . The group announced the freebie at the Cupertino , Califonia , press conference for the new iPhone 6 . "  The question is now , how do we get it to as many people as possible , because that 's what our band is all about , " lead singer Bono said . "  I do believe you have over half a billion subscribers to iTunes , so -- could you get this to them ? " Bono talks U2 's surprise album , ` Songs of Innocence ' Not everyone has been a fan of the giveaway and Apple released instructions on how to delete the album . Apple offers a way to ` return ' that free U2 album Osbourne is clearly not a fan and shared her irritation with her Twitter followers . "  Guys nothing is for free , how much you making , " she tweeted . "  PS , btw you are just a bunch of middle age political groupies ... " She went on to say "  Whose political a ** are we going to pull you out of today ? Or are you front row at another tragic fashion show ? " and finished her tirade with "  Jimmy Iovine , iTunes , U2 , you 're a bunch of megalomaniacs . F**K YOU ! " Osbourne explained her strong feelings Tuesday on her CBS show "  The Talk . " The problem , she said , is that U2 was helping to "  set a precedent that music is disposable , it 's just another piece of software and it 's nothing , you should give it away for free . " "  There 's a whole new breed of artist coming up that need that money to survive to be able to continue to create , " she said . "  We 're not all billionaires , we 're not all in your world . So stop with you 're ` doing us a favor by giving it away for free . ' Keep it to yourselves ! "	Sharon Osbourne tweeted her feelings about the free U2 album She called the band middle-aged political groupies Osbourne later explained she felt it set a bad precedent
Washington  CNN  -- A Salvadoran national wanted in connection with the brutal slaying of a Colorado man was named to the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted Fugitive list on Thursday . Edwin Ernesto Rivera Gracias is accused of killing of Richard Limon , 69 , in August 2011 . Law enforcement officials allege that Rivera Gracias choked , beat and stabbed the man and then dumped his body in the mountains outside of Denver . Limon was a longtime family acquaintance of the fugitive 's teenage girlfriend , the FBI said . The wanted poster for Rivera Gracias says he 's between ages 29 and 33 , is about 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs approximately 170 pounds . According to the FBI , Rivera Gracias is a member of the Mara Salvatrucha , or MS-13 , gang and has several tattoos , including one of "  MS-13 " across his back . Rivera Gracias was in the United States illegally at the time of the slaying , the FBI says , and he may have fled back to El Salvador . The FBI is offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . "  The greatest weapon against crime is the cooperation of all law enforcement and the public they serve , " said Ronald Hosko , assistant director of the criminal investigative division . Hosko said Rivera Gracias is accused of a "  brutal crime against an elderly person . " At a news conference in Colorado , the victim 's daughter said she hopes Rivera Gracias will be caught . "  All I want is for justice to be served because it 's hard for me to get over it , " Michelle Limon said . "  I want justice to be served because I would be able to sleep better at night knowing everyone 's paying for what they did . " The FBI 's Top Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list was launched in 1950 . The program seeks to publicize terrible crimes and get tips that lead to arrests . Rivera Gracias is the 498th person to make the roster . Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was on the list until he was killed in Pakistan during a May 2011 raid by U.S. forces . Alleged Boston mob figure James "  Whitey " Bulger spent more than a decade on the list and ultimately was captured in June 2011 in Santa Monica , California . Photos of Rivera Gracias and his description can be viewed at http://www.fbi.gov/wanted/topten/edwin-ernesto-rivera-gracias .	Suspect in the slaying of a Colorado man added to FBI 's Ten Most Wanted list Edwin Ernesto Rivera Gracias is accused of choking , beating and stabbing Richard Limon , 69 Rivera Gracias may have fled to his home country of El Salvador , the FBI says Victim 's daughter wants "  justice to be served "
CNN  -- Many Californians were startled awake Monday night and early Tuesday morning by Amber Alerts that made screeching noises on their cell phones . Some people even took to Twitter to complain . They better get used to it . The alerts about a blue Nissan -- possibly carrying Ethan Anderson , 8 , and sister Hannah Anderson , 16 -- were the first sent statewide in California under a new program that sends Amber Alerts about abducted children via text messages to millions of mobile phones . The texts are accompanied by a high-pitched squealing sound to get the phone owner 's attention . Marc Klaas , whose daughter Polly was kidnapped from her California home in 1993 and later found dead , was an unlikely critic of Monday 's statewide alerts , telling CNN that while the messages were well intended , their rollout was "  pretty abysmal . " He feared residents might be put off by the harsh noise and opt out of the program . Cell phones have been receiving Amber Alerts since 2005 under a partnership between the wireless industry , the U.S. Justice Department and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . But people had to sign up to receive the alerts -- only about 700,000 did -- and then designate the areas they wanted to get alerts for . They would then only receive alerts for those chosen areas , regardless of where they were physically located . So you could be from Nebraska but vacationing in Florida , for example , and not get an Amber Alert about an abduction a dozen miles from your Tampa hotel . That system was replaced on December 31 , 2012 , by the Wireless Emergency Alert program , run by FEMA , which sends free , automatic notifications to almost every phone in the surrounding area or even the state . Cellphone owners now receive Amber Alerts , as well as emergency weather alerts , based on their proximity to the emergency , not the location of their phone number . And people must opt out if they prefer not to get the alerts . HLN : What you should know about mobile Amber Alerts The messages are sent over a special wireless carrier channel called Cell Broadcast and are n't affected by congestion that might disrupt regular calls and text messages , according to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . About 100 Amber Alerts , sent simultaneously to all compatible mobile devices within range of the cellular towers in the affected area , have been sent nationwide so far under the Wireless Emergency Alert program . The program was credited with locating an abducted 8-month-old boy in Minnesota in February . A Minneapolis teenager saw an Amber Alert on his phone and called police about a neighbor whose Kia matched the description in the alert . The neighbor was arrested , and the infant was recovered unharmed . Carriers representing 98 % of all U.S. wireless subscribers are on the new program , and more than 200 models of phones support the alerts , said Brian Josef , an assistant vice president for regulatory affairs at CTIA , the wireless industry trade association . The alerts "  are absolutely saving lives , " Josef said . "  We have stressed that these alerts have been used judiciously , sparingly , " he added , when asked about irritated reactions to Monday 's Amber Alerts in California . Once phone users understand what it is , "  they appreciate the information , " he said . Some older phones , including the iPhone 4 , will not receive the alerts . People can choose not to hear Amber Alerts by adjusting the notification settings on their phones . Monday 's alert was the third Amber Alert in California in 2013 to use the new system , although the first two were only broadcast to phones in specific counties . A massive manhunt was under way Tuesday and Wednesday in California for James DiMaggio , 40 , whom law enforcement authorities describe as a friend of the children 's mother , Christina Anderson . Launched in Texas in 1996 , Amber Alerts were originally sent out via radio , TV and electronic highway signs as part of the national emergency-alert system that includes warnings about extreme weather such as tornadoes and hurricanes . Some critics of Monday 's alert said it was too vague , offering only a description of the wanted vehicle without further context . But Californians should appreciate that such a notification system exists in times of crisis , wrote columnist Jon Healey in the Los Angeles Times . "  The fact that the alerts were broadcast indiscriminately to San Diego-area cellphones  and later , to all California phones capable of receiving text messages , as the alert went statewide  clearly annoyed a lot of wireless customers , " he wrote . "  But the alerts ca n't really be targeted if police do n't know where the kidnapper is , and it 's impossible to predict who might be in a position to help . So AMBER has to cast a wide net to have any hope of succeeding . "  Yes , it might have helped if the message had been less cryptic . But now that we 've all seen one , we should be able to recognize what such alerts are trying to tell us . "	Californians were startled awake this week by Amber Alerts on their phones The alerts were the first sent statewide in California under a new program Some people were annoyed by the alerts , while others cite them for saving lives Ethan Anderson , 8 , and sister Hannah Anderson , 16 , were abducted last weekend
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius spoke to a friend of Reeva Steenkamp 's in a "  very sinister tone " Tuesday , asking her : "  How can you sleep at night ? " the friend 's lawyer said . Kim Myers found the "  unwelcome approach ... extremely disturbing , " lawyer Ian Levitt said , adding that the incident had been reported to the National Prosecuting Authority . The athlete 's spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . The National Prosecuting Authority confirmed that it had received a report about the alleged incident but said it was legally powerless . "  In law we can not get involved . The Myers family lawyer that made the report was advised to deal with the matter as they deem fit , " said authority spokesman Nathi Mncube . Pistorius , 27 , is accused of murdering Steenkamp , his girlfriend , a model , reality TV star and law school graduate . She was 29 when she was killed . He admits that he fired four bullets through a closed door in his house , killing her , but says he thought he was protecting himself from a burglar . The alleged comments to Steenkamp 's friend came on the day that three neighbors testified about what they heard and saw the night the South African amputee track star killed Steenkamp . One , Michael Nhlengethwa , said that when he saw a stretcher leaving the house , "  I knew she was no more . " Nhlengethwa , who lived next door to Pistorius , was awakened by his wife , Eontle , when she heard a "  bang " that night , he said . Eontle Nhlengethwa imitated the scream she later heard from the Pistorius home , electrifying the court with a powerful wail and then adding , "  But like a man . " Ricca Motshuane , the other neighbor to take the stand Tuesday , also mimicked the sound she heard , letting out two cries , one after another . Defense and prosecution lawyers moved quickly through the three witnesses , leading defense lawyer Barry Roux to suggest that he would conclude his case next Tuesday -- and joking that prosecutor Gerrie Nel should ask more questions so he would n't have to have so many witnesses ready . Differing accounts Five Pistorius neighbors testified for the prosecution , and five have now testified for the defense . The defense witnesses have all described being on friendly terms with the athlete , as opposed to the state witnesses , who said they did not know him . The three who took the stand Tuesday lived closer to Pistorius than the prosecution witnesses and did not hear the same things the state witnesses heard . Several prosecution witnesses described hearing a series of gunshots and a woman screaming . The neighbors who lived closer did not , other than Eontle Nhlengethwa , who heard the single bang that woke her . There is no dispute that Pistorius shot and killed Steenkamp in his home early on the morning of Valentine 's Day 2013 . But if the judge believes that there was no woman screaming , it could sink the prosecution case that the couple argued before the killing , CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps said . Two other neighbors , Johan Stander and his daughter Carice , took the stand Monday . They testified that Pistorius was desperate to save Steenkamp 's life after he shot her . The South African sprinter was "  praying , crying , torn apart " after shooting his girlfriend , pleading with her not to die , Stander said . Stander , the first person on the scene after the shooting , made an impassioned defense of Pistorius on the stand as he described what he saw that night . "  His commitment to save the young lady 's life -- when he put his finger in the young lady 's mouth ... how he begged her to stay alive . ... I saw the truth that morning . I saw it . And I feel it , " said Stander , who was the first person Pistorius called after killing Steenkamp . ` I 've shot Reeva ' He went to Pistorius ' house in response to an urgent phone call from the double amputee sprinter at 3:18 a.m. on February 14 , 2013 , he said . "  Please , please , please , come to my house . I 've shot Reeva . I thought she was an intruder . Please , please , please , come quick , " Pistorius begged Stander , the defense witness testified . Stander was the manager of the Silver Woods Estate , where Pistorius lived . Pistorius ' defense team appears to be trying to use Stander and his daughter to buttress the athlete 's account of the circumstances of the killing , after the prosecution savaged Pistorius on the witness stand . Prosecutor Nel tore into Pistorius over five days in court in April , saying the Paralympic medalist had argued with Steenkamp and killed her on purpose . He tried to force Pistorius to look at a picture of Steenkamp 's head after the shooting , accused Pistorius of being selfish and possessive , and said he refused to take responsibility for his actions . Judge Thokozile Masipa must decide whether Pistorius genuinely made a terrible mistake or whether he murdered Steenkamp intentionally . Live blog : Pistorius on trial The gripping trial has seen Pistorius break down repeatedly , crying , wailing and sometimes throwing up as the court sees and hears evidence about Steenkamp 's death . Evidence has included graphic photos of the wounds ; testimony from neighbors , friends , police and pathologists ; and the actual door through which Pistorius fired four hollow-tipped bullets on the fateful night . Tough cross-examination Roux has said he will call 14 to 17 witnesses . The Nhlengethwas were the sixth and seventh , and Motshuane was the eighth . Pistorius himself testified for seven days in April . The defense team is seeking to cast doubt on the state 's case and needs only to show there is a reasonable doubt that Pistorius meant to kill Steenkamp . Its case will be followed by closing arguments . Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . If Pistorius is found guilty of premeditated murder , he faces life in prison . He could be convicted of the lesser charge of culpable homicide , which would leave his sentence at the discretion of the judge . The trial has gripped South Africa and sports fans worldwide who considered Pistorius a symbol of triumph over physical adversity . His disabled lower legs were amputated when he was a baby , but he went on to achieve global fame as the "  Blade Runner , " winning numerous Paralympic gold medals on the carbon-fiber blades that gave him his nickname . He also competed against able-bodied runners at the Olympics . Only those in the courtroom saw Pistorius on the stand , because he chose not to testify on camera . His testimony could be heard in an audio feed . Oscar Pistorius trial enters new phase after blistering cross-examination Gerrie Nel : ` Bulldog ' prosecutor sinks teeth into Oscar Pistorius at murder trial	NEW : Kim Myers says Pistorius spoke to her in a "  very sinister tone " Defense witnesses did not hear the same things prosecution witnesses did The defense is planning to wrap up next week Pistorius says he mistook his girlfriend for an intruder in the middle of the night
Tianjin , China  Financial Times  -- Wen Jiabao , China 's premier , has promised Beijing will do more to boost flagging growth in the Chinese economy in the coming months as he delivered a spirited defence of his economic legacy and his decade in power . His speech at the World Economic Forum in the eastern Chinese city of Tianjin on Tuesday is likely to be his last high-profile appearance on the global stage before he is replaced as the third-most-senior cadre in the Chinese Communist party next month . He is scheduled to step down as premier in March next year . Mr Wen acknowledged the downturn that has gathered pace in China in recent months . But he insisted his government still had the ability and the will to stabilise the economy , albeit at lower levels than the annual average 10.7 per cent growth seen throughout his time in office . "  Even though our government revenues slowed significantly in the past two months , by the end of July we still had about Rmb1tn -LSB- $ 158bn -RSB- in surplus on our government balance sheet and we have set aside around Rmb100bn as our stability and adjustment fund which we will not hesitate to use , " Mr Wen said . He outlined a number of steps the government had taken this year to prop up the Chinese economy , including tax cuts , interest rate cuts , steady growth in the money supply and stepped up infrastructure investment . But he stressed that the government had not yet taken any extraordinary measures beyond the budget published at the start of the year and pledged that China would meet its target of expanding the economy by 7.5 per cent this year . The economy grew 7.8 per cent in the first half of the year and has deteriorated since then , putting it on track to grow by its lowest annual rate in 13 years . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Wen Jiabao acknowledged the downturn that has gathered pace in China China would meet its target of expanding the economy by 7.5 per cent this year He insisted his government still had the ability and the will to stabilise the economy
CNN  -- It is that time of the year , again . Come January , as soon as the Christmas trees are taken down and the winter sales flood the shops , the world of business starts thinking about the World Economic Forum -- better known as Davos . For the past three years Davos has been consumed by the eurozone sovereign debt crises . As it worsened the speculation became ever more frantic . The questions were endless : Will Greece leave the euro ? Will the eurozone even survive ? Was this all just a big German trick to run Europe ? The speculation became more extreme , more dramatic , more nonsensical . And so questions were asked of other economies : Can China be the biggest engine of growth for the global economy ? Round and round in circles we have gone on these subjects . Frankly , I was starting to wonder if there was anything else to say short of "  it 's a horrible mess ! " This year there is a new bogey man . The U.S. , and in particular the sorry state of the country 's political and budgetary process , will , I have little doubt , be the center of attention . Read more : More ` cliffs ' to come in new Congress Not just because Congress fluffed its big test on the fiscal cliff , but because in doing so it created many more deadlines , any one of which could be deeply unsettling to global markets . There are the $ 100 billion budget cutbacks postponed for two months by the recent agreement ; delayed to the end of February . At exactly the same time , we have the U.S. Treasury 's ability to rob Peter to pay Paul on the debt ceiling crisis coming to a head . Read more : Both Obama , GOP set for tough talks ahead The Treasury 's "  debt suspension period " is an extraordinary piece of financial chicanery . If we tried it with our credit cards , we 'd get locked up . Then there is the expiration of the latest continuing resolution , the authority by which Congress is spending money . There is the terrifying prospect that all these budget woes will conflate into one big political fistfight as the U.S. faces cutbacks , default or shutdown . I am being alarmist . Most rational people believe that the worst sting will be taken out of this tail . But not before we have all been to the edge , and back . And that is what the attendees of Davos will have on their minds . People will be speculating about how dysfunctional the U.S. political process has become and whether it is broken beyond repair  if they are not asking that then they should be  . They will be pondering which is more serious for risk ; the U.S. budget and debt crises or the eurozone sovereign debt debacle . A classic case of being between the devil and the deep blue sea . The official topic this year is Resilient Dynamism . I have absolutely no idea what this means . None whatsoever . It is another of WEF 's ersatz themes dreamt up to stimulate debate in what Martin Sorrell has beautifully termed "  Davosian language . " In short , everyone interprets it as they will . What I will enjoy , as I do every year , is the chance to hear the global players speak , and the brightest and best thinkers give us their take on global problems . The atmosphere becomes febrile as the rock-stars of finance and economics give speeches , talk on panels and give insight . Of course nothing comes of these musings , it never does at Davos . That 's not the point . This is a chance to take stock and see where the political and economic landmines are in 2013 . I like to think of Davos as the equivalent of Control/Alt/Delete . It allows us to reboot . We leave , at least , with an idea of where people stand on the big issues -- provided you can see through the panegyrics of self congratulatory backslapping that always takes place whenever you get like minded people in one place . And this year , I predict the big issue being discussed in coffee bars , salons and fondue houses will be the U.S. and its budgetary woes .	Quest : Davos is a chance to see where the political and economic landmines are in 2013 Quest : People will be speculating about how dysfunctional the U.S. political process has become Quest : Davos has been consumed by eurozone sovereign debt crises for three years
CNN  -- You may not know his name , but anyone who watches movies and television knows the squat , tough-faced character actor Charles Durning , who died on Christmas Eve , according to his family . The 89-year-old decorated World War II veteran had an award-winning career that spanned 20th Century entertainment , from the burlesque stage and theater to television and film , playing roles as diverse as society itself . Durning was the gruff father smitten by Dustin Hoffman 's female impersonation of "  Tootsie , " the Southern politician dancing on stage with George Clooney 's Soggy Bottom Boys in "  O Brother , Where Art Thou ? " and the corrupt cop caught up in the "  big con " by Paul Newman and Robert Redford in "  The Sting . " He won Tony and Golden Globe awards and was nominated for Academy Awards two times as a supporting actor . He also received nine Emmy nominations and was honored in 2007 with a lifetime achievement award from the Screen Actors Guild . Born in Highland Falls , New York , on February 28 , 1923 , Durning became an actor relatively late . According to his TV Guide biography , Durning left home at age 16 and later enlisted in the Army . Durning landed at Normandy on D-Day and fought in the Battle of the Bulge , receiving the Silver Star and three Purple Hearts . He worked odd jobs that ranged from professional boxing to teaching ballroom dancing to ushering in a burlesque house , where he got his start on stage by once filling in for a comic who failed to show up , the actor often recalled . He also attended the American Academy of Dramatic Arts , where he trained with Jason Robards , Colleen Dewhurst and others . Some of Durning 's other best-known roles included his Tony-winning performance as Big Daddy in "  Cat on a Hot Tin Roof " , the governor in "  Best Little Whorehouse in Texas " , a beleaguered police officer in "  Dog Day Afternoon " and as Doc Hopper , the owner of a frog leg restaurant in "  The Muppet Movie . " Durning 's family , in a statement issued Tuesday , said , "  Not only was Charlie a World War II hero but he was also a hero to his family . Charlie loved Christmas and if he could have chosen a time to pass , he would have chosen this day . " People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Durning won Tony and Golden Globe awards and was nominated for two Oscars His best-known work involved supporting roles in popular films spanning decades He played police officers , politicians and even the owner of a frog leg restaurant His career spanned 20th Century entertainment from burlesque to stage to film and TV
CNN  -- Even by dramatic jailbreak standards , this escape was particularly brazen . Two men posing as tourists reportedly commandeered a helicopter from a Canadian tour company , ordered the pilot to fly over a detention center near Montreal , hoisted two inmates using cables or ropes into the hovering aircraft -- and zipped away . All in broad daylight . All in full view of incredulous witnesses . It was a real "  James Bond moment , " witness Francis Emond told CNN affiliate CTV about Sunday 's escape from the correctional facility in Saint - Jerome , about half-hour northwest of Montreal . But despite the movie-worthy getaway , the prisoners ' freedom did n't last long . By early Monday morning , authorities arrested both inmates and two other people . Sky 's no limit : 5 epic helicopter prison escapes A pilot roped into the plot ? Authorities have not yet said how long they believe the plot had been percolating . But it was put into play early Sunday afternoon . The helicopter belonged to a tour company in Mont-Tremblant , a city in Quebec about 130 kilometers  80 miles  northwest of Montreal . Two men posing as tourists hired the chopper for a tour , said a reporter from LCN television network who said he knows the pilot . Once they were in the air , the men held a gun to the pilot 's head and reportedly ordered him to fly to Saint-Jerome . Quebec provincial police spokesman Benoit Richard would not comment on the reports . Reaction time ` probably too slow ' Once at the detention center , the helicopter hovered as two inmates climbed aboard using cables or ropes lowered for them , police said . Slack-jawed prison guards watched as the helicopter then spirited away as two of their prisoners clung on . One of them , police said , was 36-year-old Benjamin Hudon-Barbeau who had beaten a double murder conviction on an appeal . But he was in prison in connection with an attempted murder investigation . The other , 33-year-old Danny Provencal , was serving a seven-year sentence for various offenses , including arson , police said . The prison , which houses 480 inmates , knows how to handle the expected . About a month ago , it quelled a riot before it got out of hand . But , Yves Galarneau , the deputy director general of Correctional Services Western Quebec , said he 'd never seen anything like this escape in his three-decade-long career . "  The reaction time was probably too slow , " he told reporters , adding that everything happened very quickly . Galarneau also acknowledged the jail did not have security protocol in place to prevent a helicopter from swooping in . "  As far as I know , it 's a first in Quebec , " he told reporters at the scene . "  It 's exceptional . " A manhunt for the fugitives followed . Calls to a station Adding an extra layer of audacity to an already extraordinary caper , a man claiming to be Hudon-Barbeau called a Montreal radio station to say he 'd been shot in the calf during the escape -- and to justify his departure . "  I do n't want to cause any harm to anybody . I am not a killer . I never did anything bad to an innocent , " the man told 98.5 FM . "  I know that  the escape  was n't the best thing to do , but I did n't want to stay in prison anymore . I am ready to die . " The man then said the escape was Provencal 's idea . "  It was not my idea to get away but Danny convinced me it was his friends who arranged it outside , " the man said . Chopper found Authorities found the chopper back in Mont-Tremblant , where the flight originated . The pilot was inside but the men had fled . The pilot was taken to a hospital for a medical assessment and later for questioning . Police later said they had ruled him out as a suspect . The men , meanwhile , escaped in a white Cadillac Escalade -- with police on their tail . A short-lived breakout Authorities tracked the SUV to the town of Chersey , about 50 minutes north of Saint-Jerome . The men got out of the vehicle there and began shooting , said Richard , the police spokesman . Police shot back , he said , but no one was injured . LCN , the television station , showed images of a cottage where the men were believed to be hiding . Outside , the white Cadillac stood , its driver 's side door open . Six hours after the escape , police arrested three men . One of them was Hudon-Barbeau . Police did not release the names of the other two . But Provencal was still missing . Several hours would go by before he too was in custody . Police found him holed up inside a sugar shack in the same city . He eventually surrendered early Monday morning . All four men will appear in a court in Saint-Jerome Monday to face charges . Escapes not unheard of While spectacular , airborne escapes are not unheard of . Albanian inmate Alket Rizaj broke out of a maximum security prison in Greece twice -- in 2006 and 2009 . On both occasions , accomplices swooped in to the prison 's courtyard on helicopters and inmates climbed aboard using rope ladders . Both times , Rizaj was recaptured . Last month , another prison escape in Greece tried to use the same tactic . But the plot was foiled when the prisoner was shot and the chopper was forced to land on the prison parking lot . In 1971 , Joel David Kaplan escaped from a Mexican jail aboard a helicopter . The New Yorker 's flight inspired the book "  The 10-Second Jailbreak : The Helicopter Escape of Joel David Kaplan " and the 1975 movie "  Breakout . " And in France , Pascal Payet escaped not once , not twice but three times from French prisons . Each time , he was recaptured . Fleeing to the sky : 5 epic helicopter prison escapes CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt , Paula Newton , Alexander Hunter and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say there was shootout with the suspects , but no one was injured It was a real "  James Bond moment , " a witness says By early Monday , both inmates had been captured "  It 's a first in Quebec , " a correction officer says
CNN  -- On Monday , the team of grave diggers at Shaikh Radwan Cemetery in Gaza City prepared 15 graves , their busiest morning yet . And they 're preparing for more . One of the slots was for 5-year-old Yusif Al-Dalou . He and eight members of his family were killed Sunday in an Israeli airstrike on their home . Their bodies were carried through the street to the sound of gunfire under Hamas banners to the cemetery . After the crowd left and the chanting stopped , friends and relatives prayed quietly . Israeli officials say the airstrike was targeting a Hamas military official , though no Hamas official is known to be among the dead . Fear in Israel despite Iron Dome Gaza City 's main cemetery is located outside the city , near the border with Israel and , therefore , too dangerous for funerals . So , on Monday , relatives were taking their dead to the Shaikh Radwan Cemetery , which is technically full . Back where Al-Dalou 's home once stood , mourners greeted an Egyptian delegation led by Mohamed Katatni , head of the Freedom and Justice Party , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood . A member of the delegation vowed vengeance against Israel for the deaths of Gazan children -- caught in a struggle they were too young to comprehend . "  There will be an escalation , " said Hamdi , whose brother was killed in another Israeli attack Sunday . Like many here , he said he is weary of war , but sees more coming . "  Israel wo n't accept our conditions , " he said . "  It wants blood for blood . " Israel has demanded an end to rocket attacks from Gaza . "  Today , 116 rockets were launched from Gaza into Israel , " IDF spokeswoman Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich told CNN . "  That was not a quiet day . " The view in parts of this strip of land -- about twice the size of Washington , D.C. , and home to 1.7 million residents -- reveals the kinds of images that news networks typically show after massive earthquakes : mounds of rubble , lifeless bodies , survivors -- some wailing , others appearing bewildered . What 's different this time But the forces shaping Gaza City 's pockmarked landscape Monday were no act of God , residents here said on the sixth consecutive day of Israel 's attack . As darkness fell , the city 's streets were deserted , quiet but for the constant buzz of drones overhead and the occasional blast of a missile either being launched or landing . On one street , a blast on Sunday hurled a boulder-sized chunk of road through the roof of a two-story building where two children and their family were living . "  The babies were under the rubble -- here and here , " their aunt told CNN as she pointed to the chalky wreckage . "  They were sleeping with their father over here . Suddenly , the house collapsed . The brother ran to them . He found them under this rock . " Relatives say the 2-year and 4-year-old were fatally crushed ; a nearby boulder was tinged red , the remains of the room covered in dirt . Their father survived . In an apartment below , the children 's 22-year-old mother was wearing a black hijab that covered all but her eyes . "  I am in shock , " she said . "  I do n't believe it . My two children . They are priceless to me . My life now is very difficult . " She put her hands over the slit in the fabric over her eyes , bowed and shook . Online campaign seeks to stop the violence The air strike occurred at about 1:30 a.m. By the time CNN arrived a few hours later , a bulldozer was moving piles of dirt into what neighbors said had been a crater left by the blast . A few streets away , people were picking through a similar landscape . The roof of a three-story building lay on the ground . A few yards away , a man in a green T-shirt held his head in his hands as he surveyed the wreckage . He said he had been warned . "  The Israel Defense Forces called us , " he said . "  At first , we did n't believe them . Then they hit us with a small rocket on the roof . Ten minutes after that , they hit the house . " By then , the residents of the house had evacuated . Still ,15 neighbors were wounded in the ensuing attack , he said . The Israeli military said it could not confirm it was responsible for either hit in a neighborhood known for having launched rockets toward Israel . CNN personnel saw rockets blasting from the area , leaving a trail of smoke over the neighborhood mosque . A building that housed a center used by some media outlets was also an apparent target of Israeli missiles . Witnesses said three explosions were followed by a ball of flame from the third floor at 3:20 p.m. . At least two people were killed , Palestinian sources said . Ramez Harb , information leader of the military media office of Palestinian Islamic Jihad , was among them , the sources said . In addition , two children were wounded , the sources said . Journalists inside the building had also been warned to leave . They did so , staying out for several hours , after which a few returned . That 's when it was hit . The building had also been struck on Sunday . Israel and Hamas : How the conflict reignited CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Sara Sidner and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Funeral is held Monday for 5-year-old Yusif Al-Dalou The cemetery outside Gaza City is too dangerous for funerals "  My life is now very difficult , " says the mother of two dead children
CNN  -- A Texan couple faces an agonizing wait for the birth of their baby boy to a surrogate , some 14,000 kilometers away , in a country now under military rule that 's changing the laws mid-way through the pregnancy . The parents , who have asked not to be named , have never met their surrogate , who they chose from a photo and profile supplied by a clinic in Thailand . "  We are not allowed to have direct access to the surrogate ,  to  talk to her ... . but we are in contact with our agency that has kept us up to date even in the midst of all that has been happening , " they said in an email to CNN . What 's been happening is an unprecedented crackdown on a lucrative industry that has flourished in the absence of rules and regulations . In recent weeks , Thai authorities have raided a number of surrogacy clinics , closing some down and throwing hundreds of couples into a legal and emotional maelstrom . "  The thing that has helped me cope with all the uncertainty is my faith and the hope to have a baby , " said the intending mother from Texas . She 's not alone . Hundreds of confused couples Families Through Surrogacy  FTS  , a non-profit organization that helps intending parents through the process , says there are currently around 400 couples with pregnant surrogates or frozen embryos in Thailand . Around half are from Australia , with many others from the U.S. , Canada and Israel , said FTS founder Sam Everingham , who has been inundated with calls from around the world from worried parents . "  Many clinics are being run on a skeleton staff , or staff working from home . As a result it 's very hard for parents to contact their clinics , " Everingham said . "  We want to assure parents that their surrogates are being looked after . They should n't panic , they should n't try to contact their surrogates direct . This is a difficult time but clinics are doing all they can to ensure those existing pregnancies are looked after , " he said . Draft laws approved The recent police raids have exposed the extremes of surrogacy in Thailand , including the case of a 24-year-old Japanese man suspected of fathering at least 12 surrogate babies because he wanted "  a big family , " according to his lawyer . DNA tests are underway . The industry had already been subject to international scrutiny following the case of baby Gammy , a seven-month-old boy with Down Syndrome whose parents left him with their Thai surrogate , while taking his twin sister home to Australia . It was later revealed the children 's father , David Farnell , was a convicted pedophile . Change in the industry was already underway , with the announcement by Thailand 's military government in late July that clinics would be reviewed to ensure they were abiding by the Medical Council 's code of conduct . Many were n't . "  People have been operating on a pretty informal basis and the risk has always been that that would change , and change very quickly . So in that sense the worst fears of legal professionals like myself have come to bear , " said Jenni Millbank , a surrogacy expert from the University of Technology in Sydney . Last week , the interim Thai Cabinet approved a draft law to make commercial surrogacy a criminal offense . It 's unclear when it will be formally approved by the National Legislative Assembly and endorsed by the Thai King . Everingham told CNN it 's unlikely people in current arrangements will be charged . "  The Thai government has assured us in recent days that there will not be penalties for those in current arrangements , whether they be surrogates or intending parents .  But  there will be a new process for exit from the country , " he said . Babies stopped at airport In the last few days , Thai immigration officials have stopped two couples -- from the U.S. and Australia -- from leaving the country with their newborn babies . Police Major General Suwitpol Imjairat said both had been allowed to leave after presenting a missing document . "  Thai authorities are now more rigorously enforcing documentary requirements upon exit of the country when they suspect a child has been born of surrogacy in Thailand , " said a spokesman from the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade  DFAT  . A spokeswoman from the U.S. Embassy said : "  We are aware of reports of cases where the parents were not permitted to exit , and we are seeking clarification about Thai Immigration requirements . " Suwitpol told reporters on Tuesday : "  If all documents are right , there will be no problems . " Legal limbo Couples with pregnant surrogates are now expected to have to seek a Family Court ruling before they 're able to take their newborns out of the country -- a process that could take up to six months . "  It 's been three to five weeks in the past . It 's a huge increase , " Everingham said . The extra costs and delays are an unexpected blow for couples who have already spent thousands of dollars on surrogacy services , but there 's little they can do . "  Going early to Thailand would serve no purpose , and we would not know who to lobby anyway , " the hopeful Texan mother said . "  We are not rich . We have regular jobs , and like most people , we only have so much vacation time to use to get our baby and take care of the legal requirements to take our baby home . " End of Thai surrogacy ? Already , people who may have sought surrogacy in Thailand are looking elsewhere , Everingham said . "  Mexico and Nepal are very viable possibilities now for same-sex couples , singles and de facto couples . " The options will be discussed at a conference in Washington DC , next month , when Families Through Surrogacy will also be calling for mandatory criminal checks worldwide on intending parents , to avoid a repeat of the outrage that followed the case of baby Gammy . "  At the moment , some U.S. clinics do ask for criminal checks on parents , but it 's the least that can be done by clinics to protect their reputation , as well as protect the babies who 'll be born , " Everingham said . It 's likely the Thai crackdown will lead to a sharp drop in foreign parents seeking surrogacy in the country . However , Everingham says he does n't think that it 's the end of the industry in Thailand . "  There is going to be surrogacy in the future , but brokers or intermediaries wo n't be allowed . Basically it looks like it 'll only really be possible if you arrive with a local Thai person or you 're bringing a surrogate in from another country with you . "	400 couples worldwide worried for surrogate babies in Thailand Thai Cabinet approved draft laws to criminalize commercial surrogacy Raids exposed extremes of the industry , a man suspected of fathering 12 babies Intending parents have been stopped at Bangkok airport by immigration officials
Real Simple  -- Here are five great ways to enjoy your summer . Lazing in a hammock is one of the best ways to spend a summer evening . Best way to cut jeans into shorts -- What better way to declare the start of summer ? The key to cutting off jeans is not to go too short too soon . Slip on the jeans and mark the desired length on one leg with chalk . "  Take them off , fold the leg at the mark , and iron the fold , " says Caroline Calvin , creative director of Levi 's . "  Then cut just under the crease with fabric scissors . Lay the short jean leg on top of the other side and cut to evenly match . " Repeat as needed to get the length you want . Ninety-degree days ? Bring 'em on ! The best way to catch fireflies -- How ? With womanly wiles : "  Fireflies blink to attract a mate , " explains naturalist Lynn Havsall , director of programs at the George B. Dorr Museum of Natural History , in Bar Harbor , Maine . "  Males fly around while females sit in trees , in shrubs , or on the ground . So find a female and watch her blinking pattern . Then imitate the pattern with a pen flashlight and the males will come to you . " -RSB- A plus : The bugs move slowly , so they 're easy to trap in a jar . Punch some holes in the lid and add a little grass and a piece of fruit for moisture . Admire your pretty night-lights till bedtime , then let them go . The best way to run on the beach -- Who needs a treadmill when you have miles of shoreline ? Running on the beach can get you into great shape . Take it from lifeguard Benjamin Guss , 25 , of Del Mar , California , who recently qualified to compete in this year 's Iron Man triathlon  yes , that means swimming 2.4 miles , biking 112 miles , and then running a marathon -- consecutively  in Kailua-Kona , Hawaii . Beware , shoeless Joes . If you choose to run barefoot , keep your workouts brief at first to allow tender soles to build up calluses . "  You can get blisters , even burns , from hot , soft sand , " says Guss . "  I like to run barefoot , but for more than a couple miles , I wear shoes . " Know your sand . "  In soft sand , one mile is like two , " says Guss . You may work foot and leg muscles you do n't always use , so start slowly . And hard sand can be as tough on your legs as the road , so wear running sneakers . Pick the right time to run . "  My favorite time is in the evening , " says Guss . "  The wind dies down , and the sand is n't that hot . " To work harder , fill small bags with sand to use as hand weights . The best way to get in and out of a hammock -- Everyone looks good lazing in a hammock -- it 's getting in and out that 's tricky . To make it less so , try these tips from Penny Waugh , a buyer for http://www.hammocks.com/ . • Position your backside toward the hammock 's center and tilt back until you reach a 45-degree angle , with the hammock parallel to your rear . • Gently sit back into the hammock and let it level out . • Swing your legs up and stretch them out . • Lie back . Loll . Sigh contentedly . For a graceful exit , sit upright and swing your legs off , anchoring your feet on the ground . Then push with your behind , gathering momentum to stand . "  It 's tricky , since there 's nothing to hold on to , " says Waugh . "  But it 's good for the glutes . " The best way to tie espadrilles -- Apply this lace-up logic from Meghan Cleary , author of "  The Perfect Fit : What Your Shoes Say About You . " • Slide your foot fully into the shoe and plant it firmly on the floor . • Cross and tie the laces once behind the ankle , then bring them forward , cross and tie again , and continue up the leg , depending on how long the laces are . The calf is the maximum height -- any higher and you 'll look like a gladiator . • Each time you cross and tie , secure the laces slightly tighter than is comfortable , since they will loosen a bit when you walk . Just do n't cut off your circulation . • For a streamlined leg , make the final tie in the back . Create a more whimsical look by putting the final tie in front with a small bow . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright 2007 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Real Simple tips can add up to great summer Best way to catch fireflies starts with easiest to catch Tip on how not to look like a gladiator when wearing espadrilles There is a graceful way to get in and out of a hammock
CNN  -- A federal grand jury has charged a British man with hacking into thousands of computer systems and stealing confidential U.S. government information . Lauri Love , 28 , and alleged co-conspirators are accused of trying to "  disrupt the operations and infrastructure " of various agencies and departments , including the Army , NASA , and the Environmental Protection Agency . The indictment was announced Monday by U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman of New Jersey . "  As part of their alleged scheme , they stole military data and personal identifying information belonging to servicemen and women , " said Fishman . "  Such conduct endangers the security of our country and is an affront to those who serve . " Love was arrested Friday at his Stradishall , England , home . He faces one count of illegally accessing a government computer system and one count of conspiracy . Related criminal charges were also unsealed in Virginia on Monday .	Indictment alleges suspect hacked into networks and stole confidential information Suspect Lauri Love and others allegedly sought to disrupt Army , NASA , EPA systems Love was arrested on Friday at his home in England
CNN  -- Erykah Badu 's naked stroll through downtown Dallas , Texas , for a music video has earned her a disorderly conduct citation . The singer shed her clothes as she walked through Dealey Plaza until she was nude and then fell near where President John F. Kennedy was assassinated . Badu said the video was "  shot guerrilla style , " without a crew and in one take March 17 . A Dallas Police spokeswoman said earlier in the week that they wanted to press charges against Badu because children were present , but no one had called police or filed a complaint that day . Police now have their witness . "  One witness did come forward yesterday , thus leading to the charges filed today , " a statement from Dallas Police said Friday . A citation of misdemeanor disorderly conduct has been mailed to Badu , who is a Dallas resident , police said . "  After much discussion , it has been determined that this charge best fits her conduct when she disrobed in a public place without disregard -LSB- sic -RSB- to other individuals and children who were in close proximity , " the police statement said . If convicted , Badu could be fined $ 500 , police said . "  It will be up to her as to how she wants to proceed further with this case , " police said . "  She can contest it in a court of law or simply pay the fine . " Badu and her representatives did not immediately respond to a request for comment . She did post a series of short messages on the social networking site Twitter last weekend , soon after the "  Window Seat " video was released on her Web site . She tweeted that "  there were children there . i prayed they wouldnt b traumatized . "	Citation of misdemeanor disorderly conduct has been mailed to Erykah Badu The singer shed her clothes as she walked through Dealey Plaza in Dallas , Texas Badu was filming a music video in the March 17 incident If convicted , Badu could be fined $ 500 , police said
CNN  -- The wife of fugitive Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , three of his children and some of his grandchildren arrived in Algeria on Monday morning , Algerian diplomats said . Mourad Benmehidi , the Algerian ambassador to the United Nations , said he relayed the news to Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon earlier Monday . Benmehidi said his country granted entrance to Gadhafi 's wife , Safia , his daughter , Aisha , sons Hannibal and Mohamed and their children on "  humanitarian grounds . " "  We made sure the international community has been informed , " said Benmehidi . The ambassador said he did not know whether Moammar Gadhafi was expected to seek entry into Algeria and claimed none of the Gadhafis were subject to U.N. Security Council sanctions . In fact , U.N. Security Council Resolution 1970 , passed on February 26 , includes the names of all three Gadhafi children who are now in Algeria as being subject to a "  travel ban " because of their "  closeness of association with  the  regime . " The U.N. ban requires "  all member states " to prevent them and others listed from entering their territories , unless there is some special circumstance that the council agrees warrants an exception . The resolution also allows the nation -- in this case , Algeria -- to determine "  on a case-by-case basis that such entry or transit is required to advance peace and stability  and  notifies the committee within 48 hours after making such a determination . " News on Monday of the Gadhafi relatives ' departure from Libya came the same day that a senior rebel commander reported that Khamis Gadhafi , a son of the Libyan leader and military commander in his regime , had been killed Sunday night . Mahdi al-Harati , the vice chairman of the rebels ' Military Council , the military wing of the National Transitional Council , said Khamis Gadhafi died in a battle with rebel forces between the villages of Tarunah and Bani Walid in northwest Libya . Khamis Gadhafi , who was a senior military commander under his father , was taken to a hospital where he died from his injuries , said al-Harati . He was then buried in the area by rebel forces , al-Harati said . His father , Moammar Gadhafi , meanwhile , is still wanted by the International Criminal Court in The Hague on charges of war crimes . So , too , is Moammar 's son Saif al-Islam Gadhafi and his brother-in-law and intelligence chief , Abdullah al-Sanussi . But should any of those three get to Algeria , there is no guarantee they would face trial . Algeria is not a signatory of the Rome Treaty that established the International Criminal Court . The longtime ruler 's whereabouts have been a mystery since the rebels overran Tripoli last week . Rebel commanders said Gadhafi was not found in the network of tunnels beneath his Bab al-Aziziya compound , and reports that he had been holed up in an apartment block nearby or at a farm near Tripoli 's airport did n't pan out . The National Transitional Council , which is forming a provisional government in Tripoli since overrunning the city last week , has not yet confirmed the news about Gadhafi 's family members , spokesman Mahmoud al-Shammam told CNN . But he said that if true , the NTC would demand the return of the family members . He promised they would receive a fair trial . The rebels had previously speculated that Gadhafi could be trying to reach Algeria or Libya 's southern neighbor Chad , both countries with which his government had close ties . "  Those are the only two neighboring countries that have been showing support for him , " Guma El-Gamaty , an NTC official based in Britain , said last week . In London , Britain 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office said the fate of Gadhafi 's relatives "  is a matter for the NTC . " In Washington , White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters the United States has no indication Gadhafi has left Libya . On Monday night , a senior official in President Barack Obama 's administration -- speaking on condition of anonymity , given the diplomatic sensitivity of the issue -- said the Libyan leader 's wife and three children are believed to be in the Algerian government 's custody . The official echoed earlier comments from U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland that what 's important is that Gadhafi and his relatives , wherever they are , are held accountable . "  We want to see justice and accountability for Gadhafi and those members of his family with blood on their hands and those members of his regime with blood on their hands , " Nuland said . "  But it 'll be a decision of the Libyan people ,  as to  how that goes forward . " Algeria , which the CIA World Factbook says has a population of 35 million , repeatedly has been mentioned as a possible destination for Gadhafi and his family . Guma El-Gamaty , the Britain-based coordinator for Libya 's National Transitional Council , said earlier this month that Algeria and Chad "  are the only two neighboring countries that have been showing support for him . " Jon Alterman , director of the Middle East Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , noted similarities between Libya under Gadhafi and Algeria , with a largely oil-driven economy and strong central government under President Abdelaziz Bouteflika "  that is concerned with popular uprisings . " "  My sense is that Algeria was supportive , in part , because they had worked out a modus vivendi  or , practical compromise  with Gadhafi and they feared the contagion of mass popular unrest in the region , " Alterman said . Yet while many nations in Africa had determined "  it was easier to manage  Gadhafi  than to defeat him , " especially when he shared some oil-derived wealth around the continent , Alterman said he finds it unlikely any nation will now risk international scorn by taking in the embattled leader himself -- or that Gadhafi would ever leave Libya . Of Gadhafi 's family members now in Algeria , Aisha Gadhafi was a good will ambassador for the U.N. Development Program and has kept a low profile during the six-month revolt against her father . She had been named to the position in 2009 to address HIV/AIDS and violence against women in Libya , but U.N. officials terminated her position as Gadhafi unleashed his military on anti-government protesters early in the conflict . She is due to give birth in early September , sources close to her family told CNN . Hannibal Gadhafi is a headline maker . He has reportedly paid millions of dollars for private parties featuring big-name entertainers including Beyonce , Mariah Carey and Usher . Several of the artists now say they have given the money back . Rebels who picked through his seaside villa on Sunday also introduced CNN 's Dan Rivers to his family 's badly burned former nanny , who said she had been doused with boiling water by his wife , model Aline Skaf , when she refused to beat one of their crying toddlers . The nanny , Shweyga Mullah , is covered with scars from the abuse , which was corroborated by another member of the household staff . Hannibal was also accused of a string of violent incidents in Europe , including beating his staff and his wife . Charges were dropped in the case of his staff , and Skaf later said her broken nose was the result of an accident . In another high-profile episode , Hannibal was stopped after driving his Ferrari 90 mph the wrong way on the Champs-Elysees in Paris . He invoked diplomatic immunity . Mohamed Gadhafi , meanwhile , was one of three Gadhafi sons who had been reported captured as the rebels overran Tripoli last week . But the rebels said he had escaped the next day . CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Greg Botelho , Richard Roth and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : A U.S. official says the Gadhafi kin are believed to be in Algerian custody Algeria allowed the Gadhafi relatives entry on humanitarian grounds , diplomat says The 3 Gadhafi children in Algeria are named in a U.N. Security Council travel ban A rebel spokesman says the NTC wants them returned to Libya
CNN  -- Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari denied his nation was involved in last week 's deadly attacks on Mumbai , India , and told CNN on Tuesday he 's seen no evidence that a suspect in custody is a Pakistani national as Indian officials claim . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari says he believes the Mumbai attackers were "  stateless actors . " "  I think these are stateless actors who have been operating all throughout the region , " Zardari said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in an interview set to air Tuesday night . "  The gunmen plus the planners , whoever they are , -LSB- are -RSB- stateless actors who have been holding hostage the whole world . " At least 179 people were killed when a band of gunmen attacked 10 targets in Mumbai on Wednesday night , triggering three days of battles with police and Indian troops in the heart of the city -- the hub of India 's financial and entertainment industries . Most of the deaths occurred at the city 's top two hotels : the Oberoi and the Taj Mahal . Watch Zardari blame "  stateless actors " " Indian officials have publicly blamed Pakistani militants for the attacks , and called on Pakistan to hand over a group of wanted militant leaders suspected of plotting them . On Tuesday , Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mahmood Qureshi proposed a joint investigation into the attacks and said , "  This is not the time to point fingers . " Zardari confirmed he is willing to have Pakistani security officials participate with India in a joint investigation . "  The state of Pakistan is in no way responsible , " Zardari told King . " ... Even the White House and the American CIA have said that today . The state of Pakistan is , of course , not involved . We 're part of the victims , Larry . I 'm a victim . The state of Pakistan is a victim . We are the victims of this war , and I am sorry for the Indians , and I feel sorry for them . " Indian officials have said that the only suspected attacker in custody has told police he is a Pakistani national . Indian intelligence sources have told CNN 's sister network , CNN-IBN , that police believe all the attackers were Pakistanis . Indian police say nine of the 10 attackers were killed by Indian forces . Asked about the suspect in custody , Zardari said : "  We have not been given any tangible proof to say that he is definitely a Pakistani . I very much doubt it , Larry , that he is a Pakistani . " He said Pakistan is looking into the allegation , but added , "  Like I said , these are stateless individuals . ... We 've had incidents the past two days in Karachi where we 've lost more than 40 to 45 people , hundreds injured . These are stateless actors who are moving throughout this region . " India summoned Pakistan 's high commissioner , the top-ranking Pakistani diplomat in New Delhi , to External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee 's office Monday to inform him that last week 's massacre in Mumbai "  was carried out by elements from Pakistan . " It renewed a demand that Pakistan hand over a group of militant leaders whose extradition it has sought since a 2001 attack on India 's Parliament that brought the South Asian nuclear rivals to the brink of war . "  The government expects that strong action would be taken against those elements , whosoever they may be , responsible for this outrage , " a statement from India 's Foreign Ministry said . "  It was conveyed to the Pakistan high commissioner that Pakistan 's actions needed to match the sentiments expressed by its leadership that it wishes to have a qualitatively new relationship with India . " The list reportedly includes Hafiz Mohammed , the head of Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a now-banned Islamic militant group that denied last week that it was involved in the Mumbai attack . The group is blamed for the 2001 attack on India 's Parliament . "  I am definitely going to look into all the possibility of any proof that is given to us , " Zardari said . "  At the moment , these are just names of individuals . No proof , no investigation , nothing has been brought forward . " If proof of the individuals ' involvement is provided , he said , "  We would try them in our courts , we would try them in our land , and we would sentence them . " Indian authorities said the suspect in custody was trained by Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . Zardari told CNN that Lashkar-e-Tayyiba is a "  banned organization " in Pakistan and around the world . "  If indeed they are involved , we would not know , " he said . "  Again , they are people who operate outside the system . They operate like -- al Qaeda , for instance , is not state-oriented . They operate something on that mechanism , and ... I 've already offered India full cooperation on this incident , and we intend to do that . " "  I 'm firmly committed to fighting terrorism per se , " he said . "  That 's why we are fighting them every day , Larry . " Asked about the possibility of Indian military strikes against terrorist camps in Pakistan , Zardari said : "  I would not agree with that because this is a time to come together and do a joint investigation and look at the problem in the larger context . We have a larger threat on our hands ... it 's a threat throughout the region . So that would be counterproductive . " Pakistan and India , both nuclear powers , have a tense relationship and have fought three wars since the subcontinent was divided in 1947 . On whether the Mumbai attacks could trigger a fourth war , Zardari said : "  Larry , democracies do n't go to war . All those wars you 're talking about did not take place in any democracy . They all happened in the times of dictators . ... "  The whole nation of Pakistan is united to ... becoming friends with India , " he said .	Pakistani President Zardari : "  Stateless actors " behind attacks in Mumbai , India Indian intelligence sources tell CNN-IBN they believe attackers were Pakistani Zardari says he doubts suspect in custody is Pakistani He says he 's willing to have Pakistan participate in a joint investigation with India
CNN  -- Canadian authorities were preparing Friday to file warrants for murder against a 21-year-old security firm employee in the robbery of an armored vehicle at the University of Alberta that left three other security employees dead and a fourth critically injured , police said . Edmonton police were in the process of filing Canada-wide warrants for three counts of first-degree murder and one count of attempted murder against Travis Brandon Baumgartner of Edmonton , said Bob Hassel , superintendent of the Edmonton Police criminal investigations division . "  With the approval of the Crown , we now believe we have reasonable , probable grounds , that this is the person responsible for this terrible crime , " Hassel told CNN . Police said they believe Baumgartner is "  armed and dangerous " and are urging the public to use extreme caution should anyone happen to encounter him . Baumgartner is an employee of the security firm G4S , company spokeswoman Fiona Walters told CNN . The firm , which specializes in outsourcing , has more than 657,000 employees and operates in 125 countries , its website says . The three people killed and the one person critically injured are also G4S employees , Walters said . "  We are shocked and horrified by the incident and would like to express our heartfelt condolences to the victims ' families and to all of our employees in Edmonton , " the firm said in a statement . "  We are doing everything we can to assist the Edmonton Police with their investigation . " Earlier in the day , Canadian authorities said they were searching for Baumgartner as a "  person of interest " in the shooting at the university in Edmonton early Friday . An emergency notice by the university said the shooting happened during an armored car robbery . Investigators were trying to find Baumgartner because he "  is believed to be one of several armoured company employees that attended the U of A around midnight " on Friday "  to make a delivery , " Edmonton police said in a written statement . Authorities also released a photograph of Baumgartner . Investigators "  confirmed the shootings were the result of an armed robbery of an armoured vehicle making deliveries at the U of A 's Hub Mall building , " police said in their statement . Officers were called to the campus and found three bodies and a fourth victim with life-threatening injuries , police said . 3 dead 3 wounded in Auburn shooting The area where the shootings occurred remained closed off , but the university said exams and other university business will proceed as scheduled . Police did not immediately release the names of the victims , pending notification of next of kin . CNN 's Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	NEW : Police are preparing murder warrants against Travis Brandon Baumgartner , 21 NEW : Security firm says he is an employee , as are the three dead and one wounded Police release Baumgartner 's photograph ; he was making a campus delivery The shooting occurred at the University of Alberta in Edmonton
CNN  -- A possible merger between the two of the largest companies in the concert business has raised protests from singer Bruce Springsteen and prompted a congressman to call for a federal anti-trust investigation . A possible merger between Ticketmaster and Live Nation has drawn interest . Ticketmaster , which has long dominated ticket sales , is reportedly in merger talks with Live Nation , the world 's largest concert promoter , which just recently began selling its own tickets . Live Nation did not respond to a CNN inquiry , while Ticketmaster 's spokesman said "  we can not comment on rumor or speculation . " "  Being two public companies , they ca n't really comment on it right now , but it seems very real to me , " said Ray Waddell , Billboard magazine 's concert tour reporter . iReport : What do you think of the possible merger ? "  You 're talking about a hugely powerful entity if these two combine forces , " Waddell said . "  They 're locking up a whole lot of the revenue streams for live music , and that is really the most consistent and profitable part of the music business right now . " Ticketmaster , long a target of fan and artist criticism , drew Springsteen 's ire this week when it routed some of his fans trying to buy tickets to his show in New Jersey to a "  secondary site " where they were charged far more than face value . Tickets on that site -- which Ticketmaster owns -- cost between $ 200 and $ 5,000 , while face value starts at $ 54 . Springsteen , in a message posted on his Web site , accused Ticketmaster of "  in effect ` scalping ' " the tickets . Ticketmaster CEO Irving Azoff apologized to Springsteen in a letter Wednesday , saying it would n't happen again . New Jersey Congressman Bill Pascrell , who said he was "  deluged this week by calls from angry music fans , " sent a letter to the Federal Trade Commission chairman asking that the FTC look into Ticketmaster 's practices . After reports that Ticketmaster and Live Nation might merge , Pascrell sent another letter to the House Judiciary Committee calling for a probe . "  There is an incredible potential for abuse when one company controls the primary and secondary market for concert tickets , " Pascrell wrote . "  That potential will surely be magnified exponentially should one company be able to control every aspect of recording , record sales , licensing , venue ownership and ticket sales . " Springsteen 's Web message asked his fans to "  make it known to your representatives " if they opposed a merger . "  The one thing that would make the current ticket situation even worse for the fan than it is now would be Ticketmaster and Live Nation coming up with a single system , thereby returning us to a near monopoly situation in music ticketing , " said the message , signed by Springsteen and his agent . Waddell , who has covered the friction between Ticketmaster , artists and fans , said combining the two companies could mean some fan-friendly changes , including rolling all fees into one ticket price to eliminate "  sticker shock " when fans look at their credit card bill . Ticketmaster 's practice of stacking "  convenience fees " onto purchases inflated ticket prices and drew fan resentment . Ticketmaster pioneered online ticket sales , a modern convenience that did away with long lines at the box office . "  What Ticketmaster has done to ticketing , they 've really revolutionized it as far as the old days , when you had to camp out for a high-demand show , " Waddell said . Waddell said he does n't expect ticket prices would "  just blow up " after a merger . "  Traditionally , when there 's competition taken out of the marketplace it really does n't do a lot for lowering prices , but both these companies are very sensitive to the market and what the fans can pay , " he said . A combined company , though , would control "  everything before , during and after a concert takes place over the course of an entire tour , and that 's pretty sizable , " he said .	Ticketmaster , Live Nation reportedly in merger talks Two companies have huge share of concert business Bruce Springsteen mad about Ticketmaster snafu ; congressman hears from citizens
CNN  -- Back in the 1950s , Hollywood fell in love with the idea of truth serum . All manner of spies , murderers and other bad guys were given a needle containing sodium pentothal on the big screen and soon were babbling away uncontrollably as to their guilt or complicity with Red China or the Soviet Union . As recently as 2004 in "  Meet the Fockers , " a former CIA agent played by Robert De Niro injects his would-be son-in-law , played by Ben Stiller , with the stuff to get the lowdown on his love life . Stiller 's character confesses , in a foreshadowing of Arnold Schwarzenegger 's amorous ways , to having had a child with his housekeeper , although whether he did or not is far from clear . Harry Potter knew all about truth serum . Veritaserum was used on a variety of miscreants and by evildoers . It was so powerful and feared that its use was strictly controlled by the Ministry of Magic . In reality , magical thinking is all it really is . There is no such thing as truth serum . But that news has apparently not reached Colorado . The judge in charge of the mass murder trial of James Holmes seems to think Hollywood was onto something with its fascination with truth serums . He has approved the use of a "  narcoanalytic interview " -- such as a "  truth serum " like sodium pentothal -- as part of a competency evaluation to determine whether Holmes was legally insane at the time he allegedly went on a rampage in a theater in Aurora , Colorado . Holmes is charged with killing 12 people and injuring many more . Sodium pentothal -- the original "  truth serum " -- was discovered in 1936 by Ernest H. Volwiler and Donalee L. Tabern working in Chicago at Abbott Laboratories . They were trying to create an injectable drug for use in general anesthesia . Their discovery was a success and had a huge impact on surgery . Sodium pentothal is still used today to knock out patients before they are given another , longer-lasting anesthetic to keep them unconscious during surgery . Sodium pentothal made surgery far less painful . It also has an interesting side effect . People under its influence lose their inhibitions and babble on about all sorts of things , leading to some amusing moments for surgical teams . This loss of inhibition gave a few researchers hope that the drug or something like it could be used to get the truth out of people in police stations , security interrogations or trials . But outside of Hollywood , no drug passes muster as a potion capable of getting accurately at the truth . People do get uninhibited and talk more freely , but they do n't necessarily stop lying or fantasizing . They also grow more compliant , tending to agree with those asking them leading questions . There is no solid evidence that what is said under the influence of a "  truth " drug correlates reliably with the truth . For the most part , people yammer away . If anything , they behave as if they were drunk rather than diligently affirming the sober truth . There is no drug that is going to shed trustworthy light on Holmes ' state of mind last year when , police say , he donned a gas mask as well as full body armor and grabbed a rifle , a pump-action 12-gauge shotgun and at least one .40 - caliber semiautomatic pistol to launch a heinous attack . No drug can tell us what he was really thinking . In giving permission to use drugs , the judge has opened the door to a line of defense in which Holmes ' lawyers can argue that if drugged , he is being forced to testify against himself against his will . As much as some might hope for a thing such as a truth serum , none exists . Whether Holmes was bad or mad when he allegedly caused so much misery to so many people will not get resolved by a technique beloved by Hollywood movie directors but not by scientists . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arthur Caplan .	Judge in Aurora shootings approved use of drugs for competency evaluation Arthur Caplan : No drug can shed light on mindset of shooting suspect Holmes He says "  truth serum , " or sodium pentothal , is used as anesthesia for surgeries Caplan : Only Hollywood likes the idea of "  truth serum , " not scientists
CNN  -- An employee at a New Jersey chocolate processing plant died Wednesday after falling into a vat of hot chocolate , according to a spokesman for the Camden County Prosecutor 's office . Vincent Smith II , 29 , was dumping raw chocolate into the vat for melting when he fell in from a nine-foot high platform . He suffered a fatal blow to the head from the vat 's agitator , a paddle-like mechanism used for stirring the chocolate . According to the Camden County prosecutor 's office , three other people were on the platform at the time . One was able to shut the machinery off quickly , but it was too late to save Smith . The facility , owned by Cocoa Services Inc. , is managed and operated by by Lyons and Sons . The rectangular vat , which was 8 feet deep , 14 feet long and 6 feet wide , was churning a batch of chocolate for Hershey 's when the accident occurred , the prosecutor 's office said . CNN 's Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	Worker was dumping chocolate into the vat when he fell from a 9-foot high platform The vat was churning a batch of chocolate when the accident occurred Vincent Smith II suffered a fatal blow to the head from the vat 's agitator
LIMA , Peru  CNN  -- The government of Peru on Friday declared a state of emergency in a remote northern area after a clash between police and indigenous people protesting what they say is the exploitation of their native lands left a number of people dead . Alberto Pizango , a leader of the protesters , says his followers did not kill police officers . Police and indigenous protesters said separately that at least eight police and 22 protesters died . The clash took place at dawn outside the northern province of Bagua in the Department of Amazonas as police attempted to break up a roadblock on the 59th day of protests . Foreign Minister Jose A. Garcia Belaunde told CNN en Español that the state of emergency was ordered to give the government the opportunity to re-establish order and reopen talks with the protesters . Under the state of emergency , the army can be called on to maintain order . "  Look , the use of force is legitimate , " he said . "  Today , what we have received in response were gunshots -- directed at police helicopters , killing eight or nine police . " But Alberto Pizango , the principal leader of the indigenous group , said his followers could not have been responsible for killing any police , because they were armed only with stones and arrows . He said the demonstrators had been pursuing a peaceful protest . Authorities have not confirmed the number of civilian deaths . The director general of the police , Jose Sanchez Farfan , said government buildings in Bagua had been looted and set aflame . Though a congressional commission has recommended the repeal of the laws rejected by the native communities , President Alan Garcia supports those that allow using the lands , maintaining that the richness of the Amazon belongs to all Peruvians and that a significant percentage of natural areas are already protected . "  These people do n't have crowns , " he said about the protesters . "  These people are n't first-class citizens who can say -- 400,000 natives to 28 million Peruvians -- ` You do n't have the right to be here . ' No way . That is a huge error . " Garcia called Pizango a criminal . Several days ago , Garcia announced an arrest warrant had been issued for Pizango , who is accused of inciting his followers to violence . Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde contributed to this story from Lima .	Violence flares as police attempt to break up a roadblock Government declares state of emergency in remote northern area Indigenous people protest what they call the exploitation of their native lands Peruvian president says land belongs to all the people of the country
Parenting.com  -- Brace yourself for yet more stark economic news : babies may be suffering from more diaper rash in this down economy , reports Advertising Age , which is labeling "  America 's baby bottoms " as the "  economy 's latest casualty . " Yes , that 's right : tiny heinies as the latest economic indicator , according to Ad Age . Here are the hard numbers : the Centers for Disease Control reported that the number of babies ages 2 and under fell 3 % last year while disposable diaper sales slipped a whopping 9 % . And yet , there was a 2.8 % increase in diaper rash cream , despite fewer babies . Parenting.com : How to potty train in one week The inverse relation between diaper and rash ointment sales started in 2009 but has intensified in the last year , according to data from Deutsche Bank . The average American baby bottom sees 6.3 diapers a day , and with parents shelling out an average of $ 1,500 a year for diapers , it 's easy to see why some might turn a blind eye to a slightly damp diaper  especially when disposable diapers are so absorbent nowadays  . Parenting.com : Our favorite cloth diapers And of course , parents are doing everything they can to meet their families ' needs with less money , but is it really at the expense of their tots ' tushes ? We would n't be surprised if other explanations beyond parents skimping on diaper changes included folks making the switch to increasingly popular cloth diapers , others pushing potty training earlier , which Pampers marketer Procter & Gamble suggested , and even just more aggressive marketing efforts on the part of diaper cream makers and retailers . Parenting.com : Huggies debuts new camo designer diapers Has the economy caused you to change your diapering strategy in any way ? Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	CDC reports disposable diaper sales fell a whopping 9 % last year There was a 2.8 % increase in diaper rash cream , despite fewer babies Parents shell out an average of $ 1,500 a year for diapers
EW.com  -- At a time when the budgets for sci-fi films are , like the universe itself , expanding at an astronomical rate , Riddick decides to go small . The franchise 's third entry shrinks back from the baroque , byzantine space opera of 2004 's "  The Chronicles of Riddick , " placing Vin Diesel 's interstellar criminal in a story that 's more similar in scope to the series ' first film , the smart and stylish "  Pitch Black "  2000  . Abandoned on a sere , hostile planet , the laconic antihero subsists off the meager landscape like a muscle-bound Robinson Crusoe until an ensemble of bounty hunters and soldiers  including "  Battlestar Galactica 's " Katee Sackhoff  arrive looking to put his head â $ " with those superpowered , see-in-the-dark eyes â $ " in a box . Riddick , co-written and directed by David Twohy , scavenges a variety of genres for parts , morphing over the course of its run time from survival story to slasher film  as Riddick hunts his hunters one by one  to a climactic Aliens-esque siege by slithery , slavering creatures . Twohy succeeds in staging moments both tense and funny , but they 're fewer and farther between than one would hope , and the dialogue is served up with a heaping helping of cheese , especially when delivered in Diesel 's low-frequency growl . Still , by aiming more for suspense than bombast , the modest intentions of this threequel make its failures appear more modest as well . Grade : C + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The new film is the fourth in the series The main character is abandoned on a sere , hostile planet EW gives it grade of C +
Northern Lebanon , near the Syrian Border  CNN  -- A young mother with 6-month-old triplets , a laborer still fearful of reprisals , a preacher whose wife was shot dead at an illegal border crossing , wounded in hospitals , a man living in a converted classroom -- these are among the 5,000 or more Syrian refugees living in Lebanon . "  For many of them , it 's like , if they get detained , they 're dead , " said Nadim Houry , deputy director of the Middle East and North Africa division of Human Rights Watch , about the plight of Syrians who are still in their country . "  And I 've heard from many people who say , ` I 'd rather take my risk , you know , escape , maybe die on the road escaping as opposed to getting detained and being tortured . ' " Pressure mounts for international response Most Syrians who succeed in making their way to Lebanon take up residence with relatives or find modest shelter in the working-class neighborhoods where rents are low . Im Walid , a Syrian refugee , told CNN that she knows her husband would join the Syrian revolution if they were to return , so she plans to remain here . Counting their triplets , they have six children . They 're routinely sick and work is scarce , but somehow , the family has managed to scrape by , she said . The hardest part , she said , is being away from the rest of their family in Syria . Today , many Syrians -- the activists , the organizers , those who are being sought by the Syrian government and those who are wounded -- find their way to Lebanon by fleeing through illegal crossings . In some places , only a thin finger of water separates the two countries . But that passage can carry risks . Abdul-Rahman Al Akari knows them too well . The Sunni Muslim preacher , who was once jailed on charges of fomenting unrest in Syria , moved to Lebanon a few months ago with Rabia , his 24-year-old wife and mother of three . But she missed her family and returned to Syria to visit . When she tried to cross illegally back into Lebanon , a Syrian security agent -- aware that her husband was being sought by Syrian authorities -- fatally shot her , according to Abdul-Rahman . Some of the wounded in hospitals here say they might risk a return to Syria through similar illegal crossings in order to rejoin the revolution . Regular border points are out of the question for them , they say . Should the world intervene in Syria ? Though life in Lebanon is not easy , many Syrians say they left their country for their children , and that the decision to go was a matter of life or death . Abu Mohammed says he took his family out of Syria eight months ago , fearing for the safety of his five children . Fear , he said , is rooted deeply in everyone living under the current regime in Damascus . "  I fled because the army and thugs entered our village and bullets were pouring like rain , " he old CNN . "  It was either stay and die , or leave . " He still looks over his shoulder , even in Lebanon . Ahmed found shelter in a dim , converted classroom in Lebanon a few kilometers from the border . He and his seven children survive on handouts , for which he is grateful . When those handouts arrive , they bring brief moments of relief for Ahmed and , for his children , even joy -- when toys are involved . But the growing tide of Syrian refugees is not a happy one . For many , there is the pain of lost loved ones and the depression of not knowing when , if ever , they will go home .	Thousands of Syrian refugees are living across the border in Lebanon Abdul-Rahman Al Akari says his wife , a mother of 3 , was killed at an illegal crossing For thousands of Syrians , the decision to flee was a matter of life and death Some of the wounded in hospitals say they might risk a return to rejoin the revolution
CNN  -- The embattled Syrian army is being pushed to the limit as anti-government demonstrations persist across the restive landscape , and the opposition "  will likely take on an increasingly armed aspect in the face of brutal oppression , " a new report says . "  There are signs that army units are increasingly identifying with protesters , especially where security forces are employing violence against unarmed demonstrators , " according to a report by the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , a think tank . "  Although the regime 's forces are not defeated and the army 's potential tears may prove to be small , the dynamics for greater problems are in place . Given the widespread nature of the disturbances , the regime can not mass personnel in more than a few places . " The report , written by Washington institute defense fellow Jeffrey White and published Monday , is entitled "  Syrian Army Shows Growing Signs of Strain . " It says the various units deployed to put down disturbances since mid-March are facing "  unprecedented " challenges . "  The continuing pressure of the demonstrations , which are liable to swell during Ramadan , will stretch the army still thinner , with more defections likely given the regime 's increasingly violent tactics , " the report said . "  As the army becomes less reliable , strain will increase on the regime protection forces , stretching them further and tiring them faster . Clashes within army units and between army and security forces may increase as well . And escalating regime violence will likely provoke a more violent response over time , fueled by armed defectors . " This grim assessment comes as two dozen people were killed overnight by security forces in various cities and towns and international condemnation against the regime rolls in toward the Bashar al-Assad regime . The army is a conscript force "  in which largely Alawite officers lead largely Sunni soldiers , " and it has "  traditionally been marked by a difficult relationship between officers and enlisted personnel , making it ill suited for the internal security missions it is now being given . " The government is dominated by the minority Alawites , who are an offshoot of Shiite Islam . "  The security forces have not been able to permanently secure any area and have had to shuttle personnel from one flashpoint to another , sometimes over considerable distances . As disturbances have spread , additional divisions and brigades have been pulled into the struggle , " the report said . The report said the government appears "  reluctant to order regular army units to fire on demonstrators , though it has done so in some cases where regime protection forces were inadequate . " But that produced "  breakdowns in loyalty and cohesion among the army units so ordered . " "  Current trends suggest that the army 's loyalty and cohesion are not just fraying , but beginning to tear . " The opposition 's "  center of gravity , " the report said , "  is increasingly moving to the cities , " and that is a challenge , "  forcing the regime to conduct a 360 degree defense . " With the exception of the Alawite heartland in the northwest , the report said , no area appears secure . Other than Aleppo , which has seen only "  isolated protest , " "  disturbances have erupted in more than 50 localities . " "  Subduing restive urban populations is a demanding and troop-intensive task , one that will become more difficult as demonstrations grow in size and as protesters or defectors take up arms . More forces will be required , and without adequate training , they are more likely to resort to violence early . More opportunities for violent , casualty-producing incidents will emerge as well . This was reportedly the case in Hama on Sunday , as tanks and infantry fighting vehicles encountered protestors armed with sticks and stones , " he said . The government also faces problems along the borders , saying the flow of refugees into Turkey has been embarrassing to the government , and both Lebanon and Iraq "  are potential sources of arms and fighters . " There have been several attacks on oil facilities and a train derailment , but the cause is not known . "  If such incidents mount in numbers and seriousness , the regime will have to stretch its forces even thinner to protect key facilities , " the report said . The report thinks the opposition could adopt "  an increasingly armed aspect in the face of brutal repression " as defectors join them . "  As you get more defectors and guys who take their guns with them and they see people get killed when they yell ` Allahu Akbar , ' or God is greatest , some people are going to say ` we 've got to do something , ' " White said .	Report raises the specter of an "  increasingly armed " opposition The army is a largely conscript force led by Alawite officers Sabotage and border control are other big concerns
CNN  Blue Bell ice cream has added another product to the list of items it 's recalling over potential contamination with listeria . The company said Monday that it 's recalling 3 oz . institutional/food service cups of chocolate , vanilla and strawberry ice cream after a test detected listeria in one of the cups recovered from a Kansas hospital . There have been no illnesses reported from the cups , Blue Bell said . The contaminated cup was produced at a plant in Broken Arrow , Oklahoma , in April 2014 , the company said . Earlier this month the company recalled a group of products that were made at a plant in Texas as Kansas health officials said three people had died in the past year from a listeria outbreak that could be linked to Blue Bell Creameries products . A total of five people have contracted the serious infection in Kansas , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . All five of them were hospitalized at the same hospital before developing listeriosis , the CDC said . At least four of them had eaten milkshakes made with Blue Bell ice cream before developing the infection . "  We are devastated and know that Blue Bell has to be and can be better than this , " Paul Kruse , Blue Bell CEO and president , said in a statement . "  Quality and safety have always been our top priorities . We are deeply saddened and concerned for all those who have been affected . " Listeriosis , a serious infection caused by eating food contaminated with listeria , primarily affects the elderly , pregnant women , newborns and people with weakened immune systems , according to the CDC . Symptoms of a listeria infection are fever and muscle aches , sometimes associated with diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms , according to the CDC . In the United States , an estimated 1,600 people become seriously ill each year ; approximately 16 % of these illnesses result in death . Cervical infections caused by listeriosis in pregnant women may result in spontaneous abortion during the second or third trimesters or stillbirth . The CDC advises that individuals and institutions should check their freezers for the recalled products and throw them away . In a statement on its website , Blue Bell said "  this recall in no way includes Blue Bell ice cream half gallons , pints , quarts , 3 gallons or other 3 oz . cups . " This is the first product recall in the 108-year history of Blue Bell Creameries , the company said . CNN 's Debra Goldschmidt , Amanda Watts and Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	A test in Kansas found listeria in a Blue Bell Ice Cream cup The company is recalling the cups after recalling another group of products this month Three people in Kansas have died from a listeria outbreak
CNN  -- As the reigning champion of social media , Facebook has adopted a fairly consistent strategy in dealing with upstart competitors : If you ca n't buy 'em , copy 'em . And it looks like the burgeoning field of anonymous sharing apps may be next . Facebook is working on a standalone app that would let users post under assumed names , according to the New York Times . That would be a major reversal of the main site 's stance that users should use their real names or , at the very least , a name by which they are widely known . Facebook 's ` real name ' policy stirs questions around identity According to the Times , the mobile app , which is due to be released in the next few weeks , is being developed by former team members of Branch , an app that created small personal social groups . Facebook purchased Branch in January . Over the past year or so , apps like Secret and Whisper , which let users share anonymous photos and written posts , have taken off , particularly among young users . Whisper lets users view all posts or focus on those near them , and Secret shares your posts to members of your extended online network but without revealing your identity to those friends . If Facebook is , in fact , planning to launch its own similar app , it would be keeping with an established pattern . Though it 's hands-down the most popular social network with upward of 1.3 billion accounts , the service has seen upstarts chip away at its dominance , particularly with teens and 20-somethings , in recent years . Facebook bought WhatsApp , a messaging app particularly popular in countries where Facebook has n't gained a solid foothold , this year for about $ 22 billion . Facebook 's move you might not notice It similarly scooped up popular photo-editing and sharing app Instagram in 2012 for a reported $ 1 billion . For the most part , Facebook has let those apps and some others it has purchased just keep doing what they were doing , satisfied with bringing a potential rival under the company banner . Others , like Branch , have been rolled into Facebook 's larger product . But when a buyout was n't in the cards , Facebook has n't been shy about borrowing ideas . In January , Facebook launched Paper , a mobile app that focuses on magazine-style story reading in much the way Flipboard does . In June came Slingshot , a Snapchat-like app that lets users share photos and videos that disappear after a few seconds . And more than a few changes to Facebook 's News Feed , introduced in 2006 and overhauled multiple times since then , have been perceived as an effort to behave more like Twitter . It remains to be seen how Facebook , which has aimed to be home to its users ' "  real " online persona on a Web with a host of anonymous corners , would police an anonymous app . Bullying , graphic sexual content and scam attempts have all been reported on anonymous apps . A Facebook spokeswoman said Wednesday that the company does not comment on "  rumors or speculation . "	Report says Facebook working on a Secret-like anonymous sharing app Facebook is no stranger to buying , or copying , competitors App will debut in a few weeks , New York Times says Facebook has mimicked Flipboard , Snapchat and even Twitter
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Rep. Charles Rangel said he is satisfied with the steps New York police are taking in response to the death of Officer Omar Edwards , but renewed his call for a federal investigation into instances of police friendly fire . Officer Omar Edwards was shot to death by another officer on May 28 . Edwards , 25 , a black officer , was shot to death May 28 by a fellow officer , Andrew Dunton , who is white . Edwards was off duty at the time . Edwards was in plainclothes and carrying a handgun as he chased a suspect past a police car , authorities said . Dunton shot him after Edwards failed to drop his weapon when ordered to , they said . Officials said Dunton said he did n't realize Edwards was an officer . "  Every white cop that shot down a black cop , I would believe it was a mistake and not because of racism , but it takes special training for them to know , " Rangel , D-New York , told CNN 's Don Lemon on Saturday . In the wake of Edwards ' death , the New York Police Department has implemented sensitivity training and provided guidance to officers on identifying themselves . In a statement , Rangel asked the Department of Justice to look into "  police department practices , training of police officers and whether and to what extent race was an issue in the tragedy . " The shooting prompted New York Gov. David Paterson to commission a task force to investigate shootings between police officers statewide , spokeswoman Marissa Shorenstein told CNN on Saturday . NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne pledged Saturday to assist Paterson 's investigation . Also Saturday , the NYPD released a list of 10 New York City officers killed in cases of mistaken identity since 1930 . Five of the officers were African-American or Hispanic ; five were white . The list does not include officers who were injured by friendly fire , and does not specify whether the officers killed were on or off duty . The formation of the New York task force came after Paterson met with state officials , clergy members and civil rights leaders , including the Rev. Al Sharpton , in a closed-door meeting Friday . The group called for an independent investigation and the appointment of a special prosecutor to look into the NYPD incident . "  We are handling this sensitively , " Paterson told reporters after the meeting . "  There may be issues that involve race , -LSB- but -RSB- we are not discussing any institutional or direct racism . " The governor spoke of what he described as a "  high percentage of African-American and Hispanic police officers who were shot either on or off duty by friendly fire . " However , the commission will examine friendly fire incidents between all officers regardless of race , according to Shorenstein . The task force will ask NYPD and police departments across the state to provide any data related to shootings where officers were either killed or injured by other officers . The governor said the task force will look at the statistics to "  determine if there 's any disproportionate sense that any particular group has been victimized more than any other . " Paterson said that he would "  not close the door " on an independent investigation or special prosecutor to look into the death of Edwards , but would rely for now on the investigation by the New York City district attorney and the NYPD . The focus of the task force , the governor said , would be to prevent friendly fire among all police officers , regardless of race , and to instill confidence in the state and community that such incidents are investigated properly CNN 's Alona Rivord contributed to this report .	Officer Omar Edwards of NYPD killed in friendly fire incident last month Edwards , who is black , was shot by white officer who did n't realize he was fellow cop Rep. Charles Rangel asks Justice Department to look into police training , practices New York Gov. David Paterson has set up task force to look at issue statewide
CNN  -- Robin Williams ' daughter chose a hummingbird to honor her late father . "  For poppo , " wrote Zelda Williams on her Instagram account Wednesday , posting the picture of a tattoo on what appears to be her right hand , above a tattoo of Robin 's birthday , "  7.21.51 , " written on her wrist . "  Thank you to the incomparable @dr_woo_ssc for so beautifully bringing my reminders to life , " she wrote , thanking tattoo artist Dr. Woo of Mike Mahoney 's Shamrock Social Club in Hollywood . "  I 'll always put my hand out to shake with a smile . " "  What a beautiful tribute to your father , a comedic genius ! " wrote one follower . Zelda Williams also warned her followers to avoid scammers asking for anything in her name . "  As for this Instagram , I do n't know in what capacity I 'll continue using it in the future , but I 'm leaving it up regardless so that fake accounts hoping to use my name or misuse my family 's photos will get no traction . To be clear , this is MY ONLY account . Publicly , I have Twitter , and this . "  If other people post quotes and photos claiming to be me or my family , please , do not send them personal information or click links , even for charity . They could be utilizing sympathy to scam you . For the record , no one has ever or will ever speak for me but me . Thank you . " Shortly after her father 's suicide in August , Zelda Williams abandoned her Twitter and Instagram accounts after saying that some people had sent her messages blaming her for her father 's death and sending her PhotoShopped images of her father 's dead body .	Zelda Williams chose a tattoo tribute to her late father Robin Williams took his own life in August She had her hand inked with a hummingbird , along with her father 's birth date
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has issued a temporary stay of execution for Texas death row inmate Gayland Bradford , who was convicted of the 1988 murder of a Dallas convenience store security guard . The inmate 's lawyers say he is mentally deficient , with an IQ of about 68 . The high court has banned executions of the mentally deficient but has established no clear standard of determining who is in that category . The stay , issued Friday afternoon by Justice Antonin Scalia , gives Bradford 's lawyers more time to file a full appeal on the constitutional issues surrounding his conviction and sentence . The court said if this "  petition for a writ certiorari " is ultimately rejected by the court in coming days or weeks , this stay of execution would immediately expire . From CNN 's Bill Mears	Stay of execution issued for Texas inmate Gayland Bradford was convicted of killing a security guard in 1988 Bradford has an IQ too low to allow his execution , his lawyers say
CNN  -- As Africa celebrates the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Organization of African Unity , the focus of the celebrations is renewing Africa 's vision for continental unification as envisaged by its founding fathers such Kwame Nkrumah . It is not the lack of political will that hampers Africa regional integration , it is poor infrastructure . Africa 's challenges have less to do with fragmentation of state but more to do with the lack of infrastructure connectivity , especially energy , transportation , irrigation and telecommunications . The World Bank estimates that Africa will need to invest nearly $ 93 billion annually over the next decade to meet its infrastructure needs . A third of this cost will go to maintenance . Part of this investment can be met through public and private sector investment , including novel facilities such as the infrastructure bonds proposed by the African Development Bank . But the urgency to address Africa 's infrastructure requires additional non-conventional interventions such as the mobilization of the continent 's armed forces . Historically , there is a long legacy of military involvement in infrastructure projects going back to the Roman days . Read this : Gunboats keep pirates from ` blue gold ' African armed forces possess extensive human resources and equipment needed to build infrastructure projects . They regularly use such facilities during emergencies and are at the forefront of developing robust systems such as smart microgrid systems that can provide decentralized power supply for rural Africa . What is needed is an explicit policy to extend their role in the construction and maintenance of infrastructure projects in cooperation with civilian agencies . Many African countries have been converting military facilities to support civilian infrastructure activities . Rwanda , for example , turned a military barracks into the Kigali Institute of Science and Technology , which played a vital role in the reconstruction of the country after the genocide . The role of the military in Rwanda 's civilian affairs involves a wide range of operations which include the awareness-raising annual Army Week . One of the most explicit commitments to the role of the military in infrastructure projects comes from Uganda . The country 's armed forces recently established Africa 's first University of Military Science and Technology which is training engineers to build and maintain infrastructure projects . Uganda has been collaborating with the US Army on how to rehabilitate its railway networks . Read this : South Africa 's private security forces bigger than army These efforts are targeted interventions and differ remarkably with cases such as Egypt , where the military controls a large proportion of the economy . It is much harder for countries where the military is an economic class to be creative . The role of the military in civilian projects needs to be under democratic control for it to rise above popular suspicions and distrust . Senegal , for example , has established clear policies and operational guidelines that have since independence steered its "  Army-Nation " program . The program includes activities in infrastructure  especially water supply and road construction  , healthcare and environmental management . In 1999 Senegal set up the civil-military committee in support of development to bring together representatives from parliament , the military , government ministries , civil society and the private sector to collaborate on implementing public programs . Its broad membership helps to foster trust and coordination . It can be argued that deploying the military in civilian infrastructure activities could divert attention from essential defense functions . To the contrary , the military would strengthen its national security activities by building infrastructure projects . Read this : ` Africa 's tallest building ' set for $ 10 billion tech city Many of Africa 's armed conflicts occur in isolated regions with limited opportunity for economic growth . Poor infrastructure and lack of economic opportunity traps populations in spirals of poverty and conflict over limited resources . Countries such as Indonesia and Papua New Guinea are responding to the challenges of poverty to deploy their armed forces to fill the gap in civilian capacity to build infrastructure projects . Similarly , building robust infrastructure networks makes it easier to police national borders . Investments in Earth observation satellite infrastructure , as well as the ability to deploy troops along national boundaries , is an important element in maintaining peace . Infrastructure built to address economic needs has the additional purpose of helping to maintain internal law and order as well as maintenance of national security . New countries such as South Sudan face the challenge of keeping large armies that were built up to fight for independence . They can choose to dismantle their armed forces or convert them to a force of development . They are better advised to do the latter ; their potential role in infrastructure rehabilitation pays for peace building . As Africa celebrates the 50th anniversary of its declaration of unification , it should also reflect on the fact that it has recorded about 80 successful military coups . Led by an increasing number of technocratic presidents , Africa 's armies can give future generations hope by helping to build infrastructure -- the motherboard for all economic activities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Calestous Juma .	Military should be mobilized for infrastructure projects , argues Harvard professor Many African countries converting military facilities to support civilian activities , says Calestous Juma Uganda 's army created University of Military Science and Technology , where it trains engineers World Bank estimates Africa must invest $ 93 billion annually in infrastructure in next 10 years
CNN  -- The mayor of East Haven , Connecticut , apologized Wednesday for saying he would help Latinos in his town by eating tacos , a remark that sparked anger from state officials and immigrant advocates already fuming over allegations of police mistreatment of Latinos in his city . "  My sincerest apologies go out to the East Haven community and , in particular , the Latino community for the insensitive and off-color comment that I made to WPIX reporter Mario Diaz yesterday regarding the recent events affecting our community and our police department , " Mayor Joseph Maturo Jr. said in a statement . "  Unfortunately , I let the stress of the situation get the best of me and inflamed what is already a serious and unfortunate situation . " He was referring to the arrests of four East Haven police officers by FBI agents Tuesday for their alleged roles in abusing Latino residents and business owners , performing illegal searches , making false arrests and harassing immigrant rights advocates . The arrests are the first to stem from a federal investigation into racial profiling in the city and follow a scathing December report from the U.S. Justice Department that accused the town 's police of engaging in "  discriminatory policing against Latinos . " In the interview later Tuesday , Diaz pointed out that there were no Latino officers on the police force . "  And your point being ? " Maturo responded . When asked then what he planned to do for the Latino community in light of the discrimination allegations , the mayor said , "  I might have tacos when I go home , I 'm not quite sure yet . " Gov. Dannel P. Malloy on Wednesday slammed Maturo 's comment as "  repugnant " and "  unacceptable . " Malloy said the remarks "  represent either a horrible lack of judgment or worse , an underlying insensitivity to our Latino community that is unacceptable . " "  He owes an apology to the community , and more importantly , he needs to show what he 's going to do to repair the damage he 's done , " the governor said . "  And he needs to do it today . " Hartford Mayor Pedro Segarra added Wednesday that he was "  disgusted by Mayor Maturo 's comment . " He said Maturo 's words suggested that the accusations of discrimination were "  dismissed and disregarded . " "  Many have worked diligently to correct the painful history of racism in this country , and Mayor Maturo 's comments are a disappointing example of how far we still have to go to , " said Segarra . Maturo on Tuesday called the arrests of the officers "  unfortunate " and said his office "  stands behind the East Haven Police Department . " Following his apology a day later , Maturo then asked the public to consider the difficulties the arrested officers and their families must be going through in the wake of the scandal . "  It 's really a devastation to them , " he told CNN . "  It 's my apology to the communities out there ; whether they 're Latino or not is secondary to what our town is suffering and going through at this particular time . " Maturo made no mention of any of the alleged Latino victims in the case . "  What I apologized most to  WPIX reporter  Mario was that I think I might have hurt him personally , and I can understand that , " the mayor added . "  Being of Italian descent , there 's been plenty of people that have said to me , ` Oh you live in East Haven , ' and we all know what that refers to . Or , ` Oh you 're Italian ; you must like meatballs and spaghetti . ' We all know what that refers to . And sometimes I take those comments to heart ,  even  when I realize sometimes there was nothing meant by them . " "  I 've been talking since 6 o'clock yesterday morning , " Maturo added , saying he had done more than a dozen interviews . He later claimed that his comment had been taken out of context . On Tuesday , the mayor cautioned against the blaming police prematurely . "  They 're innocent until proven guilty , " he said . Maturo added that he does n't believe allegations of such systemic discrimination in East Haven are accurate . "  We have an open community here , " he said , speaking on behalf of the police department . However , Maturo said his town "  is prepared to do all that is necessary to address the consequences of  the  grand jury indictment . " Still , many Latino residents of East Haven say they 've for years had to contend with an overly aggressive police force . "  They always come by and bother us , " said Esdras Marin , a manager at La Bamba , a Latino-owned bar and restaurant named in the indictment . "  Police come in two or three times a month and ask everyone in the restaurant for their identification , " he said . "  And if you do n't have it , they threaten us and say they 're going to call the immigration office . " The effect , Marin said , has left many in the town 's Latino community fearful of East Haven authorities . One incident occurred in La Bamba 's parking lot on November 22 , 2008 , the indictment said , when officer Dennis Spaulding allegedly handcuffed an individual on false pretenses and threw him down onto the pavement , causing a "  deep cut " to the man 's chin . Spaulding then allegedly kicked the man repeatedly , and later fabricated a false report to "  conceal and cover-up his assault , " it said . Others , such as Chino Perez , an East Haven hairdresser at Maly 's Salon , said he 's seen police harassing individuals just outside his salon . He called the mayor 's comments racist , and that while he accepts his apology , he said Maturo ca n't easily be trusted . East Haven resident Carolina Borja added that police have also commonly stopped her Latino friends for questioning . It "  has to change , " she said . Though Tuesday 's arrests and Maturo 's errant comment have likely blemished the reputation of this New Haven suburb , there have been changes since the Justice Department report , the mayor noted . An independent commission of community members , external consultants and former law enforcement officials has since been formed to adjust police patrol and complaint policies . The mayor cited a series of reforms , pointing to a revised East Haven police handbook -- the first update since 1972 . "  It was an outdated book , " Maturo said . According to 2010 census data , East Haven has a population of some 29,000 people , with about 10.3 % identifying as Hispanic or Latino . Federal authorities , meanwhile , are asking the public for additional tips surrounding alleged discrimination and abuse , offering anonymity to those would-be tipsters concerned about their legal resident status . CNN 's Jason Carroll and Sheila Steffen in East Haven , Connecticut contributed to this report	NEW : Joseph Maturo Jr. asks public to consider difficulties of arrested officers NEW : East Haven mayor blamed stress for what he later described as a flippant comment NEW : A restaurant manager says police routinely harassed Latino workers , customers Four East Haven police officers were arrested for their alleged roles in abusing Latino residents
TIME.com  -- Talk about a longevity strategy no man wants to pursue . A recent study published in the journal Current Biology finds that Korean eunuchs â $ " castrated men â $ " lived 14 to 19 years longer than other men , suggesting that male sex hormones play a role in life span . In the study , the researchers used a genealogy record called the Yang-Se-Gye-Bo that tracked eunuchs who worked in the Korean imperial court during the Chosun Dynasty , which ruled from the 14th to early 20th centuries . Researchers were able to identify 81 eunuchs , who were castrated as boys , and determined that they lived to an average age of 70 , significantly longer than other men of similar social status . Even kings did n't typically make it to age 50 . Three of the 81 eunuchs lived to 100 , a centenarian rate that 's far higher than would be expected in modern society . The current incidence of centenarians is 1 per 3,500 people in Japan , and 1 per 4,400 people in the United States , for instance ; thus , the incidence of centenarians among Korean eunuchs was at least 130 times higher than that of present-day developed countries , according to the paper . TIME.com : Want to live longer ? Do n't try caloric restriction "  Our study supports the idea that male sex hormones decrease the lifespan of men , " the authors write . Based on earlier research , the authors argue that one explanation for this could be that male sex hormones may negatively influence the immune system and "  predispose men to adverse cardiovascular attacks . " They note further that the theory helps explain why females -- in many species -- live longer than males . But while animal studies have suggested that castration  which removes the testes , the source of male hormones  results in longer lives , studies in humans have been spotty . In one study of castrati singers , there was no difference in lifespan between them and non-castrated singers ; in another study of institutionalized , mentally ill men , however , those who were castrated lived some 14 years longer than those who were n't . And there are other reasons that women may outlive men , including for example the presence of estrogen , which may help enhance longevity . Also , as ABC News reports : "  Females may have an advantage in longevity because they have a back-up X chromosome ,  Dr. L. Stephen Coles , a co-founder of the Los Angeles Gerontology Research Group ,  said . A woman 's body is a mixture of cells , half containing an active X chromosome from her mother and the other half from her father , he said . If there is a defect on one X chromosome , half of her cells will be unaffected . " TIME.com : Health checkup : How to live 100 years Further , the longevity of the Korean eunuchs could be attributable to lifestyle factors the study did n't track , like diet , exercise and stress . The authors think the men 's long lives ca n't be chalked up solely to a privileged lifestyle , however . "  Except for a few eunuchs , most lived outside the palace and spent time inside the palace only when they were on duty , " study author Kyung-Jin Min of Inha University told Reuters . Meanwhile , they still tended to outlive other royalty who spent their whole lives inside the palace . Obviously , the study authors do n't advocate becoming a eunuch . There are more sensible and reliable ways to up your chances of a long , healthy life : do n't smoke , eat a healthy diet , get plenty of exercise . "  For better health and longevity , stay away from stresses and learn what you can from women , " the authors said in a statement . TIME.com : Too good to be true ? Anti-aging proteins not so potent after all This article was originally published on TIME.com . Do eunuchs really live longer ? & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	A study analyzed the lifespan of Korean eunuchs during the Chosun Dynasty The eunuchs outlived the other men by 14 to 19 years The findings suggest male sex hormones play a role in life span
CNN  -- Vincenzo Nibali was rewarded for a bold late move to win the second stage of the Tour de France in Sheffield Sunday and don the coveted yellow jersey . The Italian champion was among a select group who had broken clear after a short but brutal climb on the outskirts of the Yorkshire city . They included reigning champion Chris Froome of Team Sky , his chief rival Spain 's Alberto Contador and the favorite for the stage , Slovakia 's Peter Sagan . But as they hesitated the 2013 Giro d' Italia winner put his head down and broke clear , never to be caught , holding a two second advantage over his chasers as he raised his arms in triumph at the finish . It was enough to put the Astana rider in the overall lead , but the climbing form shown Contador and Froome served notice they have taken fine form into the three-week classic . Nibali also believes he is a strong contender to be in yellow when the Tour finishes in Paris on July 27 . "  I 've always believed in my chances , I came here to do my best and with this win I think I 've already shown a good sign , " he told gathered reporters . "  Of course the Tour does n't finish here , there 's still a long way to go . I 'm calm and confident . " Behind Nibali , Belgian Greg Van Avermaet and Michal Kwiatkowski of Poland took the minor places . Kwatkowski 's ride was some consolation for the Omega Pharma Quick Step team after key rider Mark Cavendish pulled out of the Tour before the start of the 200km second stage . Cavendish suffered a dislocated shoulder and ligament damage in a high speed spill near the finish of the first stage in Harrogate Saturday . "  I 'm devastated to be fair . I 'm in pain as well , " the former world champion told gathered reporters in front of the team 's bus . "  I 've got to go and get an MRI  scan  to see if it needs surgery , chances are it probably does . Unfortunately I 'm likely to be out for a few weeks . " Cavendish crashed after touching wheels with Australia 's Simon Gerrans and admitted the incident had been his fault as they battled for position in the final sprint . "  I tried to find a gap that was n't there . I spoke to Simon after the stage , I asked if he was OK , and I also spoke to him on the phone later and apologized to him , " added the 29-year-old Cavendish . The "  Manx Missile " , he hails from the Isle of Man , was looking to add to his 25 Tour de France stage victories , targeting the opening leg and the flat third stage from Cambridge into London . The likelihood that Cavendish would not start the second stage did not deter the hundreds of thousands of fans who watched the action in the county of Yorkshire , exceeding even the expectations of local organizers . "  I want to say to all the supporters at the Tour to enjoy it , it 's going to be an incredible race . It was amazing to see the support that was out yesterday and I 'm looking forward to watching it , " he said . German sprint star Marcel Kittel , who had been in yellow after taking the first stage , was unable to keep pace on the climbs of the second day , but is expected to feature strongly on Monday 's third leg from Cambridge to London when massive crowds are again expected .	Vincenzo Nibali goes into yellow after second stage win Italian champion makes daring late move to finish in Sheffield Mark Cavendish pulls out of Tour de France Suffered shoulder injury in first stage crash in Harrogate
A grand jury investigating the 2012 rape of a 16-year-old girl in Steubenville , Ohio , and educators ' responses to a separate rape allegation in the city that year has led to the indictment of four school employees , including the school superintendent , who faces felony charges , Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine announced Monday . Steubenville City Schools Superintendent Michael McVey faces three felony counts : one charge of tampering with evidence and two counts of obstructing justice . He also is charged with making a false statement and obstructing official business , both misdemeanors , DeWine said . Also indicted were an elementary school principal , Lynnett Gorman , and wrestling coach Seth Fluharty , both of whom are charged with misdemeanor failure to report child abuse . Volunteer assistant Steubenville football coach Matt Belardine was charged with four misdemeanors : allowing underage drinking , obstructing official business , making a false statement and contributing to the unruliness or delinquency of a child . This brings to six the number of people the grand jury has indicted after two students were convicted of rape , DeWine said . A school technology director and his daughter were indicted in October . Most of the charges relate to the August 2012 rape of a girl at a party in the small eastern Ohio community -- a case that got national attention after photos and videos of the incident made their way onto social media . In March , Steubenville High School football players Ma ` lik Richmond and Trenton Mays were convicted of the rape . Richmond was sentenced to a minimum of one year in a juvenile correctional facility . Mays got two years . But some of the charges announced Monday relate not to the August 2012 rape , but to a separate alleged rape in April 2012 in the Steubenville area , DeWine said . Gorman was charged with not reporting the alleged April 2012 incident , said her attorney , Steven Lemetris . That case "  was not prosecuted because there was no crime . If there was a crime there would be a victim , " Lemetris said . Lemetris said Monday night the principal has been an educator for 30 years with a spotless record . He said Gorman is not guilty , but she now risks losing her teaching administrative credentials . "  She is a good person " Lemetris said . DeWine 's office confirmed that it investigated the April 2012 case and declined to prosecute . New arrest , jail without bond All of McVey 's charges cover a time period from April 2012 -- the time of the first alleged rape -- through this month , when the grand jury finished its investigation of the two cases . "  When I announced that we were going to have this grand jury investigation to answer all the questions and to see if adults had not done what they should have done , I did say in answer to a question that we would look at this previously reported  April 2012  incident , " DeWine told CNN Tuesday morning . "  I stated right at the beginning ...  that  frankly the grand jury would go wherever the facts took it . " After Richmond and Mays were convicted tin the August 2012 rape , the grand jury began investigating whether others should be charged . In October , it indicted William Rhinaman , 53 , the director of technology for Steubenville City Schools , on charges of tampering with evidence , obstruction of justice , obstructing official business and perjury . His daughter , Hannah Rhinaman , 20 , of Mingo Junction , Ohio , was also indicted that month on two counts of receiving stolen property and one count of grand theft , according to a news release from DeWine 's office . The charges against Hannah Rhinaman are separate and unrelated to the indictment against her father , the October news release said . If convicted , William Rhinaman could be sentenced to four years in prison , which is longer than the two teens convicted of rape will serve . Special prosecutor in Missouri teen rape case promises thorough review Montana rapist and former teacher freed after month-long sentence Teen pleads not guilty to rape at school sports camp	Schools superintendent charged with three felonies , Ohio attorney general says Three other school employees face misdemeanor charges , he says Two high school football players were convicted in the May 2012 rape of a 16-year-old girl A schools technology director and his daughter were indicted in October
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Hollywood and India 's Bollywood have signed a historic cooperation pact that will have the world 's two leading film industries working together in areas from production to distribution to content protection . Leaders from the two industries met in Hollywood this week for a two-day session to discuss economic development and collaboration . Signing an official pact at Paramount Pictures Studios in Hollywood , representatives from the two entertainment powerhouses declared to develop and strengthen motion picture production , distribution , technology , content protection and commercial cooperation , according to a release issued by the Motion Picture Association of America . The event was attended by Los Angeles Mayor Anotonio Villaraigosa as well as many of Hollywood 's and Bollywood 's industry elite . "  This declaration reinforces our city 's commitment to attracting international production , " Villaraigosa said . "  In the past year , we have already seen Hindi movies such as ` My Name is Khan ' and ` Kites ' filmed in Los Angeles , and we enthusiastically welcome further Indian production in Los Angeles . " Jonathan Kuntz , visiting associate professor at the University of California at Los Angeles ' school of theater , film and television , told CNN the agreement appeared to be more an effort by each film industry to hunt for financing in the other country . The pact also seemed a promotional effort by Los Angeles officials to drum up film productions for Hollywood , he said . "  I think the connection will be more at the financial level , " Kuntz said . Los Angeles officials appeared to be seeking film productions to replace those that have moved to other states or countries where costs are cheaper , he said . "  The fact that it 's being presented by the city and the mayor indicates their desire to have more films shot in the Los Angeles area to compensate for all the runaway productions that have gone to other places , " Kuntz said . Announcing the pact , Bob Pisano , president and interim chief financial officer of the Motion Picture Association of America , called the move an important step in growing both industries . "  The numerous co-productions with Indian studios over the past several years are evidence of a growing bond between our two industries . Today 's action is an important step toward furthering that growth , " Pisano said . Tamil producer and Film Federation of India President L. Suresh compared the collaboration between Hollywood and Bollywood to the close ties developed between the United States and India during the technology boom . "  In addition to the Hindi film industry , the southern and regional Indian film industries also welcome the opportunity to work hand and hand with Hollywood . Already we have seen significant collaboration in technology between Hollywood and South India , and we will soon see collaborations in production , " Suresh said . Both Hollywood and Bollywood have worked together in numerous co-production and joint investments in the past . According to the Motion Picture Association of America , in March of this year the two joined forces in Mumbai , India , to launch the Alliance against Copyright Theft , a Bollywood-Hollywood content protection coalition in India ,	Leaders from the two huge film industries met in Los Angeles They signed a pact to collaborate on various areas of film making Expert : The agreement is partly an effort by Los Angeles to replace lost film business
CNN  -- In the Roman poet Ovid 's "  Metamorphoses , " one of the great works of Western literature , King Tereus of Thrace rapes his wife 's sister , Philomena , then cuts out her tongue . In "  Titus Andronicus , " Shakespeare references Ovid with an even more grotesque rape and mutilation , while including multiple acts of murder , torture and cannibalism . Kathleen Kennedy , associate professor of literature at Penn State University-Brandywine , says , "  Everyone is traumatized by Titus . " Over the last few months , students , faculty and administrators at a number of universities have been debating whether faculty should be obligated to place "  trigger warnings " on their syllabi before assigning content that might trigger a traumatic episode in one of their students . Before assigning Ovid , Shakespeare or any topic about human cruelty and suffering , what should teachers be obligated to tell their students ? Proponents of trigger warnings , reasonably , argue that students will be unable to learn when confronted with content that triggers traumatic recollection . This is n't about students just being uncomfortable , they say , but about ensuring students do n't have to choose between their education and their sense of safety . Critics of trigger warnings , also reasonably , contend that education requires pushing students to engage with difficult material that makes them uncomfortable . Professors worry about academic freedom and having to address a whole cascade of "  isms " as they design and execute their syllabi . Furthermore , they see the focus on trigger warnings now as part of the corporatization of higher education , in which syllabi are designed not to structure learning but to prevent lawsuits . Professors are concerned about trauma , but do n't want to slap labels on their syllabi that are the equivalent of "  Caution : This Coffee is Hot . " To some extent , both sides are right . Some students suffer from serious trauma , but there 's no feasible way a blanket policy on trigger warning can really work . Fortunately , we can solve the situation though a combination of best-teaching practices and the application of pre-existing policies . The biggest problem here emerges from the nature of trauma . Triggers are extremely personal and , from the outside , unpredictable . Professors can not review their course material and know , with any certainty , what might or might not function as a trigger for their students . We worry about surprising students with triggering content and re-victimizing them . We do n't need a vague if well-intentioned policy , however , to address most cases . Instead , let 's just rely on good teaching . Tressie McMillan Cottom , writer and sociologist , noted that the real problem with triggers is when they catch you by surprise . She writes , "  Trigger warnings make sense on platforms where troubling information can be foisted upon you without prior knowledge , as in the case of retweets . " In a classroom , where the subject matter ought to be reasonably transparent , such surprises should be rare . We should all know what we are going to encounter in classes on the Holocaust , on human rights law , on the history of race in America , or countless other clearly labeled topics that of necessity must deal with often graphic and upsetting stories . If you sign up for such a class , be ready . Students might not be so ready for Ovid or Shakespeare . Why not prepare them for the reading ? Do n't do it because you are worried about trauma , but because it will help them learn . I would never want my students to be surprised by something horrific in their reading , whether the "  Red Wedding " on "  Game of Thrones " or the rape of Philomena in Ovid . Instead , I want them ready to work with challenging texts so they learn . Spoilers might be bad for entertainment , but they are good for education . Once most students know what they are likely to encounter in their work , the surprise factor in triggering situations ought to be mitigated . For a small percentage of students , however , this kind of preparation may not be enough . The word "  disability " has been largely missing from the debate on trigger warnings in higher education . Post-traumatic stress disorder is a psychological disability . It does n't just affect soldiers . Students  or anyone  suffering from PTSD are not just "  uncomfortable " when their trauma is triggered . Valeria M. Souza , a lecturer of Portuguese at Washington University in St. Louis and a blogger about disability and education , has noted that universities already have , or at least should have , robust systems to ensure compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and to provide reasonable accommodations for students with disabilities . It would be entirely reasonable to help a student with a disability who is best accommodated by avoiding certain triggering material in the classroom . That said , avoidance is not always the best approach for people with trauma . One method of treating PTSD is called "  exposure therapy , " in which patients repeatedly engage with their traumas in order to desensitize themselves to potentially triggering moments . The classroom is not a therapist 's clinic , but the practice does suggest that avoidance is not the only choice . Moreover , it 's a decision for a patient and a therapist or doctor to decide and advise a university , rather than for faculty or administrators to decide for themselves . As educators and as a society we need to respect trauma and create conditions in which healing is possible . Part of that respect is to recognize that we do n't know how any given person 's trauma might manifest , so we ca n't assume we know what is or is n't a trigger . And we do n't have to know . If professors follow good teaching practices and help students be ready for the course content as it unfolds , while universities provide well-funded and expert disability support services , we should be ready to handle whatever trigger issues lurk undetected . We do n't need a whole new set of warning labels .	Universities have debated putting warning labels on violent , abusive scenes in literature David Perry : It should not be necessary to have a new policy of warning labels Good teachers should prepare their students in the course of regular teaching , he says Perry : For students with PTSD , the normal precautions should be taken
CNN  -- The sister of the Boston Marathon bombing suspects has pleaded not guilty to possession of marijuana , according to her attorney . Bella Tsarnaev entered the plea at her arraignment hearing Tuesday to the initial charge of possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , Tsarnaev 's attorney , Mario Blanch told CNN . Police originally arrested Tsarnaev in December 2012 after responding to a domestic disturbance call and finding marijuana in her Fairview , New Jersey , apartment . Blanch says Tsarnaev , 24 , has no prior criminal record , and he is hoping she will be accepted into New Jersey 's pretrial intervention program , in which mostly first-time offenders are offered alternatives to the normal prosecution process . No court dates have been set yet . Blanch added that his client has no involvement in the Boston bombing incidents . "  I think she found out about her brothers the way the rest of the country did -- on the news . " Suspect : Boston bombing was payback for hits on Muslims Tsarnaev 's younger brother Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 19 , is currently being held in federal prison and has been charged with using a weapon of mass destruction . Her older brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev , 26 , was killed in a shootout with Boston police days after the bombings . One victim of the April 15 attack remains hospitalized . Three people were killed and at least 264 injured in the two bombings near the finish line of the marathon . Official : Tamerlan involved in 2011 slayings	Bella Tsarnaev pleaded not guilty to a charge of possession with intent to distribute She was arrested in December after police responding to a domestic disturbance call found marijuana Tsarnaev , who has no prior record , was n't involved in the Boston Marathon bombings , her attorney says
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Bamboo , woven into the shape of human stomachs . Red , sky blue and orange pencil shavings glued onto a large canvas form a woman 's traditional hair clip . A collage of magazine clippings , drawings and found materials depict Cambodia 's tumultuous modern history . Leang Seckon 's "  Prison Guard " depicts Duch , who is facing a genocide tribunal starting Tuesday . These are a few of the offerings on hand in Hong Kong at one of the first large international exhibitions of artists from Cambodia . The work by 14 artists varies in practice -- video , photography , collage , wood shavings , paper , bamboo and painting -- as well as in themes , from reflecting on the Southeast Asian nation 's genocidal Khmer Rouge regime to the emerging modern Cambodia , with traffic lights and all . "  Every artist in this show is referencing ancient tradition and recent history , " said Phnom Penh-based curator Erin Gleeson , noting the wall-size depiction in folded paper of the serpent Naga  which in Cambodian culture represents the people 's mythical birth  to a collage of 20th-century Cambodia and its six different regime changes . "  The show is looking at the present -- ` Forever Until Now ' is the title -- and it is this lineage of the past , you see that in the show , and then you see artists that arrive at the present , " she added . The show opens Friday and runs through March 22 at 10 Chancery Lane Gallery . Gallery owner and director Katie de Tilly said she believed it was important the artists get international exposure . " ... it 's really at the beginning of their art emergence . Obviously , they 've had a very hard history , " she said . "  This is really the beginning of contemporary Cambodians who are expressing very original ideas in their artworks and I think that that 's what makes it very unique and to show to the rest of the world . " Cambodia , which lost an estimated one-quarter of its population or at least 1.7 million people -- including an estimated 90 percent of its artists -- under the 1970s Khmer Rouge regime , has a small but growing artistic community : there are some 50 practicing artists out of its 14 million people , Gleeson said . The genocide and ensuing war , which only ended in the last decade or so , stifled the development of the arts in one of the world 's poorest countries . "  The legacy of that is now in every facet of a developing society , " said Gleeson , who noted the country had no art books when she arrived in 2002 on a fellowship to teach art history . "  There 's an absence of infrastructure for them , there 's an absence of materials , there is no art store . ... they are quite inventive about mixing materials to make them of a higher quality or last longer , but in many cases they do n't know archival techniques . " The harsh weather conditions -- a dusty , hot season and a rainy monsoon -- add to the trying work conditions . "  Everything 's against them , " she added . "  Their parents in many cases are coming from a really disadvantaged background , as the majority of the country is economically . " Some of the art included in the show looks at the Cambodia of today , such as Leang Seckon 's "  Three Greens " -- an acrylic painting showing children in school uniform crossing a road with a yellow light , red light and three green lights , along with cows and roosters . The piece shows the changes in a country that recently got stop lights , with animals , people and traffic mingling on the main roads of the capital . Sopheap Pich , a Cambodian-American whose family migrated to the U.S. in 1984 , works with bamboo and rattan -- materials often used in Cambodian traditional farming and crafts -- to make sculptures . His work , "  Cycle 2 , " is the joining of the stomachs of an infant and an elderly person that for him brought up ideas of Cambodian traditional village life . "  You belong to each other , you help each other out , " he said . "  But also , if you look at the lines and you see how it 's shaped by hand , it 's not very perfect , so it 's also about struggle ... "  You could say it 's a cycle of trying to hold onto each other , now we are living everywhere in the world , Cambodians are all over the planet , " he added . "  All this technique and pattern that I am quite obsessed with ... it 's about this idea of trying to hold on with very simple means . " Chan Dany , a 25-year-old artist who graduated from one of the country 's three art schools , creates textured patterns that appear almost like tapestry using pencil shavings in various colors . The works on display in the show are from a series based on Cambodian architectural decor , such as door and window shutter carvings , and include ancient Khmer forms whose shapes are derived from nature . "  When I started learning art , the teacher introduced a lot of new ways of making art , new ideas that were very difficult for me , so I had to think a lot , " he said through a translator . "  So then I looked around at what my classmates were doing and I started to think about what they were n't using for their work , so I started to collect the things that they did n't use when they were making art and started to think about my way of making art using those materials . " "  I like the first piece I did  using the pencil shaving technique  because I had never done it this way before and since then I kept on making it , " he said . The younger artists "  seem to be expressing something more fresh , " while the work by artists from the older generation is "  much more heavy , " de Tilly said . Some of the works of the Khmer Rouge period include a painting by Vann Nath , one of seven people to survive the regime 's infamous S-21 torture prison . His painting , "  Pray for Peace , " depicts women wearing traditional Cambodian funeral scarves praying en masse under troubled skies by stormy seas . Another work , Leang 's "  Prison Guard , " tells the life of Duch , a former teacher who ran S-21 and goes on trial Tuesday before a U.N.-backed tribunal on charges that include crimes against humanity . The art scene has been growing slowly in the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh over the last few years : Sopheap started a group to promote contemporary Cambodian art practices and two art institutes offer programs apart from the Royal University of Fine Arts . One factor that has also made Cambodian contemporary artists different from their counterparts , for example in neighboring Vietnam , has been the lack of outside influence , such as was the case with Chinese contemporary art 30 years ago , de Tilly said . "  Cambodia still is very much influenced by itself and so the development is happening on a slower pace but as well very interesting , " she said . "  They seem to not have as much international exposure to materials , magazines , publications , so you really do feel -- it was the same just after the Cultural Revolution in China -- that they did n't have exposure to many publications and things , and so their art was developing at that moment in time . " " ... it 's very interesting to document it and see what 's going to happen in the future , " she said . Part of the exhibit will be shown at another of the gallery 's venues in Hong Kong and will run through April 25 .	Fourteen artists , ranging in age and practice , displaying their works One work depicts Duch , a former Khmer Rouge leader facing genocide tribunal Cambodia 's arts were stunted by the 1970s genocide and civil war Some 50 artists now practicing their craft in the Southeast Asian country
CNN  -- David Villa was Spain 's hero yet again as his goal helped them past Portugal and into the last eight of the World Cup with a 1-0 second-round victory in Cape Town . The Barcelona striker registered his fourth goal of the competition just after the hour as he stabbed a shot past Portugal goalkeeper Eduardo , putting him level with Argentina 's Gonzalo Higuain and Slovakia striker Robert Vittek as the South African tournament 's top scorers . It was just reward for Spain 's endeavor against a largely defensive Portugal team , who struggled to get Cristiano Ronaldo into a game between the neighboring European nations . Villa 's strike should have been added to but Euro 2008 winners Spain squandered a clutch of clear-cut chances . Vicente Del Bosque 's side will now face Paraguay in the quarterfinals on Saturday , after the South American side beat Japan on penalties in Pretoria earlier on Tuesday . Liverpool striker Fernando Torres nearly opened his account at the World Cup inside the first minute as he forced Portugal keeper Eduardo into a smart save . Torres ' strike partner Villa was the next to test the keeper , who beat away his low shot . Just four minutes later Villa 's near-post effort tested Eduardo again . Portugal 's first opportunity came in the 20th minute as Spain keeper Iker Casillas parried Tiago 's shot into the air before punching clear when striker Hugo Almeida tried to turn the ball home . Ronaldo tested Casillas with a free-kick from distance and the keeper spilled his powerful shot , before Almeida should have scored when he rose to meet Fabio Coentrao 's cross from the left . Five minutes after the break , Almeida burst down the left and his cross took a deflection off Carles Puyol and looped just past the post with Casillas beaten . Torres was taken off for Fernando Llorente just before the hour mark and the Athletic Bilbao striker almost scored with his first touch , but his header from point-blank range was saved by Eduardo . In the 63rd minute Spain made the breakthrough , with a goal made in Barcelona . Andres Iniesta found Xavi , whose flick found the Spanish champions ' new signing Villa -- and though his first shot was saved , he tucked the rebound home off the underside of the bar . Real Madrid defender Sergio Ramos nearly made it 2-0 soon after but his low shot was brilliantly turned behind by Eduardo . Danny had half a chance to equalize as the ball broke in the area , but Joan Capdevila made a superb block . Seconds later Ricardo Costa was sent off for an apparent elbow on Capdevila , and the red card signaled the end of Portugal 's World Cup hopes .	Spain beat Portugal 1-0 to make the quarterfinals of the World Cup Barcelona striker David Villa scored the only goal of the game on 63 minutes Spain will now face Paraguay in the last eight in Johannesburg on Saturday Portugal defender Ricardo Costa sent off in the dying minutes for an elbow
CNN  -- Joan Lunden made a bold move when she posed for the cover of this week 's People magazine . The former "  Good Morning America " host appears with sparkling eyes and a broad smile , but without her trademark golden locks . At 64 , Lunden is fighting an aggressive form of breast cancer , and has shaved her head as she goes through treatment . Joan Lunden , former ` GMA ' host , has cancer While she could have worn a wig for People 's photo shoot , the longtime health advocate saw an opportunity to raise awareness . "  I had to make this big decision about whether or not to do the cover with no hair , " Lunden told People . "  It certainly is n't the comfortable way to go , but I decided I was going to try and help others and show women that this is n't the end of the world . You can go on -- and that was hugely empowering . " Lunden was diagnosed with stage 2 triple-negative breast cancer in June . While sharing the news on "  Good Morning America " that month , she got some valuable advice on the ABC program from breast cancer survivor and "  GMA " co-anchor Robin Roberts . Joan Lunden , former ` GMA ' host , talks about her battle with breast cancer "  Robin told me waiting for your hair to fall out is excruciating . So I did n't want to wait , " Lunden said . "  When it starts to go , it 's shocking , embarrassing and depressing . Pre-empt it . Get it shaved off . I did that . And I thought it was going to be like the biggest deal in the world . And you know what ? I felt I did n't have it done to me . I walked in and I said , ` Do this . ' " After consulting with doctors , Lunden opted for an unconventional treatment plan that calls for chemotherapy -- as opposed to the typical mastectomy or lumpectomy -- with the goal of shrinking her tumors so surgery can be minimal . "  You have all these decisions to make , and you have to make them quickly . I had no choice but to go into warrior mode and take this head-on , " Lunden told People . After 12 weeks of chemotherapy , Lunden learned that two tumors had shrunk by nearly 95 % . She was able to bypass the second and more difficult phase of chemotherapy , and after a September 23 surgery to remove the remaining mass she 's now focusing on her recovery . "  I was handed an opportunity to learn everything that I can about this and try to help others , " she said to People , "  the opportunity to turn something bad into something good . And that is the most amazing thing . "	Joan Lunden poses for People magazine without her wig The longtime health advocate says she wanted to empower other women Lunden revealed a breast cancer diagnosis in June
Washington  CNN  -- With less than a month until Election Day , Sen. Mary Landrieu is changing her reelection campaign 's leadership . The Louisiana Democrat shook up her campaign staff , bringing in a new campaign manager and calling up former and current Senate staffers to help her beat back challenges from two Republicans in the state 's jungle primary-style election , the New Orleans Times-Picayune first reported Wednesday . The changes come as Landrieu faces slimming odds that she will win 50 % of votes to avoid a runoff election . Ryan Berni , who ran her brother New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu 's reelection campaign earlier this year , is now leading the reelection bid , and Landrieu also rang her former chief of staff Norma Jane Sabiston to advise the campaign . Current campaign manager Adam Sullivan will stay on as a senior adviser to the campaign . Landrieu campaign spokesman Fabien Levy would not say why specifically Sullivan was replaced . "  As Senator Landrieu has done in all of her races , she is bringing on some of her long-time and trusted advisers to assist during the last month of the race to lead us to victory on November 4. , " Landrieu campaign spokesman Fabien Levy told CNN in an email . Senator reimburses federal government more than $ 30,000 in travel Two Landrieu Senate staffers , her state director and Washington communications director , are also taking leaves of absence to bolster their boss 's campaign . Landrieu has faced an uphill climb in her reelection bid this year and the challenge for her new staff will be to help Landrieu crack the 50 % threshold needed to avoid a December runoff . That seems unlikely according to the latest CNN/ORC poll , that showed her support stood at 43 % , with Rep. Bill Cassidy coming in a close second with 40 % . A runoff election between the two could favor Cassidy , who would be able to regain votes lost to the third candidate , tea party Republican Rob Maness . That election would be close though , with the CNN/ORC poll giving Cassidy just a 3-point lead in an eventual runoff with the incumbent Senator . Congressman : Reid runs the Senate ` like a plantation '	Landrieu 's new campaign manager Ryan Berni also managed her brother 's mayoral reelection campaign . Current campaign manager Adam Sullivan will stay on to advise the campaign . In the latest CNN/ORC poll , Landrieu seems unlikely to avoid a December runoff .
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Al Goodman , who sang baritone on such soul classics as "  Love on a Two Way Street " and "  Special Lady , " died Monday , his family told CNN . Goodman , 67 , died of heart failure during surgery to remove a tumor at Hackensack Medical Center in New Jersey , according to his daughter , Rhonda Goodman . Goodman was "  joking and laughing " before his surgery , she said . "  There 's mourning all over the world -- in England , in Germany and in Japan , " said Marshall Thompson , leader of the Chi-Lites , on Tuesday . "  We 're all mourning for Al Goodman . " Goodman was a member of the Moments -- an R&B group that formed in Hackensack , New Jersey , in 1968 -- along with Harry Ray and William Brown . They topped the soul charts in 1970 with "  Love on a Two Way Street " and again in 1975 with "  Look at Me  I 'm in Love  . " Last year , rapper Jay-Z sampled "  Love on a Two Way Street " for his hit , "  Empire State of Mind . " In 1978 , the trio renamed itself Ray , Goodman and Brown . A year later , they hit No. 1 with "  Special Lady . " The group made regular appearances on the soul charts into the 1980s . Their last Top Ten single was in 1986 . Goodman is survived by his wife of 34 years , Henrietta , five children and one grandson . A funeral is planned for Monday at the Bergen Performing Arts Center in Englewood , New Jersey .	NEW : Al Goodman died during surgery Monday He was a member of the Moments and Ray , Goodman and Brown The baritone sang on hits for nearly 20 years
Washington  CNN  -- The pilots of Northwest Flight 188 did not fall asleep when they overflew their destination by more than 100 miles in October , the National Transportation Safety Board said Thursday in a detailed report on the wayward flight . The two pilots "  became distracted by a conversation " about the airline 's new work schedule system and by laptop computers they were using in violation of company policy and did not communicate with air traffic control for about 1 hour and 17 minutes while they cruised past their Minneapolis , Minnesota , destination at 37,000 feet , the NTSB said . The safety board also faulted the Federal Aviation Administration for air traffic control shortcomings . The NTSB report gives the most complete official account to date of the errant flight , which prompted the FAA to revoke both pilots ' licenses , prompted the airline to suspend them from flying and prompted the FAA to adopt new procedures to notify the U.S. military in cases where the FAA loses contact with commercial aircraft . According to the account , the flight from San Diego , California , was routine until the plane was in the Denver , Colorado , region . There , air traffic controllers directed the crew of the Airbus A-320 to change their radio frequency . The co-pilot , or first officer , acknowledged the frequency change and read back the correct frequency . However , neither the captain nor the first officer contacted controllers on the new frequency until about 1 hour and 17 minutes later , when Winnipeg , Manitoba , controllers directed the crew to contact Minneapolis . The NTSB said that because of the proximity of the Winnipeg frequency to the last frequency acknowledged by the pilots  Winnipeg is 132.125 megahertz , while the last frequency used was 132.17  it is "  likely the first officer began to dial in the new frequency but never completed the frequency change by pushing an activation button . Nor did the first officer attempt to contact the next controller . " The NTSB said the frequency change likely occurred while the captain was taking a restroom break and while a flight attendant was serving dinner . "  These events may have distracted the first officer from completing the frequency change or attempting to contact the next ATC controller , " the NTSB said . Further , the captain 's absence would have prevented him from checking the co-pilot 's actions . When the captain returned , the pilots became involved in a conversation over new scheduling procedures , and the first officer tutored the captain using their computers , the NTSB said . "  The pilots allowed this conversation to monopolize their attention , " the board said . "  Both pilots state that they heard radio chatter but did not hear a radio call for NWA188 . " The laptop computers they used likely blocked their view of numerous visual alerts , including text messages sent by airline dispatchers and at least nine messages regarding their position on the airplane 's primary flight display , the NTSB said . Northwest Airlines policy prohibited the use of the laptops , the NTSB said . Both pilots told the NTSB the first indication of anything unusual was when a flight attendant called to ask about their arrival time . The captain "  looked at his navigation display and saw Duluth -LSB- Minnesota -RSB- to his left and Eau Claire -LSB- Wisconsin -RSB- to his right , " the board said . The NTSB said it could not determine why the pilots did not respond to numerous radio calls , but said it could be because the volume was turned down , the pilots were distracted or the plane was outside the coverage for the 121.5 megahertz transmitters . The NTSB faulted the FAA for not catching the pilots ' errors earlier , saying the plane entered two Denver sectors uneventfully , but radio contact was not established in the next two sectors , where controllers were preparing for a shift change . "  Neither sector controller 's relief briefing included information that communication had not been established " with the plane , the NTSB said . The NTSB said the FAA had no standard procedures to indicate that an aircraft had not made radio contact when electronic radar handoffs of planes occurred from one sector to the next . "  Because of this lack of standardization , NWA188 passed through two Denver ATC sectors without the controllers being aware that it had not made radio contact , " the safety board said . Almost 30 minutes had elapsed before the next sector 's controller attempted to regain contact with the plane and realized the plane was unresponsive to radio calls , the board said . Recognizing the problem , controllers first attempted to regain contact by calling Northwest dispatchers , then by calling an emergency frequency , but did not use words such as "  emergency " or "  mayday " that may have helped capture the pilots ' attention , the NTSB said . The pilots did not respond . As a result of the investigation and of the crash of an executive jet in Montana in 2009 , the safety board is recommending steps to prevent a repeat of the incidents . Six days after the event , the FAA revoked the licenses of Capt. Timothy Bryan Cheney and First Officer Richard Irwin Cole , saying their lack of awareness that they had overflown the Minneapolis airport was "  completely unacceptable " and "  put your passengers and your crew in serious jeopardy . " But in a settlement signed with the pilots on Monday , the pilots acknowledged no wrongdoing , and the FAA agreed to allow the pilots to reapply for their licenses in August , two months shorter than would ordinarily be allowed . A spokesman for Delta Airlines , which merged with Northwest , said this week the airlines ' internal investigation is continuing .	First officer did n't completely load radio frequency , NTSB says He and pilot then were distracted by discussion , personal computers , NTSB says NTSB also blames air traffic controllers for not realizing problem earlier
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo 's late header sealed a deserved win for Portugal in the Euro 2012 quarterfinal clash against Czech Republic . The Real Madrid forward , who found form so emphatically with two goals in the previous match against Holland , proved the difference once again as he powered home a Joao Moutinho cross with 11 minutes remaining . It was no less than Portugal 's display merited after they dominated the second half against an unfancied Czech side that started the match brightly but faded drastically . Portugal 's win set up a semifinal meeting next Wednesday against either France or Spain . "  We played very well , created a lot of chances and I hit the post twice , " Ronaldo told TV reporters after the victory . Soccer Live : CNN 's blog from Thursday 's opening quarterfinal "  We know it 'll be difficult in the next game , but we 're very a mature team and we 're ready for the fight . " This match was a repeat of the Euro '96 quarterfinal in England , where Karel Poborsky scored a famous scooped lob to give the Czech underdogs a 1-0 win . It was that losing Portugal side , elegantly marshaled by the likes of Rui Costa and Luis Figo , which prompted Ruud Gullit to coin the phrase "  sexy football . " And there was plenty to seduce viewers in Portugal 's second-half display in Warsaw , as the Czechs were blown away by their opponents ' pace and guile going forward . Not that Paulo Bento side 's superiority was evident in a cagey first half where the Portuguese were labored and sloppy , in contrast to the lively , well-drilled Czechs . Still , it was Ronaldo who almost broke the deadlock with a moment of brilliance seconds before halftime . The winger deftly chested down a Raul Meireles pass inside the Czech box , spun cleverly away from Michael Kadlec and unleashed a low shot that bounced back off the post . The Portugal captain looked to the heavens in exasperation , but it was a warning sign the Czechs would have heeded . Yet Michal Bilek 's side were powerless to stem the tide of Portuguese attacks that followed after the break . Minutes after the restart , Ronaldo hit the post again -- this time with a fearsome 35-yard free-kick . It set the tone for the remainder of the game as Portugal relentlessly pinned the Czechs back , with chances coming thick and fast . Hugo Almeida sent a free header tamely over the bar , before Petr Cech parried Nani 's venomous hit and tipped over a fizzing effort from Moutinho . Meireles and Nani then fired chances over the bar with the goal begging . Ronaldo , inevitably , had a few attempts of his own too . He fired a shot over and had several efforts blocked , the spasms of anguish that greeted each miss becoming increasingly animated . But that frustration was released with the clock ticking towards extra time , as Ronaldo 's aerial prowess came to the fore . Moutinho delivered a right-wing cross and Ronaldo hurled himself at the ball to send a powerful header into the ground and bouncing over the outstretched fingers of Cech to spark wild Portuguese celebrations . Portugal are unlikely to be the favorites in the semifinals , whichever team they face , but with Europe 's best player looking at the peak of his powers , who would bet against them ?	Cristiano Ronaldo scores winner as Portugal knock Czech Republic out of Euro 2012 Ronaldo heads decisive goal after 79 minutes of quarterfinal in Warsaw Portugal spurned numerous chances before eventually taking the lead Paulo Bento 's side will face either France or Spain in next week 's semifinal
Editor 's note : Bishop T.D. Jakes is founder and senior pastor of The Potter 's House of Dallas , Texas , a multiracial , nondenominational church with more than 50 outreach ministries . "  It is a victory for democracy that proves that our country provides possibilities for all people , " writes Jakes . CNN  -- Last night , I like most Americans of all stripes , watched with visible goose bumps as history was made . I sat with my 13-year-old son and looked from the screen to his eyes as Sen. Barack Obama became the first African American in history to lead a U.S. major-party ticket when he claimed the nomination for the Democratic Party for president of the United States . I congratulate Sen. Obama on this historic accomplishment . I thank him for accepting the torch that was lit by our forefathers and proudly carrying it through the darkness of our struggles , trials and tribulations , bringing light and hope to a new generation , and for facing all those who said "  No " and "  You ca n't win , " or "  It will never happen , " and firmly , proudly , defiantly saying , "  Yes I can ! " However , what I really hope people take away from that night is that this is not just a victory for African Americans , it is a victory for democracy that proves that our country provides possibilities for all people . It is also a sign that a metamorphosis is in progress . Today we saw that Americans respect experience , but are interested in change . I hope that we can somehow merge the best ideas of our differences and emerge with a president who epitomizes our highest and best ideals . While it remains unclear where we are going , last night proves that we as a people have moved beyond business as usual . I congratulate not just Sen. Obama on his victory , but the country on this landmark event that has shattered a past all too often filled with reasons to separate us as opposed to a voice of reason to unite us . The victory cup does not rest on the shoulders of the senator alone , but to all those who have been able to lift the conversation from petty racism , antiquated cut-throat politics , and fear-based campaigns to the larger issues of how we would like to see our country led into the future and ultimately how our country will be remembered . As the days and discussions of this political season continue , it is my sincere hope and prayer that we do not sink back into the abyss of political pettiness that has plagued our country and our lives for so many years . I am grateful to Sen. Hillary Clinton for giving , through this campaign , a chance for my daughters to see that their femininity is not a liability . Today both my sons and daughters came to understand that their ethnicity is n't viewed by progressive Americans as a limitation or a liability . iReport.com : Readers ' feelings on Obama For me it was almost déjà vu as I sat with my son . I remembered a little over 40 years ago watching the famous King speech with my dad . Similarly , I watched with my youngest son last night as a historical moment unfolded . He and I saw the dreams of slaves come true as the sons of slaves and the slave owners clapped their hands in one progressive sweep . As I drifted into sleep , all I could see was the twinkle in my son 's eyes . His eyes were illuminated with possibilities , and his heart was filled with the potential of what is attainable for qualified , competent people of all types who prepare themselves intellectually and are well vested with a divine sensitivity to the "  fierce urgency of now ! " Congratulations Sen. Obama .	Bishop T.D. Jakes : "  I congratulate Sen. Obama on this historic accomplishment " Jakes : "  Not just a victory for African Americans , it is a victory for democracy " Jakes : Nomination "  proves that our country provides possibilities for all people " Jakes congratulates "  the country on this landmark event "
Kaufman County , Texas  CNN  -- It was , in the words of local newspaper reporter Denise Bell , a "  megatrial for a little community . " A justice of the peace , accused of ripping off taxpayers , labeled "  dishonorable " by a top prosecutor after his conviction last year and stripped of his job and his law license . Now , amid an even larger investigation into the deaths of two Kaufman County prosecutors this year , that former official , Eric Williams , is jailed on $ 3 million bond -- charged with two counts of insufficient bond and one count of making a "  terroristic threat . " Authorities have n't explained the charges and they have not said if Williams ' arrest over the weekend is related to the investigation into the deaths of District Attorney Mike McLelland , McLelland 's wife , Cynthia , and Mark Hasse -- the prosecutor who last year accused Williams of "  using Kaufman County as his own piggy bank . " Hasse , Kaufman County 's chief felony prosecutor , died in a brazen daytime shooting outside the courthouse January 31 . Someone shot McLelland , the county 's district attorney , and his wife , Cynthia , late last month at their Forney , Texas , home . Authorities have not named a suspect or a motive for the killings . Federal , state and local authorities looking into the killings searched Williams ' home on Friday , according to an FBI spokeswoman . A day later , Texas Rangers and FBI agents combed through a storage facility in Seagoville , Texas , on a search warrant also tied to the prosecutors ' deaths , the spokeswoman said . CNN affiliates KTVT and WFAA , citing anonymous sources , said authorities found 20 weapons and a white Ford Crown Victoria in the storage unit . The car , KTXA reported , matches the description of one seen near the McLellands ' home around the time of their deaths . Authorities have not named Williams as a suspect in the deaths . Nor have they said the storage locker search had anything to do with the former justice of the peace , who has denied any involvement in the deaths through his attorneys and in interviews with local media . On Friday , Williams ' attorney , David Sergi , released a statement saying his client "  has cooperated with law enforcement and vigorously denies any and all allegations . He wishes simply to get on with his life and hopes that the perpetrators are brought to justice . " Sergi did not respond to repeated e-mail and telephone messages over the weekend and Monday seeking comment on developments in the case . In March 2012 -- almost a year before McLelland 's death -- Hasse and McLelland played prominent roles in prosecuting Williams on one count of burglary and one count of theft by a public official . Accused of stealing computer equipment from a county building , he was convicted and sentenced to two years of probation . After the trial , McLelland rejoiced that the conviction showed the county 's "  good ol' boy network is gone , " according to media reports . Hasse called Williams "  dishonorable " and a liar , according to the reports . But in a statement filed with the court after his conviction , Williams denied the thefts and called the loss of his law license "  a life long sentence . " "  I will have to seek another career , with a felony I will not be able to earn what I am used to , " he said , adding that it would be his wife , who he said was on disability , and his aging parents who would suffer the most . In a recent interview with North Texas TV station KXAS , Williams said he bore no ill will toward Hasse or McLelland , saying he felt the officials were just "  doing their jobs . " But Bell , a reporter for The Forney Post , said McLelland told her before his death that he thought Williams was responsible for Hasse 's death . He divulged his suspicion , she says , while cautioning her to be careful . Why ? "  Because I sat in the front row and covered this trial for 10 days , " she told CNN .	Authorities have not named former Kaufman County official a suspect in DA 's death Eric Williams was arrested over the weekend after a search of his home Another search at a storage locker turned up guns , vehicle , CNN affiliates report DA Mike McLelland and his wife died last month , two months after assistant DA 's killing
