CNN  -- The recent Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  IPPC  report made very clear its view that the world is failing to prepare and adapt to the impacts of man-made climate change -- "  in many cases , we are not prepared for the climate-related risks that we already face . " The challenge is n't new . We have known for some time that we need to act on climate change . This is a global issue requiring a coordinated global response and we need to make the most of the world 's talent . As an international ambassador for the People 's Postcode Lottery Green Challenge , the largest annual international competition for green entrepreneurs , we are fortunate to see some of the best new ideas in green entrepreneurism . However , while there has been a consistent number of female entries globally each year -- around 20 % -- to really encapsulate the potential of a wider talent pool we need to see that percentage increase . As such , it was very uplifting to see that the winners of 2013 and 2012 were women , given that we want to see an increase in female participation . Last year , U.S.-based Ginger Dosier won with her start-up bioMASON which -- inspired by coral reefs -- "  grows " bricks by using microorganisms for use in building construction . These bricks can be used in place of conventional bricks , consuming far less energy and resources and as a result having a much lower impact on the environment . In 2012 , Molly Morse , another U.S.-based entrepreneur , won with her company Mango Materials , which uses bacteria to create biodegradable plastics for construction , toys , packaging or agriculture . She was driven to create more sustainable materials by seeing first-hand the use of temporary construction materials after earthquakes in India . There are more examples from all over the world , such as the idea from Thailand-based , Orapin Sinamonvech , to turn agricultural waste into particle board . Her idea is helping to eliminate CO2 by offering farmers an alternative to burning their unwanted materials . The impact of climate change particularly in the developing nations has a disproportionate impact on women and girls and solutions that reflect that are crucial . If we were able to encourage even a fraction more women to turn their experiences and ideas into reality , then we would be in a much stronger position to meet our climate challenge . With greater need than ever for green businesses and innovations all around the world , l want to see more women seizing these sorts of opportunities . As a woman who has had to overcome barriers , whether it be in my political life or the business sector , I understand that obstacles will not disappear overnight . To this end , I 'm about to launch and participate in a mentoring service for women who need support in achieving their ambitions and would encourage other women in my position around the world to do the same . Women have a strong historical record when it comes to sustainability , from Rachel Carson who wrote "  Silent Spring , " which many credited with igniting the environmental movement , to Vivienne Westwood who as well as campaigning for sustainability in the fashion industry has tried to make sustainability fashionable . We need to build on their record . We should all have an interest in seeing women get ahead . We need to see more creative solutions to reduce climate change and we need to encapsulate a greater pool of imagination and invention . As a start , with less than one month to go to the close of this year 's competition , I would urge all female entrepreneurs with sustainability ideas to enter and take up the opportunity that 's on offer . SEE : Photojournalists capture the perfect shot The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sandip Verma .	Sandip Verma is a minister at UK Department of Energy and Climate Change She 's also Ambassador to People 's Postcode Lottery Green Challenge Women should be encouraged to establish green businesses , writes Verma
CNN  -- Gaze across the Riyadh skyline and one building immediately demands your attention . Towering high above the city , with its distinctive inverted arch , is the 992 ft Kingdom Center -- owned by the richest man in Saudi Arabia , if not the Middle East . Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Al Saud 's wealth has been estimated at anywhere between just over $ 20 billion by Forbes and more than $ 30 billion by Bloomberg . Whichever way you look at it , it 's a lot of money -- could it be set to grow ? Inside His Majesty 's striking skyscraper is the headquarters of Kingdom Holding , one of the largest investment companies on the country 's stock exchange . With plans to open up the market -- known locally as the Tadawul -- to foreign investors next year , this is the start of a brave new era for the phenomenally wealthy prince and Saudi businesses . Media mogul Alwaleed already has high-profile stakes in media groups News Corp , Time Warner  CNN 's parent company  , and Walt Disney . Added to that , his $ 300 million stake in Twitter has quadrupled in value in just two years . Fellow billionaire , News Corp CEO Rupert Murdoch , may have been unsuccessful in his recent attempt to take over Time Warner . But Alwaleed believes it might not be the end of the story just yet . "  Combining both companies  News Corp and Time Warner  would have been a dream proposal because the amount of content the combined company would have had would have been tremendous , " he said . "  Knowing Mr Murdoch I think the idea is still in his mind . But I think the time is not right now because the management of Time Warner against it , and the shareholders of Fox were also not for it . " Oil rich ? Saudi Arabia might be one of the world 's largest oil exporters , but Alwaleed says now is the time for the kingdom to look beyond crude . "  It 's a huge worry when the price of oil goes down , " he said . "  I have always called on the Saudi government to reduce its dependence on oil , because as it stands today , 90 % of our annual budget is dependent on oil . And 50 % of our GDP is oil based . " Isis threat Earlier this year , Saudi Arabia held exercises with 135,000 troops . But at a time where Isis exerts its power across parts of the Middle East , the prince does not believe boots on the ground is the way forward for his country . "  I think Saudi Arabia will not be involved directly in fighting Isis in Iraq or Syria , because this does not really affect our country explicitly , " he said . "  Each killing by Isis that takes place is unfortunate , but hopefully every time it happens the world will be more united in eradicating this disease that 's infecting the whole Middle East . " Billion dollar question While other billionaires might downplay their fortune , the prince filed a lawsuit against Forbes after he claims it underestimated his wealth . "  They 've been undervaluing my wealth for 10 years and I did n't give attention to it , " he said . "  But when they came and attacked Saudi Arabia , and Kingdom Holding , and myself , that 's when I did n't accept that and that 's when we filed a lawsuit in the UK courts . " One thing 's for sure , this is a businessman willing to put his money where his mouth is . Insight : Inside the world 's newest super mall Watch : Property hotspots in the Middle East	Meet Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal Al Saud , richest man in Middle East From next year , Saudi stock exchange will open to foreign investors HRH says country must not rely so heavily on oil exports Calls Isis a "  diseases infecting the Middle East "
CNN  -- -LSB- Updated at 1:18 a.m. ET -RSB- From New York to Los Angeles and dozens and dozens of cities in between , protesters flooded the streets to denounce a Missouri grand jury 's decision not to indict Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson . A day after the country learned Wilson wo n't face criminal charges for killing unarmed teenager Michael Brown , protests sprouted up in more than 170 U.S. cities . Some demonstrations blocked bridges , tunnels and major highways . But unlike the violence that erupted in Ferguson on Monday night , the protests across the country Tuesday night were largely peaceful . New York A massive protest wound its way from Union Square to FDR Drive and to the United Nations , Times Square and Harlem . "  Now it 's not clear where we 're going , " said CNN 's Miguel Marquez , who was interviewing protesters as they continued marching after midnight . One demonstrator said he did n't even know about the protest until he saw it pass by his workplace on Times Square . He decided to join in . "  I just want to help bring about change ... sometimes I am profiled based on my race , " said the protester , who is black . "  I think this is progress ... now we 're going to make sure things are going to change . " As they marched , some protesters chanted , "  Mike Brown ! Mike Brown ! " Police , who were nearby in large numbers , stayed back and let the marchers go . Oakland , California Perhaps the greatest concentration of turmoil Tuesday night was in Oakland , where vandals smashed the windows of a car dealership and looted several businesses , including a T-Mobile cell phone store . Some also set several bonfires in the city . One row of bonfires stretched across a road , blocking off access , footage from CNN affiliate KPIX showed . Some people were seen adding more items to the fires . Los Angeles A stretch of the 101 Freeway in Los Angeles was shut down in both directions after protesters took road blocks from the streets , along with debris , and placed them on the freeway , police said . And demonstrators gathered outside of the Los Angeles Police Department headquarters , Officer Sara Faden said . Faden said protesters are demonstrating peacefully . An LAPD spokesman said officers are allowing people to vent . "  We have detained people . We do n't have any property damage to speak of , " Officer Jack Richter said . "  We are letting  the people  exercise their constitutional rights . " Boston Mayor Marty Walsh estimated about 1,000 protesters took to the streets Tuesday night . The gathering has been largely peaceful . "  It 's a beautiful thing to see , " demonstrator Daniel Jose Older said . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson Denver Several hundred people took to the streets of Denver on Tuesday night , police said . Officers tried to prevent demonstrators from marching onto Interstate 25 . Most protesters dispersed peacefully , but a "  small group " refused and grabbed officers . Officers used pepper spray , and three people were arrested , police said . Dallas About five protesters were arrested after marching on Interstate 35 , CNN affiliate WFAA said . Some 200 demonstrators gathered at Dallas police headquarters before marching onto the interstate , the affiliate said . Washington In Washington , protesters lay down on a sidewalk outside police headquarters as if dead , according to a tweet by Nikki Burdine of CNN affiliate WUSA . Some had handwritten notes on their chests : "  Black lives matter . " Minneapolis A woman in a group blocking an intersection was run over by a car . The Star Tribune newspaper reported that the driver of the car honked at the protesters before knocking a few people onto the hood of the vehicle and apparently running over the woman 's legs . She was hospitalized with "  very minor injuries . " Chicago About 200 members of the Black Youth Project staged a sit-in outside Mayor Rahm Emanuel 's office Tuesday afternoon . They planned to be there for 28 hours . Protesters in the New York area briefly blocked one of the entrances to the Lincoln Tunnel Tuesday evening , but then headed off to the city 's West Side . Atlanta The Public Enemy anthem pumping from mounted speakers at a protest in downtown Atlanta captured the mood of the crowd Tuesday night . "  Fight the Power , " the rapper 's voice shouted over the speaker . "  Fight the powers that be . ... " About 300 people tried to follow Public Enemy 's advice when they gathered to protest the grand jury 's decision . As helicopters circled above , black college students , white urban hipsters in skinny jeans , middle-aged socialists and black militants in berets gathered for a raucous rally to vent their anger at the events in Ferguson . "  They have given us no justice ! We will give them no peace , " the demonstrators chanted at they massed in front of the Underground Atlanta shopping district . Some protesters had also gathered outside CNN Center . ` It 's a travesty ' Some Atlanta protesters held signs that read "  Enough " and "  We are all one bullet away from being a hashtag . " One demonstrator wore a T-shirt that read , "  Racism is n't over but I 'm over racism . " "  It 's a travesty ; it 's just not right , " ShaCzar Brown said as held up a sign that said , "  Stop killer cops . " "  Seventy years ago , it was legal to kill black people , " Brown says , referring to the spate of lynchings that spread through the U.S. in the late 19th and early 20th centuries . "  It 's essentially still legal . " Atlanta , birthplace of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , also saw emotional reaction Monday night when about 200 students gathered at Morehouse College to hear the grand jury 's decision . A collective gasp rippled through the crowd when it came . Some of the students at the historically black men 's school looked at one another in disbelief , others started to tear up , and a few stared ahead as their jaws dropped . Police sirens wailed in the distance as the students chanted : "  Ferguson 's hell is America 's hell . " Largely peaceful protests "  I think what happened yesterday is a great injustice to everyone that 's been fighting for equality in this country , " one Chicago protester told WGN on Tuesday . "  And I think that just because a bad decision was made does n't mean people who believe in equality are going to fall silent . " Protests have been organized in more than 30 states , the District of Columbia and at least three other countries , according to information compiled by CNN and a site set up to help organize protest efforts . Read what Darren Wilson told the grand jury ' A thousand Fergusons across America ' CNN 's Jessica Ravitz , John Blake , Lorenza Brascia , Greg Morrison , Rob Frehse , Tina Burnside and Bill Kirkos contributed to this report .	Vandals in Oakland , California , bust windows of a car dealership and loot stores Part of the 101 Freeway in Los Angeles has been shut down in both directions New York protester : "  Now we 're going to make sure things are going to change " Boston 's mayor estimates 1,000 people have taken to the streets
When you think about pumpkins , what comes to mind ? Jack-o ' - lanterns ? Pumpkin pie ? Charlie Brown ? Pumpkin spice lattes ? Well , there 's more to these orange gourds than Halloween and sugary  but delicious !  desserts and drinks . Pumpkins have numerous health benefits -- none of which take center stage in autumn 's most frequent offerings . Why you crave pumpkin flavors in the fall Are you skeptical about taking the pumpkin out of the pie  or cup  ? These health benefits may change your mind : Weight loss Pumpkin is rich in fiber , which slows digestion . "  Pumpkin keeps you feeling fuller longer , " says Caroline Kaufman , MS , RDN and an upwave diet and nutrition expert . "  There 's seven grams of fiber in a cup of canned pumpkin . That 's more than what you 'd get in two slices of whole-grain bread . " Pumpkin may be filling , but it 's also a low-calorie superstar . "  Canned pumpkin is nearly 90 percent water , so besides the fact that it helps keep you hydrated , it has fewer than 50 calories per serving , " Kaufman says . The 10 most filling foods for weight loss Sharper vision Pumpkin 's brilliant orange coloring comes from its ample supply of beta-carotene , which is converted to vitamin A in the body . Vitamin A is essential for eye health and helps the retina absorb and process light . A single cup of pumpkin contains over 200 percent of most people 's recommended daily intake of vitamin A , making it an outstanding option for optical health . Pumpkin also contains lutein and zeaxanthin , two antioxidants that are thought to help prevent cataracts and may even slow the development of macular degeneration . Healthy food for your eyes Better immunity Looking for a way to ward off illness and improve your immune system ? Try pumpkin . The large shot of vitamin A the fruit provides helps your body fight infections , viruses and infectious diseases . Pumpkin oil even helps fight various bacterial and fungal infections . Plus , pumpkin is packed with nearly 20 percent of the recommended amount of daily vitamin C , which may help you recover from colds faster . 11 easy immune boosters for cold and flu season Younger-looking skin Sure , eating pumpkin can help you look younger  beta-carotene in pumpkin helps protect us from the sun 's wrinkle-causing UV rays  , but the pulp also makes a great , all-natural face mask that exfoliates and soothes . All you need is 1/4 cup pureed pumpkin  not pumpkin pie  , an egg , a tablespoon of honey and a tablespoon of milk . Mix , then apply it , wait for 20 minutes or so and wash it off with warm water . Lower cancer risk Beta-carotene is great for your eyes and skin , but you know what else it 's good for ? Fighting cancer . Research shows people who eat a beta-carotene-rich diet may have a lower risk of some types of cancer , including prostate and lung cancer . Vitamins A and C are "  a kind of cell defense squad , " Kaufman says . " -LSB- They -RSB- are both antioxidants , and they act as shields for your cells against cancer-causing free radicals . " Tips to prevent cancer It may help treat diabetes In scientific tests , pumpkin has been shown to reduce blood glucose levels , improve glucose tolerance and increase the amount of insulin the body produces . More testing needs to be done before we can say for sure what pumpkin 's benefits for diabetics will be , but if you have diabetes , munching on pumpkin certainly wo n't hurt .	Pumpkin is rich in fiber , which can help you feel full longer Vitamin A found in pumpkins is essential for eye health and can fight infections Beta-carotene is great for your skin and may help prevent cancer
The Indonesian police continue to use a "  degrading " invasive physical test to check for female recruits virginity , a Human Rights Watch  HRW  report has claimed . A manual examination is used to physically check for an intact hymen in the recruits , the report alleges . It is , according to the report , a long-standing part of the health check that women must undergo to be accepted onto the force . While the virginity test is not specifically part of the required "  obstetrics and gynecology " examination that female recruits are required to undergo to gain entry to the National Police , senior female officers told the report 's authors that it has long been part of the process . Virginity a requirement The National Police website lists the health requirements for female recruits , listing virginity as one of the requirements . "  In addition to the other medical and physical examinations . Women who want to become policewomen are to undergo a virginity test . Policewomen must keep their virginity , " the informational page states . It ends the section with a cheery "  thank you " and a smiley-face emoticon . Married women are not eligible to apply for service in the police force . Police : Exams applicable to both sexes A police spokesperson told CNN that all recruits , not only female , were subject to thorough medical tests that included examination of genitalia . "  Overall , the medical and physical examination has two main objectives . The first one is to make sure that the candidates ' health and physical condition will not harm them when admitted into police force , " spokesperson Roni Sompie said . "  Secondly , it is to make sure that they do not possess any communicable diseases that will not allow them to perform maximally as trained police personnel , " he said . "  As to the examination of the virginity , it is just a part of the whole medical and physical test , not intended to solely seek for the virginity condition . Or it can not be put in a perspective for the sake of finding out the virginity , instead , it is for the sake of the completeness of medical and physical examination . " Sompie also said that the HRW report was incomplete because it had not sought comment from police medical authorities . ` Discriminatory , cruel , degrading ' HRW says they interviewed several female officers and applicants , as well as police medical and recruitment staff . They also say they spoke with a National Police commission member . The officers and recruits who had undergone the test called it "  painful " and "  traumatic . " The report describes the test , administered by Police Medical and Health Center staff in police hospitals in the cities of Bandung , Jakarta , Padang , Pekanbaru , Makassar , and Medan , as "  discriminatory , cruel  and  degrading . " One recruit interviewed by HRW for the report said : "  Entering the virginity test examination room was really upsetting . I feared that after they performed the test I would not be a virgin anymore . It really hurt . My friend even fainted because ... it really hurt , really hurt . " HRW called the test "  subjective and unscientific . " "  The Indonesian National Police 's use of ` virginity tests ' is a discriminatory practice that harms and humiliates women , " said Nisha Varia , associate women 's rights director at Human Rights Watch in a statement . "  Police authorities in Jakarta need to immediately and unequivocally abolish the test , and then make certain that all police recruiting stations nationwide stop administering it . " Outside condemnation Women 's rights advocates have corroborated the HRW reports ' findings . "  Over the last 12 years , I have been visited by many police women complaining about virginity tests conducted by police department , with some of them  saying  they have suffered from trauma having conducted the test , because they felt painful and they felt ashamed of being tested . The trauma lasts even until now , " Yefri Heriyani , of Padang based Women 's Crisis center Nurani Perempuan , told CNN . "  We protest this virginity test , which is now disguised under the name ` medical and physical examination ' ... Virginity tests  are  one of the forms of sexual violence , and therefore a human rights violation . We demand an end to this practice . " Reform attempts insufficient Attempts to reform the physical and abolish the "  archaic " test , HRW says , have failed and the use of the test still widespread . The group says virginity tests contradict internationally-agreed human rights standards . The rights organization has also cataloged similar abuses by police in several other countries including Egypt , India , and Afghanistan , and has previously spoken out against virginity tests for Indonesian schoolgirls . HRW say the report is counterproductive to the Indonesian government 's aim to recruit more women to the police force . "  So-called virginity tests are discriminatory and a form of gender-based violence -- not a measure of women 's eligibility for a career in the police , " Varia said . "  This pernicious practice not only keeps able women out of the police , but deprives all Indonesians of a police force with the most genuinely qualified officers . "	Human Rights Watch condemns invasive virginity test for female police recruits Officers and recruits who had undergone the test called it "  painful " and "  traumatic " Police say medical tests are equally rigorous for male and female recruits Rights organization calls for test to be abolished by Indonesian National Police
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The iPad Mini made its global sales debut Friday , but the lines of fans outside many stores were much smaller than previous Apple debuts . By midday , the line at Apple 's flagship store in Hong Kong to pick up reserved devices had five people , a far cry from the throngs that turned out for the iPad 2 debut here last year . Hong Kong was among the first of 34 countries -- including the U.S. and major European markets -- where the iPad Mini went on sale Friday . Local press reports in Australia and Japan also suggested fewer fans were lining up to greet the thin 7.9-inch tablet . Buyers were required to pre-order the device and arrive to pick up at a scheduled time , which may have contributed to the muted response . In January Apple halted sales of its iPhone 4S in Beijing and Shanghai after scuffles broke out among fans waiting overnight to buy the phone . Apple would n't comment on how many iPad Minis were pre-ordered . Do people really want a smaller iPad ? In recent years , lining up to be among the first to buy new Apple products has become a ritual around the globe . Yet news reports and anecdotal posts on Twitter found smaller-than-usual lines at Apple stores in London , Sydney and other cities . However , more than 750 people lined up to buy the tablet -- or other Apple gadgets -- Friday morning outside Apple 's flagship store on Fifth Avenue in New York City , according to Fortune 's Philip Elmer DeWitt . The size of the line was perhaps surprising given that Hurricane Sandy has disrupted access to Manhattan and some parts of the city are still without power . On Twitter , some observers criticized the priorities of New Yorkers lining up to buy a pricey electronic gadget when other city residents were suffering in the aftermath of the storm . In Hong Kong , the sale brought out the Apple faithful such as Thomas Wu , who added the Mini to his collection of products that include the iPhone , iTouch and iPad . "  I love Apple , " Wu said . "  I 'm going to use the Mini , and give my iPad to my family . " Those who crowded in the store over the iPad Mini display seemed more curious than ready to purchase the tablets , with models starting at $ 329 . "  I have several other tablets , so I 'm just going to wait , " said one customer , who asked not to be named , as he tried out the iPad Mini . iPad Mini : iReporters weigh in Unlike previous releases , Apple is not blazing new territory with its Mini tablet . Instead , it 's getting into a small-tablet market already occupied by competitors such as Google 's Nexus 7 and Amazon 's Kindle Fire . The cost of the new iPad Mini was a chief complaint among reviewers when the tablet was previewed by the press last week . "  For $ 200 you can get a Nexus 7 , you can get a Kindle Fire , with similar specs -- so you 're really paying an Apple premium here , " Jason Tanz , senior editor at Wired , told CNN last week . Hands-on with the iPad Mini "  It 's the first kind of defensive play we 've seen from Apple in a while , " Tanz said . "  This is the first time they 're kind of playing catch up . " As CNNMoney reports , Apple shares fell below $ 600 earlier this week after a management shakeup and mixed iPad Mini reviews . Scott Forstall , one of the late Steve Jobs ' top lieutenants , also was shown the door after some recent missteps , including Apple 's heavily criticized release of Apple Maps -- which led to an apology from Apple CEO Tim Cook . CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	Apple 's iPad Mini went on sale in 34 markets worldwide on Friday Demand appeared to be down compared to the throngs that met previous releases Device enters small-tablet territory already occupied by Google 's Nexus 7 and Amazon 's Kindle Fire Apple would n't comment on how many iPad Minis were pre-ordered
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A roadside bomb attack on Monday killed two U.S. soldiers in Baghdad , the U.S. military said . U.S. troops patrol near a checkpoint in Baghdad last week . Another soldier was wounded in the attack and taken to a combat support hospital , according to military spokesman Lt. David Russell . The deaths follow an incident Saturday in which a U.S. soldier died and two others were injured when their vehicle rolled over at a forward operating base near Balad , north of Baghdad , Russell said . July marked the lowest monthly toll of the war , with 11 U.S. troop deaths -- six killed in hostilities and five dying from causes not related to combat , according to a CNN count of figures released by the Pentagon . With the three deaths in August , 4,130 U.S. military personnel have died since the Iraq war began in 2003 . Other developments • A roadside bomb targeting an Iraqi army patrol detonated Monday morning on Palestine Street in eastern Baghdad , killing two people and wounding 15 , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . The deaths include one Iraqi soldier , while nine Iraqi soldiers were among the wounded . • Also on Monday morning , a roadside bomb detonated near an Iraqi police patrol in the southern Baghdad district of Dora , wounding two people , including one policeman , the ministry official said . • Late Sunday , a parked car bomb exploded outside a coffee shop in Hilla , a Shiite city about 62 miles south of Baghdad , killing one civilian and wounding 12 , the ministry official said . • U.S. soldiers and Iraqi police on Sunday detained a "  special groups " criminal in southern Baghdad 's Rashid district , according to the U.S. military . "  Special groups " is the term the U.S. military uses to describe Iranian-backed militias operating in Iraq . The military said the suspect was detained for "  allegedly committing acts of violence against Iraqi security and coalition forces . " • U.S. soldiers and Iraqi security forces uncovered several weapons caches in Baghdad on Sunday , including various mortar rounds and a rocket-propelled grenade launcher , the U.S. military said Monday . Some of the mortar rounds were handed over to coalition soldiers by "  Sons of Iraq " members , who are predominantly Sunni groups that have turned against al Qaeda in Iraq . • U.S. and Iraqi soldiers uncovered a weapons cache on Friday near Mahmoudiya -- about 35 km southwest of Baghdad -- that included a 100-pound bag of C-4 explosive , four wired blocks of C-4 , and various weapons and ammunition , the military said Monday . Iraqi soldiers detained three men who had the cache . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : Deaths in Monday bombing bring August U.S. death toll in Iraq to three Roadside bombs in Baghdad target police , army ; two killed , 11 injured Car bomb near coffee shop in Hilla kills one , wounds 12 U.S.-led forces capture eight , including alleged al Qaeda in Iraq regional leader
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain was touting U.S.-Canadian economic and energy ties in a visit north Friday , while Sen. Barack Obama hammered his GOP opponent for embracing offshore drilling and other energy policies . Sen. John McCain is in Canada on Friday , while Sen. Barack Obama talks to Democratic governors . Obama , speaking to Democratic governors in Chicago , Illinois , hit McCain hard for his support of the gas tax "  holiday " as well as drilling off the U.S. coasts . Obama told the 16 governors attending an economic summit at the Chicago History Museum that McCain "  has essentially embraced " President Bush 's energy policy . "  When I hear McCain say that he is now in favor of the same oil drilling off the coast that he was opposed to just a week ago , what he does n't tell you is that George Bush 's own energy department has said that this would have no impact on consumers until 2030 , " he said , "  no appreciable impact for the next 22 years . Something they 're not telling consumers . " Watch more of Obama 's speech " At an afternoon news conference in Jacksonville , Florida , Obama continued to lash out at McCain 's oil drilling policy . "  John McCain 's proposal , George Bush 's proposal to drill offshore here in Florida , and other places around the country , would not provide families with any relief , this year , next year , five years from now , " he said . "  Believe me , if I thought there was any evidence at all that drilling could save people money who are struggling to fill up their gas tanks by this summer or the next few years , I would consider it , but it wo n't . " At the Chicago summit , several governors touched on the economic woes affecting their respective states . "  There is a deep recession , and frankly , I believe it 's actually gathering momentum . I do n't think we 're halfway through this , " New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine said . Ted Strickland , governor of the swing state of Ohio , pledged his support to Obama to "  make sure that you 're the next president . " The presumptive Democratic presidential nominee said , "  What you need , I believe , is a partner in Washington that understands your people , understands the hopes and dreams of the American people , and is not expected to solve every one of their problems but is willing to give them the tools they need to succeed and prosper and live out the American dream . " Also Friday , the Obama camp announced he would make a campaign appearance with Sen. Hillary Clinton on June 27 . The campaigning will follow a Democratic fundraiser Thursday that will mark the first time the former rivals have appeared together publicly since the New York senator ended her presidential bid . Watch more on next week 's campaign event " This week , Obama said , "  I have not had conversations with Sen. Clinton because she has been getting a well-deserved vacation . And we will be speaking , I think , in the next few days , certainly within the next week , and we 'll be having an ongoing conversation . " The Obama campaign said details of the pair 's itinerary would be released later . Meanwhile , the presumptive GOP nominee was in Canada on Friday , focusing on U.S. relations with its northern neighbor . At the Economic Club of Toronto in Ottawa , McCain said that although there "  are n't any electoral votes to be won up here in the middle of a presidential election ... there are many shared interests that require our attention today , and many Canadians here I am very proud to call friends . " "  And today , the strength of that partnership is more vital than ever . The economic community we have founded , together with our alliance and the values we hold in common , have served our people for decades and has served us well . It will fall to the next president to strengthen these ties still further , adding to the security and prosperity of all of North America . " McCain said he will seek to expand trade and diplomatic ties if elected . Watch more on McCain 's speech in Canada " David Axelrod , chief strategist for the Obama campaign , blasted McCain 's policy speech in Canada . "  Sen. McCain is making his case in Canada . He ought to come and make it here in the United States and listen to what people around this country are saying , " he said . McCain also talked about energy and environmental problems , including global warming . "  We must also work to ensure reliable energy supplies and increase sources of renewable energy . ... Canada is America 's largest energy supplier . Not only does Canada have the second-largest proven oil reserves in the world , 60 percent of the energy produced in Canada is hydroelectric , clean energy . We stand much to gain by harmonizing our energy policies , just as we have gained by cooperating in trade through NAFTA . " While McCain supports the North American Free Trade Agreement , it has remained a hot-button issue for Democratic voters . Before the Ohio primary in March , the battle between Obama and Clinton morphed into a fierce debate over free trade , a clash that seemed to hinge on which candidate could appear more anti-NAFTA . But in a recent interview with Fortune magazine , Obama appears to be backing off his tough talk on trade . "  Sometimes during campaigns , the rhetoric gets overheated and amplified , " he said . McCain insisted several times after his speech in Ottawa that the trip was not political , and he refused to answer any questions about Obama . Asked how the trip could be deemed nonpolitical when his campaign organized and executed it , McCain said the visit took place in the middle of campaigning and he did n't want taxpayers to pay for it . Meanwhile , a new CNN "  poll of polls " released Friday evening shows Obama leading McCain by 6 percentage points , 46 percent to 40 percent . The national general election "  poll of polls " consists of three surveys : Newsweek  June 18-19  , Gallup tracking  June 16-19  and Fox News/Opinion Dynamics  June 17-18  . The poll of polls does not have a sampling error . CNN 's Dana Bash , Ed Hornick , Peter Hamby , Alexander Marquardt and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Obama blasts McCain , Bush offshore oil policy at a stop in Florida Obama , Sen. Hillary Clinton will campaign together next week Sen. John McCain touts U.S.-Canada ties , including energy policy , NAFTA CNN "  poll of polls " shows Obama leading McCain by 6 percentage points
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The recent convictions of Pakistan cricketers Salman Butt , Mohammad Asif and Mohammad Amir brings to an end this sad chapter on corruption , however , the full story will continue as names of other players were also mentioned during the trial ; they will be investigated and further action may also be taken . Butt , Asif and Amir sold themselves for a relatively modest amount of money and in the process destroyed their careers and brought cricket and Pakistan into disrepute . The fact that three players , possibly more , were involved is worrying ; none of them considered that what they were doing was not only wrong but also dishonest and illegal . In Pakistan , where cricket provides a welcome distraction from the internal security threats and the terrible natural disasters the country has faced in recent years , there is a sense of outrage and anger at being let down by people who were role models for hundred of thousands of fans . I believe that the convictions for the players were correct . In addition to the jail sentences and fines they have all been banned for five years from any form of cricket . I do feel sorry for teenager Amir ; while I am not convinced that he was coerced or pressurized , he was naive and in all probability did not fully appreciate what he was doing or its consequences due to his background and education . Butt and Asif must never again play for Pakistan ; I would treat Amir 's case with more sympathy but it will be very difficult for him to get back into international cricket in five years time . I am not happy with the sentence given to agent Mazhar Majeed ; it should have been much tougher . For me the important question is how did this happen ; what lessons did we learn and what should the game do going forward ? It was very clear that the three players did not understand the ethos of the game or what the spirit of cricket means . They also callously ignored the ICC Code of Conduct on corruption and matching fixing . The ICC has an excellent program for awareness and prevention of corruption ; so where did the message fail to get through ? The ICC works in partnership with every cricket board to educate the players on corruption . In this case it is clear that the Pakistan Cricket Board did not do enough . This was a major failing and the PCB should not only accept responsibility for this but undertake to ensure that it does not happen again . The team management had concerns about the players ' agent but failed to do anything about it . There had been rumors about the team 's performance in Australia before the tour to England , yet no measures were taken to tighten the controls around the players and stop outside influences from having access to them . When the News of the World broke the story , the PCB went into denial implying this was a conspiracy against the Pakistan team ; this forced the ICC to take action against the players something the PCB should itself have done . After the match fixing scandals in the late 1990s the PCB worked very hard to eradicate corruption from the game . Certainly , until 2006 when my term as President of the ICC came to an end , I was confident that the PCB and specifically its chairmen during my time , made great efforts to prevent and monitor corrupt practices in Pakistan cricket . But things have gone dreadfully wrong in the past three to four years and Pakistan cricket has paid the price of a weak governance structure . The chairman is appointed by the president of the country without a consultation process with any of the key stakeholders in the game . The PCB chairman is not accountable to anyone ; some years ago the PCB chairman also assumed the position of chief executive and downgraded the role of the CEO to chief operating officer ; this destroyed whatever little checks and balances existed within the PCB . Without a sound governance structure and professional management , corruption will remain a huge risk for Pakistan cricket . I do not believe that corruption is endemic in cricket ; almost all of the Test playing countries have a robust anti-corruption regime . During my time with the ICC I met with Paul Condon , the then chairman of the ICC Anti-Corruption Unit , for one to one briefings on corruption . He was confident that match fixing was not taking place but was not so confident about ` spot fixing ' where one or more players could be corrupted ; this was difficult if not impossible to monitor . These incidents can be avoided by the national cricket boards having a robust education program for the players ; appointing mentors from within the team to help and guide new players and having an effective anti-corruption units to monitor domestic as well as international cricket . Most of the boards already do this ; unfortunately the PCB 's anti-corruption program was not effective . The education program for the players should start when they first start playing domestic first class cricket . For its part , the ICC must engage with the governments of countries such as India , UAE and Pakistan where a very large unregulated betting industry exits . The epicenter of cricket betting is India ; hundreds of millions of dollars are bet on each match , particularly when India is playing . The ICC Anti-Corruption and Security Unit is not able to access the betting odds being offered or monitor suspicious bets being placed . Unless betting is regulated in these countries it will remain very difficult to stop players being approached . I would also like to see the ICC have the powers to carry out an annual review of the anti-corruption processes of every Test playing country ; testing the players and relevant officials through annual on-line questionnaires to assess how well they understand the ICC Code of Conduct on corruption . Where players get low scores the ICC should have the authority to require the player 's board to take remedial action and re-training of the board 's officials in-charge of educating the players . In case of extreme failure on the part of a board to demonstrate that it has a robust anti-corruption program , the country should be suspended from international cricket until the ICC Board is satisfied that the particular country has put a robust anti-corruption regime in place . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ehsan Mani .	The convictions of three Pakistani cricketers is not the end of the story Other players names were mentioned in the trial and they will also be investigated The Pakistan Cricket Board should accept full responsibility for what has happened
Monrovia , Liberia  CNN  -- The general and his soldiers have spent more than a decade at war in Iraq and Afghanistan but this could be one of their toughest battles yet . Their enemy this time is not soldiers or militants . It is Ebola -- invisible and killing thousands in Liberia . Maj. Gen. Darryl Williams , the commander of U.S. Army Africa who is leading the advance team into Liberia , says the mandate here -- straight from President Barack Obama -- is different from other missions . "  We were brought in to provide our unique capabilities and fill the gaps , " the two-star general says . In other words , Williams and his troops are here in a supporting role and not a leading one . Fight ready But Williams -- who still remembers his college game when he tackled American Football Hall of Famer Dan Marino -- also looks and sounds like he 's ready for this fight . As two Osprey military aircraft appear on the horizon , signalling the opening of an air bridge from Senegal that will put more U.S. troops on the ground in Liberia , Williams ca n't contain his excitement . "  You want to know where the U.S. military is ? It 's right here , " the general says , pointing skyward . But tackling Ebola is a tough task and six months after the start of the unprecedented outbreak , critics say the international response continues to be woefully slow . At Liberian government-run Ebola care units , overcrowding has forced patients to sleep on the floors and many healthcare workers who say they 've gone weeks since their last pay checks are now threatening to strike . "  There is no question in my mind that we are making an impact , " the U.S. unit 's chief medical officer , Colonel Jim Czarnik says . "  It is about doing it quickly but you do n't want to sprint to failure . " Game changer Czarnik points to four recently opened Ebola testing labs , run by military personnel that are already making a difference . Thanks to one lab in Bong County , patients now wait hours , not days to get test results . This means patients who test negative spend less time in isolation with those that test positive . "  It 's a game changer , " says Sean Casey , project manager at a care center run by the International Medical Corps charity that sits just minutes down the road from the U.S. Naval laboratory . "  Patients were afraid at one point of coming to an Ebola treatment unit because they were afraid of becoming infected . Now that we have the lab , patients can get the results back within hours . " But there are just four labs in a country where nearly 1,000 cases of Ebola have been confirmed . As Williams inspected the construction of the Monrovia Medical Unit , a facility specifically for infected health workers to be run by U.S. government health teams , a crowd of local residents monitors progress from just across the road . "  While we 'll do a lot of tangible things -- we 'll build this hospital , we 'll build the Ebola treatment units , provide these labs -- there 's a lot of intangible nature to this fight , " he said . You want to give people the resilience , the hope that they can fight this thing and see this through . " His U.S. Army Africa advance team is tiny compared to the 101st Airborne that will be replacing them in the coming weeks . President Obama has authorized up to 4,000 troops to West Africa and since mid-September the few hundred soldiers , sailors and airmen and women in Liberia have been laying the groundwork to make sure that larger force has the housing , medical and logistics in place when they begin to arrive . "  Soldiers are used to moving toward the sounds of the guns . These are the loudest guns that the world has heard in a long time . "  There is no better fight worth fighting then the one in Liberia right now , " says Czarnik . Complete coverage on Ebola	U.S. military advance force building facilities to battle Ebola One lab speeds up diagnosis Another facility will treat stricken healthcare workers in Liberia Air bridge with Senegal opens to bring in more troops
Washington  CNN  They 're carrying out sporadic terror attacks on police , have threatened attacks on government buildings and reject government authority . A new intelligence assessment , circulated by the Department of Homeland Security this month and reviewed by CNN , focuses on the domestic terror threat from right-wing sovereign citizen extremists and comes as the Obama administration holds a White House conference to focus efforts to fight violent extremism . Some federal and local law enforcement groups view the domestic terror threat from sovereign citizen groups as equal to -- and in some cases greater than -- the threat from foreign Islamic terror groups , such as ISIS , that garner more public attention.â $ ` The Homeland Security report , produced in coordination with the FBI , counts 24 violent sovereign citizen-related attacks across the U.S. since 2010 . ISIS burned up to 40 people alive in Iraq , official says The government says these are extremists who believe that they can ignore laws and that their individual rights are under attack in routine daily instances such as a traffic stop or being required to obey a court order . They 've lashed out against authority in incidents such as one in 2012 , in which a father and son were accused of engaging in a shootout with police in Louisiana , in a confrontation that began with an officer pulling them over for a traffic violation . Two officers were killed and several others wounded in the confrontation . The men were sovereign citizen extremists who claimed police had no authority over them . Among the findings from the Homeland Security intelligence assessment : "  Sovereign citizen  violence during 2015 will occur most frequently during routine law enforcement encounters at a suspect 's home , during enforcement stops and at government offices . " The report adds that "  law enforcement officers will remain the primary target of  sovereign citizen  violence over the next year due to their role in physically enforcing laws and regulations . " The White House has fended off criticism in recent days for its reluctance to say the words "  Islamist extremism , " even as the conference this week almost entirely focused on helping imams and community groups to counteract the lure of groups like ISIS . Absent from the White House conference is any focus on the domestic terror threat posed by sovereign citizens , militias and other anti-government terrorists that have carried out multiple attacks in recent years . An administration official says the White House is focused on the threat from all terrorists , including from sovereign citizen and other domestic groups . "  I do n't think it 's fair to say the  White House  conference did n't address this at all , " the official said , adding that President Barack Obama addressed the need to combat "  violent ideologies " of all types . An official at the Justice Department , which is leading the administration 's counter-radicalization effort , says many of the tactics aimed at thwarting radical Islamic recruitment of young people can also be used to fight anti-government extremist groups . While groups like ISIS and al Qaeda garner the most attention , for many local cops , the danger is closer to home . A survey last year of state and local law enforcement officers listed sovereign citizen terrorists , ahead of foreign Islamists , and domestic militia groups as the top domestic terror threat . The survey was part of a study produced by the University of Maryland 's National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism . In 2013 , a man who held anti-government views carried out a shooting attack on three Transportation Security Administration employees at Los Angeles International Airport , killing one TSA officer . Last year , a couple killed two police officers and a bystander at a Las Vegas Walmart store . Mark Potok , senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center , said that by some estimates , there are as many as 300,000 people involved in some way with sovereign citizen extremism . Perhaps 100,000 people form a core of the movement , he said . The federal government 's focus on the domestic groups waxes and wanes , Potok said , in part because the threat from foreign groups like al Qaeda and its affiliates . Potok says sovereign citizen groups have attracted support because of poor economic conditions . Some groups travel the country pitching their ideology as a way to help homeowners escape foreclosure or get out of debt , by simply ignoring the courts and bankruptcy law . The Homeland Security report 's focus on right-wing terrorists is a subject that garnered political controversy for the Obama administration in the past . In 2009 , a Homeland Security report on possible recruitment of military veterans by right-wing militia groups prompted an outcry from veterans groups . The report was produced by staff members during the Bush administration but was n't published until then Homeland Security Janet Napolitano had taken office . Napolitano criticized her own agency for the report .	Intelligence assessment focuses on domestic terror threat from right-wing sovereign citizen extremists Some law enforcement groups view domestic terror threat as equal to threat from Islamic terror groups
Washington  CNN  -- Here is a roundup of the main themes President Barack Obama touched on during Tuesday 's State of the Union address : Immigration Where he stands : Obama praised his administration 's efforts at increasing border security by "  putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history , " but recognized that there is still work to be done . He specifically addressed creating a path for illegal immigrants to obtain citizenship and fixing the legal immigration system by cutting waiting periods and reducing bureaucracy . What he said : "  Send me a comprehensive immigration reform bill in the next few months , and I will sign it right away . " CNN Fact Check : Illegal border crossings at lowest levels in 40 years Gun Control Where he stands : "  They deserve a vote . " Obama 's words about the victims of gun violence echoed in the House Chamber , summing up the president 's stance on gun control . Obama called for a congressional vote on a series of gun control measures , including background checks in all gun sales and the prevention of anyone buying guns for resale to criminals . Obama 's emotional plea might lead to vote on guns What he said : "  Senators of both parties are working together on tough new laws to prevent anyone from buying guns for resale to criminals . Police chiefs are asking our help to get weapons of war and massive ammunition magazines off our streets , because these police chiefs , they 're tired of seeing their guys and gals being outgunned . Each of these proposals deserves a vote in Congress . " "  They deserve -- they deserve a simple vote . " 5 things we learned from the State of the Union Climate change Where he stands : Obama recognized the extreme shifts in climate over the past 15 years and advocated a transition to more sustainable and environment-friendly sources of energy , such as wind and solar , in order to reduce America 's dependence on oil . Obama also proposed the creation of an Energy Security Trust dedicated to shifting our cars and trucks off oil . What he said : "  We can choose to believe that Superstorm Sandy , and the most severe drought in decades , and the worst wildfires some states have ever seen were all just a freak coincidence . Or we can choose to believe in the overwhelming judgment of science and act before it 's too late . " "  I urge this Congress to pursue a bipartisan , market-based solution to climate change , like the one John McCain and Joe Lieberman worked on together a few years ago . But if Congress wo n't act soon to protect future generations , I will . " CNN Fact Check : Wind energy breezes into the record books Minimum Wage Where he stands : What is one thing Obama and Mitt Romney agreed on last year ? Minimum wage . Obama recommended raising the federal wage to $ 9 an hour to help working families . What he said : "  Here 's an idea that Gov. Romney and I actually agreed on last year . Let 's tie the minimum wage to the cost of living , so that it finally becomes a wage you can live on . " "  We know our economy 's stronger when we reward an honest day 's work with honest wages . But today , a full-time worker making the minimum wage earns $ 14,500 a year . Even with the tax relief we 've put in place , a family with two kids that earns the minimum wage still lives below the poverty line . That 's wrong . " CNNMoney.com : The impact of $ 9 minimum wage Troop withdrawal Where he stands : Obama announced that 34,000 American troops will be withdrawn from Afghanistan by next February and promised the war in Afghanistan will be over by the end of 2014 . What he said : "  Beyond 2014 , America 's commitment to a unified and sovereign Afghanistan will endure , but the nature of our commitment will change . We are negotiating an agreement with the Afghan government that focuses on two missions : training and equipping Afghan forces so that the country does not again slip into chaos , and counterterrorism efforts that allow us to pursue the remnants of al Qaeda and their affiliates . " Opinion : Address gave foreign policy short shrift Debt & Deficit Where he stands : Obama 's plan to reduce the national debt focuses on how to avoid the sequester and continue to reduce deficits without cutting education and job training , while asking the wealthiest Americans to pay more . Obama argued that over the last few years , "  both parties have worked together to reduce the deficit by more than $ 2.5 trillion -- mostly through spending cuts " and that the government is "  halfway towards the goal of $ 4 trillion in deficit reduction . " What he said : "  To hit the rest of our deficit reduction target , we should do what leaders in both parties have already suggested , and save hundreds of billions of dollars by getting rid of tax loopholes and deductions for the well-off and well-connected . ... Now is our best chance for bipartisan , comprehensive tax reform that encourages job creation and helps bring down the deficit . " GOP 's Rubio rips Obama , says his plans will hurt middle class Medicare Where he stands : Obama took a firm stance against cutting funds for Medicare -- one of the federal government 's largest line items -- while acknowledging its contribution to the nation 's debt . Obama advocated the bipartisan Simpson-Bowles plan and offered to reduce taxpayer subsidies to prescription drug companies . What he said : "  Yes , the biggest driver of our long-term debt is the rising cost of health care for an aging population . And those of us who care deeply about programs like Medicare must embrace the need for modest reforms -- otherwise , our retirement programs will crowd out the investments we need for our children , and jeopardize the promise of a secure retirement for future generations . But we ca n't ask senior citizens and working families to shoulder the entire burden of deficit reduction while asking nothing more from the wealthiest and most powerful . " "  We 'll bring down costs by changing the way our government pays for Medicare , because our medical bills should n't be based on the number of tests ordered or days spent in the hospital . They should be based on the quality of care that our seniors receive . " State of the Union , Twitter-style Roads and Bridges Where he stands : In an effort to create more jobs in the United States and improve the nation 's infrastructure , Obama proposed a "  Fix-It First " program , to put people to work on nearly 70,000 failing bridges , as well as roads . What he said : "  Ask any CEO where they 'd rather locate and hire : a country with deteriorating roads and bridges , or one with high-speed rail and Internet , high-tech schools and self-healing power grids . The CEO of Siemens America -- a company that brought hundreds of new jobs to North Carolina -- has said that if we upgrade our infrastructure , they 'll bring even more jobs . And I know that you want these job-creating projects in your districts . " Obama keeps pressure on Republicans with jobs plan Universal Preschool Where he stands : Obama advocated for widespread enrollment in preschool , praising states like Georgia and Oklahoma that make it a priority . Enrollment in preschool , Obama says , means students grow up more likely to read and do math at grade level , graduate high school , hold a job , and form more stable families of their own . What he said : "  I propose working with states to make high-quality preschool available to every child in America . Every dollar we invest in high-quality early education can save more than $ 7 later on -- by boosting graduation rates , reducing teen pregnancy , even reducing violent crime . ... So let 's do what works , and make sure none of our children start the race of life already behind . Let 's give our kids that chance . " 5 education ideas from the State of the Union Congress Where he stands : Obama had a lot of demands for Congress on Tuesday night . He asked Congress to vote on just about every issue and called for lawmakers to work together to be more effective by successfully solving problems regardless of party divisions . What he said : "  The American people do n't expect government to solve every problem . They do n't expect those of us in this chamber to agree on every issue . But they do expect us to put the nation 's interests before party . " Obama dares Congress to get the job done Foreign policy and America 's future Where he stands : Obama 's plan for America 's future focuses on maintaining the nation 's image as a role model for freedom in the world while reducing waste and wartime spending . What he said : "  In defense of freedom , we 'll remain the anchor of strong alliances , from the Americas to Africa , from Europe to Asia . In the Middle East , we will stand with citizens as they demand their universal rights , and support stable transitions to democracy . " "  But as Americans , we all share the same proud title : We are citizens . It 's a word that does n't just describe our nationality or legal status . It describes the way we 're made . It describes what we believe . It captures the enduring idea that this country only works when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations ; that our rights are wrapped up in the rights of others ; and that well into our third century as a nation , it remains the task of us all , as citizens of these United States , to be the authors of the next great chapter in our American story . " Analysis : Obama 's vision to nudge country to the left	During Tuesday 's State of the Union address , President Obama touches on a number of issues He challenges Congress to work through differences for the good of the country He speaks emotionally about gun violence and the right to vote
CNN  -- The concept of learning through playing this week went to a whole new level . The LEGO Foundation -- the charitable arm of the LEGO Group -- has opened a school in Denmark designed to provide young children with a new , creative way to learn . The school was dreamt up by billionaire Kjeld Kirk Kristiansen , who led the LEGO Group for more than two decades and is the grandson of LEGO 's founder Ole Kirk Kristiansen . Read more : Makeblock : open source ` Lego for adults ' The International School of Billund welcomed roughly 75 students this week , aged between three and seven , for their first day of class . Read more : Seeking gender equality in LEGO world The school aims to deliver the traditional curriculum required by the Danish government alongside play-centric teaching and learning . It is based in the same town as the LEGO Group headquarters . Camilla Uhre Fog , a director at the Lego Foundation and chair of the school 's board , said the school intends to invite LEGO employees to come in for visits to teach the children , and classes may be used as a testing ground for new products and innovations . Read more : Lego Tube maps mark 150th anniversary "  We want to be a role model . Everyone has something that they can give back to children , " she said . The LEGO Foundation is looking to collaborate with the school to learn more about child development and product development , said Uhre Fog . But "  we will never compromise on education or the child 's development , " she said . Paul Hansford enrolled his son Lukas in the school 's kindergarten program this year . He said he likes that the school focuses on enquiry-based learning and English language skills . Read more : Lord of the Rings lines , as delivered by LEGO characters "  Everything we 've heard about it seems to be very positive , " he said after the first day of classes . The LEGO Foundation owns 25 % of the LEGO Group and provides support for research and teaching-related activities around the world . In 2012 , the LEGO Foundation , LEGO Charity and related family-run foundations donated roughly 148 million Danish kroner  $ 26.5 million  towards charitable initiatives . LEGO Group is the world 's third largest toy manufacturer by revenue , after Mattel and Hasbro . The Denmark-based firm is still owned by the Kirk Kristiansen family that founded it in 1932 . Last year , global sales increased by 25 % to 23.4 billion Danish kroner  $ 4.2 billion  .	The LEGO Foundation -- the charitable arm of the LEGO Group -- has opened a school in Denmark The school aims to deliver the traditional curriculum required by the Danish government with play-centric teaching The LEGO Foundation is looking to collaborate with the school to learn more about child development
CNN  -- After 60 years of waiting , Egyptians may very well find themselves with a strong , assertive Parliament . On Monday and Tuesday , millions of Egyptians spent hours in long , looping lines , waiting to cast ballots in the country 's first elections since the fall of President Hosni Mubarak . The two days of voting felt like a success , particularly because in the days leading up to the vote , Egypt seemed on the verge of implosion . Street battles in Tahrir Square had claimed more than 40 lives , as police used brute force in an attempt to subdue protesters . There was talk of postponing the vote . But elections were held as scheduled , and , surprisingly , there was neither major violence nor reports of systematic fraud or irregularities . Why , then , does the optimism that Egyptians have every right to feel remain tenuous ? Part of the attraction of voting is the release that comes from knowing who won . Here , though , delayed gratification is the order of the day . Egypt has an odd , three-round voting system , so Egyptians wo n't know the official outcome until January .  Preliminary results , though , appear to show the Muslim Brotherhood with a commanding lead . More problematic , though , is the confusion surrounding the role of Parliament . The ruling military council is hoping for a weak Parliament ; Egypt 's political parties , however , may have other plans . During political transitions , institutional roles often remain undefined and fluid , shaped by the decisions of the individuals and parties themselves . A strong Parliament depends on a critical mass of parliamentarians who believe in -- and fight for -- their institution 's power . Because Egypt is still operating under a presidential system , with the ruling military council as the executive authority , Parliament will not be able to form a government . But it will likely be able to withhold confidence from the Cabinet , oversee the budget , and pass legislation . Most importantly , the Parliament will appoint a committee to draft a new constitution . This constitution will determine the balance of powers between the executive branch and legislative branches . The Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party -- which will control a sizable plurality of seats -- supports a pure parliamentary system , with either a ceremonial president or no president at all . Some of the Brotherhood 's critics see this as a relatively transparent power grab , which it may , in fact , be . At the same time , with the real risk of a military-approved candidate winning free presidential elections , a mixed system with a powerful president comes with its own pitfalls . The real battle for Egypt may no longer be on the streets of Cairo but , rather , within its institutions . This new phase will be defined by a precarious balancing act between different power centers , each with its own distinct sources of legitimacy . The military will continue to call on its history as "  protector of the nation " and , now , "  protector of the revolution . " But the Parliament will be the only nationally elected body that can claim to represent the will of the people . If the turnout figures are indeed high , as preliminary reports indicate , then the Parliament can claim an even stronger popular mandate . This struggle for power will be just as meaningful -- and likely much more contentious -- than the elections that preceded it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shadi Hamid .	Shadi Hamid : Egypt election seems a success despite street protests the week before He says real problem looms when elected Parliament and military council vie for power He says Muslim Brotherhood wants pure parliamentary system ; this comes with pitfalls Hamid : Military wants to hold on to power , but Parliament reflects will of people , mandate
CNN  -- Two former top leaders in Cambodia 's notorious Khmer Rouge , which ruled the Southeast Asian country between 1975 and 1979 , were found guilty of crimes against humanity by a specially-convened Cambodian court Thursday . Before the verdict , only one person had been brought to justice over one of the 20th century 's great atrocities . Nuon Chea , the former Deputy Secretary of the Communist Party of Kampuchea , and Khieu Samphan , the one-time President of Democratic Kampuchea both received life sentences . Nuon Chea , 88 , known as "  Brother Number Two , " and Khieu Samphan , 83 , known as "  Brother Number Four , " were expressionless as the verdict was read . They were found guilty of the following : Crimes against humanity , of extermination , murder , political persecution , and other inhumane acts comprising forced transfer , forced disappearances and attacks against human dignity committed within the territory of Cambodia between 17 April 1975 and December 1977 . "  The chamber finds that as a consequence of the crimes of which the accused have been convicted , the civil parties and a very large number of additional victims have suffered immeasurable harm , including physical suffering , economic loss , loss of dignity , psychological trauma , and grief arising from the loss of family members and close relations , " a judge said in the ruling . The men were taken into custody after their arrest in 2007 . The defendants can appeal the judgment , and Victor Koppe , part of Nuon Chea 's defense team , indicated that they would be seeking to exercise that right . The defense team for Khieu Samphan also said they would appeal the verdict . The charges were heard in Phnom Penh in the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia  ECCC  -- a special United Nations-backed tribunal that was formed in 2006 to prosecute senior Khmer Rouge leaders and other regime figures responsible for especially heinous acts . Amnesty International welcomed the result as an important step towards justice . "  This long-awaited ruling is an important step towards justice for the victims of the Khmer Rouge period and highlights the importance of addressing impunity , " said the organization 's Deputy Asia-Pacific Director Rupert Abbott . "  But the earlier refusal of senior Cambodian government officials to give evidence , as well as allegations of political interference in other ECCC cases , is troubling and raises concerns around the fairness of the proceedings and respect for victims ' right to hear the full truth regarding the alleged crimes . " Amnesty also welcomed the court 's decision to endorse 11 reparation projects for victims . "  However , much more must also be done by the government of Cambodia towards repairing the harm suffered by victims . " A timeline of the Khmer Rouge regime and its aftermath A bloody regime The two men were senior leaders in the Khmer Rouge regime , which ruled Cambodia between 1975 and 1979 . During that time at least 1.7 million people -- about a quarter of the Cambodian population -- are believed to have died from forced labor , starvation and execution , as the movement ruthlessly executed its radical social engineering policies aimed at creating a purely agrarian society . An ongoing struggle for justice after Khmer Rouge The pair were tried in a "  hybrid " tribunal -- officially "  an ad hoc Cambodian court with international participation " -- uses both Cambodian and international judges and staff employed by the U.N. in order to ensure the trials are conducted to international standards and to mitigate against the weakness of the Cambodian legal system . "  This judgment represents an important milestone for Cambodians and victims around the world , " a joint statement from the office of the co-prosecutors read . "  For 35 years  the leaders of the regime  evaded justice for some of some of the most brutal and cruel crimes ever committed . " Around 3,500 victims participated in the trial , as witnesses giving evidence , observers and in seeking reparations . "  The trial has allowed Cambodia to reset its moral compass , which was destroyed by the accused 40 years ago , " the statement said . Until today 's conclusion , the ECCC had delivered only one verdict in its eight years of existence . In the ECCC 's Case 001 , Kaing Guek Eav , commonly known by his alias , Duch , was sentenced to life imprisonment following his 2010 convictions for war crimes , crimes against humanity , murder and torture . He was the commandant of the notorious Tuol Sleng S-21 prison in Phnom Penh , where more than 14,000 people died . The verdicts on Thursday in the case known as 002/01 was the first time that senior leaders of the regime have faced justice . Recognizing the limitations of the court , the ECCC 's Legal Communications Officer Lars Olsen told CNN : "  We ca n't prosecute everyone who committed a crime 35 years ago . That 's the nature of international justice . " Disappointment Some victims of the crimes of the regime were not satisfied by the verdict . Theary Seng , founding president of the Center for Cambodian Civic Education , told CNN that the scope of the Court , and the trial , by focusing on the forced movements , and the murder of 250 Lon Nol  the previous Prime Minister  officials and troops at Tuol Po Chrey shortly after the regime was installed was insufficient . "  Cambodia has n't got to the heart of the genocide . "  It 's a missed opportunity ... it completely missed the mark . What have we seen from $ 200 million and eight years  of the existence of the ECCC  ?  It is  really a disservice to the other Cambodian victims . " She did allow that the trial was the "  beginning of a process of healing " and that it would "  serve as a catalyst for conversations in Cambodia about our past . " Seng was just seven years old in 1978 when both her parents were killed after several months in prison . It was at a time when the leadership was , she said , in "  extreme paranoia " and even party cadres were being purged . Her mother was taken from the cell she shared with her children and other families , and "  tiptoed to her death " to avoid waking up Seng and her younger brother . "  The tragedy of my story is that it 's so common , " she said . "  It stays with us -- how can it not ? " READ MORE : See places where Cambodia 's shocking past is on show	Two top leaders of Cambodia 's 1975-79 Khmer Rouge regime found guilty of crimes against humanity Both men sentenced to life imprisonment Nuon Chea was the regime 's "  Brother No. 2 " and Khieu Samphan its "  No. 4 " The men are the first Khmer Rouge leaders ever to face justice
Editor 's note : Jordan Lorence is senior legal counsel for the Alliance Defense Fund , a nonprofit organization of Christian attorneys . He has litigated religious liberty and free speech cases since 1984 , including the Southworth case before the U.S. Supreme Court in 1999 , involving mandatory student fees at public universities , and a 2004 case that resulted in a California Supreme Court ruling that marriage licenses issued by San Francisco to same-sex couples were invalid . Jordan Lorence says Rick Warren 's views on marriage should n't bar him from Barack Obama 's inauguration . SCOTTSDALE , Arizona  CNN  -- Proponents of redefining marriage could n't wait for the new president to be sworn in before demanding that he erase from the inauguration ceremony a prominent American who disagrees with them . The target of their rhetorical bombardment is Rick Warren , the popular Christian pastor from Southern California . President-elect Barack Obama has asked Warren to give the invocation at his inauguration . Not so fast , cries Kathryn Kolbert , head of People for the American Way , an organization that claims to advance equality and freedom of speech and religion  but not for Rick Warren and those who agree with his marriage views  in a piece published on CNN.com . Warren 's grave sin ? Along with 52 percent of California voters , he supported California 's Proposition 8 , which affirmed the definition of marriage as between one man and one woman . What a radical ! Though Warren will only be praying for the country 's future  not giving a speech about marriage  , Kolbert and others are pressuring Obama to set a precedent for his administration of publicly shunning someone who supports the traditional definition of marriage . They want people like Warren silenced and ostracized for their "  hate speech , " defined today as disagreeing with their agenda to impose a redefinition of marriage on an unwilling America . Obama , to his credit , has resisted their strident demands . The attacks on Warren are the latest in a series of coercive , intimidating attacks on supporters of traditional marriage . Now , activists have ramped up their strong-arm tactics by pushing the president-elect to ban Warren from appearing at the inauguration . This is amazingly audacious , in light of the fact that on marriage , the overwhelming majority of Americans and , indeed , humanity , agrees with Warren . Americans have voted to preserve marriage in all 30 states where it has been on the ballot by an average vote of more than 65 percent . The collective experience and wisdom of every major civilization from the dawn of time agrees that societies function best and children are best protected when marriage is defined as between one man and one woman . Warren and those who agree with him want all nations to experience these benefits of marriage when it is rightly defined and consistently practiced . Ironically , Obama has repeatedly stated that he agrees "  that marriage is the union between a man and a woman . " Does Kolbert question his fitness to serve as president in light of his allegedly "  bigoted " views on marriage ? Kolbert brazenly denies that she and other activists desire to silence pastors like Warren because of their marriage views . She is indignant that Warren and others spread the "  big lie " that redefining marriage would threaten the freedom of speech and religious liberties of those who hold the view shared by the vast majority of Americans . Her argument is disarming in its pure duplicity . Part of Kolbert 's case against Warren , who she thinks should not be speaking at such an important public ceremony , is that he believes that folks like her are working to ban people like him from speaking at public ceremonies . Thus , the "  big lie " becomes an obvious truth . This is really all about ideological purity -- and purging . Are the activists proposing that no one should be permitted to speak at the inauguration if they hold beliefs on marriage contrary to hers and her ideological bedfellows ? How can publicly snubbing the influential and respected Warren advance what Kolbert calls "  the values of unity and respect ... on which President-elect Obama campaigned ? " It wo n't . But it will surely send a message to those who believe in marriage , that they will be viciously attacked for expressing , or merely believing , that marriage is defined as between one man and one woman . Ms. Kolbert provides just the latest example of how the forces of "  tolerance " and "  diversity " quickly abandon their principles of "  live and let live " when somebody disagrees with them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jordan Lorence .	Jordan Lorence : Barack Obama has asked Rick Warren to give the invocation He says activists are seeking to ban Warren from speaking because of his views Lorence says Warren 's view on marriage is the majority position in the U.S. He says Obama also believes marriage is between a man and a woman
CNN  -- Many have criticized the body mass index , or BMI , as being a poor indicator of obesity and of obesity-related health risks . Critics say BMI is too simple to be accurate , that it does n't take into account a person 's muscle mass or where the body fat is located . Americans , therefore , may be tempted to brush off the easy-to-access statistic -- and the possible need for lifestyle changes -- if they do n't like their results . Alternative methods such as waist-to-height ratios or body composition testing may be more accurate in measuring an individual 's body fat percentage . But BMI is just as good at providing information about your health risks and can be easily , reliably and cheaply used by clinicians and patients to provide a useful snapshot of how someone 's weight compares to healthy standards . Your BMI can be calculated online with a simple formula : weight in kilograms divided by height in centimeters squared . In pounds and inches this formula becomes weight in pounds divided by height in inches squared , multiplied by 703 to account for the metric conversion . A BMI between 18.5 and 24.9 indicates a normal weight ; a BMI between 25 and 29.9 indicates a person is overweight ; and a BMI of 30 or above indicates obesity . There are always exceptions to any rule , but when it comes to predicting obesity-related health risks , BMI is among the strongest predictors , regardless of what critics say . Memphis , most obese U.S. city , moving from fat to fit Even when compared with other measures such as waist circumference , waist-to-height-ratio , percent body fat , fat mass index or fat-free mass index , the science shows that BMI is just as good at predicting obesity-related health risks . My research team at the Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health examined cross-sectional measurements of height , weight , waist circumference , percent body fat , blood pressure measurements , cholesterol levels and fasting glucose levels for more than 12,000 adults using information from EHE International 's database of patients . The numbers showed that BMI is the strongest predictor of blood pressure , and the measurement is comparable to other measurements at predicting cholesterol levels . BMI also performed admirably against other measures in predicting fasting glucose levels , which are an important part of diagnosing diabetes . It 's tempting to write off BMI as overly simplistic when it delivers news about our weight and health that we do n't like . But the bottom line is that it 's time to start using this easy-to-access measure and heed its warnings about your health . If your BMI is high , chances are good it 's because you have excess fat tissue , which means you 're at risk for other health problems , including heart disease related to high blood pressure or high cholesterol , and diabetes . Instead of blindly rejecting BMI , more patients and doctors should be embracing it as a screening tool . Individuals who know they have a high BMI should talk to their doctor about what they can do to get their weight into a healthy range . Doctors should be confident in making lifestyle change recommendations based on an initial BMI measurement . By accepting reality , focusing on preventive care and heeding the warning signs of a dangerous weight , patients and doctors can work together to build healthy lifestyles , instead of treating the results of unhealthy ones . Obesity rate may be worse than we think	Doctor : Body mass index is useful snapshot of how weight compares to healthy standards A BMI between 18.5 and 24.9 indicates a normal weight Doctor 's study shows BMI is helpful in predicting obesity-related health risks
CNN  -- I promised myself that I would n't do it . I was n't going to jump in to the whole Miley Cyrus circus . No siree . The pond was full . The seats were all taken . Social media was in overdrive . And everyone 's been far too distracted . I , for one , was not about to enter the twerkosphere . But dang , it 's like a train wreck , is n't it ? Candidly , I have n't been all that bad . Honest . But I have kept up to speed on many of the conversations taking place . Shame on Miley . Shame on her parents . Shame on MTV . Shame on censors . Shame on people who are shaming people . Shame , shame , shame . But the one person who seems to have flown under the shame radar is Miley 's partner in debauchery , Robin Thicke . As a dad and husband in this story , it seems to me he should be held as accountable -- if not more -- for this ridiculous national spectacle and its aftermath as a 20-year-old girl . Let 's rewind : I actually saw the performance . Our television -- which is usually on ESPN -- was uncharacteristically tuned to MTV the other night so my 17-year-old son and I could watch what we heard was going to be a pretty awesome Justin Timberlake performance . Well , we enjoyed the JT treat . And , yup , we also got more of Miley than we bargained for . Outraged parents : Why Miley Cyrus ' performance sets girls and women back Sure , from my middle-aged vantage point , it was gross , inappropriate , and downright offensive . But let 's be honest , so much of what our kids are exposed to is just that . Everywhere . And if you think otherwise , take an inventory of advertising , television shows , music lyrics , teen magazines , social media and virtually everything associated with the Internet . I 'm not condoning or supporting it . But I do accept it as a reality . I 've also come to believe there are gray areas -- or to use Miley 's performing partner , Robin Thicke 's words , blurred lines -- in life . Especially when we 're tempted to pass judgment on others . There 's especially a lot of those fuzzy areas with kids as they navigate their way to adulthood . Maybe that 's why I 'm more forgiving and understanding of Miley than others . She 's 20 . In my book , that still makes her a kid . I have two of my own around her age . To me , she 's just one of the gang . Miley Cyrus upholds MTV VMAs tradition I 've spent a lot of time around teens and young adults in my life . And many of them make crazy mistakes along the way . They say ignorant things . They do things that they 'll regret . But , as best as I can tell , they usually turn out fine . My kids were glued to Miley 's Hannah Montana years and I think she 's one incredibly talented person . Even some of her new stuff is fine . Is she going overboard with this apparent mission to prove she 's an adult ? Seems so . But who I am to judge ? As a dad , I can only hope she finds her way through her own blurred lines and gets to the other side healthy . And a little wiser . But I do believe there are other places in life where the lines are black and white . Just like the stripes on Mr. Thicke 's fun costume the other night . And , truthfully , I think he 's the one that crossed a line . A big thick one . It 's the line that says while we can have fun , men must know the difference between respect and disrespect when it comes to how we treat women . I find it ironic that so many people talk about how Miley will look back on all this with embarrassment in the future . I do n't know if that will ever happen . And I do n't know that I care . If Miley Cyrus outrages you , do n't watch But I do care that Mr. Thicke  who I also think is an awesome artist  seems to have abdicated his responsibility  as a man -- not a celebrity  to model respectable behavior towards women . He 's 36 . He 's a dad . And I 'm guessing he 's a pretty dandy dad and husband . I mean , come on , his own father was Jason Seaver of "  Growing Pains " ! I 'm not an MTV producer , but I 'm pretty confident Mr. Thicke knew exactly how that performance was going to go down . Foam fingers , package grabbing , twerking , Miley backing herself into his hips like he was an open garage door , and the rest of the mess . He 's a man . He 's a dad . Just like the rest of us . And we all owe it to our kids to act and show them where the blurred lines go away . And a special note to my 17-year-old son : I know we both rolled our eyes the other night when we watched Miley . It was pretty awkward to see her act that way . We all do dumb things and I hope you know I 'll always give you plenty of room to make mistakes and find your way to adulthood . As you can guess , I 'd appreciate it if you kept from anything involving twerking on national television . And please limit your use of foam fingers to sporting events . But if I ever see or hear of you crossing that very real line about how to treat a woman -- or any human being for that matter -- do n't expect such open-mindedness from me . There 's no such thing as a blurred line when it comes to respect . As your dad , I take that one very seriously .	Miley Cyrus bore the brunt of public outcry after a salacious VMA performance Her singing partner during the show , Robin Thicke , has n't faced as much scrutiny Fatherhood writer Jim Higley says that as a man , Thicke dropped the ball Higley says as a husband , father and human Thicke should have had more respect
CNN  -- The UK 's highest selling newspaper may be embarking on a giant cover up -- much to the delight of its critics -- and putting an end to a tradition opponents see as sexist and outdated . The Sun 's topless model on Page 3 has been a tradition since the 1970s . A photo of a bare-breasted young woman along with a corny caption was the newspaper 's way of giving its largely male readers a break from the often depressing news of the day . Page 3 quickly became part of The Sun 's brand , making the transition from black and white photos to color , then onto the paper 's website . Page 3 models often support The Sun 's campaigning journalism and are taken on tours to meet serving military . Nudity in newspapers is not the exclusive domain of The Sun . The press and advertising campaigns will often use flesh to draw in the eyeballs in parts of Europe . But now The Sun 's owner Rupert Murdoch -- in one tweet -- has raised the specter of a world without Page 3 . Murdoch said : " @Kazipooh page three so last century ! You maybe right , do n't know but considering . Perhaps halfway house with glamorous fashionistas . " Murdoch later tempered this , saying it was the editor 's call . But it was music to the ears of campaigners at "  No More Page Three . " The campaign was started by Lucy Holmes when she realized the day after Jessica Ennis won Olympic gold in the heptathlon for Great Britain last summer "  the largest female image in The Sun was of a young woman showing her breasts . " On April 1 , it had 88,000 signatures supporting an end to Page 3 . The Sun sells 2.28 million copies a day and has many more readers as each copy sold is read by friends or family . A spokesperson for News International said : "  In a YouGov survey commissioned last October almost two thirds of Sun readers voted to keep the Page 3 format and notably it has more than seven million readers daily of which 45 per cent are female . It remains the UK 's biggest selling newspaper which means its formula -- brilliant journalism , entertainment , outstanding sports writing -- and Page 3 , is working . " The YouGov survey also found readers of most of the other national papers were more likely to favor an end to the Sun 's Page 3 . Meanwhile , the UK media landscape is changing after the Leveson Inquiry into phone hacking . Sun staffers have been arrested , its sister paper The News of the World was closed by Murdoch and codes of conduct are being imposed on the media . The emphasis is on ethics , and that might not sit well on Page 3 . One anti-Page 3 campaigner , Laura Ashton , told CNN : "  It 's exploitative , it 's from the 1970s , and the girls back then were very young they were putting in the newspaper . They 're not much older now . But it really feels very outdated , that kind of sexism . " Others have tried before . Clare Short was a leading Labour Party MP when in 1986 she tried unsuccessfully to push through legislation that would have outlawed topless models in newspapers . In 2007 , Short tried again , only for The Sun to launch a "  Hands Off Our Page 3 " campaign with models being driven by bus to pose outside to the former MP 's home . In the UK , topless and nude model magazines are largely restricted to the top shelves of stores where children ca n't reach them . Only a couple of newspapers containing nudity are put on bottom shelf . Elsewhere in Europe , different standards apply in different markets with topless models used on advertising hoardings for everything from soap to sweaters . Some of the UK 's Page 3 models have used their exposure as launchpad for other careers . Sam Fox , perhaps the best-known of them , had a string of pop hits . And Linda Lusardi , another pin-up of the 1980s , became an actress in long-running UK shows like "  The Bill " and "  Emmerdale . " But even Lusardi , voted by Sun readers in 2005 as the best Page 3 girl ever , said : "  It 's time for it to go . I really think things have moved on so far with the internet and with everything else that I do n't feel that we really need that in our national newspapers anymore . "	Campaigners hope UK 's biggest newspaper will stop publishing topless model photos Rupert Murdoch , owner of The Sun , tweeted the Page 3 girl might be outdated Even one former model now says it is time for Page 3 to end The Sun uses its models in journalism campaigns and marketing
CNN  -- Ryan Lochte won the United States ' first gold medal at the London Olympics with an outstanding performance in Saturday 's 400m individual medley . Swimming superstar Michael Phelps , who has 14 Olympic gold medals from his three previous Olympics , could only manage fourth place in a disappointing performance . "  I think I am in shock right now . Going into these Games I knew I was capable of getting the win . I 'm happy that I was able to do that , " said Lochte . The rivalry between Lochte and Phelps has dominated the build up to this year 's swimming competition , but Phelps could n't live up to the hype as he struggled to find the form that helped him win eight golds in eight days at the 2008 Beijing Olympics . With First Lady Michelle Obama in attendance , Lochte , the current Fina male swimmer of the year , dominated the race from the start . The six-time Olympic medal winner , including three golds , opened up an early lead and never looked liked being caught in the race that combines four different strokes . Phelps has n't missed out on a medal since finishing fifth in the 200m butterfly at the 2000 Sydney Olympics , but he ends day one empty handed after finishing behind surprise medal winners Thiago Pereira and Kosuke Hagino . "  It was just a crappy race . They swam a better race than me , they swam a smarter race than me and that is why they are on the podium , " said Phelps , who is scheduled to compete in seven events at the Games . "  It 's just really frustrating to start off on a bad note like this , it 's pretty upsetting . " "  The biggest thing now is to try and get past this and move forward . I have a bunch of races and hopefully we can finish this a lot better than we started . Brazilian Pereira won his first Olympic medal , having previously competed at the 2004 Athens and 2008 Beijing Olympics . Japanese Kosuke Hagino , a 17 year old , won the 200m individual medley at last year 's Fina junior World Championships and was n't expected to even reach the final in London .	Ryan Lochte wins gold in the 400m individual medley 14 time Olympic gold medal winner Phelps finishes a disappointing fourth Brazilian Thiago Pereira claims silver , Kosuke Hagino takes bronze for Japan
Washington  CNN  -- A Washington-based imam told CNN on Monday that alleged Fort Hood shooter Nidal Malik Hasan approached him for help finding a wife . Imam Yahya Hendi , the Muslim chaplain at Georgetown University , said Hasan came to him at least two years ago as the cleric conducted services at Bethesda Naval Hospital in Maryland . "  He said he wanted someone to help him serve , deploy and be understandable and understanding of his own military career , " Hendi said . "  He saw himself as someone ... continuing his service with the U.S. military till the end of his career . " The imam said he spoke with Hasan on at least two occasions about his search for a spouse . "  It 's not easy to find , in general , someone who will be willing to travel with you and deploy with you every two years , " Hendi said . "  But he did want a wife who would stand by him , is -LSB- a -RSB- loyal American , who will help him do his work and his service for the U.S. military . " The imam 's comments about Hasan 's search for someone who would remain with him throughout his military career were at odds with some statements by Hasan 's family . Relatives have said Hasan tried unsuccessfully to leave the military early -- requests that may have come after Hasan contacted Hendi . The cleric said he did try to help Hasan in his search , thinking of women he knew to whom he could introduce the Army psychiatrist , but he never heard from Hasan again . Authorities say Hasan opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood Army Post on November 5 , killing 13 people . Hasan , who was seriously wounded in the incident , was charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder -- charges that make him eligible for the death penalty . Two other imams have told CNN similar stories about Hasan 's search for a wife , and about his conservatism and apparent devotion to Islam -- but those accounts seem to be inconsistent with behavior Hasan exhibited in the last few months . The manager of a strip club near Fort Hood has told reporters that Hasan visited the club a handful of times , staying for several hours each time . "  You know , for me , everything that he did is against the teachings of Islam . Killing fellow soldiers , fellow citizen men and women , the shooting , the bloodshed , speaks of someone who did not understand his faith very well . Islam is against going to strip clubs , but it 's also against killing fellow citizens , " Hendi told CNN . When taken as a whole , Hasan 's actions in the weeks before the attack at Fort Hood -- the giving away of his possessions , his sometimes conservative dress in white Muslim clothing , and his previous defense of suicide bombings during presentations to classmates -- seem to be those of someone who was preparing for his own death , said CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen . "  I think what he was doing was sort of a jihadist ` death-by-cop , ' " said Bergen , who based his observations on news reports about Hasan . "  Here 's a guy who obviously had personal problems . He 's a loner , he avoids women basically , has few friends , and then grafted onto that , he finds sort of a jihadist ideology as a way of making sense of everything , and he decides to martyr himself . " Bergen and other experts say Hasan could be someone who engaged in what they call "  self-radicalization " : the idea that militant religion might provide an answer to psychological problems that someone already has . Hasan remained hospitalized in Texas , paralyzed from the waist down , his lawyer said . He was shot by a civilian police officer , who was also wounded in the attack .	Imam : Nidal Malik Hasan wanted wife who could deal with his military career Yahya Hendi is third imam to tell CNN Hasan asked for help finding wife Manager of strip club tells reporters Hasan visited there several times Hendi says strip club visits violate Islam -- and so does "  killing fellow citizens "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- An online petition demanding a formal apology from the British government for its treatment of World War II code-breaker Alan Turing is gaining momentum . A portrait of Alan Turing is currently on display at the National Portrait Gallery 's "  Gay Icons " exhibition . Turing was subjected to chemical castration in 1952 after being found guilty of the charge of gross indecency for having a homosexual relationship , an illegal act at the time . He committed suicide two years later . More than 19,000 people have added their names to the petition on the UK Government Web site since it opened three weeks ago , urging the government to "  recognize the tragic consequences of prejudice that ended this man 's life and career . " The petition was created by computer scientist John Graham-Cumming , who said he grew "  mad " at the country 's memory of a man he says should be considered one of its national heroes . "  I 'm looking for an apology from the British government because that 's where I think the wrong was done . But Turing is clearly someone of international stature , " Graham-Cumming said . Turing was best known for inventing the Bombe , a code-breaking machine that deciphered messages encoded by German Enigma machines during World War II . The messages provided the Allies with crucial information from the British government 's code-breaking headquarters in Bletchley Park where Turing worked full-time during the war . He was considered a mathematical genius and went on to develop the Turing machine , a theory that automatic computation can not solve all mathematical problems , which is considered the basis of modern computing . However , to avoid a custodial sentence for gross indecency Turing agreed to undergo chemical castration . He was injected with estrogen , an experience that is widely believed to have led to his suicide just two years later . Turing was just 41 when he ended his life by eating an apple laced with cyanide . Graham-Cumming has not yet received a response from the British government to his request for an apology , nor has he received a reply from Queen Elizabeth II to whom he wrote last week asking that Turing be considered for a posthumous knighthood . "  There is no doubt in my mind , " he wrote , "  that if Turing had lived past age 41 his international impact would have been great and that he likely would have received a knighthood while alive . " Graham-Cumming 's efforts to draw attention to Turing 's life has attracted an international response . "  This morning I woke up to an inbox stuffed full of e-mails and blog postings from around the world on Turing , and many people were saying ` it 's a pity I ca n't sign the British petition , ' " he said . The main online petition is only open to British citizens . Supporters have set up a second international petition which has attracted more than 5,000 signatures . Graham-Cumming is not fazed . "  My focus is really on Britain at the moment because I think that is where the greatest need is , but I 'm very happy for anyone in the world to know about Alan Turing . " High-profile signatories to the petition include author Ian McEwan , evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins , and gay rights campaigner Peter Tatchell . Graham-Cumming said if the government would not extend an apology , "  the least it could do is to put Bletchley Park on a sound financial footing in Turing 's name . " Earlier this year , the center 's supporters created their own online petition urging the government to "  save Bletchley Park . " The site receives no external funding and has been turned down for funds by the UK National Lottery , and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation . The government replied to the petition last week saying that , while it "  agrees that the buildings on the Bletchley Park site are of significant historic importance and , although recognizing the excellent work being carried out there , at present it has no plans , nor the resources , to extend its sponsorship of museums and galleries beyond the present number . " Simon Greenish , director of the Bletchley Park Trust , said : "  The work that Turing did during the war has never really been properly recognized and this is an opportunity -LSB- for the government -RSB- to do that . " He said the government had also failed to recognize the contribution of Bletchley Park to the war effort : "  What went on in those buildings was absolutely vital to the outcome of World War II . " The center receives more than 100,000 visitors a year and is staffed mainly by volunteers . A portrait of Turing is currently on display at the National Portrait Gallery in London , as part of its "  Gay Icons " exhibition . He was one of the six personal icons selected by contributor Chris Smith , Britain 's first openly gay Member of Parliament .	More than 19,000 people sign petition calling for apology for Alan Turing Turing best known for creating machine to decode German Enigma messages Found guilty of gross indecency in 1952 , committed suicide two years later Campaigner : "  Turing is clearly someone of international stature "
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A 13-year-old Chinese girl tried to commit suicide because she wanted her family to donate her liver to her cancer-stricken father , state media reported Thursday . The girl , Chen Jin , swallowed more than 200 sleeping pills after she discovered a medical note in her mother 's purse that said her father was dying of liver cancer and had three months left to live , the news agency Xinhua said . Jin 's mother returned home after visiting her husband in the hospital to find the front door locked . The mother climbed in through a back window and found two empty bottles of sleeping pills . "  Mom , I 'm sorry I could n't stay with you any longer , " read a note that the teen had left next to her . "  Please give my liver to dad and save him after my death . " The incident occurred January 24 in Jiangsu province in east China . The teen was taken to the same hospital as her father , where she remains in intensive care , drifting in and out of consciousness , Xinhua said . Doctors say that even if she pulls through , she will need surgery for burns she suffered from an electric blanket on her bed when she lost consciousness , the China Daily newspaper said . According to Chinese media reports , the family -- whose monthly income is about 1,000 yuan  $ 146  -- has already spent nearly 100,000 yuan  $ 14,600  in medical expenses since the father was diagnosed with cancer more than a month ago . The mother , who is also in poor health , retired early more than eight years ago . The woman told China Daily she is now trying to keep her husband from learning of their daughter 's desperate act of love .	A 13-year-old Chinese girl tried to commit suicide to save her cancer-stricken father Girl swallowed more than 200 sleeping pills when she learned of father 's liver cancer The teen remains in intensive care , drifting in and out of consciousness
CNN  -- The maternal grandmother of a 7-month-old Florida girl found hidden in a small cedar box under her baby sitter 's bed says her daughter , who was charged in the case , is troubled and needs help . Police think Chrystina Lynn Mercer gave Shannon Lee Dedrick to the sitter -- who is the baby 's paternal aunt , Susan Baker -- and 10 hours later reported the girl missing . "  As confused as Tina is , I have to tell you , she has emphatically stated that she did not and would not ever harm her child , " Mercer 's mother , Kandis Boyer , said Thursday on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " Without elaborating , Boyer said she thinks her daughter "  was manipulated into this situation . " Baker , whose home Shannon was found in , was also charged in connection with the incident , Washington County Sheriff Bobby Haddock has said . The baby is in protective custody with the state and is in good health despite her ordeal , according to Boyer , who says she drove nearly 900 miles in 14 hours from Texas to Florida when Shannon disappeared . According to Haddock , Baker took custody of Shannon from her mother on Saturday . Boyer said her daughter told her she only let Baker care for the child , nothing more . Asked why Mercer reported the child missing to police , Boyer said she did not know . Boyer said her daughter has said "  so many different things " and that "  she seems to be very confused . That 's what I 've gathered from talking to her myself since I have been here from Texas . " She said her daughter has had counseling over the years , and "  she 's going to get the help she needs now . " Clothes and baking powder to hide the smell of soiled diapers were found inside the 2-foot-by-3-foot box . Shannon had been inside the box for about half a day before authorities found her late Wednesday , but she might have been in and out of the box for several days , investigators said .	7-month-old Florida girl reported missing , found in small box under baby sitter 's bed Police say mom gave baby to sitter , who is baby 's paternal aunt Mom , aunt both charged in case ; baby in state custody Mother "  seems to be very confused , " baby 's grandmother says
CNN  -- Barcelona will meet arch-rival Real Madrid in the semifinal of the Copa del Rey after Leo Messi fired the Catalans past Malaga Thursday . The Argentina international scored his 40th goal of the season as Barca claimed a 4-2 win to prevail 6-4 on aggregate and set up two more ` El Clasico ' games . It will give Barcelona , which is top of La Liga , the opportunity to avenge its defeat by Jose Mourinho 's men in the 2010 final . Messi and Ronaldo ensure honors shared in 222nd El Clasico With Real trailing Barca by 15 points in the league , Mourinho will be desperate to regain the trophy which Pep Guardiola lifted in his final game in charge at the Camp Nou last season . But if the current Spanish champions are to triumph , they will have to stop Messi and his accomplices , who continue to prosper despite the absence of coach Tito Vilanova . Vilanova , who is undergoing treatment for cancer , left deputy Jordi Roura in charge , but it made little difference as Barca continued its hot streak . The statistics are frightening . Barcelona have now scored 100 goals in its 34 goals this season . It is the fourth year in succession that Messi has reached the 40-goal mark , while his late header also made it 23 goals in his past 15 starts . With the tie level at 2-2 going into the second leg , Barcelona made the perfect start when Pedro headed home after just eight minutes . Messi leads Barcelona to new record But Malaga fought back and Joaquin equalized four minutes later with a neat finish following wonderful interplay . Although far from its fluent best , Barcelona picked up in the second half and Gerard Pique netted four minutes after the interval only for Roque Santa Cruz to pull Malaga level once again . But Barca continued to look threatening and a wonderful flowing move ended with Cesc Fabregas threading the ball through for Andres Iniesta to stroke home . There was still time for Messi 's customary goal , running through the middle to head home Dani Alves ' cross from close-range and kill off any hopes of a Malaga comeback . More than a game : Austerity gives El Clasico new twist In the night 's other game , Atletico Madrid booked its place in the last four with a 1-1 draw at Real Betis to progress 3-1 on aggregate . Diego Costa put Atletico ahead on the stroke of halftime with Jorge Molina scoring from the penalty spot late on . Atletico will now face Sevilla in the semifinal . Bilbao forward Llorente opens talks with Juventus Meanwhile , Italian champion Juventus confirmed the signing of Spain forward Fernando Llorente . The 27-year-old , who will arrive in Turin on July 1 when his current deal with Athletic Bilbao expires , has signed a four-year contract . A statement from the club said : "  Juventus can confirm that Spanish international striker Fernando Llorente will join the club on 1 July 2013 . "  The 27-year-old has agreed terms on a four-year deal and will move to Turin when his Athletic Bilbao contract expires at the end of the current season . " Elsewhere , AC Milan has signed defender Cristian Zaccardo from Parma in a deal which has seen Djamel Mesbah go the other way .	Barcelona will play Real Madrid in the semifinal of the Copa del Rey Barca defeated Malaga 4-2 on the night to prevail 6-4 on aggregate Leo Messi scores 40th goal of the season to cap victory Atletico Madrid progress to meet Sevilla in last four
The twin brothers who lost their HGTV show after a recording surfaced of one 's anti-homosexuality views are surprisingly not upset at the network that fired them . Their beef is not with HGTV , but with the gay "  agenda " that "  bullied " the network , Jason and David Benham told CNN 's "  New Day " on Friday . "  I feel they got bullied , " David Benham said . "  There 's an agenda that 's out in America right now that demands silence , especially from men and women who profess Jesus Christ and hold to his standards . " Their dismissal from the show they were scheduled to host added fuel to the debate over people losing their jobs for what they say about their personal lives . It 's not a free speech issue , as both sides mostly agree that people have the right to say what they want , but a question of how severe the consequences for unpopular positions should be . HGTV was within its rights to let the Benham brothers go , but maybe it should n't have , Ellis Henican , a Newsday columnist , told "  New Day . " "  Do they have a legal right ? Yes . Should we be cheering it ? No , we should not . We ought to be big enough people that we can see people we do n't agree with , let them fix their houses , help the nice people . What are we scared of ? " Henican said . The brothers ran afoul of the network after the site Right Wing Watch published a post about the pair , labeling David Benham as an "  anti-gay , anti-choice extremist " for reportedly leading a prayer rally in 2012 outside of the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , North Carolina . The site posted a recording of Benham talking to a talk show host about "  homosexuality and its agenda that is attacking the nation " and "  demonic ideologies " taking hold in colleges and public schools . Benham also discusses the fight for North Carolina 's Amendment One , which involved a ban on same-sex marriage and civil unions in the state constitution . The Benham brothers were the planned stars of the HGTV show "  Flip It Forward , " set to premiere in October , in which they would have helped families purchase homes they otherwise could not afford . "  When the firestorm came in , we had an opportunity to speak with HG and the folks over there and explain to them who we were as people , " Jason Benham said . "  We sell to all people of all kinds , and that we would be glad to take a homosexual couple onto our show . " Peter Shankman , a branding and social media consultant , told "  New Day " that the decision probably boiled down to money . "  This is HGTV scared because they saw what happened with Paula Deen , they saw what happened with "  Duck Dynasty , " and this is a ... move to make sure that this does n't come back to bite them , " he said , referring to the controversies for offensive comments made by the stars on their respective shows . "  This is about money , " he said . "  And if you are going to come out and say something that is against a big section of the population , love it or hate it , you 're going to not have that right to give that talk , to get that show , to do whatever . " The show 's producers knew about the brothers ' views and went ahead with them as hosts until the controversy went public , the Benhams said . "  We do n't feel wronged at all . This is n't HG versus us , or us against the gay community . This is an agenda , and we 're getting to witness it right now , " Jason Benham said . Their comments have never been aimed at gays , but at an agenda that says you ca n't stand by your beliefs , Jason Benham said . "  It 's only going to get worse because there is an agenda that wants to silence the beliefs that we have , " he said .	Jason and David Benham say they are not upset at HGTV Their complaint is with what they call a gay "  agenda " Cancellation of "  Flip It Forward " fuels debate about effects of airing personal beliefs
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Investigators searched the Las Vegas home and office of Michael Jackson 's personal physician , Dr. Conrad Murray , on Tuesday morning , a Drug Enforcement Administration spokesman said . Investigators arrive at the Las Vegas , Nevada , home of Michael Jackson 's personal physician . Los Angeles police and DEA agents , carrying search warrants , were "  looking for a lot of things , " said Assistant Special Agent in Charge Mike Flanagan . Aerial cameras showed investigators leaving Murray 's home , three hours after they entered , carrying several containers . The searches came a day after a source with knowledge of the investigation confirmed to CNN that Murray administered a powerful drug that authorities believe killed the singer . Flanagan said that while he could not disclose details of the search warrants , because a judge had ordered them sealed , he confirmed they were looking for documents and computer records . Murray 's attorney , Ed Chernoff , issued a statement saying that officers from the DEA , Los Angeles police and "  various local agencies " executed a search warrant at Murray 's home and office beginning about 8 a.m.  11 a.m. ET  Tuesday . "  The search warrant authorized investigators to look for medical records relating to Michael Jackson and all of his reported aliases , " the statement said . "  Dr. Murray was present during the search of his home and assisted the officers . " Investigators left Murray 's home about noon , he said , taking cell phones and a computer hard drive . "  As of 2 p.m. , the search at Dr. Murray 's office continues , " the statement said . Murray , a Texas-based cardiologist , allegedly gave Jackson the anesthetic propofol -- commonly known by the brand name Diprivan -- in the 24 hours before he died , said the source , who asked not to be named because the individual was not authorized to speak to the news media . Watch a profile of Murray " In a statement Monday , the doctor 's attorneys said they would n't comment on "  rumors , innuendo or unnamed sources . " In the past , they have said Murray never prescribed or administered anything that could have killed Jackson . Watch CNN 's Ted Rowlands report on drug allegation " Last week , Texas authorities searched Murray 's Houston medical office and storage unit , looking for "  evidence of the offense of manslaughter , " according to court documents . Among the items removed from Murray 's office were a computer ; 27 tablets of phentermine , a prescription-strength appetite suppressant ; 1 tablet of clonazepam , an anti-anxiety medication ; and some Rolodex cards . From Murray 's storage unit , authorities removed two computer hard drives ; an "  important contact list " ; a suspension notice from Houston 's Doctor Hospital ; notices from the Internal Revenue Service ; and a laundry list of medical and hospital documents . Chernoff , a Houston lawyer hired by Murray soon after Jackson 's death , confirmed at the time that Los Angeles police detectives and federal DEA agents used a search warrant to enter Murray 's office in northeast Houston on Wednesday morning . Chernoff said members of Murray 's legal team were at the medical office during the search , which he said "  was conducted by members of the DEA , two robbery-homicide detectives from the Los Angeles Police Department and Houston Police officers . " Police have interviewed Murray twice since Jackson 's death . A third interview was scheduled for July 24 , but was postponed after the search warrants were executed . It 's unknown when the next interview will take place . Among those who have indicated that Jackson may have been using dangerous prescription medication are nutritionist Cherilyn Lee , who said Jackson pleaded for the powerful sedative Diprivan despite being told of its harmful effects . Meanwhile , the Los Angeles County coroner 's office continues to investigate the cause of Jackson 's death on June 25 . It has been waiting on toxicology lab results , but a final autopsy report is expected as soon as this week , a coroner 's spokesman has said . CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Doctor was "  present during the search of his home , " attorney says Investigators search Dr. Conrad Murray 's Las Vegas home , office Murray allegedly gave Jackson propofol in the 24 hours before death , source says Source close to family says doctor administered drug believed to have killed singer
CNN  -- At least six people have been killed in avalanches recently in the West , as the risk of snow slides remains high . Two people were killed in each of three states : Oregon , Utah and Colorado . In Oregon , two cross-country skiers were killed Tuesday in an avalanche about 10 miles northwest of Halfway , according to the Baker County Sheriff 's Office . Eight people were in their party when the snow slide hit . Besides those killed , two people were seriously injured and four escaped unharmed . The skiers were from the Seattle area and on a guided , multiday trip . In Utah , a snowmobiler and a snowshoer were killed in separate incidents over the weekend , the Utah Avalanche Center said . And in Colorado , two people were buried by large avalanches , again in separate events . One was caught by a snow slide near Kebler Pass ; the other south of the Keystone Ski Area , according to the Colorado Avalanche Information Center . The center has issued an advisory warning that avalanche conditions in the backcountry remain dangerous . "  Cautious route-finding and conservative decision-making are essential . Travel in or below avalanche terrain is not recommended , " it said . "  Veteran snow professionals are reporting triggered avalanches in well-documented avalanche paths that are breaking mature timber and behaving in surprising ways . " A 28-year-old man was buried by a triggered avalanche in northern Utah on Tuesday , the state 's Avalanche Center said . But his sledding companions managed to quickly dig him out , and he recovered on the scene . Avalanches cut off road travel to Alaskan town Video : I got lucky , avalanche skier says CNN 's Mayra Cuevas , Chandler Friedman and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : A 28-year-old man is rescued after being buried by an avalanche in Utah Two people were killed in each of three states : Oregon , Utah and Colorado A center issues an advisory warning conditions in the backcountry are still dangerous "  Cautious route-finding and conservative decision-making are essential , " it says
CNN  -- Chelsea Clinton can trace her African awakening to February 11 , 1990 , when she sat on the kitchen counter of the governor 's mansion in Arkansas and watched with her parents as Nelson Mandela walked out of prison in South Africa . Just shy of her 10th birthday , Clinton knew then that history was being made and even more , "  that the future was being born , " she told CNN before leaving this week on a nine-day , six-stop African trip with her father , former President Bill Clinton . Now she is part of that future she envisioned more than 23 years ago . The Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation is involved in myriad projects in Africa intended to help historically disadvantaged people get a chance to realize their human potential on a continent known mostly for squalor and conflict . Changing both the reality of Africa and the perception of its failed progress are important to Clinton , a self-proclaimed child of advantage raised by wildly successful and famous parents . She credits both with helping her better understand the world , quoting her father 's maxim that "  intelligence is equally distributed ; opportunity and resources are n't , " while citing travels around the world with her mother -- former U.S. Sen. and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- that always included time with women and girls in far-flung places such as Zimbabwe . "  I always got to meet girls who very much were my age and very much were experiencing different things and very similar things that I was experiencing in the United States , " she said , describing encounters that helped her realize "  how many more advantages I had by being born in late-20th century America . " It resulted in a simple but profound question that inspires her today : "  How could I not have thought about what I could do in my life to try to close the gaps that happened just by accident of where I was born ? " The answer is reflected in her work with the foundation and its various initiatives focused on health care , economic empowerment , climate change and other issues . This week 's trip begins in Malawi , where Clinton and her father will meet with President Joyce Banda and tour a Clinton Health Access Initiative clinic to visit HIV-infected patients being helped by access to less-expensive medicine . Other stops include Zambia , Tanzania , Zanzibar , Rwanda and South Africa , a regular destination on her African travels . She spent time there in 1997 with her mother on a trip that preceded her father 's historic visit a year later as the first sitting U.S. president to go to the country . Clinton and her father also visited South Africa last year as part of a similar African swing to visit foundation sites there and in Mozambique , Rwanda and Uganda . Many of the projects result from work of the Clinton Global Initiative , a kind of facilitating arm of the foundation that brings together philanthropists , corporations and others seeking to do good with projects and partners that need help . "  One of the things that we see over and over again is that so often the right constituent parts are n't really that far from one another , " she said . "  They 're just not connected or organized . " So far , CGI members have committed to projects and other participation in Africa worth $ 27.8 billion , more than a third of the initiative 's total member commitment worth $ 73 billion . Clinton will visit one of the CGI projects on Friday in Zambia , where the U.S.-based Starkey Hearing Foundation will work with local authorities to fit hearing aids for people who need them . It is part of the Starkey foundation 's plan to "  to give 1 million people hearing aids this decade to restore the gift of hearing , and to make a difference in people 's lives in new ways , " according to its website . "  It 's not giving a gift of hearing for a moment ; it 's giving the gift of hearing for a lifetime , " Clinton said of the project , which also supplies batteries and teaches people how to use and maintain the devices to "  totally transform the trajectory " of their lives . For much of the work of the foundation and the initiatives , success generally means that at some point , their help no longer will be needed , Clinton explained . For example , a coffee roasting plant in Rwanda , which she and her father will visit with Rwandan President Paul Kagame , will eventually process 3,000 tons a day to create 40 jobs while boosting the income of tens of thousands of farmers , according to the Clinton Development Initiative website . Given the nation 's troubled history , with the 1994 genocide still resonant as a symbol of African upheaval and misery , the coffee plant represents "  the next chapter in what 's been really exciting to watch unfold in Rwanda , " Clinton said .	The former president and his daughter will make six stops on a nine-day trip Chelsea Clinton 's African awakening : Nelson Mandela 's release from prison in 1990 Foundation work closes gaps between her American upbringing , rest of the world The itinerary includes HIV patients , hearing aids and a coffee-roasting plant
CNN  -- Although most Swedes would be too modest to say so themselves , Stockholm can stake a decent claim to being the capital of Scandinavia . Built on 14 islands , Stockholm seems to float on water . Built on 14 islands where Lake Mälaren meets the Baltic Sea , Stockholm is a soft-hued vision of light and water , the bewitching start to an archipelago of some 24,000 islands and islets . Sweden 's neutrality during World War II means Stockholm was spared the bombing inflicted on most European capitals ; the result is the unspoiled old town of Gamla Stan , with its winding , cobbled streets . Despite a post-war building blitz that saw the construction of some particularly uninspiring modernist architecture , it is a city where gray concrete facades are largely eschewed in favor of a smorgasbord of pastel colors , rusty reds and glowing ochres . For a capital city it 's unusually green -- not just leafy and dotted with verdant parks , but environmentally sound . Stockholm proper has a population of just 800,000 , avoiding the congestion and pollution that plague larger cities -- so much so that you can fish from , and swim in , the waters surrounding the city center . Cold and sometimes bleak during its long , dark winters , Stockholm comes alive during the summer , when the Scandinavian sun barely sets . As temperatures rise the city 's cafe culture blossoms , only for Stockholm to become a ghost town during July , when the locals make the most of their generous holiday entitlement and slip off to holiday cottages in the archipelago . But beyond its historic heart Stockholm is a progressive , evolving city . Its financial fortunes grew with the mid '90s IT boom and shrank when the dotcom bubble burst , but it remains a hotbed of technology and communications companies . Watch ABBA 's Bjorn Ulvaeus take CNN on a tour of Stockholm " Around 20 percent of the residents of greater Stockholm are of foreign descent , giving a sense of cultural diversity -- not to mention some welcome variety to the city 's thriving restaurant scene . Despite Sweden 's largely anti-EU stance , Stockholm is cosmopolitan and outward looking , with a keen eye for the latest international trends . Its shops are filled with the latest in functional , minimalist Swedish design and there are enough boutiques boasting hip New York brands and cool Swedish labels to indulge Stockholmers ' obsession with style . It 's also the city where Swedish global exports H&M and IKEA have their flagship stores . For all its picture-postcard pleasantness and progressive civic planning , Stockholm can seem a little sterile . It 's not the kind of place likely to be described as "  edgy . " Stockholmers themselves can come across as standoffish , but that 's not say that they are unfriendly -- just politely reserved . Small talk is regarded with a certain suspicion meaning the locals can be hard to get to know , but it 's amazing what a difference a couple of glasses of akvavit can make . Puritan legal regulations mean that high-alcohol drinks  that 's anything with more than 3.5 percent alcohol  are heavily taxed and can only be bought in bars and government-run "  Systembolaget " shops . The result is that a night on the town is expensive enough to make anyone teetotal , with Stockholmers often avoiding midweek drinking , saving their krona for weekend partying . But what Stockholm lacks in grit it more than makes up for in style . From its artfully designed coffee shops to the classic contours of its baroque and rococo buildings , this island city is endlessly pleasing to behold , especially when viewed from the water that flows like blood through its veins .	From artfully designed cafes to baroque buildings , Stockholm exudes cool The island city has dubbed itself the capital city of Scandinavia City blossoms in the summer when temperatures rise and sun barely sets Influx of immigrants has added new dimension to city 's gastronomic scene
London  CNN  -- "  All I can remember is being held down and the pain . I think it will haunt me forever , " the young girl told counselors . "  I try to avoid talking about what happened to me because I think people will judge me , but I 'm scared that if I do n't tell , it will happen to other girls . " What happened to the girl is genital mutilation . She 's one of more than two dozen girls to get counseling this year through Britain 's National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children , and new figures out Monday suggest what happened to her is part of a much bigger problem in England and Wales . The charity 's helpline for female genital mutilation concerns has fielded nearly 300 calls already this year , and referred an average of nearly one case a day to police or children 's services , the group said Monday . The society 's figures come on the same day that a major new report suggests there are more than twice as many women affected by or at extreme risk of female genital mutilation as previously thought in England and Wales . The report estimates that 137,000 women are affected or at risk of FGM , as the practice is called . The study is based on a new examination of 2011 United Kingdom census data , an effort to determine how many women and girls have moved to the country from places where the practice of mutilation is common . The last major report on the problem in England and Wales , in 2007 , estimated that there were 66,000 women affected in the country and 24,000 at risk . It was based on the 2001 census . There are 29 countries where FGM is practiced , mostly in Africa , according to the report from City University London and the campaign group Equality Now . The report estimates that there are an additional 60,000 girls up to 14 years old whose mothers suffered FGM . And though the report does n't say so , those girls must be considered to be at risk of it themselves . The British government is trying to fight the problem . It has issued guidelines ordering hospitals and schools to be on the lookout for signs of FGM , such as girls being taken out of school early for summer vacation for extended trips to Africa . Three out of 10 callers to the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children helpline were worried about children being taken to Nigeria , and about 16 % expressed fears for girls being taken to Somalia . Half the calls to the helpline were from professionals , including teachers and health care workers , the charity said . The charity did not name the girl it cited as it released its figures . The Department of Health has ordered hospitals to report signs of genital mutilation , but the first statistics are n't due until September . And in March , the Crown Prosecution Service launched its first effort to get convictions for FGM -- of a doctor and a person who encouraged the practice . They 're due to go on trial on January 13 , 2015 . Female genital mutilation has been specifically outlawed in England and Wales since 1985 . UNICEF estimates that at least 125 million women and girls around the world have been subjected to FGM , the "  partial or total removal of the external female genitalia or other injury to the female genital organs for non-medical reasons . " As many as 30 million girls under the age of 15 may still be at risk , UNICEF says , although the practice appears to be declining . Mutilations are normally performed by people with no formal medical training , without anesthetics , using crude instruments such as knives , scissors or razor blades , the City University study says . Experts tie it to specific ethnic groups rather than religion or country and say there 's a variety of justifications , including diminishing or controlling female sexual desire . 2013 Report : Millions of girls still at risk of female genital mutilation Woman challenges tradition , brings change to her Kenyan village	The number of people at risk is more than twice as high as previously thought , report says A children 's charity says it refers nearly one case a day to police or children 's services English prosecutors launched their first genital mutilation case this year UNICEF estimates that 125 million girls and women around the world have been mutilated
CNN  -- It 's a bad idea to deface national parks . It 's even dumber to tag your vandalism across four states and have the images go viral among vexed nature enthusiasts . But authorities have identified the woman they believe is behind graffiti at eight national parks -- 21-year-old Casey Nocket of New York state . The National Park Service did not detail how Nocket was identified or whether she had been arrested . "  Investigators continue to collect evidence of the crimes , conduct interviews and are consulting with the U.S. Attorney 's Office about potential charges , " the NPS said in a statement . "  We ask the public to exercise patience and allow due process to take its course as the investigation moves forward . " Nocket is suspected of painting images on rocks and boulders in Yosemite National Park , Death Valley National Park and Joshua Tree National Park , all in California ; Rocky Mountain National Park and Colorado National Monument , both in Colorado ; Crater Lake National Park in Oregon ; and Zion National Park and Canyonlands National Park , both in Utah . In recent weeks , photos have surfaced in online hiking forums of what appears to be a woman painting graffiti in scenic locales . The drawings includes colorful images of faces in profile and is signed with the phrase "  Creepytings 2014 . " A California hiking website , Calipidder , first reported seeing social media posts about paintings on national park land . That led Modern Hiker to post several pictures of paintings that it said are by the roaming vandal . Images of the graffiti were apparently posted on Instagram . A National Park Service representative posted on Reddit , looking for more photographic examples of the graffiti . And Redditors rallied to help . Do n't make these stupid travel mistakes Naturalists and hiking enthusiasts are taking to the web to decry the defacement of National Park land . Someone has even launched a WhiteHouse.gov petition encouraging officials to throw the book at the alleged vandal for violations of federal law . "  There are forums for artistic expression in national parks because national parks inspire artistic creativity , " the National Park Service said . "  These images are outside that forum and outside the law . " Visiting national parks could cost more Calling the graffiti in question art is too kind , art critic Ariella Budick said . "  This is appalling -- worse than graffiti , " says Budick , art critic for the Financial Times . "  I 'm not impressed by the art , but frankly , even it were Leonardo it would be wrong . " CNN 's Melonyce McAfee contributed to this report .	National Park Service : 21-year-old Casey Nocket of New York is the suspect Authorities believe she painted parts of eight national parks in four states Many of the images are signed with the phrase "  Creepytings 2014 " Naturalists have been decrying the defacement in online forums
La Paz , Bolivia  CNN  -- Incumbent Evo Morales declared victory in Bolivia 's presidential vote Sunday . Official results have not been announced , but a national exit poll placed Morales in the lead with 61 % of the votes . Victory would mean Morales , of the Movement for Socialism party , would lead the country until 2020 in his third consecutive term as President . "  We thank the Bolivian people for this new triumph , " Morales told a crowd of cheering supporters in the Bolivian capital of La Paz , vowing to make his country the energy capital of South America . "  This democratic triumph of the Bolivian people is dedicated to all the people of Latin America and of the world who fight against capitalism and against imperialism , " he said . "  This triumph , brothers and sisters , is dedicated to Fidel Castro  and  dedicated to Hugo Chavez , may he rest in peace . " Morales , 54 , is the South American country 's first indigenous President . Four other candidates were vying for Bolivia 's presidency in Sunday 's vote . As vote tallying began , analysts said that victory was likely for the leftist Latin American leader , given his performance in the polls before the election and Bolivia 's economic growth since he took office . "  The distance between Evo Morales and the rest is so great , that obviously I do n't expect a surprise , " economic analyst Carlos Toranzo told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol . "  Most voters are in favor of Morales because they want the economic boom of recent years to continue . " Morales , a former union leader for coca growers , won his first election with a campaign that promised a government focused on the needs of the country 's poor . But as an ally of Chavez , opponents have accused him of using the system to concentrate power . Last year , a court ruled that he could run again , deciding that his second term in office was his first under the country 's new constitution . This time around , he ran under the slogan , "  With Evo , we 're doing well . " Since Morales took office , the country has seen economic growth while many of its neighbors have struggled . Last year , the GDP grew 6.5 % , according to government statistics . But some Bolivians say they have n't seen the economic boom cause much of a benefit for their pocketbooks . The normally bustling streets of Bolivia 's capital were quiet Sunday . Voting laws prohibit cars from driving on election day Voters told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol that security and economic issues were key as they cast their ballots . "  Bolivia has transformed impressively . I was walking on the streets , talking with the citizens , and all of them are informed . All of them want to vote , " said Alvaro Colom , a former Guatemalan President who 's heading a mission of election observers from the Organization of American States . Voting went smoothly Sunday , with no major reports of irregularities , Colom said . Morales enjoys widespread popular support at home but has run afoul of some U.S. officials with his outspoken criticisms of capitalism and U.S. drug policies . When he first ran for office , he declared himself a "  nightmare " for the United States . In 2008 , he expelled the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration from Bolivia . Last year , he kicked out the U.S. Agency for International Development , accusing the agency of meddling and conspiring against his government . He told a convention of farm workers in 2011 that he feared U.S. authorities would try to plant something on his presidential plane to link him with drug trafficking . Amid rumors that former NSA contractor Edward Snowden could be on his presidential plane last year , authorities in several European countries refused to let the aircraft land to refuel on its way from Moscow back to Bolivia . Snowden , who faces espionage charges in the United States for leaking classified documents , was n't on the plane , but Morales had said he would be willing to give him asylum . CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Carlos Montero reported from La Paz . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported and wrote from Atlanta . Journalist Gloria Carrasco and CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : Evo Morales says he 's dedicating his victory to Fidel Castro , Hugo Chavez "  We thank the Bolivian people for this new triumph , " President Evo Morales says An exit poll says Morales won a third term with 61 % of votes Morales is a leftist leader who was once a union leader for coca farmers
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Flights into Thailand have been thrown into chaos Wednesday after explosions at two Bangkok airports wounded four people and triggered the closure of its main international gateway -- a major hub in the region for travelers , authorities said . Passengers face a long wait inside Suvarnabhumi airport with most flights canceled . The blasts come a day after thousands of anti-government protesters stormed the airports to protest the return of Thai Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat from the APEC summit in Peru . One blast occurred at Suvarnabhumi Airport at 5 a.m.  2200 Tuesday GMT  , an airport official said . One person was wounded in that attack . Continued protests caused authorities to cancel all incoming and outgoing flights there , an assistant to airport director Serirat Prasutanond told CNN . Three protesters also entered the airport 's control tower , demanding the prime minister 's flight schedule , The Associated Press quoted Group Capt. Chokchai Saranon , a control tower official , as saying . As the airport had been shut down , there were no controllers in the tower , AP reported . Watch what 's behind protesters ' demands " The other blast occurred at 6:40 a.m. Wednesday  2340 Tuesday GMT  at the Don Muang International Airport , wounding three people , police said . Suvarnabhumi Airport later canceled all flights , AP reported . On Tuesday thousands of anti-government protesters partially shut down Suvarnabhumi Airport , the country 's main airport , an airport spokesman said . Watch fists fly in the terminal " Pro- and anti-government protesters also exchanged gunfire , a Thai police official said . Protesters with golf clubs and long wooden sticks also clashed with airport taxi drivers , with each side throwing things at the other . The clash started when the anti-government group People 's Alliance for Democracy  PAD  was mobilizing supporters near the Don Muang airport , which the government is using as its temporary office . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send pics , video The PAD ran into a pro-government group , resulting in an exchange of abusive words , and the pro-government group threw rocks into the PAD crowd prompting an exchange of gunfire , the police official said . The PAD has been leading protests against the government since May , accusing the government of being a front for ousted former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Protesters surrounded the parliament building on Monday , forcing lawmakers to postpone their session . Thaksin was ousted in a bloodless coup in 2006 , only to return after the People Power Party won elections in December 2007 He left again in August of this year , shortly before he was to face trial on corruption charges . In October Thailand 's Supreme Court ruled that Thaksin had abused his powers while in office and sentenced the absent former leader to two years in prison . The case was one of several lodged against Thaksin , who protesters want to return to Thailand to face trial . Thaksin stayed in the United Kingdom for much of this year before British authorities revoked his visa . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities cancel all flights at Suvarnabhumi Airport after blast ; one wounded Three people wounded at blast at Don Muang International Airport Pro- and anti-government protesters exchange gunfire People 's Alliance for Democracy has been leading protests since May
GALVESTON , Texas  CNN  -- As Galveston 's leaders on Monday repeatedly urged its residents to stay away , people who never left tried to make the best of their muggy , tree-strewn , powerless city . iReporter Carlos Ortega says there 's "  not an inch that is n't damaged " in his Galveston , Texas , neighborhood . Amy Reid and her neighbors found a good use for all the frozen dinners that had piled up over weeks in their freezers , pooling them as some kind of high-sodium feast they might have to subsist on for a long time . As of Monday night , there was only one convenience store open in Galveston and one was lucky to find beef jerky and fruit roll-ups on the shelves . Reid and her new friends cooked on a BBQ and slept on her porch , choosing to suffer the bugs rather than spend a restless night in a sauna-hot house . Her home , hoisted on stilts , was not flooded . "  We 've got a whole group of people along the block , " she said . "  One guy down here has a generator so he charges our phones up and our laptops up . " DVDs on a laptop pass the long wait before Galveston is up and running again . City manager Steve LeBlanc said people like Reid who remain in Galveston should leave . There 's not enough clean drinking water to serve the needs of the 15,000 to 20,000 people who stayed on the island , he said Monday , and there would be a "  downward spiral if everybody started coming back . " The city 's resources are "  stretched to the max , " and it could be a month before electricity is restored . The cleanup will be massive , he said , and the city is "  unsafe . " North of Galveston , Texas Gov. Rick Perry urged residents who evacuated Houston , the nation 's fourth-largest city , not to hurry back to their homes . Watch the governor discuss Texas ' troubles " But Sarah Allen returned to her Houston home Monday , finding it in relatively good shape . Her carpeting was wet from leaks near a sliding glass door , but her apartment had not flooded . She , her boyfriend and six other people rode out Hurricane Ike at a friend 's house . "  Lots of trees are down in people 's apartments , " she said . "  The covered parking lot has a metal roof and some of it has fallen on cars . Some was rolled up . " About 150,000 of the 220,000 residents who evacuated ahead of the storm were still out of their homes Monday , said Judge Ed Emmett , chief executive of Harris County , which includes Houston . City officials did not lift a boil-water order as expected Monday afternoon , saying water in one location was being retested . Power has been restored to at least 500,000 customers in the Houston area , according to the Harris County Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Management , but another 1.5 million people in the state still have no electricity . See the aftermath of Ike " Marilyn Davidson 's Clear Lake neighborhood in Houston was strewn with downed trees . She and her husband relied on a battery-powered radio for information and loaded their refrigerator with ice before the storm . "  Everything in there stayed pretty cool , " she said . "  We had milk out of it this morning . " The wait outside her regular grocery store was a half-hour so the couple went to a CVS pharmacy and stocked up on items they said they would probably never eat like canned mixed nuts and chicken broth . iReport.com : Shattered Houston buildings Davidson did have the one most desired and scarce of goods -- gasoline . At least 14 Texas refineries closed in the hours before the hurricane hit , taking away more than 20 percent of the nation 's oil capacity , The Associated Press reported . Across the nation , gas prices soared for the third straight day , jumping a full dollar at some gas stations . Arguments broke out at gas stations and tensions were high everywhere . Thousands of people remained in shelters , wondering what homes they had to return to . Others waited in line to get water , ice and food at 60 distribution sites the Federal Emergency Management Agency had established across Texas . Perhaps the most dire area of the state was Bolivar Peninsula , a resort on Galveston Bay where entire neighborhoods were destroyed . A rescue team on Monday saved 60 people who were stranded there among homes leveled to their foundations . On Sunday , a Galveston County sheriff 's official said three bodies were pulled from storm wreckage in Port Bolivar . Galveston residents had been warned as Ike approached the Texas coast to leave or face "  certain death " from its 12 - to 15-foot storm surge . iReport.com : Facing the deadly storm "  Sometimes the aftermath of the storm is worse than the storm itself , " Galveston Mayor Lyda Ann Thomas said . "  There 's nothing to come here for right now . ... Please leave . " Ike and its remnants left at least 27 people dead from the U.S. Gulf Coast to the Great Lakes . The remnants moved into Canada early Monday . Hurricane-force winds from the storm were felt as far north as Kentucky , and heavy rains flooded streets in Chicago , Illinois . See Chicago 's swamped streets Deaths related to the storm were reported in Louisiana , Arkansas , Indiana , Missouri and Ohio as well as Texas . The toll could go higher . Chambers County , Texas , Judge Jimmy Sylvia said late Sunday that there is nothing left of Oak Island , a city on the coast in Galveston Bay . Smith Point , to the south , has "  mounds and mounds of debris , " the judge said , and he fears they may find bodies in the rubble . Watch how Ike wiped out neighborhoods " Louisiana Chief Medical Officer Louis Cataldie confirmed four deaths as a result of the hurricane -- two in Terrebonne Parish and two in Jefferson Davis Parish . Watch how Ike flooded one Louisiana parish " Two people drowned in Indiana and another in Missouri . Two others died in the St. Louis , Missouri , area , but the cause of their deaths was unclear , said Missouri State Emergency Operations Center spokeswoman Susie Stonner . Wind gusts as high as 74 mph ripped the roof off a Delta Airlines hangar at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport , according to an Associated Press report . The airport 's control tower had to be evacuated during the worst of the storm , the AP said . In Kentucky , more than 340,000 Louisville Gas and Electric Co. customers were without power Monday morning , CNN affiliate WLKY-TV reported . Across the region , more than 1.3 million people were without power , the AP reported . "  Over 90 percent of our customers are without service , " Kathy Meinke of Duke Energy , which serves southwest Ohio and northern Kentucky , told the AP . iReport.com : Ike soaks , smashes Texas home Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Storm leaves millions without power , with outages as far north as Ohio Aftermath of Hurricane Ike "  worse than storm itself , " Galveston mayor says Officials say they fear more bodies may be in Texas debris Ike and remnants leave at least 27 people dead in U.S.
CNN  -- A key investor with convicted swindler Bernie Madoff drowned in his swimming pool Sunday afternoon , police said . Jeffry Picower , 67 , was found unconscious in his pool at his Palm Beach , Florida , home , Palm Beach police said . He was pronounced dead at a hospital . Police said they are investigating his death using "  standard operating procedure in any drowning . " Picower invested with Madoff , who was convicted of operating a Ponzi scheme and defrauding thousands of investors . Madoff pleaded guilty in March to 11 counts , including fraud , money laundering and perjury , and was sentenced to 150 years in prison . Prosecutors have said it was the largest investor fraud ever committed by a single person , totaling billions in losses to investors . Picower 's Picower Foundation of Palm Beach announced it was shutting down early this year because of Madoff losses , CNN Money reported . Picower 's 2007 tax return valued its portfolio at $ 955 million . But there were also suggestions that Picower benefited from Madoff 's swindle . Citing an unnamed source , Fortune magazine said in April that Frank DiPascali , the chief lieutenant in Madoff 's secretive investment business , was "  prepared to testify that he manipulated phony returns on behalf of some key Madoff investors , " including Picower . Picower also allegedly "  extracted billions of dollars from Madoff 's fund before it collapsed , " according to Forbes magazine .	Jeffry Picower , 67 , found unconscious in his pool in his Palm Beach , Florida Picower invested with Madoff , who was convicted in Ponzi scheme His foundation announced it was shutting down early this year because of Madoff losses
When I was 13 , I was sold . Friends of my father worked for a corrupt adoption agency operating in my homeland of Ethiopia -- friends my father trusted . In 2006 they coerced him into believing he was sending my younger sisters and me to America for an educational program during which we would come home every summer and on school breaks . Little did my father know that his "  friends " were being paid to recruit children for an American adoption agency . In fact , he did n't even know what "  adoption " meant . Instead of an educational program , we found ourselves caught up in an international adoption scandal . We were n't the only ones lied to . The family who adopted us , who lived in the southwestern United States , were told that they were taking into their family three AIDS orphans , the oldest of whom was nine years old . The truth was that our mother had died from complications during childbirth , and our father was alive and well . Instead of nine , I was 13 years old ; my sisters were 11 and six . Our new "  parents " changed our names and told us we could no longer speak to each other in our own languages ; we were punished if we disobeyed . Eventually , we forgot how to speak our native languages , Amarigna and Wolaytta . I was so young and naïve . I actually believed that if I ran away , I could walk back to Ethiopia . I wanted to escape from the people I felt had kidnapped us from our homeland , our culture , and our family . I was angry , hurt and grieving . After eight months , I was "  re-homed , " without my sisters , to live with my adoptive mother 's parents in the Midwest . I have only seen my sisters a handful of times since . Living in the Midwest was difficult . I had been taken from my family in Ethiopia , and then separated from my sisters . But instead of getting caught up in my depression , I threw myself into finding ways to let the world know the hard truths about corruption in international adoption . My second adoption placement did not work out either , and at 18 , while still in high school , I found myself staying on a friend 's floor . A family in Maine , who I met through adoption reform work , offered to take me in . So I moved my few possessions and myself across the country again . Supporters of international adoption frequently mention the enormous numbers of orphans in the world -- UNICEF estimates there are 151 million orphans . What most people do n't realize is that when the United Nations determines the figures for orphans , they include children who have lost just one parent  the U.N. estimates only 18 million have lost both parents  . I assure you that I did not consider myself an orphan . My sisters and I had a father , a brother and older sisters , plus a large extended family that cared for us and loved us . We were middle class by Ethiopian standards , not poor . We , and many other adoptees like us , should never have been placed for adoption . All the lies and deception comes down to money . I have discovered since my adoption , the price paid by adoptive parents is exorbitant and feeds the corruption . Had my father 's friends not made money from the placement of my sisters and me for adoption , none of this ever would have happened . They were basically paid to create orphans . Depending upon the country , an adoption can cost upwards of $ 50,000 . Imagine what that kind of money could do to help struggling families in developing nations keep their children ! Adding the horror of being sold for profit , I now know that parents pay far more to adopt a white child than an African-American child . A 2010 study by Caltech , the London School of Economics , and New York University showed that parents are willing to pay an average of $ 38,000 more for a non-African American baby . Let me call that what it is : Racism . In spite of everything I have suffered , I am determined to make something good out of my life . I just started college and I am writing a book about my experiences . I am fighting to change the way adoption agencies do business . I am fighting to make sure that families and adoptive families know the truth about the possibilities of fraud and human trafficking in adoption . I am fighting to make sure that no other child will have to endure what I have been through . And I am saving up money so that I can reunite with my family in Ethiopia , whom I have n't seen for seven years . And I went to court and got my real name back .	Tarikuwa Lemma : When she was 13 , she went to the U.S. thinking she would be studying abroad Inside a few weeks , it became clear her family had been misled about her American "  adoption " Lemma : "  All the lies and deception comes down to money " Now a college student , she has n't seen her family in Ethiopia for seven years
CNN  -- With all of the recent deadly storms in the news , it may seem has though this year as been more active than a normal year . Since September 1 we have seen eight tropical cyclones , five of which became typhoons , two reaching Super Typhoon status , the strongest classification of tropical cyclones in the Western Pacific . A Philippines scientist points to a screen monitoring Tropical Storm Parma and Typhoon Melor . But when we look at the numbers , 2009 has actually been slightly below average . So far we have seen 19 tropical storms in the Western Pacific , which is slightly behind the pace needed to reach the yearly average of 27 . Named storms , however , are a notoriously poor metric for measuring the ferocity of tropical seasons . Take this year in the North Atlantic for instance . Yesterday , Tropical Storm Henri became the eighth named storm , coming only a week after the National Hurricane Center would normally name the eighth storm on an average year . So while 2009 may contain an average number of storms , no one will argue that 2009 has so far been a dud of a hurricane season in the Atlantic . This is largely due to the fact a majority of the storms so far this season have been weak , short-lived , and not made landfall  Tropical Storm Grace did not even last one day  . A better way to measure hurricane and typhoon seasons is with Accumulated Cyclone Energy  ACE  , a surprisingly simple mathematic calculation . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , a U.S. scientific agency that studies oceans and the atmosphere , uses ACE to approximate the energy contained in each cyclone . ACE is continuously monitored all around the globe by Ryan Maue , a doctoral student at Florida State University , and according to Maue 's numbers the West Pacific is 20 percent below average for the season . For comparison , the North Atlantic is 50 percent below average for the year . Go here to see Maue 's research Despite the fact that 2009 has been below average for the season , the past month has been remarkable , with five of the eight storms making direct landfall in Asia . Typhoon Melor made landfall in central Japan early Thursday . In the Philippines , people are still recovering after two typhoons hit the nation in less than two weeks . Typhoon Parma made landfall last weekend , killing at least 16 . Filipinos were still recovering from Typhoon Ketsana , which hit the country in late September . Hundreds of people were killed from that storm , primarily in the Philippines and Vietnam . Earlier in the summer , more than 600 people died in Taiwan after Typhoon Morakot struck in August . Also in August , Typhoon Etau killed more than a dozen in Taiwan after it brought flash floods and landslides . What is behind this recent uptick in activity and why are all the storms seemingly coming at once , and late in the season ? The answer may be El Nino , which refers to a periodic change in the atmosphere and ocean in the Pacific . During El Nino , the waters in the central and eastern Pacific are warmer than normal , and the effects on global weather can be drastic and far-reaching . According to Maue , we see more cyclones later in the season during El Nino years in the Western Pacific , and they tend to form farther east . With the warmer sea surface temperatures during an El Nino event , this would allow these storms more time over open water to grow into large and powerful typhoons . In fact , we tend to see more "  Super Typhoons " during El Nino years , and this is true again this year , as Choi-Wan and Melor both reached Super Typhoon status . El Nino also is a likely culprit for the inactivity in the North Atlantic , since El Nino can cause more wind shear in the upper atmosphere , a condition that limits the ability of Tropical Cyclones to survive .	Spate of deadly storms have hit East Asia in recent weeks Statistics show number of storms in Western Pacific in 2009 is below average El Nino phenomenon likely culprit behind recent spate of Asia-Pacific storms
LONDON , England -- Milan goalkeeper Dida has been cleared to play in next month 's Champions League match at Shakhtar Donetsk after partially winning his appeal to UEFA against a two-match ban . Dida has had one game of his two-match ban suspended for a year following an appeal to UEFA . Brazilian Dida was also fined 60,000 Swiss francs by European football 's ruling body following an incident involving a supporter during the Champions clash against Celtic in Scotland on October 3 . The 34-year-old Brazilian was initially banned for two games for his theatrics following a Celtic fan 's encroachment onto the pitch during the 2-1 defeat at Celtic Park . "  Following Monday 's appeals hearing , Dida is suspended for two matches , but one of the matches will now be deferred for a probationary period of one year , " said a stement on UEFA 's Web site . Dida sits out the home tie against Shakhtar on Wednesday after an inquiry based on Article 5 , paragraph 1 of the UEFA disciplinary regulations  Principles of conduct  , under which "  member associations , clubs , as well as their players , officials and members , shall conduct themselves according to the principles of loyalty , integrity and sportsmanship " . However , Dida will only serve the second match of his ban if he commits a similar offense -- a theatrical over-reaction -- during the next 12 months , freeing him for the trip to Ukraine . UEFA said that their Appeals Body "  took note that Dida expressed his sincere regrets as regards his conduct during the match . " AC Milan vice-president Adriano Galliani was satisfied with UEFA 's decision . "  I believe it is fair -- I was against the two-game suspension but one seems OK . "  Dida has made a mistake but his error did not hinder anyone , not Celtic , nor any player , " said Galliani . E-mail to a friend	Milan goalkeeper Dida is partially successful against two-match UEFA ban Dida misses Wednesday 's home Champions League tie against Shakhtar Second game of ban suspended for one year freeing him for return in Ukraine
CNN  -- A convicted murderer who escaped from a Michigan prison on Super Bowl Sunday used snow-white thermal underwear , hobby scissors , his belt and a dose of inattention from prison guards to sneak out , the state Department of Corrections has concluded in a newly released report . Michael David Elliot ducked away from other prisoners after dinner on February 2 , slipped outside and took off an extra-large set of prison blues to reveal a head-to-toe outfit of white clothing he 'd crafted from thermal underwear , according to the prison report . He used the white clothing to blend in with the snow cover at Ionia Correctional Facility in central Michigan as he crawled toward a pair of wire fences separating him from freedom , the report found . He used a hook he had taken from his locker to dig through the snow , and used the scissors and his belt buckle to pry the wire fencing open and escape . Motion detectors that should have spotted his presence had n't been properly reset after an earlier test , so they did n't work , the agency 's report said . Elliot , who was serving four life sentences for a 1994 murder conviction , slipped into woods near the prison after his escape , eventually carjacking a woman who was parked on a city street . They drove to Elkhart , Indiana , where the woman called police after locking herself in a bathroom when they stopped for gas . Elliott told the woman that he did n't want to hurt her , he just wanted to get away from Michigan and prison . Authorities later found Elliot nearby in LaPorte County , Indiana , where he remains awaiting extradition , according to the Michigan corrections department . Arizona jailbird escape to meet his girlfriend for Valentine 's Day	Escapee used snow-colored suit made of thermal underwear to blend in He then pried open two fences to escape , according to Michigan prisons report Motion detectors that should have spotted him were n't working properly , report says After his capture , Michael David Elliot remains in an Indiana jail awaiting extradition
CNN  Dante Alighieri , the father of the Italian language , is turning in his grave . Believe it or not , the land where Latin originated and from which many other European languages descend is becoming "  illiterate . " Not only have Italians long forgotten the language of their Roman Empire , but they hardly know how to speak and write proper Italian . They 've been negatively dubbed "  asini "  donkeys  , as in "  stupid . " If you take a look at Italian language forums and debate websites it 's clear that many Italians are clueless on grammar and do n't even know how to use verbs properly . At age 15 , Italian students rank below the OECD average literacy level and Eurostat reports that Italy has the lowest percentage of university graduates aged 30-34 in the European Union . The media reflect society . Evening news bulletins are full of speakers and commentators making grammatical errors and even mispronouncing words . How could Dante 's land become "  ignorant " and will the government 's plans to institute yet another education reform succeed in turning some donkeys -- if not into nerds -- at least into smart pupils ? The decline in language skills is a trend affecting most of the Western world , but the fact that this is happening in Italy , home to some of the world 's oldest universities , is quite alarming . The Romans built an empire united by the Latin language , but Italians seem to have lost such heritage . Italians were once "  literate " -- as in "  Latin-speakers and Latin-writers " -- grammar-savvy , poetry lovers , rhetoric freaks and great philosophers . Now they 've forgotten what a conjunctive verb is , mistake adjectives for nouns and write Machiavelli with a double "  c. " Oh -- and they do n't know how to break words into syllables . True , one could say Italian is a tough language , one of the most complex in the world . But that 's not a good excuse . The Italian people 's declining knowledge of their language is turning into a national emergency . It 's not just lazy students who are responsible . The percentage of lawyers who every year flunk the written examination to become a judge is scary . When I attended university , the most dreaded exam of all was the essay on Italian literature and history . Few of my buddies passed it at the first go , others had to take it thrice and many just gave up . So how did we fall so low ? Fine , ICT , smartphones and SMS are partly to blame . Abbreviations , misspellings and the introduction of many English words into Italian have impoverished language skills . Yet on its own that explanation is too reductive . The loss of Latin teaching in schools is at the root of the problem . Learning Latin assists in learning Italian and other languages as well as opening the mind to all fields of knowledge . It 's been no secret across generations of scholars that being familiar with the complexity of Latin phrase structure and idioms is positive for students . Up until 1970 , Latin was taught in primary and middle schools : kids learned to translate works by Virgil without using a dictionary and to recite chunks of the "  Divine Comedy " and poems by Carducci , Leopardi and Manzoni . But today the teaching of Latin is restricted to specific humanist and scientific high schools -- called gymnasiums or lyceums -- and at university level depending upon the faculty . The crisis has dealt a further blow to the love of classics . Enrollment at classical lyceums , where also ancient Greek is also taught , is low : Only 31,860 out of a total 530,911 high school students have enrolled this academic year . Desperate attempts by modern writers to revive classical culture by translating Boccaccio 's "  Decameron " and Machiavelli 's "  The Prince " into modern Italian have n't produced great results . So far just one academy in Rome -- Vivarium Novum -- has succeeded in bringing the "  dead language " back from the grave . Pupils here exclusively speak in Latin and are kicked-out if they get caught saying a few words in Italian . But the academy is an isolated case , looked upon as a bit "  out of this world . " Families think learning Latin and Greek is pointless because it wo n't help their kids find a job , which is wrong . The trouble is that students have already lost their memory . Not in the literal sense , but symbolically . The "  ars mnemonica " -- the art of exercising one 's memory , that boring yet useful technique which implies rote learning of phrases , lyrics , novels and even entire epics -- belongs to the past . If you do n't sharpen mental skills , how can there be good writing ? The truth is that Italian education is badly in need of a restyle . A series of education reforms in the past few years has lowered the quality of teaching by reducing public resources and the hours of Latin and Italian language learning , which teaching unions say has had a negative impact on pupils ' text comprehension skills . Latin teaching should be given more space but in a new way : Not through useless translations  what do kids care about Seneca 's "  Treaty on Birds ? "  but through open debates and analyses on ancient texts that are still worthwhile studying today . And teachers should also get a makeover . Their mindset is old . If there are "  bad " students it 's because there are also "  bad " teachers . Pupils want to read more than just one contemporary novel per month . They want teachers who are passionate about their jobs rather than lazily coasting towards retirement . Language teaching depends on its appeal . It must be sexy . And right now it 's not .	Italy , birthplace of the Latin and Italian , is becoming illiterate , writes Silvia Marchetti Marchetti says Italians ' declining knowledge of their mother tongue is becoming an emergency The approach to teaching Latin in Italian schools needs a makeover , she says
New York  CNN  -- City University of New York students and faculty plan to continue protesting the arrival of retired four-star Army Gen. David Petraeus , who is a visiting professor at the school , said a professor who helped form a committee aiming to oust the former CIA director . On Monday , CUNY students , faculty and other activists , led by the newly formed Ad Hoc Committee Against the Militarization of CUNY , used signs and chants to protest Petraeus ' arrival at Macaulay Honors College . Amateur video shot by Brian Hudson , who tells CNN he was among the protesters , shows a group of young adults approaching Petraeus as he walks near Manhattan 's Central Park West , calling him "  disgusting " and a "  war criminal . " It is unclear if these protesters are CUNY students . A flier from the committee lists several student groups and professors who support banning "  this mass murderer " from teaching at the CUNY school . Opinion : Would a President Petraeus be in the cards ? Hunter College adjunct professor Sandor John , who teaches Latin American history and helped organize Monday 's protest , says it should come as no surprise that so many diverse groups support the committee 's effort to oust Petraeus . "  A lot of our students are from countries that have been targeted by the United States , " John said . "  We do n't want someone like him on campus . " In a prepared statement , Dr. Ann Kirschner , dean of Macaulay Honors College , said that the university must strive to connect students with "  remarkable leaders and thinkers " and that complex issues and points of view should be respected . "  While the college supports the articulation of all points of view on critical issues , it is essential that dialogue within the academic setting always be conducted civilly . " Robert Barnett , Petraeus ' attorney , had no comment Thursday . The next protest is scheduled for Monday , John said . Petraeus is teaching a once-a-week course titled "  Are We On the Threshold of the North American Decade ? " It 's an interdisciplinary seminar in which students "  examine in depth and then synthesize the history and trends in diverse public policy topics with a view towards recommendations for America 's leadership role in the emerging global economy , " a course description says . In April , Petraeus said he was pleased to have the opportunity to work with Macaulay 's talented and diverse students , a news release said . Petraeus resigned as director of the CIA in November 2012 after admitting to an extramarital affair with his biographer .	Some at the City University of New York do n't want David Petraeus as a visiting professor On Monday , students , faculty , activists protested his arrival at Macaulay Honors College They reject his record , but dean says complex issues and points of view should be respected The retired four-star Army general 's attorney had no comment Thursday
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's second-largest airport was closed for a second day Thursday because of unseasonal wintry weather that was also affecting the European continent . All flights into and out of London 's Gatwick Airport were canceled until 6 a.m.  1 a.m. ET  Friday , the airport said . It asked passengers to check with their airlines before heading to the airport . Planes sat at the gates covered in snow and a spokesman said the snow was falling on the airport 's lone runway faster than crews could clear it . "  We are doing everything we can to resume operations , "  the airport said in a statement . "  Our teams are working around the clock to make the runway safe for aircraft to use and get our passengers flying again . " Thursday , airport officials handed out 1,000 blankets along with food and water to stranded passengers who had little to do but sit around and hope for the weather to improve . The United Kingdom has seen the heaviest and most widespread amount of snow since 1993 and the deepest November snow since 1965 , the Met Office , Britain 's weather forecaster , said . Forecasters issued severe weather warnings Thursday , predicting heavy snow for many parts of the country including Scotland , northeast England , parts of central England , and the entire south from Cornwall to London and the southeast . Edinburgh Airport in Scotland was closed because of heavy snow , the airport said . London 's Heathrow Airport was open , but said some airlines were experiencing delays and cancellations because of snow disruptions at other airports . Eurostar , which operates trains between London and the continent , said it was operating a "  significantly reduced " timetable on Thursday with a number of cancellations , along with delays of as much as 90 minutes . It said disruptions were expected through the weekend , and it advised passengers booked to travel through Sunday to postpone their journeys if not essential . The main reason for the snowfall is the cold polar air sweeping across the North Sea , said Mari Ramos of the CNN World Weather Center . The sea is still relatively warm , at 9-10 degrees Celsius  48-50 degrees Fahrenheit  , so as the water evaporates and is hit by the cold polar air , it turns to snow . "  You normally have this change in the wind pattern later in the season , but it wo n't bring snow because the ocean will be colder , " Ramos said . Snowfall has also been widespread across Europe , with unseasonably low temperatures -- easily 10 degrees below average for this time of year -- lasting much longer than normal , Ramos said . Snow was expected across France , from the northern part of the country into the southern parts , near Switzerland and Italy , Ramos said . As much as six centimeters  2.4 inches  were expected in some areas . Meteo France issued an orange weather warning -- it 's second-highest -- across central France , and forecasters predicted icy conditions and heavy snowfall . A quarter of flights out of Roissy Charles de Gaulle airport and 10 percent of flights out of Orly were canceled Thursday , air traffic control said . Trains were delayed throughout France but were expected to run regularly Friday . The snow was stretching into northern Portugal and central and southern Spain , with an unusual snowfall in Grenada earlier in the week , she said . Temperatures were another big concern . "  The temperature will be in many cases 8-12 degrees below the average , and that 's not factoring in the wind , " Ramos said . The chilly weather began over the weekend and is scheduled to last for a week , she said . CNN 's Alex Felton in London , England , and Saskya Vandoorne in Paris , France , contributed to this report .	NEW : Forecasters issue severe weather warnings NEW : Edinburgh Airport is closed and Eurostar experiences delays All flights are canceled at Gatwick Airport Snow also snarls roadway , rail traffic
Lonely Planet  -- How 's this for a space oddity ? Forty years have passed since the historic Apollo moon landing , and yet the prospect of space tourism remains as distant as ever . Just as well , then , that getting that out-of-this-world feeling without leaving the planet is easier to do than a Vulcan salute . So all you cosmic cadets , moonwalkers and astral travelers out there -- prepare for lift off , as we take you to some of our favorite outer-space hotspots here on earth . Lonely Planet : The world 's most unusual beaches Valle de la Luna  Valley of the Moon  , Chile Buzz Aldrin could have been talking about Chile 's Valle de la Luna when he described the moon 's ` magnificent desolation ' . Strange lunar landforms eroded by eons of wild weather crowd the horizon ; bleak dunes and distant volcanoes amp up the surreality . For maximum impact , visit at sunset , when the valley is bathed in an unearthly purple , pink and gold glow ... Volcanic Iceland Dotted with dramatic steaming fumaroles , bubbling mudpots , weird rock formations and lava fields , Iceland is a sci-film waiting to happen . The starkly beautiful and gloriously strange landscapes around Mývatn will make you question what planet you 're on . Southeastern Utah , USA Mars is closer than you think ! Canyonlands and Arches National Parks in southeastern Utah give the Red Planet a run for its intergalactic money with their rugged arches , bridges , needles , spires , craters , mesas and buttes . Touch down in high summer for that extra blast of Martian intensity . Lac Abbé , Djibouti " ... seen from out here everything seems different . Time bends . Space is boundless . " Gazing awestruck upon Lac Abbé 's natural smoking ` chimneys ' and vast , eerie salt plains , you may recall these words spoken by astronaut George Taylor in "  Planet of the Apes . " Well , he should know : the movie was filmed here ! Lonely Planet : Soaking in Iceland 's social scene Salar de Uyuni , Bolivia This immense , shimmering sea of salt will haunt your daydreams for years to come . In fact , such is Salar de Uyuni 's breath-taking , blinding-white otherworldliness , it might just send you into interstellar overdrive . Cappadocia , Turkey With its exquisite fairy chimneys , valleys of cascading cliffs , and labyrinthine underground cities , Cappadocia is outer space as it might have been imagined by Jim Henson : picturesque and endearing . Lanzarote , Canary Islands The extraordinary volcanic moonscape of central Lanzarote would make Armstrong and Aldrin feel right at home . The glowing green waters of El Golfo Crater might even tempt them to shrug off those cumbersome spacesuits and go for a paddle ... Nazca Lines , Peru Was Erich Von Daniken onto something ? One of Peru 's most impressive and enigmatic sights , the mysterious Nazca Lines could easily be mistaken for the doodlings of ancient astronauts . Deep in desolate desert , and only visible from the air , these mysterious lines will certainly stir your imagination ... Great Barrier Reef , Whitsunday Islands , Australia Plunge beneath the waves into the technicolor parallel universe that is the Great Barrier Reef . No spaced-out superlative could do this coral wonderland justice ; no cinematic alien could come close to the marvelous marine critters that call it home ... Nubra Valley , Ladakh , India Sometimes known as ` Moonland ' , Ladakh is bound by mountains and comprised of mountains . Human habitation is sparse , and during the wild winter months , the region is only marginally easier to reach than the moon itself . The imposing , inhospitable Nubra Valley is its wild lunar heart . Lonely Planet : The world 's hottest cool places © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	From volcanic Iceland to southeastern Utah , otherworldly landscapes are all over the globe "  Planet of the Apes " was filmed in Djibouti because of its eerie salt plains Visible from the air , the Nazca Lines in Peru will stir your imagination
CNN  Amber Vinson says she followed all the rules when caring for an Ebola patient . So how did the Texas nurse contract the deadly virus ? "  I have no idea , " she told CNN . "  I go through it almost daily in my mind : what happened , what went wrong . Because I was covered completely every time . I followed the CDC protocol . ... I never strayed . It is a mystery to me . " Vinson , who was declared Ebola-free last week after treatment at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta , spoke with CNN 's Don Lemon in an exclusive interview that aired Thursday . She described her experience fighting the deadly virus and fired back at critics who said she should never have boarded commercial flights after treating an Ebola patient . "  I 'm a nurse . I care . I care for me , I would not put myself in danger . First , I would not take Ebola to my family and my best girlfriends . I would not endanger families across the nation , potentially exposing them to anything , " she said . "  I had no symptoms . There was no way , at that time -- I could not transmit it . " The 29-year-old nurse choked up thinking of the harsh reactions of some people after they learned she had Ebola . "  It 's just not me , " she said . "  All I do is care . All I want to do is help . I would never try to hurt anyone . " Opinion : Ebola will elevate respect for nurses ' I did what I was supposed to do ' Shortly after Vinson 's diagnosis , CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden told reporters that she should n't have taken the flights . "  The CDC guidance in this setting outlines the need for what is called controlled movement . That can include a charter plane , a car , but it does not include public transport , " the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention director told reporters at the time . "  We will from this moment forward ensure that no other individual who is being monitored for exposure undergoes travel in any way other than controlled movement . " Vinson said she felt like Frieden blamed her without any basis . "  I did what I was supposed to do , and now you 're saying I should not have flown , " she said . "  You know , I checked multiple times before I even left Dallas to see if it was OK to go . " And when her return flight from Cleveland to Dallas got repeatedly delayed , Vinson said she checked her temperature multiple times and reported it to the Texas Health Department . Then her contact there would speak with the CDC . "  She would tell me if i was OK to go or not , " Vinson said . "  And I got the OK every single time . " ` It 's a struggle ' Vinson 's diagnosis came amid a wave of national concern about the possible spread of Ebola in the United States , especially after it became known she had flown on two commercial flights after treating Duncan . She became the second person known to have contracted Ebola in the United States , and the second nurse from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas to get the virus after caring for an Ebola patient . Learning that her colleague , nurse Nina Pham , had contracted Ebola was a shock , Vinson said . "  My heart dropped , " Vinson said . "  I was afraid for myself . My first thought was , Nina is a great nurse . I know her nursing . She follows rules and protocol as closely as I do . If this happened to her , it can happen to me . It rocked my world . " Several days later , Vinson was diagnosed with Ebola after returning to Dallas from a trip to visit family in Ohio , where she was planning her wedding . Days after being inside a bridal shop , she was isolated in a hospital , fending off the virus . It was n't an easy battle , Vinson said . "  It takes so much out of you . It really does . It is very draining . And even now ... walking a short distance , I get short of breath , " she said . There were several particularly rough days , she said . "  You 've got to force yourself to get up , and forcing yourself takes a lot out of you , too , " she said . "  It 's a struggle . You 're fighting for your life . " Mom : ' I just wanted to be there ' For Vinson 's family , it was also a harrowing ordeal . Like television viewers across America , Debra Berry stared at a TV screen and saw her daughter walking from an ambulance into the airplane that would take her from Dallas to Atlanta for treatment . It was a devastating sight for Berry , who was quarantined in Dallas and so could n't be with her daughter . "  I would n't have cared if she had triple Ebola . I 'm her mother . Give it to me . Wrap me up in Hefty bags , " she said . "  I just wanted to be there . Because I knew in my gut that she was alone . " Hearing remarks people made about her daughter did n't help . "  I think they could have used the science to guide the situation , rather than make the comments they they did , " Berry said . Even now , she said , "  people just are n't listening . " "  I want them to hear that my daughter is a hero , " she said . Vinson 's fiance , Derrick Markray , said the intense media spotlight has been difficult . "  It 's not like she 's an entertainer who was looking for fame , " he said . "  It found her . " In the interview with Lemon , he described the agony of the first days after Vinson 's diagnosis . He feared the worst , realizing that if Vinson died , her remains would be discarded as hazardous waste ; there would n't even be an urn at her funeral . "  The reality of it all just really set in , the gravity of it , " he said . He wondered , "  Can our system really handle this ? " Ready to rebuild Vinson survived the deadly virus . Doctors ca n't say for sure exactly what saved her , though they say her young age and how quickly she received treatment were likely factors . Going forward , Vinson said it 's clear that more planning is necessary for U.S. hospitals to better handle Ebola . "  We were n't the best prepared , " she said . "  We did not have extensive training . We did not have a level of feeling comfortable with putting on and taking off the protective equipment . We did n't have the time to practice it . There was not a lot of education done beforehand . " That , she said , is a lesson that hospitals need to take seriously . "  Everyone needs training , " Vinson said . "  Health care providers need to feel comfortable . They need to feel like they 're protected so they can provide the best care . " Vinson said nursing remains her passion , but she does n't know when she 'll be suiting up in scrubs again . "  Right now I have to take care of me , " she said . "  It 's taken weeks . I feel like I gain a little bit of strength every day , " she said . "  But I know me , and I 'm not at the position right now where I feel comfortable providing care . " For the 29-year-old nurse , it 's also time to get her life back on track . After her diagnosis with Ebola , cleanup crews destroyed her engagement ring and the wedding binder she used to plan her upcoming nuptials . "  We 've got to rebuild , " she said . And if anyone else contracts Ebola , she 's ready to step in -- this time by donating blood to help in their treatment . "  Are you going to give plasma ? " Lemon asked her . "  Absolutely , " Vinson said , "  as soon as I am able to do so . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	"  I feel like I gain a little bit of strength every day , " nurse Amber Vinson says Vinson says she followed the CDC 's rules when caring for an Ebola patient She says she has "  no idea " how she contracted the virus She defends her decision to travel on commercial flights , saying she had no symptoms
CNN  Gunmen killed 19 people and sent tourists scrambling for cover in a siege at a museum in Tunisia 's capital on Wednesday . The North African nation 's Prime Minister called it a cowardly terrorist attack and warned that three suspects were still on the loose . Tunisian security forces killed two attackers as they ended the hostage siege at the Bardo Museum in Tunis , Prime Minister Habib Essid said . But the death toll , which included 17 tourists and at least one Tunisian security officer , could climb . Polish , Italian , German and Spanish tourists were among those killed , Essid said , with another 20 foreign tourists and two Tunisians wounded in the attack . "  It 's a cowardly attack mainly targeting the economy of Tunisia , " the Prime Minister said . "  We should unite to defend our country . " The scene played out at a popular tourist destination in the heart of Tunisia 's capital in a building linked to where the nation 's parliament meets . Lawmakers there were in the middle of a committee meeting when they heard gunfire erupt . "  The tourists were frightened and they were running in different directions . We opened the doors and we got them to enter to the Parliament , " lawmaker Mehrezia Labidi told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . An administrator told lawmakers to lay down on the ground as a gunbattle broke out between terrorists and police , said Sabrine Ghoubatini , a member of parliament . It was n't long before the building was evacuated . Photos on Twitter showed security forces in bulletproof vests and black helmets and masks , guns drawn , in the area . Authorities set up a large security cordon around the targeted museum . Rescuers carried wounded tourists away on stretchers . Essid did n't specify where the attackers came from . Interior Ministry spokesman Mohamed Ali Aroui called them Islamists in remarks on national radio . The museum , housed in a 19th century palace , bills itself as "  a jewel of Tunisian heritage . " Its exhibits showcase Tunisian art , culture and history , and it boasts a collection of mosaics , including one of the poet Virgil , as well as marble sculptures , furniture , jewels and other items . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack . But it happened just days after a Tunisian jihadist tweeted that a pledge of allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was coming soon , according to the SITE Intelligence Group . In his message , the jihadi claimed to belong to Jund al-Khilafah in Tunisia , a group that in December pledged allegiance to ISIS , even though that vow did n't seem to have fully registered with the Islamist extremist group . His post comes after an ISIS fighter in Raqqa , Syria , recently appeared in a video questioning why jihadis in Tunisia had not pledged fealty . "  This raises the possibility that the museum attack could be ISIS ' debut on the Tunisian stage , timed to precede a pledge of allegiance from Tunisian jihadis for maximum impact , " CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said . Tunisia has seen far less militant violence than other nations in the region that were part of the Arab Spring uprisings , like neighboring Libya . But it has n't been immune to it . The government has been battling a jihadist presence in the Chaambi Mountains . There have been several apparent political assassinations . And in February , the country 's Interior Ministry announced the arrests of about 100 alleged extremists and published a video allegedly showing that the group possessed a formula for making explosives and a photograph of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . Up to 3,000 Tunisians are believed to have traveled to Iraq and Syria to fight as jihadists , more than any other country , according to the International Centre for the Study of Radicalization in London . "  There are hundreds that have returned from the battlefield , yet we have n't seen this kind of activity in Tunisia yet , " said Rick Francona , a former U.S. Air Force intelligence officer and CNN military analyst . "  I think it was only a matter of time . And today was the day . " Tunisia is where the Arab Spring took root in December 2010 , when a poor , 26-year-old man set himself on fire in front of a Tunisian government building after police confiscated his vegetable cart , sparking protests there . Protests throughout the Middle East and North Africa soon followed , with revolutions toppling governments in some countries . While violence and instability have continued to shake Egypt , Libya and Syria , in many ways , Tunisia has been the exception , with The Economist going so far as to name it "  Country of the Year " for 2014 . "  The idealism engendered by the Arab spring has mostly sunk in bloodshed and extremism , with a shining exception : Tunisia , " the magazine wrote . " ... Its economy is struggling and its polity is fragile ; but Tunisia 's pragmatism and moderation have nurtured hope in a wretched region and a troubled world . " While it has been more peaceful than other countries , Tunisia has seen its share of violence and political turmoil . There was cautious optimism after the October 2011 elections -- the country 's first since its independence in 1956 -- that involved 60 political parties and thousands of independent candidates vying for seats in the country 's new Constitutional Assembly . The next two years saw some crackdowns on media freedom , as well as criticisms of efforts to criminalize blasphemy and inject strict religious discourse in mosques . In 2013 , two opposition leaders were assassinated . But analysts say Wednesday 's attack could have been carried out by people who care more about fomenting terror or establishing a strict Islamic caliphate -- ISIS ' aim -- than Tunisian politics . The country has also been batting socioeconomic problems such as youth unemployment . Young people who ca n't get jobs are finding that joining extremist groups like ISIS and al Qaeda is a way out . Up until now , these recruits have largely done their fighting away from home . Experts think that by taking the fight to Tunisia , they 'll hurt their cause not just by hurting the tourism-reliant economy , but also by alienating most of their countrymen . "  They 're already isolated and marginalized , and they further isolate and marginalize themselves by these actions , " said Mubin Shaikh , a former undercover counterterrorism operative . " ... This will just further isolate and alienate these groups from the rest of the public . " Travelers warned of risks as Tunisia reels from attack CNN 's Samira Said , Ashley Fantz , Alanne Orjoux , Gul Tuysuz , Sandrine Amiel , Antonia Mortensen , Laura Perez Maestro , Vasco Cotovio , as well as journalists Shokri Shihi , Barbie Latza Nadeau and Livia Borghese , contributed to this report .	17 tourists are killed in an attack at a museum in Tunisia 's capital Three gunmen remain on the loose , Tunisia 's Prime Minister says An Interior Ministry spokesman calls the attackers Islamists ; no one has claimed responsibility
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security is now collecting scans of all 10 fingerprints from foreign travelers entering the United States at Dulles International Airport , and plans to extend the program to all international airports in the country by the end of next year . The program -- known as United States Visitor and Immigration Status Indicator Technology , or US-VISIT -- had previously used only two fingerprints . The 10-print system gives the United States the ability to compare fingerprints of travelers with criminal and terrorist databases compiled by the FBI , the Defense Department and others . The new 10-print system was rolled out in late November at Dulles . Speaking at an event at the airport Monday , DHS Secretary Michael Chertoff touted the new technology : "  We rely on biometrics , unique physical characteristics like fingerprints , to keep dangerous people out of the United States and at the same time to keep the lines moving so that travel is fast and convenient for legitimate citizens and visitors . " Chertoff said the two-fingerprint version of the program , which began in 2004 , has already been successful , claiming that the program had stopped "  almost 2,000 criminals and immigrant violators based on their fingerprints alone . " Canadians and Mexicans using government-issued identification cards are exempt from the program . Privacy advocates such as the Electronic Privacy Information Center claim the system puts personal information at risk . A July 2007 Government Accountability Office report found that "  systems supporting the US-VISIT program have significant information security control weaknesses that place sensitive and personally identifiable information at increased risk of unauthorized and possibly undetected disclosure and modification , misuse and destruction . " DHS insists that there have been no privacy breaches in the US-VISIT program . Chertoff played down risks . "  Moving to 10 fingerprints is completely consistent with , and in fact enhances , our ability to protect , " he said . "  We view privacy as a fundamental human right and preserving it is an integral part of our mission . " Travel and tourism groups fear that more barriers to international travel will make foreigners less likely to visit the United States . Discover America Partnership , a trade group representing the tourism industry , is cautiously supporting the program , but urges a greater effort by the United States to make foreign travelers aware of the program . "  While reasonable , we must also recognize that the 10-finger scan technology may be perceived as a barrier to entry , " said Geoff Freeman , executive director of Discover America Partnership , in a news release . "  We must balance this and other barriers with clear communications and a welcoming message . " E-mail to a friend	The new 10-print system was rolled out in late November at Dulles The program , known as US-VISIT , had previously used only two fingerprints The 10-print policy will extend to all international airports late in 2008
CNN  -- Russian tennis star Alisa Kleybanova has released a statement confirming she has been diagnosed with cancer . Kleybanova , who is ranked 28th in the world , chose her 22nd birthday to reveal that she is suffering from Hodgkin 's Lymphoma . In the statement , which was published on the official WTA Tour website , Kleybanova said : "  It 's not an easy time for me right now . I 've been a bit unlucky with my health . I have Hodgkin 's lymphoma , a form of cancer . " She continued : "  I 've been having treatment in Italy and it has been going well , but it takes lots of patience and I 've had to be really strong to go through this . "  The good news is after I have treatment for a few more months , if I feel well , there 's a chance I 'll be able to play tennis again . " The statement added : "  There are a few reasons I 'm undergoing treatment in Italy . First , I have a training base and many close friends here , so it 's like home . "  Secondly , they have a really great hospital here that specializes in this problem . I 've been going there since the problem started , so the doctors know me well . It 's the best place for me to be , the surroundings help me stay strong , " she added . Kleybanova , who has won two WTA Tour titles -- at Kuala Lumpur in 2010 and in Seoul in 2008 -- went on to say : "  I am a strong person . I 've shown it before . "  Obviously this is different than anything I 've ever experienced , this is the toughest time in my life , and I hope it always stays the toughest time in my life . "  I 'm sure I 'll be able to overcome this -- it 's just a matter of patience and time . When this is over , everything will be even better than it was before . " Kleybanova , whose best grand slam performances came at Wimbledon in 2008 and the 2009 Australian Open , has already been inundated with messages of support from her fellow-players . Germany 's Julia Gorges wrote on her Twitter site : "  girl i wish u all the best " , while Britain 's Laura Robson also tweeted : "  Wishing Alisa Kleybanova all the best as she battles Hodgkin 's Lymphoma . Will miss her on Tour , great player and lovely person . " Meanwhile , the WTA also released a statement , adding : "  The thoughts of the WTA and the entire tennis family are with Alisa and her family at this difficult time . "  Alisa is a very strong and optimistic person and we wish her a speedy and full recovery . "	Russian tennis player Alisa Kleybanova reveals she has a form of cancer The 22-year-old is undergoing treatment in Italy for Hodgkin 's Lymphoma The world number 28 has won two WTA Tour titles during her career
CNN  -- How do you go back to work when one of your colleagues has been seriously injured ? That is the reality facing the field of Formula One drivers just days after French racer Jules Bianchi suffered a potentially devastating type of brain injury at the Japanese Grand Prix . "  It 's principally business as usual , " John Watson , who raced in the sport 's attritional era of the 1970s and 80s , told CNN . "  But it will affect some more than others . "  Today 's generation of drivers have never seen what they had to deal with on Sunday . It will make them realize that they are no longer infallible . " Bianchi underwent surgery Sunday at Mie General Hospital and remains in a critical but stable condition , his family said in a statement Tuesday . The 25-year-old 's Marussia car collided with a recovery vehicle as heavy rain sent slick rivers down the demanding Suzuka circuit . The race was red-flagged soon afterwards , a few laps short of the race distance , with Lewis Hamilton declared winner . As the drivers climbed out of the cars , they were met by grim-faced team members explaining that one of their number was injured . There were muted celebrations on the podium for Hamilton , his Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg and Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel ; the champagne stayed on ice . Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso gave an insight into the brooding preoccupation the accident brought him , writing on Twitter Sunday night : "  Difficult to sleep ... #ForzaJules . " This experienced band and their peers will climb back into the cockpits and resume racing at this week 's inaugural Russian Grand Prix while Bianchi continues his personal fight in Japan . David Brabham can empathize . He faced the queasy dilemma of driving in the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix after his teammate Roland Ratzenberger had been killed in qualifying the day before . The Australian , son of three-time world champion Jack Brabham , decided he would compete in the fateful Imola race that would also take the life of Brazilian hero Ayrton Senna . "  When an accident like that happens it hits you like a bolt of lightning , " Brabham told CNN . "  I made a decision to race because I said ` we have to keep the show on the road . ' I knew Roland well enough to know he would have said ` if it 's safe get out there . ' "  We raced for him as well , and it was the only way I could pick the team up to continue what we had to do . " Dancing with danger is part of the job description for each and every racing driver . Last week 's race at Suzuka was , however , made more complex by rain swirling around the incoming Typhoon Phanfone . When the race began at 3pm local time , the field completed two opening laps behind the safety car before being called back to the pit lane to wait until track conditions improved . The race restarted after a 20-minute delay and Bianchi 's accident came as more heavy rain coincided with fading day light as the race reached its climax . The events stirred echoes of the 1976 Japanese Grand Prix when Niki Lauda effectively handed the world title to rival James Hunt by choosing not to race as a deluge swamped the Fuji circuit . Lauda , now a guiding voice for the Mercedes drivers as the team 's non-executive chairman , argued his life was worth more than the world title . In contrast , Watson , racing for the Penske-Ford team , was one of the drivers who decided to drive despite the dangers . "  I raced . I had no problem , " Watson recalls . "  The conditions were diabolical all through Sunday . "  At Fuji , when we started the race , the track conditions were very bad probably every bit as bad , if not worse , than Suzuka . "  Japan has a different attitude to the role of a sportsman , you 're a samurai in a way to the Japanese public . "  There was a championship to be decided , F1 was just beginning to make a global footprint in terms of television . There was huge pressure . "  But it 's what you do . We just started the race and got on with it . In a sense that was our job . "  Every driver has a right to say no and not compete but if you said that individually , as Lauda and others did in Fuji , in some quarters that would be considered : ` Are you a racing driver or are you a racing driver ? ' " An intrinsic element of fearless machismo may well help drive today 's racers as they line up on the grid for the Russian Grand Prix . The Sochi Autodrom , built around the Sochi Olympic Park on the Black Sea coast , will present a fresh and completely different challenge but there will be inevitable distractions from Suzuka . "  It 's not easy , " says Brabham . "  When they go to Russia to race there will be a lingering thought about the accident . "  I know from my experience in 1994 how difficult it can be . You still do your job but there 's a little bit of edge that could be missing . "  The minds in Formula One wo n't be as clear as they normally are . " It has been 20 years since the sport 's last fatalities when Senna and Ratzenberger lost their lives in consecutive days at Imola . That dark weekend prompted a sea change in F1 's safety standards , a process which is ongoing . Helmet safety improved with Head and Neck Support  HANS  devices made obligatory while run-off areas at the tracks were increased and many corners were modified to reduce G-forces , for example . But Watson argues such vast improvements in safety have dulled the fear factor of today 's F1 heroes . "  In our day it was an occupational hazard , " says Watson of facing the reality of a potentially fatal accident . "  We never knew one day or the next if we would be a victim or just roll on to the next race . "  Because of the incredible safety improvements , the ferocity of some of the accidents in contrast to the lack of fatality and serious injury is incredible . "  Today 's generation have seen massive accidents and the driver is able to walk away and return to his car for the next race . "  The side effect of this is that it 's created a sense of indestructibility in the minds of some of the drivers , if not all of them . "  They 've got such good safety facilities and car safety . So they feel , not bulletproof but as close to that as you can become . " Bianchi 's accident has proved that may no longer be the case and that reality may still be being absorbed by the drivers . Felipe Massa , the last F1 racer to suffer a serious injury when he fractured his skull during the 2009 Hungarian GP weekend , visited the Mie General Hospital after the race on Sunday . Before he left the circuit , the Williams driver said he had been "  screaming on the radio ... that there was too much water on the track . " The drivers will gather together in Sochi for their usual pre-event meeting and Bianchi 's accident will surely be high on the agenda . The FIA said it has also started its own investigation into the incident . "  The drivers ' concerns are going to be raised by the Grand Prix Drivers ' Association and they will want answers as much as the FIA do , " Watson explains . "  It will be analyzed beyond navel gazing because it is a serious issue to understand what occurred . "  Was there fault with any of the parties ? Were the protocols strictly observed ? Did someone not respect the protocols ? That applies to Bianchi as much as it does to the corner workers retrieving the car and the flag marshals . " There is another cold reality in Russia -- the wheels of Formula One will continue to roll . Less than 24 hours after Bianchi 's accident , photos appeared and statuses changed on social media as the F1 community arrived in Russia for the next race . Marussia has asked for "  patience and understanding " as it copes with the fallout of Bianchi 's accident . The team , which has Russian backers , is yet to announce if it will run a replacement for Bianchi in Sunday 's race . "  Be under no misunderstanding , I imagine Marussia 's phone was ringing off the hook with drivers with budgets wanting to drive that car this weekend , " comments Watson . "  It 's a reality of life . "  As sad as this is for Jules Bianchi , a fine young man , who in my view probably did n't do anything wrong . "  He 's there fighting for his life and the team have to get on with the job of running two cars on Sunday . " Brabham , who combines racing with a long-term plan to bring the famous Brabham marque back to motorsport , is philosophical about what will drive F1 and its main protagonists this weekend . "  Life either gives you pain when you think about something or it does n't , " he says . "  There is always a respect of the risk involved -LSB- in racing -RSB- but you have to be firm in your mind about what it is you 're trying to achieve . "  Things happen for reasons that sometimes you do n't understand , yet there are many things to learn from those experiences . " Watch : Racing through the Sochi Autodrom	Formula One must get back to business at the Russian GP on Friday five days after Jules Bianchi 's crash The 25-year-old Marussia driver remains seriously ill in a Japanese hospital Former driver John Watson says modern F1 drivers sees themselves as "  indestructible " David Brabham says accidents like this can "  hit you like a bolt of lightning . "
CNN  -- It would be no exaggeration to say that we spend the 89 minutes of "  Paranormal Activity 3 " waiting -- taut with tension -- to see a face . Not just any face , mind you . A face of nightmare terror and shivery awe , one that will shoot a scary volt of revelation right through us . We 're never entirely sure if that face is going to arrive , but the anticipation is everything . The movie sets us up for it early on , with an amazing shock as a closet door is opened . Of course , we 're also waiting because , with two other "  Paranormal Activity " films behind it , "  Paranormal Activity 3 " implicitly understands that we 've been through enough tricks in these movies -- the doors that open and slam shut , the thuds and booms and scratchy skitters on the soundtrack , the kitchen utensils that fall with a crash , the spectral shapes that you can almost make out -- to now want to see something more . "  Paranormal Activity 3 " features variations on every one of the tricks I just mentioned , and a few additional ones  they all work  , but more than the first two films , it tweaks our desire to put a face on evil . The movie is a prequel , set in September 1988 , though it does n't exactly look like an '80s period piece . The spacious , high-ceilinged Carlsbad , California , tract home in which it takes place looks a lot like the one in the more contemporary "  Paranormal Activity 2 , " with tastefully bland furniture that might have come out of the Raymour & Flanigan suburban-gothic collection . This time , the family consists of Dennis  Christopher Nicholas Smith , who 's like a skinny young Gary Dell ` Abate  , a wedding videographer who has banks of monitors and editing equipment in his home studio ; his big-haired sexy wife , Julie  Lauren Bittner  ; and her two preteen daughters from a previous marriage . They are Katie  Chloe Csengery  , who will grow up to be the Katie Featherstone character in the first film , and angel-faced Kristi  Jessica Tyler Brown  , from "  Paranormal Activity 2 , " here an enigmatic child who can communicate with the spirit world . It 's one of this haunted-house movie 's best jokes that the ghost on hand is Kristi 's invisible friend , " Toby , " whom she talks to with a mixture of intimacy and intimidated formality . As soon as the family begins to hear mysterious sounds in their new home , Dennis insists on rigging up a handful of video cameras as makeshift surveillance devices . We get time-coded views of the parents ' and kids ' bedrooms -- and , most cleverly , there 's a camera mounted on the base of a rotating fan that pans back and forth , with fearful deliberation , from the kitchen , with its pristine white cabinets , to the living room , with its creepy looped lamp in the foreground . The directors , Ariel Schulman and Henry Joost , are the fascinatingly deadpan pranksters who made "  Catfish , " last year 's is-it-a-documentary-or-a-rigged-stunt ? investigation into the fake identities that people can forge on the Internet . They turn out to be the perfect filmmakers to create a banal surface reality that 's just warped enough to keep us on tenterhooks . The bottom line , for me , is this : I do n't scare easily at horror films  that 's one of the reasons I tend to pan them  , but I watched "  Paranormal Activity 3 " in a state of high anxiety . Schulman and Joost have fun with the archetypal image of a white-sheeted costume ghost , but mostly what they 're aces at is timing . They know just how to thread a handheld camera up the stairs , down a hallway , and into the scattered bric-a-brac of a middle-class children 's bedroom , settling at just the right moment upon a talking teddy bear that plays as a joke , even as a part of you momentarily thinks : Is that bear possessed ? They also make terrific use of characters like Dennis 's assistant , a Napoleon Dynamite type , played with an infectious spark by Dustin Ingram , who ends up huddling in a darkened bathroom with young Katie for a scary game of " Bloody Mary "  say it three times and wait to see what happens  . There 's no denying that the "  Paranormal Activity " films adhere , by now , to a formula ; this one , almost by definition , lacks the originality that made the first one so startling . But when you consider how the grimy , mangle-fest "  Saw " sequels have ruled the Halloween season in recent years , it 's refreshing to think that the spook-show franchise that has now caught the popular imagination has replaced depravity and sadism with a 21st-century , video-reality version of old-school campfire shivers . In her review of "  The Shining , " Pauline Kael asked -- derisively -- " Who wants to see evil in daylight , through a wide-angle lens ? " The answer , it turns out , is everybody . EW.com rating : A - See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Paranormal Activity 3 " implicitly understands that we 've been through enough tricks The movie is a prequel , set in September 1988 Katie  Chloe Csengery  , will grow up to be the Katie Featherstone in the first film
CNN  -- Australian MotoGP star Casey Stoner will leave Ducati at the end of the season to join Japanese manufacturer Honda . The 24-year-old actually made his MotoGP debut with the satellite LCR Honda outfit in 2006 before moving to Ducati , where he won the world title in 2007 . "  We are very pleased that Casey will join Honda again next year , " the factory-team 's vice president Shuhei Nakamoto told the official MotoGP website . "  Clearly he is one of the top riders in MotoGP and he will bring valuable speed and experience to our team . "  We already have two very strong and experienced riders in Dani Pedrosa and Andrea Dovizioso who are performing very well and currently hold second and third positions in the 2010 World Championship . "  We hope to retain these two riders for next year -- giving us what would be a truly formidable line-up . " Stoner added : "  I have decided to move on . I will have new challenges in the future and different obstacles to overcome , but I will not forget these years with Ducati and the people I have had the privilege to work with . " World champion Valentino Rossi is now expected to leave Yamaha to link-up with his fellow-Italians at Ducati . Rossi is currently recuperating from a broken leg suffered at the Italian Grand Prix last month but is expected to return before the end of the season .	Australian MotoGP star Casey Stoner will leave Ducati at the end of the current season The 24-year-old will rejoin Honda , the manufacturer he made his debut with in 2006 Stoner will join Dani Pedrosa and Andrea Dovizioso in a formidable line-up next year World champion Valentino Rossi is now expected to leave Yamaha to link-up with Ducati
Thinking about picking up a Wii U this Sunday when it goes on sale ? Already have one preordered ? Maybe you 're planning to brave the lines in hopes of lucking out ? It 's not too late to change your mind , one way or the other . I 've had a Wii U for the past week , and while I 'm not allowed to tell you what I think about the system overall until Sunday , I 've pulled together a list of points worth considering before you pull the trigger . It 's pre-sold out , everywhere . Really . Visit the website of any major retailer that carries video games and you 'll find the Wii U is either long gone or was n't being pre-sold in the first place . The only way to guarantee a system , day one , is to purchase through an auction site like eBay or through retailers that allow third-party sales like Amazon . It 's likely you 'll pay dearly if you do , of course -- from $ 400 or $ 500 to upwards of $ 3,000 . You can always stand in line . Many retailers held units back to have on hand , day one , or simply did n't offer pre-sales . You 'll want to check with your local stores for their launch day plans , but this is arguably the best route to nab a Wii U at launch if you did n't preorder and do n't want to pay scalper prices . Nintendo says it should have plenty to go around . Not on day one , but Nintendo has publicly committed to having more Wii U units in stores during the first week than it did for the Wii six years ago , and it 's doubled down on that claim by stating it 'll replenish systems "  much more frequently " during the holiday than it did for the Wii . The Wii U is n't just a Wii plus a DS . It may look like a Wii plus a DS , and it clearly shares second-screen DNA with the DS , but it 's not a DS . The DS is about what you can do when you put a second screen right next to the first screen and both of those in a device that fits in your hands . The Wii U is about what you can do if you make one of the screens your TV , snap off the other , then let it wander . And it 's not really possible for more than one person to play a DS , whereas multiple players  in the same room  are a key part of the Wii U experience . It 's also more than just a souped up Wii . The Wii was arguably just a souped up GameCube with a motion sensor . The Wii U is much more than just a souped up Wii with a tablet controller . It still supports Wii-style motion controls , but its insides are totally different -- either as or more powerful than  depending which developer you talk to  current-gen systems like the Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 . It 's also the first HD-capable Nintendo console in the company 's history , and so far I 'm finding that makes a pretty big difference for the visual artistry , say , in a game like New Super Mario Bros. . U. Initial game port fidelity varies , but this tells us little . Running visual comparisons of Batman : Arkham City , I found that while it looks great on the Wii U , the Xbox 360 version 's textures tend to be sharper , especially when viewing distant objects . I 've also noticed significant slowdown in the Wii U version of Epic Mickey 2  it was only added as a launch title in early October  . What does that mean ? It 's hard to say . Arkham City is a port of a year-old game that was n't handled by the original developer . New systems can have steep learning curves , especially when it comes to ports . So while we 're probably about to be inundated with visual and performance comparisons , I do n't think they 'll tell us much about what the Wii U can or ca n't do , long term . The games only support one Wii U GamePad . The Wii U comes with just one Wii U GamePad , and Nintendo is n't selling the GamePad as a separate SKU  not yet , anyway  . There 's been plenty of speculation about why this is , but regardless of the real reason , you 'll want to be aware that wielding the GamePad is a one-person affair  though it 's still possible for up to four other local players to tap into a supported game using Wii Remotes  . According to Nintendo : "  In the future , the Wii U console will support , depending on the software , two Wii U GamePad controllers . " Both the Basic and Deluxe models come with an HDMI cable . And only an HDMI cable . You 'd expect the Wii U to forego Component or S-Video , but game consoles usually include a low-end composite cable  red and white for stereo audio , the yellow connector pooling the red , green and blue video signals , which causes color bleed , creating a fuzzier image  . Nintendo gets credit for being first to ditch composite entirely , which is kind of historic , since the composite standard came into existence back in 1954 . The $ 350 Deluxe model is a significantly better deal than the $ 300 Basic model . NintendoLand , the Wii Sports-like showcase game that comes with the Wii U , sells for $ 60 standalone , so that it 's a pack-in with the Deluxe model justifies the extra $ 50 alone . But the Deluxe also includes 32 GB of internal storage  the Basic only has 8 GB , and roughly 4 GB of that is earmarked for system data  , a Wii U GamePad charging cradle , a Wii U GamePad stand and a Wii U console stand . Nintendo 's so clearly aiming buyers at the Deluxe model , it 'll be a wonder if they sell any Basic systems at all . The Wii U is backward compatible with the Wii . I ca n't confirm this yet , because the system update necessary to allow the Wii U to play Wii games has n't arrived , but Nintendo says it 's a sure thing . One feature the Wii U wo n't offer : visual benefits , say upscaling or post-processing , as Sony did for PS1 games on the PS2 and PS2 games on the PS3 . According to Nintendo : "  It 's possible to play your Wii games on the Wii U , but no , we have n't announced anything about making any changes to those games in any way or changing how they would appear on the Wii U. " It has no built-in achievement or aggregate scoring system . Love or hate gamer scores and achievements ? You 'll either love or hate the Wii U . While developers are free to include in-game achievements , Nintendo offers no overarching mechanism for tracking games you 've completed or accomplishments within . A possible upside for achievement-lovers ? If you 're secretly tired of the compulsive , competitive achievement grind , the Wii U offers liberation -- a chance to go back to playing games for love of the games instead of an arbitrary number . Wii U games are more expensive than Wii games . Wii games sold on average for $ 50 . Wii U games will sell on average for $ 60 . Nintendo 's just playing catchup here , so it 's hard to fault the company for raising prices . Just bear in mind that the total cost of owning a Wii U over time is going to be notably higher than it was for owning a Wii . The GamePad is also a TV remote . Nintendo places a TV button right on the Wii U GamePad . Press it , and a touchscreen overlay appears , allowing you to change the channel , bring up your TV guide , turn the power on or off , or adjust the volume , all without reaching for your TV 's native remote . It 's a modest convenience , but a convenience nonetheless . It 's exactly as mobile  or not  as Nintendo says it is . Nintendo claims the Wii U GamePad works away from the base station up to 24 feet . That sounds about right , based on my tests . Your mileage will vary depending on what 's in your walls , where you put the base station , what else you 're doing  wirelessly speaking  , etc. . But 24 feet is n't a lot of space , range-wise , meaning the layout of your residence is going to determine whether you can play it in a separate room away from the main one . We still have no idea what the online experience is like . TVii , Miiverse , Nintendo eShop and Wii U Chat are all missing in action at this point , so we have no idea how they work , if they work or what they 'll add to the bottom line . With a little luck , Nintendo will remedy this in time for us to talk about this stuff pre-launch , but it 's entirely possible day-one reviews will be limited to commenting on the system and games only . Bear that in mind if you 're interested in the online features -- especially stuff like TVii -- and awaiting impressions or verdicts .	Wii U , Nintendo 's new gaming system , goes on sale Sunday At many retailers , the Wii U is either long gone or was n't being pre-sold The Wii U is much more than just a souped up Wii with a tablet controller Total cost of owning a Wii U over time will be notably higher than for owning a Wii
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama called Monday for Congress to approve a $ 50 billion plan to begin upgrading the nation 's crumbling infrastructure , saying such an investment is vital to creating much-needed construction jobs and keeping the nation competitive in the global economy . In a Rose Garden statement at the White House , Obama called for bipartisan support when Congress returns after the November 2 mid-term elections so that the first phase of a proposed six-year infrastructure development plan can begin . "  We 've always had the best infrastructure , " Obama said , noting that one in five construction workers are unemployed right now . "  This is work that needs to be done . There are workers ready to do it . All we need is political will . " The president first announced the plan on Labor Day , and present and former Cabinet members as well as some governors and mayors around the nation joined him to support the initiative . Despite their call , it remains uncertain if the issue can overcome the deep partisan divide in Congress , especially after an election expected to erode Democratic majorities in both chambers or even return Republicans to control . The main Republican campaign theme for the upcoming election has been excessive government spending under Obama and the Democratic-controlled Congress that has failed to lower the unemployment rate below 9 percent . In particular , Republicans say the $ 787 billion economic stimulus bill passed last year has failed to bring promised jobs and other economic benefits . Obama and Democrats say the stimulus bill prevented the recession that began in the previous administration from worsening into a full economic depression . Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood responded sharply on that topic when questioned by reporters Monday about whether new infrastructure spending would provide better results than the stimulus bill . Noting that the $ 48 billion in stimulus money for the transportation sector funded 14,000 projects that employed thousands of people , LaHood said that Americans know the bill worked "  because they see their friends and neighbors working on roads and bridges and transit systems . " "  The idea that our stimulus did n't work is nonsense , " he said . Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell , a Democrat and strong Obama supporter , called stimulus spending on infrastructure "  the single best job creator we can do in this country . " "  It created well-paying jobs that ca n't be outsourced , " Rendell said . "  It 's just what the economy needs . " A study by the Department of Treasury and the Council of Economic Advisers shows a majority of infrastructure-related jobs would come in the construction field , followed by manufacturing and retail . LaHood added that Congress has traditionally passed transportation bills containing infrastructure investment with strong bipartisan support . "  There are no Democratic or Republicans bridges or roads , " he said , adding that Democratic Rep. Jim Oberstar of Minnesota , the chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , told him there is Republican support for new infrastructure investment . Obama and LaHood said the cost of new investment would be paid for , rather than adding to the debt . However , LaHood stopped short of offering specific ways to do so , saying only that a number of options were being considered . Senior administration officials say private funds also would be used for the infrastructure overhaul . They suggested the $ 50 billion from Congress could be paid for by closing loopholes in the tax code related to oil and gas production or through other cost-cutting measures . CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this story .	NEW : Obama calls for a $ 50 billion plan to start upgrading infrastructure NEW : Transportation secretary calls claims that stimulus bill failed "  nonsense " Some Republicans attend a meeting with the president on the matter The $ 50 billion could be paid for by closing tax code loopholes , some officials say
CNN  -- Several of Michael Jackson 's comeback concerts in London have been postponed until next year because producers ca n't be ready in time for the July debut , according to a "  Dear Customer " e-mail sent to ticket holders Wednesday . Michael Jackson gestures to the crowd at the March announcement of his series of London concerts . The delay comes days after the concert promoter said Jackson was in good health , contrary to media reports he was diagnosed with skin cancer . Jackson 's "  This Is It " shows were to begin July 8 at London 's 20,000-capacity O2 Arena . "  It was not an easy decision to change the schedule but in the end we wanted to ensure that all of Michael 's fans attending the concerts get the same quality in staging and level of entertainment , " said the Ticketmaster e-mail sent to someone who bought tickets for the third show . "  In order to deliver a phenomenal and unprecedented show -- the first show on the 8th July will take place on 13th July 2009 , " according AEG Live , the promoter of the London concerts . "  The subsequent shows on 10th July will be moved to 1st March 2010 , 12th July will be moved to 3rd March 2010 , and the show on the 14th July will be moved to 6th March 2010 . " The delay is "  due to the sheer magnitude " of the concerts , AEG said . The decision "  to move back a few of the opening shows " was needed "  in order to meet the challenges presented by such a massive and technically complex show , " it said . Randy Phillips , president and CEO of AEG Live , last week denied reports that Jackson had skin cancer . "  He 's as healthy as he can be -- no health problems whatsoever , " the executive told CNN on Saturday . "  Michael , who is directly involved with all aspects of the styling/choreography/band selection and rehearsals , is working around the clock to ensure this is the show to end all shows ! " AEG said in it 's delay announcement . Jackson held open auditions for dancers last month at the Nokia Theater in Los Angeles , California . Promoters released a video this week showing that process and ending with a clip of the 12 dancers who were chosen meeting Jackson in an undisclosed gym in the Los Angeles area , where he has been preparing for the shows . Ticketmaster , in its e-mail , assured the ticket holders they would "  have the same seat originally purchased . " "  You do not have to do anything as you will be automatically allocated the same seats and moved to the revised date , " it said .	Michael Jackson was scheduled to perform 50 shows starting July 8 Several shows being postponed until 2010 because of "  sheer magnitude " Jackson health said to be fine , despite UK rumors
CNN  -- The bodies of a man and a girl were found inside a vehicle belonging to a suspect in an Amber Alert case , authorities said . Authorities believe 2-year-old Madeline Samaan-Fay was abducted by her father , Mourad "  Moni " Samaan . An Amber Alert was issued Friday for Madeline , who was last seen a week ago in Sacramento . In a written statement , the FBI in Sacramento , California , said the bodies were found in Samaan 's vehicle Saturday night but did not identify the bodies , saying more information would be released later . The green Toyota 4Runner was found in a remote area of El Dorado County , near Placerville , California , the FBI said . "  The Amber Alert system has been put in place so that we can hopefully locate and safely take people back into custody and put the child back , if that 's the case , " El Dorado County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Lt. Bryan Golmitz told CNN affiliate KCRA . "  When you end up with cases like this , it 's tough . " Calls made Sunday afternoon to the FBI and sheriff 's office , inquiring about the identity of the two bodies were not immediately returned . In an earlier news release , the FBI described the father as a 49-year-old Egyptian-born U.S. citizen . The federal agency called the circumstances of the abduction "  particularly concerning , " adding that officials have reason to believe that the child 's life may be in danger . The girl , Madeline , has brown hair and brown eyes , weighs about 28 pounds and stands 2 feet , 8 inches tall , according to the Amber Alert . The FBI was working on the case along with members of the Sacramento Police Department , the Sacramento County Sheriff , the California Highway Patrol and the California Department of Justice .	NEW : A sheriff 's spokesman says "  when you end up with cases like this , it 's tough " Authorities are not yet identifying the bodies in the vehicle The vehicle belongs to Mourad "  Moni " Samaan Samaan has been suspected of abducting his 2-year-old daughter
Budget Travel  -- Prohibition-style bars and speakeasies have been popping up all over , but these lounges go beyond the gimmicks in their near obsessive devotion to the art of old-time cocktails and decor . The perpetually packed Beehive in Boston is known for its Beehive julep and champagne cocktails . The Edison , Los Angeles , California The 1920s scene at legendary watering holes like the Cocoanut Grove and Ciro 's of Hollywood inspired this cavernous lounge , where current industry players mingle in their best vintage cocktail dresses and blazers . The Edison is in the basement of a former power plant ; leather furniture surrounds preserved industrial elements like furnaces and power generators . Silent movies play on brick walls , and a circus troupe performs weekly . On Soup Kitchen Fridays , drinks mixed from house-made Bath Tub Gin are 35 cents from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. and come with free grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup . edisondowntown.com . The Violet Hour , Chicago , Illinois Luxurious floor-to-ceiling velvet curtains create intimate spaces inside the Violet Hour , discreetly hidden behind an unmarked , wood-paneled door . Circles of high-backed leather chairs and the warm glow from crystal chandeliers and working fireplaces encourage conversation . So does a strict no-cell-phones policy . Eight kinds of ice -- shards , crushed and cubes of varying shapes -- are tailored to specific drinks , which gives an idea of how seriously this bar takes its cocktails . A favorite is the Juliet and Romeo , Beefeater gin with mint , cucumber and rosewater  $ 12  . theviolethour.com . Budget Travel gallery : See the bars APO Bar + Lounge , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Look for the pharmacy cross marking the entrance to APO , short for apothecary -- a place where ingredients like gin and bitters were put to medicinal use way before the cocktail was born . Inside the sleek , green-hued lounge , barkeeps sporting '30s - style suits serve cocktails spruced up with creative , unusual ingredients . The Booty Collins , for instance , is green-tea-infused gin with brandied cherries , passion fruit and homemade seltzer , finished with agave nectar , cayenne pepper and fresh valerian root  $ 10  . The bar recently introduced a simpler recession-proof menu of $ 6 drinks that lose the exotic accents and just mix fine spirits with fresh fruit juices . apothecarylounge.com . Flatiron Lounge , New York City In a landmark 1900 building in Manhattan 's Flatiron District , this lounge evokes jazz-age glamour with velvet bar stools , red circular booths and an entire wall covered in blue vintage mirrored-glass tiles . The anchor is the 1927 mahogany bar salvaged from The Ballroom , where Frank Sinatra partied . Painstakingly crafted drinks range from fresh-fruit-infused cocktails  $ 13  to daily martini flights -- three mini cocktails with a common theme , such as the Flight Back in Time , featuring a Sazerac , a Sidecar and an Aviation martini  $ 22  . flatironlounge.com . The Beehive , Boston , Massachusetts Named for a Paris café des artistes that once hosted artists Marc Chagall and Amadeo Modigliani , this Moulin Rouge-esque supper club presents jazz , cabaret and burlesque performances on a shimmering stage draped with theatrical red-velvet curtains . At round stage-side tables , diners feast on stick-to-your-ribs comfort food like gravy-smothered poutine . Chandeliers hang among exposed pipes over the perpetually packed bar , known for champagne cocktails and Beehive juleps  $ 10.50  . beehiveboston.com . Velvet Tango Room , Cleveland , Ohio This funky 1800s brick house was a speakeasy during the '20s , and it feels like not much has changed since then , as evidenced by the well-used jazz piano and the secret room hidden behind a two-way mirror . Bartenders measure ingredients on scales to ensure exact proportions go into cocktails  $ 15  made with throwback mixers like frothy egg whites , fresh-brewed bitters and homemade ginger soda . velvettangoroom.com . Illusions Magic Bar , Baltimore , Maryland With custom-made chandeliers above the cherry wood bar and jazz and swing played on the piano , Illusions gives the impression of being like any other roaring '20s - themed jazz club . Not so on Friday and Saturday evenings , when the stage -- cut into the middle of the bar -- hosts a one-hour vaudeville-style magic show  $ 5 cover  . House magician Spencer Horsman escapes from a straitjacket while hanging upside down from the ceiling , a feat best appreciated while sipping a multilayered "  magic " martini of Hpnotiq liqueur , Stoli raspberry vodka , pineapple juice and Chambord  $ 12  . The low-key second-floor lounge has leather sofas and retro magician posters that go nicely with Magic Hat beers  $ 3  . illusionsmagicbar.com . Shanghai 1930 , San Francisco , California China 's largest metropolis was known as the Paris of the Orient during the pre-WWII era , when diplomats , artists and expats mingled at over-the-top Chinese dining palaces . That decadent ambience is re-created at this supper club , which has dark wood booths , art deco red-velvet chairs and ornate Chinese rugs . After feasting on opulent dishes like minced roast duck in lettuce petals  $ 13  guests retire to the backlit Blue Bar for live jazz and absinthe-spiked cocktails  $ 9 - $ 14  . shanghai1930.com . Sazerac Bar , New Orleans , Louisiana The fabled bar that first popularized the Ramos Gin Fizz and its namesake Sazerac reopened on July 1 in the revamped Roosevelt Hotel . Paul Nina 's original art deco murals adorn the walls of the bar , which has been closed since Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . Also inside the hotel , the legendary Blue Room supper club -- where Louis Armstrong and Jimmy Durante cut their chops -- will once again host periodic evenings of Dixieland jazz and big band music . therooseveltneworleans.com . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	The Velvet Tango Room in Cleveland was a speakeasy during the '20s The Violet Hour in Chicago mixes cocktails with eight kinds of ice In Boston , The Beehive presents jazz , cabaret and burlesque performances
CNN  -- The aroma of rich coffee wafts through the air as Xolile Malindi leans behind the counter of House of Machines , a hip cafÃ © in the heart of Cape Town . Opposite him , a young customer approaches the bar , taking his wallet out to pay for his double espresso made of organic Arabica beans . "  Have you ever heard of this program called the SnapScan ? " Malindi , who is the coffee shop 's day manager , asks quickly . "  You pay with your phone , " he continues . "  A lot of places are using it in Cape Town -- it 's quite amazing . " House of Machines is just one of dozens of stores here where customers can find SnapScan , an award-winning new digital mobile payment method developed in South Africa . The smartphone app , which is free to download , allows buyers to pay for goods using their phone , without having to worry about carrying cash or credit cards . How it works Each SnapScan-connected store has a unique code that is linked to their bank account . When customers want to pay , they can scan the code with their SnapScan smartphone app , which then brings up the store where they are making the purchase . "  All you do is you type in the amount and punch in the PIN and press send and it 's gone -- it 's all done , " explains Malindi . "  You 've got your secret code  four-digit PIN  , so if your phone goes missing for example , you do n't have to worry about people using your phone , " he adds . The transaction is complete with SnapScan charging the customer 's debit or credit card for the amount they are paying -- similar to a normal card payment . Cutting-edge Using your phone to pay for goods and services is nothing new in Africa , a continent where there are more than 720 million mobile phones . Services such as M-Pesa , the revolutionary Kenyan mobile payment system that allows people to bypass banks and pay bills , withdraw salaries and transfer cash electronically , have transformed the way people and business operate . Meanwhile , Africa 's smartphone market is expected to double over the following four years -- at the moment , South Africa is reportedly the biggest smartphone market in sub-Saharan Africa , with a 19 % penetration . And as smartphones increase , the paying methods are also becoming smarter . "  If you look at mobile payments specifically , Africa is actually one of the leaders in this space , " says Kobus Ehlers , co-founder of the SnapScan app . "  SnapScan was developed in South Africa for the African market , so we try to find really local and relevant solutions and I think it 's going to get a massive uptake , " he adds . "  Technology in general is going to get a massive uptake in Africa as we do n't have those legacy systems , " continues Ehlers . "  People are n't used to using credit cards for example , they can skip right ahead and start using cutting-edge payment technology . " Cashless society Right now , SnapScan is only available at formal merchants but the hope is that the e-currency could flow from the phones of customers to the accounts of informal merchants too . It can even be used to send remittances . Ehlers says that the hope of a cashless society is possible for Africa . "  Quite a large portion of people have access to a smartphone and by leveraging that technology we can provide payments that were previously impossible , " he says . "  That really is an empowering thing for most people in Africa who have n't got access to formal infrastructure to provide those services . " John Campbell heads up the Beyond Payments division of Standard Bank , which partners with innovators such as SnapScan to create banking solutions . He says that lack of traditional infrastructure often leads to creative solutions . "  In other territories where that infrastructure was not available , that infrastructure has been leapfrogged by the use of mobile , " explains Campbell . "  M-Pesa in Kenya is a good example of that , where money goes straight to your mobile -- your mobile number almost becomes your account number , that 's effectively what happens . " Back in the House of Machines , Malindi keeps on introducing the new payment method to his customers . "  It 's way better as opposed to using your credit card or cash , " he says , adding that he was surprised to find out that SnapScan was a tech company that started in South Africa . "  I thought it 's one of the things that we get from overseas , " says Malindi . "  When I found out this is African-launched I was ` wow , here we go Africa , here we come , we 're rocking the world ! ' " READ THIS : Africa 's smartphone future READ THIS : 10 startups you need to know	SnapScan is an award-winning app allowing buyers to pay with their smartphone Users do not need to worry about carrying cash or losing their credit cards Mobile apps are changing the way business is done in many African countries The continent is a global leader in digital mobile payments
CNN  -- A Mississippi teenager faces 27 years in prison after running over and killing a man walking along a rural highway in a case the victim 's family called a hate crime . Matthew Darby , 18 , pleaded guilty earlier this week to manslaughter in the July 2012 death of 61-year-old Johnny Lee Butts . Companions put Darby at the wheel of the white Chevrolet that hit Butts from behind on a highway in Panola County , about 150 miles north of Jackson . Butts was black . Two teens who were in the car the morning Butts was killed said they and Darby -- all white -- had been drinking vodka and smoking marijuana all night . The Monte Carlo hit Butts with such force that the windshield collapsed into the car , bending the steering wheel back sharply . His leg was nearly severed , and his body was found more than 170 feet from where he was struck , according to court records . Investigators estimate the vehicle was traveling somewhere between 55 and 70 mph . Butts ' family told CNN they believed their father was killed because he was black and questioned why the murder charge against Darby did n't reflect that . Darby 's lawyer , Tony Farese , told reporters earlier this week that the death was no hate crime , but "  a tragic situation by young people who were intoxicated . " Butts ' family met with Darby in jail for three hours last week , their lawyer , Wilbur Colom , said Thursday . Colom said the teen was extremely remorseful and asked for forgiveness but never admitted anything about a hate crime . "  In the end , we were not convinced it was n't a hate crime , " Colom said . "  But in the end , we were also not convinced we would get anything more desirable than 27 years . " Darby also pleaded guilty to a separate burglary count in a deal with prosecutors that a judge approved on Monday . He was sentenced to 20 years on the manslaughter charge and an additional , consecutive seven years for burglary , the district attorney 's office told CNN . CNN 's Scott Bronstein contributed to this report .	Matthew Darby pleads guilty to manslaughter and burglary He was accused of running over 61-year-old Johnny Lee Butts in Mississippi in 2012 The Butts family called it a hate crime ; Darby 's lawyer blamed ` intoxicated ' teens
BELLEVUE , Nebraska  CNN  -- A woman walked slowly toward the door of the abortion clinic when a nearby protester screamed , "  Do n't kill your baby ! " About 100 women 's rights supporters were on hand Saturday outside an abortion clinic in Bellevue , Nebraska . But the shouts on this day were drowned out by women 's rights groups who gathered at the Abortion & Contraception Clinic of Nebraska in Bellevue , just south of Omaha . "  Welcome ! Welcome ! This clinic stays open , " abortion supporters chanted in unison , their voices rising every time anti-abortion activists tried to shout at patients arriving at the clinic . Anti-abortion groups , led by Operation Rescue , and supporters of abortion rights rallied Saturday outside the clinic operated by LeRoy Carhart , one of the nation 's few remaining doctors who perform late-term abortions . Carhart was best friends with George Tiller , one of the world 's most well-known doctors performing abortions . Tiller was shot in the head at point-blank range on May 31 as services began at Reformation Lutheran Church in Wichita , Kansas . Scott Roeder , a 51-year-old anti-abortion activist , is charged in Tiller 's killing . He has pleaded not guilty . The rally in Bellevue came nearly three months to the day after Tiller 's killing . A massive police presence , including heavily armed rapid-response teams , monitored the demonstrators . Streets were blocked off , and police kept both sides separated with buffer zones in between . Abortion rights supporters outnumbered their opponents nearly 2 to 1 . Operation Rescue drove in two of their so-called Truth Trucks , delivery trucks with giant billboards of dismembered fetuses on the sides . The vehicles parked in a designated area outside the clinic to gasps from the women 's rights groups . Police used sniffer dogs to make sure the vehicles did not have any explosives before allowing them to park . Megan Belleavia called the trucks abortion "  pornography " that should n't be allowed . "  You ca n't stand out in the street corner and show pictures of a bare-breasted woman without getting in trouble , so why should they be able to show that ? " she said . About 50 anti-abortion demonstrators prayed near the trucks , asking God to forgive what was happening inside the clinic . One woman held a sign that said , " I like to listen to my Mommy 's voice . " About 10 people stood with red tape over their mouths , with the word "  Life " written across it . Mike Whitaker said the tape symbolized "  the silent cry that the babies have when they 're actually being killed in there . " As he spoke , about a dozen abortion-rights supporters stood on the clinic property , their backs to those who oppose abortions . "  A woman has a right to choose , " they sang . "  A lot of towns will have things that stick out , positive things . This is something that 's really a negative , a huge negative , for the city to have an abortion clinic here , " said Whitaker , a 30-year resident of Bellevue . Whitaker said he comes nearly every Saturday to pray for Carhart and those inside . Larry Donlan of Rescue the Heartland said , "  What we 're doing today is what we do every day that this killing center is open . We 're here to give assistance to mothers and pray for the dead and the wounded , " Donlan said . In all , about 100 women 's rights supporters were on hand , spread out over the clinic property and near its entrance . Dozens gathered along a main street holding signs that read "  Dr. Carhart is a hero " and "  Keep abortion legal . " When passing cars honked at them , they responded with loud hurrahs . Michelle Fadeley drove from the Chicago area to support Carhart . "  Someone who is willing to put his own life on the line to save thousands of other women 's lives is truly a hero , " said Fadeley , who works for a local Illinois chapter of the National Organization for Women . Anthony Hardwick of Omaha clutched a sign that read "  Women are not an incubator . " "  What it means to me is that women are not solely for the purpose of procreation . They 're not little vessels for men to plant their seeds in , " he said . Supporters of women 's rights groups spread the word ahead of Saturday 's demonstration that Operation Rescue was coming to protest outside Carhart 's clinic . In the wake of the killing of Tiller , they said they wanted to show up in large numbers ; supporters from at least 16 states were present Saturday . Troy Newman , the president of Operation Rescue , was unfazed by it all . He has pledged to try to shut down Carhart 's clinic . Operation Rescue and other anti-abortion groups have asked Nebraska Attorney General Jon Bruning to investigate the clinic , alleging it has "  an unacceptable safety risk to women . " Bruning has referred the matter to the state Department of Health and Human Services . A spokeswoman for the health department would only say they 're looking into the matter and that Carhart 's clinic has been in compliance with the law in previous inspections over the last decade . "  This is the beginning , not the end , " Newman said outside the clinic . "  All these NOW women will go home tomorrow , but we 're going to be embedded here in the community . " Inside , Carhart continued to perform abortions .	Protests take place nearly three months to the day Dr. George Tiller was killed Abortion supporters outnumber opponents 2 to 1 outside Dr. LeRoy Carhart 's clinic "  Welcome ! Welcome ! This clinic stays open , " abortion supporters chant in unison
NEW YORK  CNN  -- With strong sales and equally powerful praise , the July issue of Italian Vogue can be judged a resounding success . Chanel Iman is one of several models of color featured in the "  Black Issue " of Italian Vogue . Dubbed the "  Black Issue , " the magazine celebrates models of color from the past and present , including Donyale Luna , Liya Kebede , Naomi Campbell , Iman and Chanel Iman . Within 72 hours , the magazine sold out in the United States and Great Britain . Blog posts and e-mails about the beauty and historical significance of the issue began to flow -- and industry insiders were equally pleased . Praising renowned photographer Steven Meisel , who shot most of the issue 's fashion pictures , The New York Times fashion critic Cathy Horyn gushed , "  I think they are some of the best he 's done . ... They are crazily , softly beautiful , plainly the work of someone who knows women and fashion . " See what all the fuss is about " Another 40,000 copies of the "  Black Issue " were recently reprinted to meet the still strong demand . But will the all the hoopla translate into tangible change for black models in the fashion industry ? Will more color be seen on the runway and in magazines ? Many observers have their fingers crossed . "  All the agents were happy about the issue because it gives us hope that other people will catch on and decide that it 's OK to use more black girls , " said Carlos Ojeda , an agent at New York Models . "  It 's OK to have more than just one , and she does n't have to always be Naomi . " "  Italian Vogue is very influential around the world on an artistic level , " said Constance White , style director at eBay . "  That is the book that all the art directors , the photographers , any fashion editor looking for inspiration turns to ... and always has . It has always been the trendsetter , so hopefully people will look at it and say using black models is both relevant and right and will start doing it too . " Bethann Hardison , a legendary model agent-manager , said she has noticed a shift in the industry since she began holding town hall meetings last September to address the lack of diversity in fashion . The packed-to-the-rafters events quickly became the talk of the industry , and Hardison is widely credited with sparking the current movement . "  I started seeing more black models on the runway back in February , " she said , pointing to the shows of designers like Diane Von Furstenberg and Michael Kors as examples . "  I have already seen change , and I know that I will continue to see change . " Not all are nearly as optimistic , and fear the diversity issue will become as passe as the skinny-model debate of a few years ago . "  I hate to sound cynical , but by January , I feel like it will be back to business as usual , " Ojeda said . "  I want to be hopeful and positive , but a part of me does not want to get my hopes up . " "  Let 's see if Italian Vogue is going to be able to live up to the standards that they 've now set , " added one prominent New York-based stylist . "  You ca n't have an issue with all black girls , pat yourself on the back and say ` that 's it for the year . ' " Hardison is working hard to make sure that does n't happen . She 's already scheduled another town hall meeting for September , and she 's also planning a mixer to introduce fledgling models of color to industry players . "  We just have to keep the bar high , " Hardison said , "  and keep showing beautiful women and pictures . " Lola Ogunnaike is the entertainment correspondent for CNN 's American Morning .	Italian Vogue recently ran "  Black Issue " highlighting women of color Issue was huge success -- sold well , earned great reviews Observers wonder if impact will last
CNN  -- To project elections , CNN and its election experts use scientific statistical procedures to make estimates of the final vote count in each race . CNN will broadcast a projected winner only after an extensive review of data from a number of sources . CNN editorial policy strictly prohibits reporting winners or characterizing the outcome of a statewide contest in any state before all the polls are scheduled to close in every precinct in that state . CNN will receive information from the following sources : The Associated Press : The Associated Press will provide vote totals for each race . The AP will be gathering numbers via stringers based in each county or other jurisdiction where votes are tabulated . Edison Media Research : To assist CNN in collecting and evaluating this information , CNN , the other television networks and The Associated Press have employed Edison Media Research  EMR  . In previous elections , this firm has assisted CNN in projecting winners in state and national races . EMR will conduct exit polls , which ask voters their opinion on a variety of relevant issues , determine how they voted , and ask a number of demographic questions to allow analysis of voting patterns by group . Using exit poll results , scientifically selected representative precincts , vote results from The AP , and a number of sophisticated analysis techniques , EMR also recommends projections of a winner for each race it covers . Collecting data The process of projecting races begins by creating a sample of precincts . The precincts are selected by random chance , like a lottery , and every precinct in the state has an equal chance to be in the sample . They are not bellwether precincts or "  key " precincts . Each one does not mirror the vote in a state but the sample collectively does . The first indication of the vote comes from the exit polls conducted by EMR . On the day of the election , EMR interviewers stand outside of precincts in a given state . They count the people coming out after they have voted and are instructed to interview every third person or every fifth person , for example , throughout the voting day . The rate of selection depends on the number of voters expected at the polling place that day . They do this from the time the polling place opens until shortly before it closes . The interviewers give each selected voter a questionnaire , which takes only a minute or two to complete . It asks about issues that are important , and background characteristics of the voter , and it also asks for whom they voted in the most important races . During the day , the interviewer phones the information from the questionnaires to a computer center . Next , vote totals come in from many of the same sample precincts as the exit polls after the voting has finished in those precincts . These are actual votes that are counted after the polls have closed . Election officials post the results so anyone at the precinct can know them . The third set of vote returns come from the vote tallies done by local officials . The local figures become more complete as more precincts report vote returns . The county or township vote is put into statistical models , and EMR makes estimates and projections using those models . In addition , CNN will be monitoring the Web sites of the Secretaries of State offices to help analyze the outcome of early voting and absentee voting . Projections The projections for CNN will be made from the CNN Election Analysis Center at the Time Warner Center . An independent team of political analysts and statistical experts will analyze the data that will lead to the final decisions on projections . CNN will decide when and how to make a projection for a race depending on how close the race is . In races that do not appear to be very close , projections may be made at poll closing time based entirely on exit poll results , which are the only information available when the polls close about how people voted . The races projected from exit polls alone are races with comfortable margins between the top two candidates . Projections from exit polls also take into account the consistency between exit poll results and pre-election polls . In the case of close races , CNN will wait for actual votes to be tabulated and reported . EMR may make projection recommendations to its clients , but CNN will make all final calls for broadcast . Shortly after poll closing time , CNN may make projections using models that combine exit polls and actual votes . This happens in closer races . For extremely close races , CNN will rely on actual votes collected at the local level . These are the races that can not be projected when the polls close from exit polls or even from actual votes collected at the sample precincts mentioned earlier . The projection for these races will be based on a statistical model that uses the actual votes . If it is too close for this model to provide a reliable projection , CNN will wait for election officials to tally all or almost all the entire vote . What a projection call means CNN analysts will make all projections for CNN broadcasts . When CNN 's analysts project a winner in a race , whether it is based upon data from EMR or from the CNN computations , it means that when all the votes are counted , CNN projects that the candidate will win the race . A projection is as close to statistical certainty as possible , but that does not mean that a mistake can not happen ; rather , it means that every precaution has been taken to see that a mistake is not made . CNN will not "  declare " someone a winner because that declaration is up to election officials . CNN will make projections based on our best estimate of how CNN expects an election to turn out . When a lot of vote returns have been tallied , a race may be referred as "  too close to call " by CNN anchors and analysts . "  Too close to call " means the final result will be very close and that the CNN analysts may not know who won . For the races that are the closest , the CNN Election Analysis Desk will keep CNN viewers up to date on the state-by-state rules regarding automatic recounts and will report immediately on any official candidate challenge regarding the results or voting irregularities .	CNN receives data from The Associated Press , Edison Media Research Process of projecting races begins by creating a sample of precincts
Washington  CNN  -- A Supreme Court majority appeared poised Tuesday to give a woman convicted of trying to poison her best friend a chance to argue that her case should have been handled in state courts . Carol Anne Bond was given a longer prison sentence in the federal system , after being charged with violating an international treaty on the use of chemical weapons . The case of toxic love has soap-opera elements , but Bond 's lawyers argued she was being treated like an international terrorist , instead of someone caught up in a domestic dispute . Several justices seemed to agree . "  She wants to make the argument that this is a strictly state , local crime , and that any attempt by the federal government to convert it into a treaty-based terrorism crime is erroneous , " said Justice Antonin Scalia . "  Why does n't she have standing to make that argument ? " Justice Elena Kagan added , "  It 's all a question of what Congress ' scope of authority is under the  Constitution 's  Necessary and Proper Clause " on federal authority . The implications go far beyond this case , and could establish important precedents on the strength and purpose of the Constitution 's 10th Amendment , which preserves state sovereignty . It is also an issue roiling the current political debate , especially among Tea Party conservatives in this post-9 / 11 , security-conscious environment . At issue is whether Bond has a right -- called "  standing " -- to contest her conviction on grounds it went far beyond the normal scope of federal jurisdiction in this kind of crime . The high court , in a case from more than 70 years ago , suggested that this so-called "  gateway " claim could only be raised by state officials , not individual plaintiffs . Bond , a native of Barbados , lived outside Philadelphia and worked as a microbiologist . As a federal appeals court succinctly summarized the relevant facts in the case : "  Bond was excited when her closest friend , Myrlinda Haynes , announced she was pregnant . Bond 's excitement turned to rage when she learned that her husband , Clifford Bond , was the child 's father . She vowed revenge . " Bond , known to her family as Betty , struck back by stealing dangerous chemicals -- arsenic-based 10-chloro-10H-phenoxarsine -- from her company , and also obtained potassium dichromate over the internet . Both substances in heavy doses can cause toxic , even lethal harm with very little physical contact . The 40-year-old then tried to poison Haynes some two dozen times over several months , secretly sprinkling small amounts of the chemicals on an apartment doorknob , car door handles and a mailbox . While suffering no more than a chemical burn on her thumb , Haynes grew suspicious -- one of the chemicals was a bright orange powder . After getting little help from local police , she called postal inspectors in 2007 , who set up surveillance cameras . Bond was videotaped stealing mail and placing chemicals inside the mailbox and car muffler , court records show . She was soon arrested . Bond admitted her guilt early on and claimed she never meant to kill Haynes , but only wanted to cause her "  an uncomfortable rash . " The defendant also said her friend 's betrayal caused an "  emotional breakdown " that made her respond in such a shocking fashion . Instead of being charged with simple assault , which may have gotten her six months to a year or two in state prison , Bond was indicted in federal court on two counts of mail fraud and two counts of violating a federal law and international treaty for the possession and use of "  chemical weapons . " When a judge denied her motions to transfer the case to state court , Bond pleaded guilty and immediately appealed . She received a sentence of six years behind bars and nearly $ 12,000 in fines and restitution . An appeals court ultimately rejected her standing claims . The strange case took an even stranger turn when the Supreme Court was asked to weigh in . After first adamantly claiming Bond had no right to appeal , the Justice Department reversed course . But the Obama administration still believes Bond 's federal conviction was valid . In court arguments , the standing issue dominated the debate . "  This is n't sarin , " a lethal nerve agent terrorists have used in the past against civilians , said Bond 's attorney Paul Clement . "  There is something sort of odd about the government 's theory that says that I can buy a chemical ` weapon ' at Amazon.com . That strikes me as odd . " He added Bond used a "  commonly available chemical . " That received a sympathetic response from some on the court after Clement 's legal opponent stepped up . "  If it is in fact a 10th Amendment claim , unless you have a state official or the state , there is no standing , " said attorney Stephen McAllister . "  Pretty harsh , if we 're talking about prudential standing , to deny that to a criminal defendant , is n't it ? " replied Chief Justice John Roberts . Justice Anthony Kennedy went further . "  Your underlying premise is that the individual has no interest in whether or not the state has surrendered its powers to the federal government , and I just do n't think the Constitution was framed on that theory , " he said . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg pushed McAllister to admit there was no previous high court case in which a criminal defendant was held to have lacked standing to challenge a statute under which the defendant was prosecuted . Since the Obama Justice Department admitted its handling of the standing issue was wrong , the justices had to appoint an outside private attorney to argue what the government had originally claimed . McAllister , an experienced lawyer and onetime law clerk to Justice Clarence Thomas , was given the tough assignment . Many conservatives hoped the majority right-leaning bench would use the opportunity to delve further into the scope of the 10th Amendment , which states , "  The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . " While some justices thought the case should be decided only on standing grounds , others were more eager to explore the larger issues . Obama administration attorney Michael Dreeben argued Congress ' power to enforce treaties and to control commerce was sweeping , including state "  regulation of a commodity . " "  Given the breadth of this statute , that would be a very far-reaching decision , would n't it ? " said Justice Samuel Alito , clearly troubled . By the federal government 's reading , he noted , "  a chemical weapon is a weapon that includes toxic chemicals . And a toxic chemical is a chemical that can cause death to animals . And pouring vinegar in a goldfish bowl , I believe , will cause death to the goldfish , so that 's a chemical weapon , " which could potentially mean life imprisonment for the perpetrator . He suggested that was not what Congress had intended . In the broader political context , conservatives , along with a healthy mix of liberals and libertarians , worry that the federal government and Congress have been overly aggressive in staking claims to disputes they believe are best left to states , especially in the criminal arena . And it 's not just felonies . Areas like gun ownership , zoning laws , environmental regulations , taxation , health care and education standards all could be re-examined in the wake of a high court decision . Even if Bond prevails on the standing issue , she might still face an uphill battle in phase two of the her legal fight , getting her federal conviction ultimately thrown out on 10th Amendment grounds . Either way , it may come too late to do her any good , if the justices sidestep the 10th Amendment aspects . She is set to be freed from federal prison in West Virginia next year , likely before any future case on the merits would be resolved . A high court ruling will likely be issued by June . The case is Bond v. U.S.  09-1227  .	The case involves a woman convicted of federal charges related to chemical weapons Bond found out her husband and best friend were having an affair , and a baby Justices mull Bond 's standing to argue that her case should have been decided in state courts
CNN  -- The latest report of an abusive outburst from petulant Maine Republican Gov. Paul LePage is just the most recent in a continuous stream of invective dating back to his 2010 campaign and the beginning of his term in 2011 . LePage 's language has been described in various euphemistic ways -- colorful , blunt , direct , plainspoken -- but no matter how it is sugar-coated , LePage 's language is the offensive frothing of an abusive , tantrum-throwing bully . During the campaign in 2010 , LePage said President Barack Obama could "  go to hell . " Now , a local newspaper reported that LePage told a fundraiser audience that Obama "  hates white people , " and it swept through social and traditional media . Knowing LePage , nobody was surprised or doubted he said it , although he has since denied it . LePage defends himself against accusations of blatant racism by saying his son is black -- referring to a young Jamaican man who came to live with his family as a teen . That also was the excuse for the excuse LePage hid behind when he told the NAACP to "  kiss my butt " after he was criticized for not attending his first Martin Luther King Day celebration . He vowed not to kowtow to "  special interests " -- the NAACP -- because he is governor of "  all the people . " LePage has consistently attacked any group or position that opposes his own . He removed a mural from the Department of Labor in the dead of night because he received an anonymous letter from someone claiming the mural made him feel as though he were living in North Korea . Sadly , a federal judge in Bangor upheld his theft of the mural as government speech . LePage hired an out-of-state sign maker to produce and erect a message at the Maine border with New Hampshire that "  Maine is open for business . " In a stroke of poetic justice , the sign was stolen . He has attacked Maine Democrats , infamously and crudely saying that one state legislative leader was the first to stick it to the people of Maine without using Vaseline . He refused to meet with Democratic leadership after the party reclaimed a majority in the legislature in 2012 because the party hired a videographer to record all of his public appearances . An equal opportunity bully , however , LePage has also berated his fellow Republicans when they have dared to work with Democrats on the state budget . Local journalists have been a favorite and consistent target of LePage 's mean-spirited retaliation , as well . He has said he wanted to punch a veteran reporter for Maine Public Broadcasting and has stormed out of at least one news conference and a legislative session . When journalists questioned his wife 's residency in Florida , thus qualifying their daughter , whom LePage hired fresh out of college for his staff despite rumblings of nepotism , for in-state tuition at Florida State , he threw a fit and rampaged out of the interview . Complaining of biased news reporting , LePage has refused to be interviewed by the Portland Press Herald . At the national level , LePage has been the butt of the "  The Daily Show " and "  The Colbert Report " jokes . He is an embarrassment to the people of Maine and has made the state a laughingstock . The list of his offensive and cringe-worthy remarks goes on : Calling state workers "  corrupt , " comparing the IRS to the Gestapo , saying the worst case of the use of a controversial chemical additive will be that it might give women "  little beards . " However painful it is to see how much LePage has ruined the public 's opinion of Maine , I am resigned to the probability that his pattern of bullying and blustering followed by defensive claims of populism is likely to end only when he leaves office . A plea for political civility similar to the one that followed the assassination attempt against former Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords may be the only response to LePage that has a chance , although he only insults fellow Maine Republicans who try to cajole him into civility . His abusive bullying is comparable to former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's literal use of gun sights on a graphic to mark the Democrats she wanted targeted . And if there was any politician who matched LePage for abusive language and combativeness , it 's the late Louisiana Gov. Huey Long . The best news I 've heard about LePage of late is that he might run for Congress rather than a second term as governor . Running at the mouth in the media spotlight of the nation 's capital could spell the political doom he deserves , and leave Maine in peace to rebuild its tarnished image as a state with a tradition of independent yet high-minded and civil-tongued politicians .	Paul Grosswiler : Maine Gov. LePage 's language is offensive frothing of an abusive bully Grosswiler : LePage attacks with invective any group that stands in his way , even his own party Grosswiler : He throws tantrums , storms out , refuses to meet leaders , insults reporters LePage has embarrassed Maine , he says , and will go away if he hits national stage
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Doctors do n't have to tell 18-year-old "  Rose "  who does n't want to reveal her real name  the importance of using a condom every time she has sex . STDs can lead to pelvic inflammatory disease , which can result in infertility , said Dr. Yolanda Wimberly , left . "  There really is a limit to how much you can trust somebody , " the young woman said . At 14 , Rose contracted two sexually transmitted diseases : gonorrhea and chlamydia . She said she got the STDs from her first boyfriend . "  We used condoms at first . Then , me being naïve , we stopped , " Rose recalled . "  I thought he was only having sex with me . " The STDs went untreated and eventually developed into pelvic inflammatory disease , or PID , a condition that can lead to infertility . Dr. John Douglas , director of the Centers for Disease Control 's Division of STD Prevention , called infertility a "  down-the-road concern " for many teens . He and other doctors worry about sexually active teenagers and young adults who may be unaware that some STDs may doom their chances of having a baby later in life . He said it is a growing reality for nearly 2 million women in the United States who are infertile . "  We do n't know how many are affected by STDs , but they can cause PID . A woman -LSB- with PID -RSB- has a 10 to 20 percent chance of being left infertile , " Douglas said . Dr. Yolanda Wimberly , an adolescent medicine specialist with Grady Health Systems in Atlanta , Georgia , explained that PID can damage the reproductive organs by creating scarring and inflammation in the fallopian tubes . Health Minute : Watch more on teens and the infertility risk of STDs " "  It can happen to anyone . It does not discriminate , " Wimberly said , referring to both the chances of contracting an STD and the potential for infertility . Three days a week , she meets with teens and young adults at a health clinic just west of downtown Atlanta . Many of them have one thing in common : a lack of awareness about the dangers of STDs . "  You have the same story coming in over and over again , " she said . "  It 's sad . The names and faces change , but the stories pretty much remain the same . " Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection for better living Wimberly first met Rose when the girl was hospitalized four years ago during her bout with PID . "  It had become a severe infection . ... She was having difficulty keeping anything down , " the doctor recalled . "  It hurt so bad . It felt like somebody kept stabbing me in my stomach . I could n't walk or anything , " Rose said . Doctors treated her with intravenous antibiotics . Both the STDs and PID cleared up . Then , a year later , when she was 15 , Rose was diagnosed with another type of STD called human papillomavirus , the leading cause of cervical cancer . Doctors removed some abnormal cells from her cervix , which could lead to pregnancy complications in the future . Rose recovered , and she said she has n't had any problems in three years , but questions remain about her future ability to have a child . "  I cry sometimes thinking about it , because I want it , but I 'm not positive if it can happen , " said Rose , who dreams of becoming a mother . Wimberly tried to reassure Rose by telling her having PID does not automatically lead to infertility . "  But it can decrease your chances of becoming pregnant in the future , " Wimberly told her . Wimberly is reluctant to put young , at-risk women through intensive and expensive fertility testing . Rather , she recommends that when they are older and the time is right , they first attempt to conceive a child on their own . In the meantime , Wimberly said , she walks a fine line as she deals with her patients ' immediate needs , be they birth control , disease prevention or sex education . Wimberly cautions couples to always protect themselves during sex by using a condom every time . She also tells young men and women to get checked by a doctor for STDs every six months or every time they change sexual partners . Finally , Wimberly urges parents to get involved in the discussion and not to be afraid to talk to their teens about the dangers of unprotected sex and the possibility of becoming infertile . Rose conceded that she learned the hard way . "  I want people to learn from my mistakes so they wo n't have to go through the same things I went through , " she said . She recently graduated from high school and , prompted by her own health scare , hopes to become a nurse . Rose also has a new boyfriend and says they "  always use protection , no matter what . " "  You might be in love and trust someone ... but be smart , think ` what if . ' Think for yourself , " she said .	Some STDs may doom teens ' chances of having a baby later in life Doctor advises using a condom for every sexual encounter She says parents should talk to kids about unprotected sex
Madrid  CNN  -- Spain 's best-known judge will be suspended for 11 years from the bench after his conviction Thursday for improperly ordering wiretaps while investigating a financial corruption case , the nation 's Supreme Court ruled . Afterward , Baltasar Garzon said he "  rejects " the sentence , that the court convicted him in "  an unjust and predetermined manner , " and he vowed to appeal . In a statement late Thursday , Garzon said , "  This sentence , without judicial reason nor evidence to support it , eliminates all possibility to investigate corruption and related crimes by opening spaces of impunity , and seriously contributing -- in an effort to stop one specific judge -- to reduced independence for Spanish judges . " Garzon had ordered wiretaps against suspects who were in jail and under investigation in the case , allowing authorities to listen in on their conversations with defense attorneys and others . Their lawyers later filed a lawsuit , arguing that the wiretapping violated their constitutional right of attorney-client privilege . A seven-judge panel at the Supreme Court convicted Garzon , according to court documents . A second trial against Garzon ended on Wednesday , but judges have not yet ruled in the case . That case concerns his investigation of human rights abuses under the former dictatorship of Francisco Franco in Spain . Human rights groups say both cases , especially the second one , amount to a vendetta against Garzon , who became known internationally for his investigation into human rights abuses under former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet . Garzon , 56 , was suspended provisionally from the bench in 2010 , pending these trials . A third case is under investigation , but no trial has been set . At a three-day trial last month in the financial corruption case , Garzon professed innocence . The case implicated some leading conservative politicians , among others , and there have been trials recently against defendants in the corruption scandal known as Gurtel . Garzon said his wiretap orders , in early 2009 , were backed by state prosecutors , who did not bring charges against Garzon . He testified that he ordered the wiretaps on suspicion that suspects in the case were involved in money laundering while they were in preventative prison . But the Supreme Court judges wrote , "  The central question to be resolved in this case is related to the fundamental right of defense for the suspect , against the legitimate interest of the State to pursue crimes , " the sentence said . "  It is not possible to have a just process if the right of defense is essentially eliminated . " The sentence added that Garzon 's investigation had the effect of "  admitting practices which now are found only in totalitarian regimes where anything is considered valid to obtain the desired information . " Garzon 's possible avenues for appeal include the Constitutional Court -- Spain 's highest court , which rules on constitutional issues -- or to the European Court for Human Rights in Strasbourg , France . Julio Villarrubia , a leader of Spain 's main opposition Socialist Party , said the party "  respects " the decision of the court but finds it "  troubling that Judge Garzon , who has fought tirelessly against drug trafficking , terrorism and corruption , " is now convicted . Human rights groups consider the second case against Garzon , for his investigation of mass graves under Franco 's rule , to be the more important one . In the second trial , state prosecutors again did not press charges , but a private prosecution , allowed under Spanish law , did . It is led by a small civil servants union called Manos Limpias , or Clean Hands , which charged that Garzon ignored an amnesty law approved in the Spanish Parliament in 1977 , two years after Franco 's death . In that trial , which ended Wednesday -- just hours before his conviction in the corruption investigation -- Garzon testified that he searched but could not find any national census of how many people disappeared or their identities . So he decided to investigate because he considered those to be "  permanent crimes " which still affect their descendants , since the remains have never been found . He said he began to see evidence that there was a "  systematic plan " against Franco 's opponents , which he said included forced disappearances , illegal detentions and assassinations . Franco 's military uprising in 1936 triggered the three-year Spanish Civil War . The war ended when Franco 's forces defeated Republican and leftist fighters . Franco 's dictatorship continued until his death . Mass graves from the regime are still being unearthed , said Emilio Silva , from a group called Historical Memory . Various international observers attended the trial and Reed Brody of Human Rights Watch said on Wednesday , "  This is a trial that should never have been held , but which at least served to show that Garzon acted in accordance with international law , which imposes on states a duty to investigate the worst international crimes . " "  The Supreme Court should put an end to this sorry episode for Spanish justice by acquitting judge Garzon of all the charges against him , " Brody added . "  Investigating state killings and ` disappearances ' should never be considered a crime . " Since his suspension in 2010 , Garzon has been working as a legal adviser outside of Spain on human rights cases and judicial issues , including in Latin America .	NEW : Judge Baltasar Garzon "  rejects " sentence , vows to appeal Rights groups watching 2nd case against judge , involving his probe of Franco-era abuses Garzon had ordered wiretaps of suspects in a financial corruption case Garzon argues that his wiretap orders were backed by state prosecutors
CNN  -- Actor Andrew Koenig , who had been missing since February 14 , committed suicide , his father told reporters after his son 's body was found Thursday in a park in Vancouver , British Columbia . "  My son took his own life , " Walter Koenig said at a news conference in the park . The body of the former "  Growing Pains " star was found by several friends who conducted their own search of Stanley Park , where Andrew Koenig liked to walk , his father said . Koenig , 41 , was reported missing by his parents after he did not board a flight to Los Angeles from Vancouver last week . Walter Koenig -- himself an actor , known for his role as Pavel Chekov in the "  Star Trek " series -- flew to Vancouver with his wife , Judy , on Tuesday to help with the search . "  He was obviously in a lot of pain , " Walter Koenig said . The Koenigs said they received a letter from their son last week in which he wrote in a "  despondent tone . " He had stopped taking medication for depression about a year ago , his father said . Unknown to his parents at the time , Andrew Koenig sold or gave away many of his possessions and moved out of his apartment in Venice , California , before traveling to Canada , the family said . Walter Koenig was helping the friends "  get another sweep of Stanley Park " Thursday morning and was nearby when they found his son , he said . Koenig asked others who may be considering suicide "  before you make that final decision , check it out again , and talk to someone . " "  If you 're one of those people who ca n't handle it anymore , you know , if you can learn anything from this , there are people out there who really care , " he said . "  You may not think so and ultimately it may not be enough , but there are people who really care . " Families of those who are troubled should not ignore the warning signs , he said . "  Do n't ignore it , do n't rationalize it , " he said . Andrew Koenig 's mother , Judy Koenig , said people who are depressed "  do n't realize there is help and they need help . " She said they should "  connect with each other if there 's something that 's bothering you . " Andrew Koenig had many people who loved him , but "  in his pain , he did n't realize it was available to him , " she said . Koenig fell in love with Vancouver in 1988 when he first visited to film an episode of the TV show "  21 Jump Street , " his father said . Koenig appeared in 25 episodes of "  Growing Pains " from 1985 to 1989 , playing Richard "  Boner " Stabone , according to a filmography posted on the Internet Movie Database Web site . He also appeared in episodes of several other television shows . He was described as "  a gifted and passionate multitalented young man " on his father 's Web site . He performed at The Improv and had roles in movies that included "  NonSeNse , " "  InAlienable , " "  The Theory of Everything " and "  Batman : Dead End . " He also acted on television in "  Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , " "  G.I. Joe , " "  My Two Dads , " "  21 Jump Street , " "  My Sister Sam " and "  Adam-12 , " the Web site said , and edited , directed , produced and wrote a number of films . Koenig was an activist interested in many causes , his father 's Web site says . He was arrested at the Rose Bowl in 2008 while protesting U.S. involvement in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in China . He opposed U.S. participation because of China 's support for a repressive regime in Myanmar , also known as Burma , the Web site says .	Andrew Koenig , 41 , was a star of '80s sitcom "  Growing Pains " Koenig committed suicide , his father says at park where body was found Koenig son of "  Star Trek " actor Walter Koenig
CNN  -- The Dalai Lama , Tibet 's spiritual leader , set off a media kerfuffle this month when he spoke about his next reincarnation . Not a man afraid to surprise people , he told two German journalists that he did n't see a need for there to be more Dalai Lamas in the future . The German newspaper concluded that this meant he was not planning to return as a reincarnation . A French news agency announced that there would be no more Tibetan spiritual leaders . The Dalai Lama 's office in India protested that he had been misquoted . Eventually , people began to listen to the original interview , where it was noticed that the Dalai Lama had clearly said "  I hope and pray that I will return . " End of palpitations for his loyal followers and Tibetan nationalists , who very much want him to come back . In fact , the Dalai Lama , who fled to India in 1959 after a failed uprising by Tibetans against Chinese rule , has often spoken about major change in the institution he embodies . He 's said that there might be no more Dalai Lamas , that the next one could be elected rather than discovered , that it would be good if she were a woman , and even that he might not be the actual Dalai Lama anyway . But these are always marked as forms of speculation . His formal position on this question is quite clear . In 2011 , in a rare "  gal che'i bka ' yig " or "  Important Proclamation " , he declared that he will make a decision on the future of the Dalai Lama lineage in around 2024 after consulting with other high lamas and the Tibetan public . If there is to be a successor , he announced , it will either be a child identified as a reincarnation after his death , or a person recognized as an "  emanation , " chosen by him while he is still alive . And , he added , "  I shall leave clear written instructions " -- presumably to help journalists and others get the story right . Future There are practical reasons behind the Dalai Lama 's efforts to prepare people for systemic change . Reincarnation as a succession system can produce highly effective charismatic leaders , but it has a structural flaw : it takes several years for a new child to be found and identified , and then another 15 years or more before the successor can take up the work of leadership . In addition , the system is famously prone to interference , corruption , and power struggles , not to mention ridicule : In the 1870s , according to the scholar Melvyn Goldstein , a Lhasa street song had the refrain "  Her Excellency Mrs Doring 's ass is black with soot , " in honor of a famous aristocrat who tried to entice a future Dalai Lama into her womb by burning incense under it . The Dalai Lama 's decision three years ago to hand the running of his exile government over to an elected leader was partly designed to remedy these problems . But even without any official position , he still remains the most influential figure in the Tibetan world , and no-one has yet come up with a credible solution to the Tibetan-China dispute that does not depend on him . But there have been no official talks between the two sides for four years . President Xi Jinping is making his first trip to India since taking power , but at 79 years old , the Dalai Lama needs to push China urgently to resume dialogue with his representatives . He knows that China is determined to appoint the next Dalai Lama -- it passed a government regulation in 2007 declaring that henceforth only it is allowed to permit a lama to reincarnate . Hinting that he might not return is a reminder by the Dalai Lama to Beijing that time is running out if it wants to avoid a lengthy dispute once he dies . Imperial response If the Dalai Lama 's aim was to goad Beijing into a response , it worked . In one of history 's more bizarre instances of role reversal , China 's Foreign Ministry spokeswoman reprimanded the Dalai Lama for telling the Germans he might not return and called on him to respect the practice of reincarnation . "  China follows a policy of freedom of religion and belief , " she said , "  and this naturally includes having to respect and protect the ways of passing on Tibetan Buddhism . " This apparently does n't include the Dalai Lama 's ways of passing it on , because , it was explained , he "  has ulterior motives , and is seeking to distort and negate history , which is damaging to the normal order of Tibetan Buddhism . " The spokeswoman was right that history is a good place to turn to for solutions to this dispute . As she went on to say , China 's rulers in the past issued titles to previous Dalai Lamas . But the details are important : Emperors only did that in some cases , they did n't try to interfere as to who was chosen , and the lamas held their titles whether or not they received imperial endorsement . Even as late as the mid-1990s , the Communist Party 's practice was somewhat similar : They left decisions regarding reincarnations to local lamas and their followers and just rubber-stamped the choice once it was made . In the last two decades that Beijing has reverted to trying to control every detail of Tibetan religion , and at the same time blame all setbacks on the Dalai Lama . Neither of these approaches reflects Chinese history or custom towards Tibet . The lessons of the past would let Tibetans decide for themselves how to implement traditions , which Beijing could then confirm if it felt it needed to . The Dalai Lama 's apparently offhand remarks to the German journalists and the Chinese put-down were thus a form of diplomatic push-pull in public . For that to ever lead to a solution , Beijing will need to think more about respect than about control , and the Dalai Lama will need to reassure Beijing about his intentions . Until that happens , expect more cryptic exchanges between the two via the world 's media .	Dalai Lama 's comments about his next reincarnation set off a media kerfuffle Reincarnation produces charismatic leaders , but has structural flaws , says Robert Barnett Hinting he might not return is a reminder to Beijing that time is running out At 79 , Dalai Lama needs to push China urgently to resume dialogue
PEOPLE.com  -- Miranda Kerr was all smiles as she left the Stella McCartney show at the Opera Garnier in Paris on Monday morning , but despite her cheery disposition , she says juggling mommyhood and modeling is no easy task . "  I 'm still breastfeeding so I have to express milk and send it back to -LSB- 9-month-old son Flynn Christopher -RSB- , and then try and see him on my breaks , " the Australian model , 28 , told PEOPLE as she left the show , one of many she has walked in during Paris Fashion Week . But luckily husband Orlando Bloom is usually on hand to help out , especially when it comes to diaper-changing duties . "  He loves it ! But seriously , he 's very hands on . I really could n't ask for a better dad . " Having recently left Paris for London where Bloom is promoting his new film "  The Three Musketeers , " Kerr admits she 's already looking forward to being reunited after the shows and getting some much-needed sleep . "  I was up for hours last night as he 's teething . And when he 's crying , he just wants Mommy ! It 's such hard work . " With McCartney 's four children backstage , the model spotted a possible future daughter-in-law . "  It 's funny because Stella 's little girl Reiley is almost the same age as Flynn so watch out -- Flynn might start dating her , " she said with a giggle . Might their own family might be expanding anytime soon ? "  Not yet but let 's see , " she said with another big smile . See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I 'm still breastfeeding so I have to express milk and send it back , " Kerr said Her son with Bloom , Flynn Christopher , is 9 months old "  He 's very hands on . I really could n't ask for a better dad , " she said of Bloom
CNN  -- When Curtis Harmon III showed up in front of NFL scouting personnel in Baltimore last month , no one was sure what to expect . After all , how could a man with one arm catch a football ? "  I did n't drop a single pass , " Harmon told CNN . "  Did n't bobble a pass either . " Indeed , in his rundown for a Washington-Baltimore-area sports website , writer Barry Barnes said he was struck by the "  passion , heart and determination " that Harmon exhibited at the regional combine , where lower-tier players not invited to the national scouting combine pay to be evaluated by the NFL . "  He was consistent with his speed , ran around the cones low with the ball high across his chest , along his collarbone and caught all his passes . Yes , caught all his passes , " Barnes wrote . Harmon , 25 , was born with a birth defect that stopped the growth of his left arm from the elbow down . For his much of his life , the southside Washington native has dealt with stares from strangers , awkward questions about "  what happened " and of course , the bullies . But from a young age , there 's one thing Harmon wanted to become : a professional football player . "  When he was born the doctor told me not to treat him any different and that I would be surprised by what he would be able to achieve , " his mother , Roberta Scott , said in a phone interview from her home in Clinton , Maryland . He 's been defying odds ever since . ` Like a little pro ' At age 4 , Harmon started playing the drums . Months later , he would learn to play the piano . By the time he was 6 , Harmon decided he knew what he wanted to be when he grew up . "  I signed him up with the little league football in our area , " his mother said . "  And once I did , he was like a little pro already . He 's always been really fast . " Harmon put that speed on display at Gwynn Park High School in Prince George 's County , Maryland , where he started at fullback . "  It was more than football . It was about discipline , " Harmon said . "  Ever since I can remember it was just me , my mom and my  older  brother . My dad was shot and killed when I was just a few months old , so my coaches were like my father figures . I learned about life from them . " In 2007 , during his senior year , Harmon ran for more than 800 yards . When he was n't scoring touchdowns , he played defense as a middle linebacker . "  I got a couple of looks from some Division I and II schools , but I decided that the best thing for me was to pursue playing football at a junior college , " he said . Harmon took a year off from football before taking the field for Valley Forge Military Academy & College in Wayne , Pennsylvania , in 2009 . He played two seasons there before transferring to Saddleback College , a community college in Mission Viejo , California , where he racked up 1,200 yards and eight touchdowns in two seasons . "  I 've done so many things to make my success work . If that meant I had to transfer , then I did that , " he said . Dream deferred In 2013 , he moved back East , hoping to play for Winston-Salem State or East Carolina University , neither of which panned out . But rather than let his dream die , he went home and began training to be a professional . "  I probably would have never played football if I let what people think stop me . My dream was to be drafted in the NFL . My cousin Rashad Carmichael ... plays for the  Philadelphia  Eagles . He encouraged me to go to the combine and show the scouts what I was about . " In the runup to this month 's NFL draft , as the world watched a cavalcade of storylines -- ranging from defensive phenom Jadeveon Clowney to the first openly gay player ever drafted , Michael Sam -- Harmon 's uplifting story went largely unnoticed outside of a short film produced by the website worldstarhiphop.com . But that was n't enough for the pro scouts . The NFL draft came and went , and Harmon went undrafted . That 's where Harmon thought his dream had ended . "  I kinda did expect that I would at least get a shot at being drafted because I felt like I gave it my all . I did better at the drills than people with two hands ! Why not get a player who can motivate his team and play 100 % ? " A few days later , his agent called with a new opportunity . This weekend , Harmon will travel to an open tryout in Mooresville , North Carolina , a Charlotte suburb , to compete for one of the 46 roster spots on the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League . God 's sense of humor If he 's selected , he 'll be the first player in CFL history to play with only one arm . But if he makes it , he wo n't be alone in his journey . Mark Speckman , the running backs coach for the Alouettes , was born without hands . "  God has a funny sense of humor . ... There 's only so many one-handed fullbacks and no-hands running backs coaches in pro football , " Speckman said , laughing during a phone interview from Montreal . While some may think that this was all a devised plan by the club , neither Harmon nor Speckman knew about the other until CNN spoke to the pair . "  It 's just a coincidence , a very big coincidence , " Charles Rooke , the Alouettes ' spokesman , said . "  That 's a game-changer right there , " Harmon told CNN after learning about the man who could be his position coach . "  I 'm anxious to get down there and just learn from him -- not even football but everything in life . Someone who is just like me . I love that idea . " Harmon 's road ahead will not be easy . Under CFL rules , a certain portion of a team 's players must be Canadian . Harmon knows competition will be tough . "  I 'm trying to get a spot for how I play , not how I look , " he told CNN . "  The fact of the matter is that what really inspires people is how I 'm doing it . I love to inspire people and uplift people . Who would n't want a better world ? ` Oh Curtis Harmon can go do that ? Well I can go do this ! ' That 's what I want people to take away from my story . "	Curtis Harmon will try out for one of 46 roster spots with CFL 's Montreal Alouettes Harmon was born with birth defect that stopped growth in his left arm below elbow Sportswriter impressed that during NFL regional combine , Harmon did n't bobble one pass Montreal 's running backs coach , who will coach Harmon if he earns spot , has no hands
Cesar Millan has been showcasing his talents as "  The Dog Whisperer " since 2004 , teaching dog owners how to train their energetic and oftentimes misbehaving canines . Millan gained celebrity status after helping stars such as Oprah Winfrey with their precious pooches , but on his Nat Geo Wild series "  The Dog Whisperer , " he works with everyday people . Recently in Atlanta , Millan shared his tips for adopting a shelter dog with Sara and Casey Giessen , a married couple who recently decided they are ready to adopt a dog . Millan strongly supports adopting pets , but he warns that taking in a shelter dog based on pity is n't in the best interest of the dog . Many people choose a dog based on emotion , but Millan recommends a different approach . "  I always suggest to people to be logical with the adoption because you get to understand compatibility and what energy are you bringing home , " he said . "  It 's hard because most of the time people do impulse adoptions , but unfortunately those dogs are brought back more often than kept at home . " He said compatibility starts with understanding a dog 's body language , beginning with the eyes . "  It 's the softness of the eye contact that can tell you a lot -LSB- because -RSB- they can tell you sadness , as much as it can tell you , ` I 'm open for a relationship . ' Or they can tell you , ' I do n't want to be with you , ' " he explained . "  Through the eye contact you can know exactly how they feel about your presence . " Millan accompanied the Giessens as they checked out the homeless dogs at DeKalb County Animal Control in Atlanta . Casey Giessen recounted how Millan helped explain to the couple how they should go about choosing their future pet . "  There were pictures on the cages of the dogs and he would cover the bottom of the face and he said , ` Just look at the eyes , ' " Casey Giessen said . "  You could tell immediately -LSB- from the eyes -RSB- that this dog was sad , extra hyper , or calm and sweet . " Millan said many future pet owners often mistake a high-powered tail wag as happiness . "  That does n't mean the dog is happy , that means the dog is excited ! " he explained . If you are considering adopting a dog , Millan said you must first assess your own energy level , then look for a dog that matches it . When a dog 's energy level is higher than the owner 's energy level , it can lead to problems . "  That 's when you see people , when they go for a walk , they 're being pulled by their dog , or when they open the door , just to answer the doorbell , the dog gets to the door first , " he explained . Next , he said future dog owners need to consider how they will set boundaries and limitations for their pet . The Giessens , who described their energy level as medium , found a small lab mix at the DeKalb shelter that they liked . After observing them together , Millan said he believed she was a compatible dog for the couple . The couple later noticed the dog shedding quite a bit , so , because Sarah has allergies , they decided to continue their search using the advice Millan has shared . That , according to Millan was the right decision . "  My goal was to teach them a little bit more than what they knew , " Millan said . "  And what they adopt today was knowledge , maybe not a dog yet , but when they adopt a dog , it will be the right dog for them because they will do it with knowledge . " Millan said after you have adopted a shelter dog , the first thing you need to do before bringing your new pet home is take it for a long , one - to two-hour walk . "  It 's like his vacation . It 's almost like you 're really welcoming him by removing physical energy , " Millan said . "  Then you bring him home . Immediately , before you give affection , you tell a dog where he 's going to sleep or stay . You begin practicing separation so you do n't have separation anxiety in the future . " Millan said the hardest thing for a dog to learn is how to be away from its family . "  We go to work , kids go to school , at one point he will be by himself , " he explained . "  So , it 's best to introduce him to how his life is going to look like in the future from day one . So you do n't catch him by surprise . " Understanding dog behavior is key to creating a lasting relationship with a dog , Millan said . "  Follow through with exercise and discipline , " he said . "  Everybody wants to pet a dog , but not everybody walks the dog and is consistent with rules , boundaries and limitations . We do n't have a problem with breed , with pit bulls , we do n't have a problem with aggression , we have a problem with education . " Several weeks after their shelter visit , the Giessens saw a dog available on Facebook . They were drawn to his cute looks and his big ears , but they reminded themselves of Millan 's tips . "  We kept saying to each other , we ca n't get him just because he 's cute , " Sara Giessen said . They found the dog at Georgia Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , which has a "  spend the night " program . They were allowed to bring the dog home for a night , which sealed the deal . "  We were really surprised because at the shelter he was really hyperactive , " Casey said . "  We got him home and he was really chill . " The Giessens credit Millan 's advice for leading them to the right dog , which they named "  Beans . "	Cesar Millan is known as the "  dog whisperer " for his ability to train troubled dogs He hosts the show , "  The Dog Whisperer " on Nat Geo Wild Millan says compatibility starts with understanding a dog 's body language Millan warns that people should not chose a dog to adopt only based on emotions , like pity
Washington  CNN  -- In a symbolic gesture toward more civil political discourse , Democratic Sen. Charles Schumer and Republican Sen. Tom Coburn said Sunday they will sit together at the upcoming State of the Union address . Appearing on the NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Schumer and Coburn called for political debate based on issues and ideology , rather than motives and personal attacks , in the aftermath of the Tucson , Arizona , shootings last week that killed six people and critically injured Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . Schumer acknowledged that sitting with Coburn for the president 's annual speech to Congress would be symbolic , "  but maybe it just sets a tone and everything gets a little bit more civil . " "  We believe in discourse in America , we believe in strenuous discourse , " said Schumer , who is from New York . "  We do n't sweep differences under the rug . Tom and I have real differences , but we can do it civilly . " Asked about the inflammatory political climate , Coburn rejected portrayals by some conservatives that President Barack Obama 's agenda is anti-American or intended to harm the country . "  What we ca n't question is the president 's love for our country , " said Coburn of Oklahoma , later adding : "  When we get in trouble is when we question motive rather than ideology . " Traditionally , Democrats and Republicans sit on different sides of the House of Representatives for the State of the Union address that also includes Cabinet members , military leaders , the Supreme Court and other government officials . Last week , Sen. Mark Udall , D-Colorado , sent a letter to congressional leaders suggesting that Democrats and Republicans sit together for the January 25 speech . "  As the nation watches , Democrats and Republicans should reflect the interspersed character of America itself , " Udall wrote in the letter . "  Perhaps , by sitting with each other for one night , we will begin to rekindle that common spark that brought us here from 50 different states and widely diverging backgrounds to serve the public good . " Other politicians also supported Udall 's call . "  Well , I think it 's a symbol , and a symbol is a very good place to start , " Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York told the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " "  And so if we can actually come into that chamber and instead of me going to the left , I go to the right , and the Republicans do the opposite , what you 're going to create is an image of the Congress deciding that we are going to work as a body , not as two separate sides . That 's a very good place to start . " Republican Rep. Jeff Flake of Arizona said he expected more civil debate in the wake of the Tucson shootings , even if the issues and "  the substance of the debate " wo n't change . "  I think that we Republicans , and I think Democrats alike , will realize that if we tone down the rhetoric sometimes , our debate is more effective from our own side , " Flake said on the CBS program . However , old habits die hard , Flake acknowledged . "  It 's easy to slip back into old ways , " Flake said . "  I think we can have the debates we need to with a more civil tone . And , frankly , I think that we 'll find that that 's more effective from both sides . But keeping that into the future is going to be a tough thing . " On the same program , outgoing Democratic Gov. Ed Rendell of Pennsylvania said a change in the hyper-partisan political discourse is necessary . Asked about the biggest changes during his two terms in office that end this week , Rendell said : "  In my eight years , I 've seen the level of partisanship and ideological posturing just increase and increase and increase and I think it 's tearing the fabric of our government apart . " Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D-Florida , said the tone may change , but not the intensity . "  I do n't plan to debate my values and the principles of my constituents any less vigorously , " she said on the CBS program . "  But I think it starts with us , and we have to lead by example . And so I think all of us need to be more careful about the words that we choose to use . "	NEW : Tone of debate should change , not intensity , politicians say Democrat Schumer , Republican Coburn want to symbolize civil discourse Schumer says the the move may help tone down the rhetoric Coburn says question ideology , not motives , of political foes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An Army lieutenant general has become the first woman in U.S. military history to get four stars . Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody will command 133,000 personnel worldwide in the Army Material Command . The military on Friday promoted Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody , who has served in several command positions in her 33-year Army career . She will command Army Materiel Command , responsible for equipping , arming and outfitting soldiers . "  There is no one more surprised than I , " she said of her promotion at a ceremony on Friday . Watch : Gen. Dunwoody ' a beacon ' for women " She had planned on a two-year enlistment upon leaving college , she said , and planned on being a physical education teacher . Dunwoody , 55 , hailed those who had helped her throughout her career and pledged to do the same for those she now leads . "  The Army nurtured me and mentored me , and today the Army offers me the chance to return the favor , " she said . She 'll command 133,000 personnel around the globe . "  She is recognized as one of the foremost military logisticians in her generation , " said Defense Secretary Robert Gates . Dunwoody , a native of New York , was commissioned as a second lieutenant in 1975 after her graduation from the State University of New York in Cortland . She also holds graduate degrees in national resource strategy and logistics management . She became the Army 's top-ranking woman in 2005 when she received her third star and became deputy chief of staff for Army logistics . Her promotion highlights the growing role of women in the U.S. military over the years . Fifty-seven active-duty women and 47 female reservists hold the rank of general or its Navy equivalent , according to the American Forces Press Service . The Pentagon has said that more than 193,400 women have deployed in support of U.S. operations since September 11 , 2001 -- the day the United States was attacked by al Qaeda . Dunwoody was nominated by President Bush for her fourth star in June . The nomination then went to the Senate for confirmation .	Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody promoted to lead Army Materiel Command Dunwoody is 33-year veteran of Army Dunwoody to have 133,000 personnel under her command
CNN  -- More than 100 countries attending a conference in Dublin , Ireland formally adopted a treaty Friday to ban cluster bombs -- a large , unreliable and inaccurate weapon that often affects civilians long after the end of armed conflict . Ali Wansa , a 44-year-old Lebanese national , lost his leg to a cluster bomb . The countries agreed never to use cluster munitions or the explosive bomblets they contain , and they also agreed never to develop , acquire , retain or transfer cluster munitions , according to the official treaty document . The 111 countries attending the two-week meeting agreed to the treaty Wednesday but formally signed it Friday . The countries said they are "  deeply concerned " about civilians suffering the long-term effects of cluster bombs . They are "  concerned that cluster munition remnants kill or maim civilians , including women and children , obstruct economic and social development , including through the loss of livelihood , impede post-conflict rehabilitation and reconstruction , delay or prevent the return of refugees and internally displaced persons , can negatively impact on national and international peace-building and humanitarian assistance efforts , and have other severe consequences that can persist for many years after use , " the document said . In addition to calling for a total , immediate ban of the weapons , the international accord calls for strong standards to protect those injured by them and to make sure that contaminated areas are cleaned up as quickly as possible and that the weapons are immediately destroyed , a spokesman for the Cluster Munition Coalition told CNN . Some of the biggest makers and users of cluster bombs cited by human rights groups -- such the United States , Russia , China and Israel -- were not involved in the talks and did not sign the accord . Organizers expressed hope that those nations would nevertheless be pressured into compliance . "  Even though we all know that there are important states not present , I am also convinced that together we will have succeeded in stigmatizing any future use of cluster munitions , " said Micheal Martin , Ireland 's minister for foreign affairs . Martin said he ultimately wants to see all U.N. member states ratify the treaty . The agreement requires the destruction of stockpiles of the weapons within eight years , said Thomas Nash , coordinator of the Cluster Munition Coalition . Cluster munitions , which break apart in flight to scatter hundreds of smaller bomblets , are what the International Committee of the Red Cross has called a "  persistent humanitarian problem . " Most of a cluster bomb 's bomblets are meant to explode on impact , but many do not . Credible estimates show the weapons fail to explode on impact between 10 and 40 percent of the time , according to the International Committee of the Red Cross . That means unexploded bomblets lie scattered across a target area , often exploding only when handled or disturbed -- posing a serious risk to civilians . Earlier this month , a U.S. State Department representative called it "  an absolute moral obligation " to rid a battlefield of unexploded ordnance after the battle . But Acting Assistant Secretary for Political-Military Affairs Stephen D. Mull said the United States was attempting to solve the problem through a disarmament body called the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons , or the CCW , which meets in Geneva and comprises major military powers and military trade producers . The CCW is to meet next in July . The United States would not agree to any ban because the country considers cluster munitions an important part of its defense strategy , Mull said . He urged regulation of the weapons to render them harmless after battle . During the 34-day war in Lebanon in 2006 , the United Nations estimated that Israel dropped 4 million bomblets , 1 million of which may not have exploded , according to the ICRC . More than 250 civilians and bomb-disposal operators have been killed or injured by them in southern Lebanon since the war ended . Cluster bombs were also used in the 1999 war in Kosovo . "  Very quickly after the Kosovo conflict , the major killer of civilians  was  not antipersonnel mines or anti-vehicle mines or conventional munitions , but these munitions , " said Lt. Col. Jim Burke , a military adviser to the Irish Defense Forces . In more than 20 countries , according to the ICRC , cluster bombs have created lasting "  no-go " areas , rendering them as dangerous as minefields . Laos is the most affected country . Millions of bomblets dropped during the Vietnam War continue to kill civilians more than three decades later . Still , militaries consider cluster bombs important for use against multiple targets dispersed over a wide area , such as tanks or military personnel moving across the landscape . A single bomb containing hundreds of submunitions can cover more than 18 square miles .	111 countries formally agreeing treaty banning cluster bombs U.S. not attending and not expected to agree to banning cluster bombs Controversial weapons often do n't explode but stay dangerous for civilians U.N. estimates 1 million bomblets dropped in 2006 Lebanon war still unexploded
PEOPLE.com  -- Sixteen days after her December 8 Las Vegas wedding to boyfriend Barry Herridge , Sinead O'Connor is ending the marriage , the "  Nothing Compares 2 U " singer announced Monday on her website . "  Dear friends , " O'Connor 45 , writes , "  I had for reasons u will all understand , wished to keep this private but have been told today it is to be leaked in the next few days despite my best efforts . So I must now leak it myself so as the record is straight . " She blames pressures placed upon him by "  certain people in his life " not to be with her based on press reports about her . "  Within 3 hours of the ceremony being over the marriage was kyboshed by the behaviour of certain people in my husband 's life . And also by a bit of a wild ride i took us on looking for a bit of a smoke of weed for me wedding night as I do n't drink , " she writes . "  My husband was enormously wounded and very badly effected by that experience and also by the attitude of those close to him toward our marriage . It became apparent to me that if he were to stay with me he would be losing too much to bear . " She adds , "  A woman wants to be a joy to her husband . So . . U love someone ? Set them free . " She also says , "  He is a wonderful man . I love him very much . I 'm sorry I 'm not a more regular woman . I truly believe though it is painful to admit , we made a mistake rushing into getting married , for altruistic reasons , and were n't aware or prepared for the consequences on my husband 's life and the lives of those close to him . He has been terribly unhappy and I have therefore ended the marriage . I think he is too nice to do so . And too nice to trap . " O'Connor , who has four children from her previous relationships , wed music producer John Reynolds in 1989 and journalist Nicholas Sommerlad in 2001 . This past April , she split from longtime friend and collaborator Steve Cooney . See the full article at PEOPLE.com © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sinead O'Connor announced on her website that she is ending her marriage She blames pressures placed upon Herridge by "  certain people in his life " "  I 'm sorry I 'm not a more regular woman , " she writes
CNN  -- While most of the country moves forward on legal protections for lesbians , gays , bisexuals and transgender persons  LGBT  , Republicans in Texas have retrenched their opposition in a shocking manner . The Texas Republican Party adopted a plank in its platform endorsing reparative therapy for gays and lesbians , even though such treatments have been rejected as harmful by all leading medical and psychological associations and even outlawed in some states . Texas Gov. Rick Perry added fuel to the fire by comparing gays and lesbians to alcoholics and refusing to step back from such insulting comments . Perry 's views , however , bear further exploration . In his remarks , he used genetic predispositions to make his comparison : "  I may have the genetic coding that I 'm inclined to be an alcoholic , but I have the desire not to do that -- and I look at the homosexual issue the same way . " At a very superficial level , there is a kernel of truth here . Scientific studies have demonstrated that biology plays a role in one 's sexual orientation . Studies of identical twins , who share the same genes , have shown that , if one twin is gay , the other is more likely to be gay , suggesting sexual orientation is influenced by genetics . Scientists also discovered a "  fraternal birth order effect " : the more male children a woman has , the greater chance that the next one will be gay . The reason for this effect is unknown , but it suggests there may be some change in the mother 's body that influences the development of the male fetus . Perhaps the greatest furor over the biological origins of sexual orientation occurred in 1993 . Scientist Dean Hamer and others published a study in Science that showed a connection between a particular part of the X chromosome and male homosexuality . Although the study did not find a particular gene , it suggested that such a gene exists on the X chromosome . More recent studies have identified other potential links between homosexuality and genetics , and scientists have offered explanations on how same-sex attraction could advance procreation . Reviewing all the various studies in his 2012 book , "  Gay , Straight , and the Reason Why : The Science of Sexual Orientation , " neuroscientist Simon LeVay concludes that , "  taken together , the multitude of research studies published since 1991 have greatly strengthened the idea that biological factors play a significant rule in the development of sexual orientationâ $ " in both men and in women . " Many gay rights activists laud these studies because they support the argument that LGBT persons should be afforded legal protections because sexual orientation is an immutable trait , akin to race or gender . If it 's in our genes , you ca n't discriminate against us . But finding the biological origins of same-sex attraction has the potential to undermine the rights of gays and lesbians . For example , could someone try to get a patent on a gene related to sexual orientation ? While it is possible to patent certain genetic material , the gene must be "  useful " to qualify for patent protection . Why would a gene related to sexual orientation be useful ? Most patents on genes relate to diseases , such as breast cancer , diabetes , or , as Perry noted , alcoholism . The utility of these inventions is readily apparent â $ " developing treatments for these pathological conditions . But what use is a gay gene -- to "  treat " gays and lesbians ? I believe such genetic discoveries should not be patent eligible because they are not useful . Gays and lesbians are not sick , and the medical community agrees . The exploration of why a gay gene should not be viewed as "  useful " highlights the broader concern with these scientific studies : It becomes easier for LGBT opponents to argue that gays and lesbians are biologically flawed , akin to a disease that should be and could be cured . The 1996 movie "  Twilight of the Golds " explores this dynamic in the context of a prenatal test that could predict the likelihood that the child would be gay , and the consequent decision of whether to end the pregnancy . In a more commercial and thinly veiled context , the 2006 movie "  X-Men : The Last Stand " explored the potential implications of inventing and administering a "  cure " for a stigmatized physiological condition . Even though we tend to view science as objective , it is often laden with moral considerations . The concept of a "  gay gene " reveals this normative slant . Why is it the "  gay " gene and not just the "  sexual orientation " gene , or even the "  straight " gene ? Calling it the "  gay gene " reveals the bias in favor of heterosexuality , which risks viewing gays and lesbians as biologically flawed and thus inferior . LGBT legal rights should not be contingent on biology or immutability . And , contrary to Perry 's insinuation , sexual orientation is not like a disease . It is like eye color or left-handedness -- a natural and healthy variation within the population . We must take care that our rights do not hinge on biology . While it is strange to find wisdom from comic book characters , Halle Berry 's character Storm in the X-Men had it right : There is nothing to cure . There is nothing wrong with us . And our rights should n't depend on it .	In Texas , the GOP endorses reparative therapy for gays and lesbians Tim Holbrook : Sexual orientation is a trait like race or gender , it should n't be fixed He says if there 's a gay gene , there 's no need for treatment since gays are not sick Holbrook : Sexual orientation is not like a disease , it does n't need to be cured
North Koreans ' ability to surf the Internet -- for the few in the isolated nation who could ever really go online anyway -- is rockier than ever . Dyn Research reported on Monday that the country 's Internet was down , after 24 hours of "  increasing instability . " It stayed dead for more than nine hours , then came back to life -- but not for long . Half a day later Dyn said it was down again . Then it was back up , at about 1 a.m. Wednesday Pyongyang time  11 a.m. Tuesday ET  , the company said . But the assessment of Dyn , a company that monitors Internet performance worldwide , made earlier Tuesday , did not change : "  North Korea continues its struggles to stay online . " The timing of North Korea 's latest Internet issues makes them significant . They come days after the U.S. government blamed Pyongyang for being behind the hacking of Sony Pictures over that company 's production of "  The Interview " -- a comedy depicting the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un -- as well as threats against anyone who dared watch the movie . North Korea denied any responsibility , even as it blamed the U.S. government for being behind the making of the Seth Rogen-James Franco film . Its totalitarian government went on to officially make its own threat , warning the United States that its "  citadels " will be attacked , dwarfing the hacking attack on Sony . Pyongyang has n't leveled any blame or threats about its latest Internet outage . But experts are skeptical that the American government had any involvement . That 's almost irrelevant , said Mike Chinoy , a frequent traveler to North Korea and former CNN correspondent . "  The issue ... is not whether it was or it was n't  the United States that knocked out North Korea 's Internet  . The issue is what the North Koreans think it was , " said Chinoy , a U.S.-China Institute senior fellow . "  And I think it 's safe to assume -- unless they themselves took their system offline for their own security , which is not impossible -- they 'll be looking to respond . " Cyber conflict with North Korea is ` dangerous uncharted territory ' Expert : Could be ' a 15-year-old in a Guy Fawkes mask ' So who is behind North Korea 's Internet problems ? Unlike the Sony cyberattack and threats , which were linked to a group called "  Guardians of Peace , " the latest issues have n't been tied to any group or government . It 's possible they have nothing to do with the Sony dust-up and are simply an internal matter . Another possibility : North Korea 's Internet traffic is routed through China , so issues or officials there may be to blame . Another option : it could be a deliberate move by the country 's own government . "  North Korea may have disconnected themselves , either preemptively to prevent that movie from being distributed , but also , probably more likely , in a defensive posture , " said Shawn Henry , a cybersecurity expert and former executive assistant director of the FBI . Talking when North Korea 's Internet was totally down , Dyn Research 's Doug Madory said "  usually there are isolated blips " anyway in the country 's service . But he thinks what happened here was different . "  I would n't be surprised if they are absorbing some sort of attack , " Madory said . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf deflected a question about the disruption . "  We are n't going to discuss -- you know -- publicly , operational details about the possible response options or comment on those kind of reports in any way , except to say that as we implement our responses , some will be seen , some may not be seen , " she said . No one is saying the U.S. government could n't have carried out such an attack . But tech experts say it might not have needed to , given the ability of anyone , anywhere to do something like this . What happened with Sony , especially the studio 's decision to shelve -- at least temporarily -- the release of "  The Interview , " got a lot of people upset . Matthew Prince , president of the performance and security company CloudFlare , told CNN he could n't say definitively that there was an attack at all . But if there was , he said it 's possible a lone individual , not an entire government , was behind it . "  If it is an attack , it 's highly unlikely it 's the United States . More likely it 's a 15-year-old in a Guy Fawkes mask , " said Prince , tying the prospective attackers to those connected to or inspired by the hacktivist movement Anonymous . Limited technology , but not when it comes to hacking Do these outages equal outrage , leaving North Koreans unable to view "  Gangnam Style " for the 2-billionth-plus time ? Have they been frustrated when they tried to check on the latest NBA results for their fantasy teams or engage in heated debates about local , national and international politics ? No . There 's a reason the Committee to Protect Journalists ranks North Korea second on its list of "  Most Censored Countries . " Only a smattering of "  ruling elites " can go online freely , leaving the public limited to a "  heavily monitored and censored  intranet  network with no connections to the outside world , " according to the advocacy group . Widespread computer technology overall is n't a reality in one of the world 's poorest and , according to many outsiders , most antiquated countries . A 2012 report from KISA , South Korea 's Internet development agency , noted North Korea then had only 1,024 IP addresses -- unique numbers assigned to every device that logs on to the Internet -- in a country of about 25 million people . That figure may not exactly reflect the current usage since , for example , people can use one IP address for several items , but it 's still paltry by any modern measure . The United States has more than 1.5 billion IP addresses . Still , even if most North Koreans are n't Web-savvy by design , a dangerous handful of them may be . Jang Se-yul , who claims he worked as a computer expert for North Korea 's government before defecting seven years ago , told CNN he thinks that Pyongyang has 1,800 cyberwarriors stationed around the world . He says even the agents themselves do n't know how many others work for the secretive group -- called Bureau 121 -- whose mission is to "  conduct cyberattacks against overseas and enemy states . " An FBI investigation linked the malware , infrastructure and techniques used by the Guardians of Peace in the Sony attack to previous North Korean cyberattacks . After that , U.S. President Barack Obama called the hack "  an act of cybervandalism that was very costly , very expensive , " though he stopped sort of calling it an act of war . The next question is : Will Kim , in Pyongyang , say the same about his country 's Internet issues ?	Cybersecurity expert : North Korea "  may have disconnected themselves " Research company says North Korea 's Internet goes back down , only to return Monday 's Web blackout lasted more than nine hours , according to Dyn Research Web disruption came amid escalating war of words between the U.S. , North Korea
CNN  -- At least 50 people have been killed in flooding and landslides in Burundi , the central African country 's government has said , as a storm swept away homes and cut off roads and power . The rains , which started Sunday night and caused flooding in northern areas around the capital of Bujumbura , also injured scores of people . "  These rains caused flooding , mudslides and landslides , destroying goods , houses and other infrastructure , " the government said in a statement posted on its website . It said that it had identified about 50 bodies and that rescuers were searching for more victims . The government also said it would pay for hospital treatment for the injured and for burials of victims . Those who have lost their homes will be taken to a temporary site . Houses in the poorer parts of town are often made of mud bricks , which offer no resistance to torrents of water and mud . Bujumbura is on a plain that lies between a range of hills and Lake Tanganyika . Two days of national mourning were declared Tuesday .	The Central African country was hit by torrential rains Sunday The storm caused flooding and landslides The government says 50 bodies have been identified , scores of people have been injured Two days of national mourning have been declared
CNN  -- An error from Brazilian goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes saw Real Madrid win 1-0 at Tottenham on Wednesday to reach the semifinals of the Champions League 5-0 on aggregate . Gomes allowed a second-half shot from Cristiano Ronaldo to slip through his fingers and crawl over the goalline to ensure the Spanish side secured a mouth - watering last four showdown with bitter rivals Barcelona . Jose Mourinho 's side held a comfortable lead from the first leg at the Bernabeu but , despite that advantage , the Real Madrid coach still decided to play his strongest side at White Hart Lane . Messi sets record as Barca reach semifinals And the visitors had to hold on in the first 45 minutes as Tottenham had two good penalty appeals turned down , while Gareth Bale had the ball in the Madrid net , but his goal was ruled out for offside . However , just five minutes into the second half , the tie ended when Ronaldo attempted a strike from 25 yards out that Gomes should have dealt with comfortably , only for the keeper to fumble the shot into the net . Ramon Pavlyuchenko nearly levelled for Spurs from Rafael Van der Vaart 's cross and defender William Gallas hit the post from close range , but Real were never in danger of losing their advantage . The result means that Barcelona and Real Madrid will now clash four times in just 18 days in what will be a monumental series of ` El Clasico ' encounters . First the teams meet this weekend at the Bernabeu in La Liga , before they face each other four days later in the Spanish Cup final in Valencia prior to their two Champions League showdowns . Mourinho -- who is the first coach to ever lead four different teams to the Champions League semifinals -- told ITV Sport : "  Anything can happen in a semifinal , but we have two other matches to come against Barcelona before then and must concentrate on those games first . "	Real Madrid win 1-0 at Tottenham to reach semifinals of the Champions League An error from Brazilian goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes enough to give Real victory Brazilian allows a Cristiano Ronaldo shot to trickle through his fingers Real will now face Barcelona in a mouth-watering semifinal showdown
New York  CNN  -- Stores across the Northeast were packed with shoppers as people prepared for what could be a historic blizzard set to arrive on Friday . In Reading , Massachusetts , residents were preparing for several feet of snow that could leave them stuck in their homes for days . "  It 's a zoo in there . There 's nothing left on the shelves . ... I think I got every bottle of water that they had in stock , " Elizabeth Fraiser told CNN afilliate WHDH . At the Home Depot , another resident said she had essential supplies but wanted to be doubly sure she was ready . "  I have a lot of it , but just want to be prepared . You never know , " Joanna Spinosa said . A picture posted on the website of CNN affiliate WCVB showed long lines at a gas station in Boston . Travelers looking up flight details on airline websites were seeing the word "  Canceled " over and over . And it was n't just affecting travelers in the Northeast . Nearly 3,300 flights were canceled in anticipation of the storm as emergency crews geared up for inclement weather , most of which was expected late Friday into Saturday . According to the flight-tracking website Flight Aware , airports from Logan in Boston to O'Hare in Chicago to Reagan National in Washington were seeing significant number of flights -- inbound and outbound -- called off for Friday . More than 60 U.S. airports reported flight cancellations , Flight Aware said . Amtrak canceled many trips in the Northeast corridor . The rail transit company said on its website that northbound service from New York 's Penn Station would be suspended after 1 p.m Friday . Two ferocious storm systems are expected to converge across the Northeast on Friday and spawn nightmares for a large swath of the country . A wintry blast churning across the nation and a cold front barreling up the East Coast will unite and could dump as much as a foot of snow in New York and up to 3 feet in Boston . Boston could see snowfall of 2 to 3 inches per hour , as frigid gusts swirl across the region . The system has already drawn comparisons to the "  Great Blizzard " of 1978 , when thousands were stranded as fast-moving snow drifts blanketed highways and left several people dead . The most severe weather is expected to hit Massachusetts between 2 and 5 p.m. on Friday . Gov. Deval Patrick announced Thursday that all non-emergency workers should work from home . He canceled all school classes on Friday . "  Be a good neighbor . Check on the elderly , " he said , advising residents not to bring portable stoves , charcoal or gas grill indoors out of concern for potential fire hazards or carbon monoxide poisoning . All vehicles must be off the roads by noon on Friday , and Boston 's public rail system will halt service at 3:30 p.m. . A fleet of 600 snow removers will be manned by municipal workers and contractors as authorities gear up for what they say could be a 36-hour storm . "  We are hearty New Englanders and used to these kinds of storms , but I also want to remind people to use common sense and stay off the streets , " said Mayor Thomas M. Menino . Forecasters warned of potential white-out conditions across New England and parts of New York . "  If you are on the highway and you are stuck , you are putting yourself in danger , " said CNN meteorologist Chad Myers . Meanwhile , residents stocked up after authorities announced that public schools across several New England states would not hold classes Friday . "  They 're coming in buying shovels , ice melts and sleds , " said Atton Shipman , who works at Back Bay Hardware in Boston . Social media was abuzz with chatter about the incoming weather . "  Just a reminder of what the ground looks like in case anyone forgets in a couple of days , " tweeted Ryan Pickering , after posting a close-up photo of a Rhode Island roadway . Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency officials said that they were busy salting roadways . "  Travel may become nearly impossible with blowing/drifting snow and near zero visibility during the height of the storm  Friday afternoon into Saturday morning  , " the agency said in a statement . "  Motorized vehicles are asked to stay off the roads if they can during the storm to allow snow plows to clear the roads . " Crews began preparing snow plows at Logan International Airport , where officials said the storm is expected to cause more flight delays and cancellations . United Airlines said customers in storm-affected cities will be allowed to reschedule their itineraries "  with a one-time date or time change , and the airline will waive the change fees . " Delta , Jet Blue , Southwest and other airlines offered their customers similar assurances . In Connecticut , Gov. Dannel Malloy said utility companies were bringing additional crews from out of state to deal with potential power outages . Metro-North rail lines could also be closed at any time should winds exceed 40 mph . The Connecticut National Guard has moved equipment to staging places , including several Black Hawk helicopters at Bradley International Airport north of Hartford . In Rhode Island , 300 members of a military police brigade were scheduled to drill on Saturday and Sunday but the drill has been moved up because of the storm . A snow emergency went into effect in the southern Connecticut city of Stamford , beginning at 5 p.m. . In New York , Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the timing of the storm could actually benefit municipal workers . "  If it 's going to happen , having it happen Friday overnight into Saturday is probably as good timing as we could have , " Bloomberg said . "  The sanitation department then has the advantage of being able to clean the streets when there 's normally less traffic . " New York 's Air National Guard unit on Long Island has some snowmobiles it can deploy to help with search and rescue or emergency transportation . If Gov. Andrew Cuomo were to order the National Guard to assist , each of New York 's Guard 's six operating areas will be ready to deploy 10 Humvees and 40 troops trained in disaster response . By late Thursday , the National Weather Service had issued a blizzard warning from 6 a.m. Friday until 1 p.m. Saturday , with wind gusts up to 50 mph , creating dangerous driving conditions with visibilities near zero in white-out conditions . Consolidated Edison , a main utility company for the New York region , said it is preparing additional crews to deal with potential power outages and advised customers to stay clear of downed power lines . Long island Power Authority , which received intense criticism over its handling of Superstorm Sandy , said it was preparing . Record-breaking snowfall could hit Hartford , Connecticut , as well . "  We expect snow and then rain , and severe coastal flooding , " said CNN meteorologist Sarah Dillingham . Wind will also be a major concern . Gusts could reach 75 mph along Cape Cod and 55 mph in the Long Island Sound and cause coastal flooding , with tides rising about three to five feet . As more miserable weather slams the region , those affected by Superstorm Sandy will be further hampered by high winds , cold temperatures and more beach erosion . Parts of the region are under a blizzard watch . In New Hampshire , there are people who actually want a lot of snow . "  Natural snow definitely gets people to remind them that there are winter activities , " Lori Rowell , director of marketing for Pats Peak ski resort in Henniker , told CNN affiliate WBZ . Steve Livingston said he usually sells 30 to 35 snowmobiles a week at his shop , but he has n't sold any in the past week . Sales have been super slow , " said Livingston , owner of Livingston 's Arctic Cat in Hillsborough . "  I hope we get as much snow as we can possibly deal with . That would be like a hot summer day for Hampton Beach for us . " CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	Shoppers pack stores , gas station lines before it begins to snow More than 3,300 flights across the U.S. canceled for Friday and Saturday Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy says utility companies bringing additional crews Forecasters predict as much as 3 feet of snow for Boston this weekend
United Nations  CNN  -- Libya 's interim prime minister said on Tuesday that he expects the county to have a new government within 10 days . Mahmoud Jibril , head of the National Transitional Council 's executive board , spoke at a Group of Eight conference on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly . "  I expect the government to be announced within a week , 10 days maximum from now ... most of the work has been done , " he said . "  I think this government , when formed , will help tremendously , bring about stability and order in Tripoli and the rest of the country . Therefore , I am not bothered by the time we are consuming to bring about some sort of national consensus behind this government . " Jibril said negotiations include discussion of the number of ministries the new government will have and where they will be located . Earlier Tuesday , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon congratulated Libya 's transitional leadership on the apparent success of that country 's revolution , ushering in a post-Gadhafi era for the North African nation as part of the international body . "  For Libya , this is a historic day , " said Ban , who directed that the country 's new flag be presented alongside the U.N. flag amid a standing ovation from those in attendance . The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly voted to accept the credentials of the country 's new leadership after rebels last month all but ousted Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi after more than four decades in power . "  I am sure you saw your new flag this morning , flying so proudly outside this building , " the U.N. chief said . The rebuilding of Libya and the Palestinian quest for statehood are expected to be the dominant topics this week as world leaders converge on the United Nations in New York for the 66th annual session of the General Assembly . On Tuesday , Ban met with Mustafa Abdul Jalil -- head of Libya 's ruling National Transitional Council -- to discuss the deployment of a support mission to be run by British diplomat and U.N. envoy Ian Martin . The mission is thought to largely center on post-conflict planning , with particular focus on security-building and electoral assistance . But American participation , the U.N. chief says , is instrumental in supporting the new government , noting challenges facing transitional leadership as it confronts pockets of resistance and the specter of Gadhafi , who remains at large . U.S. President Barack Obama vowed to continue to protect Libyan civilians for as long as they remained threatened by the former regime , pledging to reopen the American embassy in Tripoli later this week . "  Six months ago , as his tanks approached Benghazi , Gadhafi predicted that his opponents would be slaughtered like rats , " said U.K. Foreign Secretary William Hague . "  But he had not counted on the courage of the Libyan people , the principled stand of the Arab League and the resolve of the international community . " Hague said he sought to send to a clear message to the former dictator and his remaining supporters that "  their time is up , " adding that the unfreezing of Libyan assets will help pay for the country 's critical services . Tuesday 's Libya summit at the U.N. General Assembly was billed as an event designed to give world leaders a chance to figure out ways to help Libya rebuild from the battle against their former leader . The meeting was in stark contrast to two years ago , when Gadhafi gave a rambling General Assembly address where he floated conspiracy theories , urged probes into U.S. military activities and took aim at the structure of the Security Council itself . Meanwhile , the international body also focused on what it described as an alarming increase in global desertification , and wrapped a two-day meeting on noncommunicable diseases , now the world 's leading killer . It is only the second time a health issue has been debated at a special meeting of the General Assembly , following the group 's pledge to take on AIDS a decade ago . Delegates unanimously approved a "  political declaration " on Monday , addressing illnesses including cancer , cardiovascular disease , chronic lung diseases and diabetes in developing countries , which often struggle with limited budgets and overwhelmed health care systems . Also on the plate of U.N. activities this week is an expected address from Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who will take the podium Thursday to address recent changes in the Middle East . His visit marks the seventh time the Iranian president has traveled to New York since he took office in 2005 . Ahmadinejad told Iranian state media on Monday that the U.N. must meet the international community 's "  real demands , " raising questions as to whether the Iranian leader will broach the issue of Palestinian statehood , a lightning-rod topic and the subject of much diplomatic wrangling . The U.S. has pledged to block a Palestinian membership application should it reach the Security Council , but is likely eager to head-off a scenario that would involve an American veto -- a move widely seen as unpopular in the Middle East . Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has , however , seemed largely undeterred . In a speech Friday that appeared both an attempt to manage domestic expectations and push the statehood issue , the Palestinian leader told an audience in Ramallah , "  We are going to the United Nations to attain full membership . " He has said the Palestinian territories should be represented by their "  natural borders " -- with Israel remaining within its 1967 boundaries , which would afford Palestinians the Gaza strip , East Jerusalem and the West Bank . He called disputed territories inhabited by Israeli settlers "  illegal . " On Friday , the body will address the controversial bid . Abbas is scheduled to speak , and has said after he gives that speech , he will deliver a formal membership application to the U.N. secretary-general . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who opposes the measure , is scheduled to speak later in the day and has called the move provocative and pushed for a return to the negotiating table . The Palestinian territories currently have "  observer " status , meaning delegates can speak in the General Assembly but not vote . A "  yes " vote in the General Assembly -- where only a majority vote would be needed -- could afford Palestinians with the status of "  permanent observer , " similar to the position the Vatican currently holds . A vote in their favor would be all but assured , meaning they could pursue legal actions against Israel , though analysts suggest that the elevated status could prematurely raise expectations for change in the region . Hamas , the Palestinian organization that controls Gaza , has warned Abbas against making the request , saying it would show a willingness to acknowledge and negotiate with Israel , which would "  deprive the Palestinian people from their right to come back to their homeland . " The five permanent members of the Security Council are the United States , China , France , Russia and the United Kingdom . The General Assembly , the U.N. 's main policy-making body , has 193 member nations . CNN 's Joe Vaccarello and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	NEW : Libya 's interim PM says he expects Libya to have a new government within 10 days Presentation of the country 's new flag draws a standing ovation "  This is a historic day , " says U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon The group will address the Palestinian quest for membership this week
NATO has grappled with many perilous issues in its more than six decades of existence . But it 's had few times quite like this . That was obvious Thursday , as leaders of the trans-Atlantic alliance 's member countries met in Wales . They discussed everything from Afghanistan to the Middle East to Ukraine , each of which has its own special significance and presents its own unique military and diplomatic challenges . "  We meet at a crucial time in the history of our alliance , " British Prime Minister David Cameron said at the outset of the two-day summit . "  The world faces many dangerous and evolving threats , and it is absolutely clear that NATO is as vital to our future as it has been in our past . " There was no indication given that NATO , as a group , will be deploying more ground troops anytime soon to any new conflict -- as it has done before most recently following the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Still , the alliance is looking at a range of options to combat a range of diverse threats . Here 's a look at a few developments on those front , broken down by region : Iraq and Syria NATO has only invoked Article 5 -- which mandates all countries come to the aid of another member of the alliance -- one time , in response to the al Qaeda threat following 9/11 . Now , its member states are intensely focused on ISIS , a relatively new terrorist group that has rampaged through the Middle East , executing American journalists and threatening more Westerners ' lives . No one is saying that NATO is about to repeat what it did over 12 years ago , including sending legions of ground troops into a country as it did Afghanistan . But its leaders are certainly talking tough about ISIS and the prospect of NATO playing a role in attacking it . Any request by Iraq to NATO for aid in fighting ISIS would be "  considered seriously , " according to NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen , who noted the Iraqi government has n't reached out yet to the alliance . The United States , however , has coordinated with the Baghdad government to launch airstrikes on ISIS fighters in Iraq and opened the door for similar attacks in Syria . Cameron told CNN that his country supports these American strikes and could take part in further military action . "  We do n't rule anything out , " said Cameron , adding that he wants ISIS "  squeezed out of existence . " "  We will act with partners in our national interest , " Cameron said . Yet he , like U.S. officials , stressed that military might alone wo n't end the threat posed by the Islamist militant group . Cameron said it 's imperative local and national authorities in the Middle East take control and offer their citizens a government they can rely on . "  We must recognize , " Cameron said , "  that what 's required is helping those on the ground , rather than some Western intervention  that is  completely over their heads and  leaves  them to pick up the pieces . " Ukraine NATO countries ' work with the governments of Iraq and Syria have been mixed , at best . For Iraq , they criticized Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki until he was forced out of office , then worked closely with his successor to go after ISIS . For Syria , they 've refused to cooperate at all with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad -- even if he and NATO share a common enemy in ISIS . Ukraine , though , is a different story . Western leaders have made a point of supporting the Kiev-based government as it combats a rebel movement that , its officials say , has been supported in most every which way by the Kremlin . And even as Moscow denies any direct involvement , Western officials have demanded the Russia withdraw thousands of troops they say have crossed the border and shelled Ukrainian forces , not to mention pull its troops back from the border . "  This is the first time since the end of World War II that one European country has tried to grab another 's territory by force , " said Rasmussen on Thursday . "  Europe must not turn away from the rule of law to the rule of strongest . " But what can NATO countries do about it ? U.S. President Barack Obama , for one , promised this week that "  we will defend our NATO allies . " But Ukraine is n't part of that alliance , and Obama has n't suggested he 'll send American troops to faceoff with Russian forces in the country . Ukraine , however , is working more and more closely with NATO , as evidenced by the Wales summit . Rasmussen said NATO will give nearly $ 20 million for Ukraine 's military and focus on bolstering its cyber-defense , logistics and command and control capabilities . "  It is definitely a landmark event , " President Petro Poroshenko said of the "  strong , enormous support " that NATO government leaders have afforded Ukraine at the Wales summit . "  Cooperation is  at the highest level during the 20-year history of the partnership between Ukraine and NATO . " Opinion : NATO 's moment of truth on Ukraine Afghanistan Afghanistan is where NATO has had its biggest , and most long-lasting , footprint outside of Europe . But that is changing -- or at least NATO 's mission in the south Asian nation is changing . Exactly how is up in the air , in part to a crisis related to Afghanistan 's recent presidential election . Despite efforts by the Taliban to disrupt the election , about 8 million votes were cast on June 14 , with provisional results showing Ashraf Ghani ahead with roughly 56 % support to 43 % for Abdullah Abdullah , according to the country 's Independent Elections Commission . Yet both candidates have alleged large-scale voter fraud and manipulation , and Abdullah has n't conceded . That 's left the nation in limbo -- to this point , the inauguration of the new president was pushed back indefinitely from the first week of August , as an audit of the vote is conducted -- and NATO 's International Security Assistance Force in limbo as well . That 's because current Afghan President Hamid Karzai had refused to sign what 's known as a Status of Forces Agreement that would set the terms of keeping international forces in Afghanistan beyond the end of this year . Both Ghani and Abduallah have said they 'd sign it , but -- since neither is in office -- they ca n't . There is also the threat that the election crisis could lead to internal fighting in Afghanistan , further destabilizing an already turbulent nation dealing with a Taliban insurgency . Rasmussen said Thursday that his alliance hopes to continue its efforts in Afghanistan through "  a new , non-combat mission to train , advise and assist the Afghan forces starting next year . " But "  without a signature " on the Status of Forces Agreement , "  there can be no mission , " he added . "  Although our military commanders have shown great flexibility in their planning , time is short , " Rasmussen added . "  The sooner the legal framework is in place , the better . "	NATO chief : "  Time is short " for a deal on international forces in Afghanistan Ukrainian President : NATO countries have offered "  strong , enormous support " British leader says "  we do n't rule anything out " when it comes to going after ISIS Cameron : Now "  a crucial time  for  alliance " due to "  many dangerous and evolving threats "
CNN  -- Memorial Day is here and millions of Americans will be hitting the road to see family and friends , take a breather away from home . And luckily , after months of sky-high gas prices at the pump , they will find lower gas prices . Let 's be grateful for this relief , even as we know prices can shoot back up with little warning -- as they did earlier in the spring -- bringing an unwelcome economic sting on top of the already tough situation many families are facing . There 's not a lot we can do about the yo-yo-ing cost of gas ; unlike a lot of folks in Washington , I do n't claim to have a quick solution . But I do know what has n't worked . We 've drilled-baby-drilled for a while now . In fact , domestic oil production is at its highest levels in almost a decade . Still , prices this year seemed headed towards 4 dollars a gallon . We seem to have these freaky price hikes every few years . What is abundantly clear in 2012 is that all this drilling ca n't guarantee cheap gas . This recent drop in gas prices makes the point even more starkly : Gas prices and U.S. drilling have little to do with each other . Statistical analysis shows that more oil production in the United States does not mean lower prices at the pump . Oil is a global commodity and U.S. production has only a tiny influence on supply . Despite record U.S. oil production , crude prices began 2012 with record prices around the nation and softened sharply this month . Economists say a strengthening dollar , signs of a slowing global economy and other factors are responsible , but this does little to quiet the voices on the right saying the only real way to relieve our stress as we fill up is to open up even more land and sea to drilling . Even the University of Chicago put out survey results showing that 92 % of economists interviewed agreed that in the last decade our gas prices had been affect more by market factors than by American energy policy . This analysis makes sense , because despite the repetitive rhetoric you hear every time we start having a gas price crunch , the laws of supply and demand do not start and stop at the U.S. border . Oil is a globally traded commodity and while we consume more of it than any other country on the planet , we do n't produce enough to affect its price . That is the sad state of affairs , folks . There is only one way off this merry-go-round , and it 's to stop using so much oil . We need to quit this addiction that damages our economy , our security and our environment . This wo n't happen tomorrow , but it is starting to happen . We can move beyond oil using new , cost-effective technologies . Oil consumption is down in this country . And the trend is going to speed up now that stricter vehicle efficiency standards are coming into effect . This means that we can have fuel-efficient cars that look and drive great . But we need to pick up the pace . Instead of policies that increase our addiction to oil , we need policies that increase our transportation choices , not limit them to oil and gas . But that is n't happening in Congress right now . Just look at the political storm around the transportation bill , which is essential not just for roads and bridges , but also the robust mass-transit programs that keep our cities moving . Unfortunately , even though Congress is grappling with the deficit , it ca n't even agree to end billions in tax breaks and subsidies to the oil industry , let alone fund fuel and transportation alternatives appropriately . Legislation from Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , would have ended some of the $ 4 billion in annual tax breaks to the oil industry and directed new revenues to clean energy research and development -- were it not blocked by heavy Big Oil lobbying . So this weekend as you fill up to head to the beach , ask yourself if you want to be standing at the pump shaking your head during the next gas price shock wondering why we did n't start moving down the right road when the opportunity presented itself in 2012 . Or do you want to act now ? I know what I choose . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maria Cardona .	Maria Cardona : Gas prices low ahead of holiday weekend , but we know it can change quickly She says prices tied to global markets , not amount of U.S. drilling . We should rely less on oil She says Obama fuel standards will save millions ; Congress stalls other laws that would help Cadona : Are we willing to wait for the next oil price shock , or do we want to take action ?
Hosts Brazil enjoyed a triumphant finale to the troubled Confederations Cup with a 3-0 defeat of world champions Spain in the Maracana Sunday . A tournament marked by nationwide protests , ended with a reminder of Brazil 's enduring quality as a football powerhouse , which has previously served as uniting factor for the entire nation . Certainly those packed inside the famous stadium in Rio de Janeiro for the final of the eight-team tournament , a rehearsal for next year 's World Cup , would have been filled with optimism . Protesters outside the iconic ground , with reports of clashes with riot police amid tight security , have been complaining about the cost of staging the global showpiece against a backdrop of poor public services and alleged corruption . But Luiz Felipe Scolari 's men did their best to make sure the headlines would be made by their exploits as they dominated a team holding both the World Cup and European Championship trophies . For as well as Brazil played , Spain 's performance was below standard , with Fred 's early goal after a Neymar assist all too easy . Spain could offer little in return and the home side went further ahead just before the break as Barcelona-bound Neymar received a pass from Oscar and beat Iker Casillas with a thunderous shot . Only two minutes were on the clock in the second half when Fred beat Casillas again with a first-time shot and Spain 's hopes were all but over . Their night continued to go from bad to worse and after they won a penalty , Sergio Ramos , the hero in the semifinal shoot out win over Italy , sent his effort wide . With Brazil threatening to add further goals , Gerard Pique hacked down his soon to be teammate Neymar and was promptly shown red . At the final whistle , the stadium erupted in a sea of yellow to greet a success many will see as a prelude to Brazil winning back the World Cup in 2014 . "  Nobody expected such an emphatic result , not against the world champions , " said Brazil 's coach Luiz Felipe Scolari after the match , in quotes carried by Fifa.com . "  But let 's not get carried away . This is more than a title because we 've shown that we 're on the right path and that we can now take a little more confidence with us as we travel down it . " With the tournament overshadowed by ongoing unrest across the country , Scolari said he hoped the result would bring some relief . "  It 's a message for the whole of Brazil . We have to get along and stick together to make sure things move forward . " His opposite number , meanwhile , was philosophical in defeat . "  Obviously this defeat hurts , but I think deep down that we 've had a good Confederations Cup , " Vicente Del Bosque told reporters . "  I 'd rather take the positives away with me today . I 've been with an exceptional group of players who have given their all in what have been a fantastic 28 days together . " Earlier , Italy beat Uruguay 3-2 on penalties to claim third spot after the game ended 2-2 after extra time in Salvador .	Brazil beat Spain 3-0 in Confederations Cup final Two goals from Fred and the other from Neymar Spain 's Gerard Pique red carded in second half World champions Spain also miss a penalty
CNN  -- Alex Ferguson 's quarter of a century in charge of Manchester United has been rich and varied and , of course , accompanied by a glittering list of trophies . From the joyous highs of European Champions League triumphs in Barcelona and Moscow , to the lows of bust-ups with David Beckham and watching Jose Mourinho pip him to two titles , every moment has been played out in the full glare of the media spotlight . With countless memorable quotes and games under his belt , Ferguson will celebrate his 25 years in charge of the Premier League champions on Sunday , a day after his side face Sunderland in their quest for a record 20th league title . Here , CNN World Sport chronicles the key moments of his momentous reign at Old Trafford as he survived an indifferent start to his United career to become one of the most successful managers the English game has ever seen .	Will Tidey chronicles the top 25 moments of Alex Ferguson 's Manchester United career Ferguson will reach 25 years in charge of Manchester United on Sunday The Scot has won 37 trophies in his quarter of a decade at Old Trafford
A self-styled Islamist preacher accused of beating and torturing his 5-year-old daughter to death was sentenced Monday to eight years in prison and 600 lashes , and was ordered to pay "  blood money " to the girl 's mother , according to an official with a government-backed human rights body . A Saudi court in the town of Hawta found Fayhan al-Ghamdi guilty on Monday , Mohammed Almadi of Saudi Arabia 's Human Rights Commission told CNN . Read more : Small protests have big impact in Saudi Arabia "  The girl 's mother ceded her original request to sentence the father to death , " explained Almadi , citing a lawyer for his group who was in the courtroom . "  She has since asked for the father to pay her blood money instead , which is her right in the Saudi legal system . " CNN was unable to reach Saudi Arabia 's Justice Ministry for comment . Al-Ghamdi 's daughter , Lama , was admitted to King Saud Hospital in Riyadh in March 2012 after suffering extensive injuries , including broken ribs , a crushed skull , bruising and burns . Family , activists and officials say she died of her wounds in late October last year . The case caused international outrage once it made headlines in February . "  My dear child is dead , and all I want now is justice so I can close my eyes and know she did n't die in vain , " the mother , Syeda Mohammed Ali , told CNN in February . "  She was brutally tortured in the most shocking ways . " Ali , who is divorced from al-Ghamdi , said Lama 's torture occurred while she was staying with her father . She added that al-Ghamdi is now remarried with two more children . Activists say al-Ghamdi is an Islamist evangelist popular in Saudi Arabia for his televised appearances and for speaking on air about the rewards of repenting to God . But they also say he only fancies himself a cleric and is not recognized by the clerical establishment . In a conservative country where the death penalty is common , Saudi social media users were quick to express disgust at the news . "  What kind of verdict is this ? " tweeted one . "  This is not justice , " tweeted another . Some pointed out what they called a travesty -- that killing Lama garnered al-Ghamdi a punishment similar to that received by a Saudi activist , Raif Badawi , who was recently sentenced to seven years in jail and 600 lashes . Badawi was convicted of violating the nation 's anti-cybercrime law by running an unauthorized Web forum . "  This guy , who tortured and killed his daughter , he gets eight years in jail and 600 lashes ? You got ta be kidding me -- it 's just a joke , " said Manal Al-Sharif , a prominent Saudi women 's rights activist . Saudi Twitter users expressed anger by comparing al-Ghamdi 's verdict to another recent Saudi case -- one in which it was reported that four Saudi men accused of dancing naked on the roof of a car and posting a video of the incident online were sentenced to as many as 2,000 lashes and up to 10 years in prison , as well as being fined thousands of dollars . "  Somebody who kills his daughter gets eight years in prison but somebody who pulls down their underwear gets 10 years in jail ! " wrote one . Opinion : America , the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow Attempts to reach al-Ghamdi and his lawyer via activists and government officials have been unsuccessful . "  It was a very hideous crime . If you look at the pictures of the girl in the hospital , unconscious for eight months before she passed away ... Saudi society never seen anything as ugly as that , " al-Sharif said . Several activists and numerous local media had reported that Lama was also raped , but her mother denied that happened . Ali said that Lama 's father was concerned about the virginity of his 5-year-old daughter . "  The father confessed to the abuse , the beating and torturing Lama in the most obnoxious manners , " she said last February . One thing she said he did was to burn Lama 's rectum . "  These are not some unfounded accusations , but everything is based on the medical examination by the hospital and the team of physicians who treated Lama when she was first admitted , " she said .	Sentencing is met with disgust among Saudi social media users Fayhan al-Ghamdi is found guilty of torturing his daughter , a human-rights official says "  The girl 's mother ceded her original request to sentence the father to death , " the official says The girl suffered broken ribs , a crushed skull , bruising and burns , a hospital says
CNN  -- According to NSA documents published in Glenn Greenwald 's new book "  No Place to Hide , " we now know that the NSA spies on embassies and missions all over the world , including those of Brazil , Bulgaria , Colombia , the European Union , France , Georgia , Greece , India , Italy , Japan , Mexico , Slovakia , South Africa , South Korea , Taiwan , Venezuela and Vietnam . This will certainly strain international relations , as happened when it was revealed that the United States is eavesdropping on German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone -- but is anyone really surprised ? Spying on foreign governments is what the NSA is supposed to do . Much more problematic , and dangerous , is that the NSA spies on entire populations . It 's a mistake to have the same laws and organizations involved with both activities , and it 's time we separated the two . The former is espionage : the traditional mission of the NSA . It 's an important military mission , both in peacetime and wartime , and something that 's not going to go away . It 's targeted . It 's focused . Decisions of whom to target are decisions of foreign policy . And secrecy is paramount . The latter is very different . Terrorists are a different type of enemy ; they 're individual actors instead of state governments . We know who foreign government officials are and where they 're located : in government offices in their home countries , and embassies abroad . Terrorists could be anyone , anywhere in the world . To find them , the NSA has to look for individual bad actors swimming in a sea of innocent people . This is why the NSA turned to broad surveillance of populations , both in the United States and internationally . If you think about it , this is much more of a law enforcement sort of activity than a military activity . Both involve security , but just as the NSA 's traditional focus was governments , the FBI 's traditional focus was individuals . Before and after 9/11 , both the NSA and the FBI were involved in counterterrorism . The FBI did work in the United States and abroad . After 9/11 , the primary mission of counterterrorist surveillance was given to the NSA because it had existing capabilities , but the decision could have gone the other way . Because the NSA got the mission , both the military norms and the legal framework from the espionage world carried over . Our surveillance efforts against entire populations were kept as secret as our espionage efforts against governments . And we modified our laws accordingly . The 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  FISA  that regulated NSA surveillance required targets to be "  agents of a foreign power . " When the law was amended in 2008 under the FISA Amendments Act , a target could be any foreigner anywhere . Government-on-government espionage is as old as governments themselves , and is the proper purview of the military . So let the commander in chief make the determination on whose cell phones to eavesdrop on , and let the NSA carry those orders out . Surveillance is a large-scale activity , potentially affecting billions of people , and different rules have to apply -- the rules of the police . Any organization doing such surveillance should apply the police norms of probable cause , due process and oversight to population surveillance activities . It should make its activities much less secret and more transparent . It should be accountable in open courts . This is how we and the rest of the world regain the trust in the actions of the United States . In January , President Obama gave a speech on the NSA where he said two very important things . He said that the NSA would no longer spy on Angela Merkel 's cell phone . And while he did n't extend that courtesy to the other 82 million citizens of Germany , he did say that he would extend some U.S. constitutional protections against warrantless surveillance to the rest of the world . Separating espionage from surveillance , and putting the latter under a law enforcement regime instead of a military regime , is a step toward achieving that .	Author Glenn Greenwald 's new book shows that NSA spies on many embassies Bruce Schneier : Spying on foreign governments is what the NSA is supposed to do He says what is dangerous is the NSA spying on entire populations Schneier : We must separate espionage , a military mission , from broad surveillance
CNN  -- Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has launched an attack on European football 's governing body UEFA after being charged with improper conduct for his behavior during Tuesday 's Champions League defeat by Barcelona . Wenger clashed with referee Massimo Busacca at the end of the English team 's 3-1 loss to the Spanish champions in the away leg of their last-16 tie in Europe 's top club competition . The Frenchman reacted angrily when striker Robin van Persie was awarded a second yellow card and controversially sent off in the 56th minute of the game for shooting at goal after Busacca had signaled for offside , with the score still 1-1 . "  I deny completely any charge . I do not understand where it 's from . They  UEFA  do not punish me . It is Arsenal Football Club who has been punished , " Wenger told reporters at a press conference on Thursday . Was Wenger right -- did the ref kill the game ? "  We are out of the Champions League and have lost one of our big ambitions , and on top of that we have to say sorry when we have done nothing wrong . "  It would be good for UEFA to show some humility , to apologize for what has happened , not charge people who have done nothing wrong . " France midfielder Samir Nasri was also charged for improper conduct after he approached Busacca in the tunnel at the end of the game . Netherlands star Van Persie said he did not hear the whistle for offside amid the noise of the 95,000-strong crowd at the Nou Camp . Wenger was immediately outspoken in his criticism of Busacca following the incident , and accused the Swiss official of "  killing the game . " Arsenal won the home leg of the tie 2-1 in London , and would have reached the quarterfinals if the score in Barcelona had remained 1-1 . "  It is a shame for me that the referee took the decision to send Robin van Persie off . It was the wrong decision , " Wenger said . Wenger charged by UEFA after Barca clash "  This decision frustrated us and everyone who loves football . The first leg was a fantastic advert for football and the second game has been destroyed . People now will only remember the sending-off . " It is the second game in succession that Wenger has criticized a referee 's performance , following his condemnation of the officials during the 0-0 home draw with Sunderland last Saturday . The exit from the Champions League came just nine days after the Gunners ' heartbreaking last-minute English League Cup final loss to Birmingham . Wenger had further bad news for Arsenal fans when he confirmed that skipper Cesc Fabregas had been ruled out of Saturday 's FA Cup quarterfinal clash with Premier League leaders Manchester United . "  He had a recurrence of his hamstring and will be out for the next game , maybe for the next two games , " Wenger said of the Spaniard , who returned from injury to face his boyhood club Barcelona . Goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny will also miss the trip to Old Trafford , after the Polish player sustained a finger injury 18 minutes into the Barcelona game and had to be substituted . "  He has a dislocated finger with a tendon problem , " Wenger said . "  He had a scan on Wednesday but we need the assessment of a specialist to see where we go from here . He is out for a while , for how long I can not tell you . " With Manuel Almunia now the club 's only fit goalkeeper -- Lukasz Fabianski is also out injured -- Wenger may be forced to search for a replacement on an emergency loan .	Arsene Wenger hits out at UEFA and denies charge of improper conduct against him Arsenal manager confronted referee at the end of his side 's Champions League exit Frenchman reacted after controversial sending-off of Holland striker Robin van Persie Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas will miss FA Cup tie against Manchester United
CNN  -- The gender of the cutest cub at the National Zoo is no longer a secret : It 's a girl ! The zoo announced the gender Thursday morning , as well as the paternity of the giant panda cub born last month . The cub is the offspring of Washington 's celebrity panda , Mei Xiang , and the father is Tian Tian , a 16-year-old , 264-pound male who lives in the same zoo , officials said . The giant panda mama gave birth to the cub August 23 , to the excitement of hordes of fans watching it on public panda cams . Watch the zoo 's Panda Cam The name of the female cub will be announced 100 days after the birth , per Chinese tradition . At birth , the cub -- which was about the size of a stick of butter -- did well and the mother could be seen cradling it in her den at the National Zoo . But the next day , Mei Xiang gave birth to a second cub , which was stillborn . The mama panda groomed the cub for 17 minutes before it fell onto the floor of the den motionless , a zoo spokeswoman said . Mei Xiang was artificially inseminated by sperm from two different pandas , zoo officials said . One was Tian Tian , and the other potential father was Gao Gao , a 20-plus years old , 174-pound giant panda from the San Diego Zoo . Giant pandas are one of the world 's most endangered species .	NEW : The new panda cub is a female NEW : The father of the cub born last month is Tian Tian Giant pandas are one of the world 's most endangered species
Wired  -- When Toshiba announced its 13-inch Excite tablet Tuesday , the company made an argument that one size does not fit all when it comes to touchscreen devices . But who will actually use such a large slab of mobile computing ? "  The Excite 13 is what we see as a home tablet , " Jared Leavitt , a Toshiba spokesman , told Wired . "  The larger size makes it an ideal kitchen tablet . You can watch how-to videos while you 're cooking , or look up recipes . And then later , you can bring it into the living room to watch videos with the kids , or to look at family photos with friends . " Thankfully , Toshiba is shipping the Excite 13 , which runs on Google 's Android 4.0 operating system , with a stand that will relieve owners from having to hold , or prop up , the large device themselves . And despite being bigger than pretty much every other competing tablet on the market , the Excite 13 is fairly thin and light for its size , Leavitt said , noting that it will weigh 2.2 pounds and measure 0.4 inches thick . Nonetheless , anyone who 's watching the tablet market has to wonder why Toshiba is releasing a tablet behemoth in a world enamored with smaller devices . After all , the first tablet to gain any widespread consumer adoption other than Apple 's iPad is the 7-inch Kindle Fire . And looking forward , the hottest rumors focus on an iPad mini and a 7-inch tablet that would be Google 's next flagship mobile device . In short : Small is in , and big is n't even part of the conversation . Jared Spool , the CEO of User Interface Engineering , a usability research firm , agrees that Toshiba is thinking about tablet design in a way that its rivals are n't . But Spool does n't agree that the world needs , or wants , a 13-inch tablet . "  This is the sort of typical maneuver of just adding another feature without improving the actual user experience , " Spool told Wired . "  It 's just bigger , and it 's not clear to me that anyone is asking for bigger . You can only get the iPad in one size and nobody is saying , ` Gee , it just feels a little too small to me . ' " But while there seems to be no consumer demand for larger tablets , the use case of watching movies as a group , or flipping through photos with loved ones on the couch , on a 13-inch slate is n't too hard to imagine , says Jakob Nielsen , principal at the Nielsen Norman Group , a usability research firm . "  If a small group of people is trying to use the tablet together , sitting on the couch and consuming content , this size makes sense , " Nielsen told Wired . "  But I do think -LSB- the Excite 13 -RSB- might be a bit of overreach . I do n't think that people only need one computer . Nowadays , most people have two computers , between a laptop and a smartphone . But where this Toshiba tablet fits in -- between those devices and the TV -- I 'm not sure . It 's not likely to be a big success . " Spool also predicts that the Excite 13 will be neither an iPad killer , nor a top-selling Android tablet . "  These types of enhancements are knee-jerk reactions from companies who are trying to ` out feature ' other companies , " he said . "  But what this comes down to is that it 's not the specific technology in a tablet that makes it exciting . It 's the user experience . And there 's just a lot less to do on an Android tablet than an iPad . And what there is to do is much clumsier because the screen sizes and specs for Android tablets are all over the place . A 13-inch screen and a bunch of top specs do nothing to change that . " Among the other specs the Excite 13 touts are a quad-core Nvidia Tegra 3 processor , 1GB of RAM , a 5-megapixel rear facing camera , and four rear-mounted speakers to blast audio from the tablet 's aluminum back . The tablet also sports a 1,600 Ã -- 900 screen resolution , a micro-USB port , a micro-HDMI port and a full-size SD card slot . The Excite 13 sits at the top of a revamped tablet line for Toshiba , in terms of both price and screen size with a price tag of $ 649.99 for the 32GB model , and $ 749.99 for the 64GB model , when it hits stores in early June . For those looking for a more traditionally sized tablet that still packs a quad-core punch , Toshiba will also ship in June a 7.7-inch version of the Excite  known as the Excite 7  at $ 499.99 for 16GB of storage and $ 579.99 for 32GB . A 10-inch Excite , dubbed the Excite 10 , will ship in May for $ 449.99 with 16 GB of storage and $ 529.99 for the 32GB . The Excite range of tablets replaces Toshiba 's old line of Thrive slates , which were offered in both a 7-inch and 10-inch model . In case you 're wondering why is the Excite 7 more expensive than the Excite 10 , Leavitt explained : "  Smaller is harder to do . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Toshiba 's 13-inch Excite tablet runs on Google 's Android 4.0 operating system The Excite will weigh 2.2 pounds and measure only 0.4 inches thick The tablet sports a 1,600 Ã -- 900 screen resolution , a micro-USB port and a micro-HDMI port
CNN  -- Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali has defended the Italian constructor 's decision to retain the services of Brazilian driver Felipe Massa for the 2013 season . Massa 's future was the subject of much speculation after he failed to score a point in the first three races of 2012 and went on to collect just 25 points prior to the sport 's annual midseason break at the end of July . But Massa , who has been with Ferrari since 2006 , recovered in the second half of the campaign to score 98 points and record two podium finishes , ending the year seventh in the drivers ' championship . Domenicali is convinced Massa has turned the corner , showing the form he displayed before fracturing his skull when a spring struck his helmet at the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix . "  I think the toughest part of Felipe 's career is now behind him , " Domenicali told Ferrari 's official website , when asked about the 31-year-old . "  After last summer his approach turned about and , as a result , his performance on track changed and he managed to show just how talented he is . "  I 'm sure his problem was not linked to his contractual situation . Personally , there was a lot of pressure on me regarding possible changes , but in the interests of the team , I preferred to wait and today , I 'm convinced that keeping Felipe in the Ferrari family was the right decision . " Massa signed a new one-year deal with the most successful team in F1 history in October , although he admits he did consider turning his back on the sport when he was struggling for pace . "  I thought about so many things , " Massa , who lost out on the 2008 world championship on the final corner of the final race , told BBC Sport . "  I thought maybe I was finished . I thought about not staying in Ferrari . I did not know what would happen . So many things were inside my brain . "  Many people said I was just using fuel at the beginning of the year and then after they want me to stay in Ferrari because it was the best option . It is important to work to get the good result . If you have that nothing else is important . " Massa and teammate Fernando Alonso , who lost out on the 2012 drivers ' title to Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel on the final day of the season , will be hoping to make a strong start to the 2013 campaign when the season begins in Australia in March .	Stefano Domenicali says Ferrari "  right " to keep Felipe Massa as a driver Massa struggled in the first half of last season , but picked up 98 points from September The Brazilian signed a one-year contract extension with Ferrari in October The 2013 Formula One season starts in Australia in March
CNN  -- The campaign to become president of the United States is drawn-out and contentious , with key battles and strategies that can turn the outcome . In other words , sort of like playing a game . In both worlds there are good guys and bad guys , actions and reactions , and a prize at the end for the winners . Like a multiplayer game , a political campaign requires many people acting together to achieve an ultimate goal . Like a role-playing video game , it poses a series challenges that need to be completed before moving on to the next . A new computer game tests this theory by letting players become campaign managers for a presidential candidate in the 2012 race . "  The Political Machine 2012 " tries to gamify the electoral process by assigning scores to candidates ' stances on such issues as gay rights , the national debt and the war in Afghanistan , then lets players sway voters through speeches , endorsements and advertising . The downloadable PC game lets players face off against a computer-controlled opponent or a human challenger over the Internet . Players can opt to manage Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney in his quest to topple President Barack Obama , or run Obama 's re-election campaign . For those who want a greater challenge , the game also lets players run the campaigns of other candidates , such as Ron Paul or Michele Bachmann , or even a fictitious candidate  you !  . Chris Bray , the game 's senior producer and lead designer , said developers tried to fill the game with timely hot-button issues and topics that would appeal equally to Democrats and Republicans . "  We wanted them a bit more tailored to what was actually in the current news cycle , " Bray told CNN . "  That 's why , even after the game shipped , we updated with new issues or tweaks . The issues that make for the best gameplay are where they are truly split issues , like the Chick-Fil-A controversy  over the fast-food chain 's opposition to gay marriage  . " Developers did n't consult political advisers but relied on news reports and their own research into the strengths and weaknesses of the various candidates . They also researched previous elections to understand how voters reacted to issues and candidates . Over time , they were able to develop maps and grids , much like board games , to overlay candidates ' political powers and their positions on issues . "  The main thing we wanted to know for the game purposes was the starting scenario of the game , " Bray said . "  What is a solid Republican state ? What is a solid Democratic state ? And what 's really up for grabs ? " The gameplay offers players many options on how to sway voters in key swing states , such as Ohio . Speeches by your candidate on local topics may win you hearts and minds in that state , but how will they play on the national stage ? Do you sink your advertising dollars into a positive campaign or get dirty with your ads ? Different strategies play out depending on your candidate 's strengths and weaknesses , which states you think you can win and which you are willing to concede . For example , if you play as a Republican candidate , you can sink a bunch of resources  upgrade your campaign headquarters , pump money into the ads , etc.  into taking a huge , traditionally Democratic state such as Illinois . But then you 've blown your entire campaign taking one state , sacrificing other states you might have won instead . The key , Bray said , is managing the game and realizing you do n't need to win everything to be victorious , much like in real campaigns . "  As you play the game and learn the strategies , it 's kind of clicking in your head that this is exactly how it works in real life , " he said . "  No one really cares about this Republican state with two electoral votes . It 's going to go Republican . It 's not worth that much effort anyway , so you find yourself throughout the game making those calls . " Bray hopes players of the game will gain a better understanding of the nuances of the electoral process -- why voters are hearing certain messages from the candidates over and over , for example , and why candidates are only visiting certain states . "  The Political Machine 2012 " is designed to be balanced , making it equally challenging for candidates of both major parties . But fringe candidates will have an uphill battle . "  Someone like Michele Bachmann , if you have her as your candidate , it is going to be more difficult versus Obama or Clinton or whoever else , " Bray said . "  If you play as  Ohio congressman Dennis  Kucinich , you 've got a bit of a harder road . It is accurate to real life as to their chances to win . " Bray said it was striking to his team how the real-life political process lends itself to gaming and how the elements of campaigns  strategy , moving pieces , resource management  is in line with most games . Like real life , the game also forces candidates to sometimes decide between standing up for what they believe in and what might get them more votes . "  It 's interesting to see as you are playing the game how quickly that just turns into ` What are the mechanics of what I need to do to win , ' " he said . "  In the game , you often find yourself very quickly going with what 's politically popular , which I think speaks to the state of politicians ' thinking in general . "	"  The Political Machine 2012 " helps you "  game " the electoral process The PC game lets players face a computer-controlled opponent or a human challenger Players can run campaigns of President Obama or GOP nominee Mitt Romney
Beijing  CNN  -- China has arrested a pro-democracy activist , the latest detention in the government 's effort to prevent the Arab world 's "  Jasmine Revolution " from spreading into China , a human rights group said Wednesday . Zhu Yufu , a longtime activist and a founder of the China Democracy Party , is accused of "  inciting subversion of state power , " the group Chinese Human Rights Defenders said . Zhu is at least the fourth activist reported to be arrested and accused of that crime in recent weeks . Amnesty International said Ding Mao , Ran Yunfei and Chen Wei were formally arrested between March 25 and March 28 "  and could face lengthy prison terms . " "  Since an anonymous online call on 17 February to stage a ` Jasmine Revolution ' in China more than a hundred activists , many of them active on Twitter and blogs , have been detained , put under surveillance or illegal house arrest , or have simply gone missing , " Amnesty said in a report this week . "  Moreover , at least a dozen lawyers say they have been briefly detained and pressured by the authorities not to take up cases defending those detained , and even told by police to stop tweeting about the detained people . " CNN 's call to China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Wednesday evening was not immediately returned . "  China is a country ruled by law , and Chinese citizens are supposed to conduct their businesses within the framework of China 's constitution and laws , " much like the United States , Wang Baodong , spokesman for the Chinese Embassy in Washington , wrote in an e-mail . . "  No one is allowed to enjoy privileged rights above the law , no matter who you are and what high positions you hold . " In recent years , he said , about a dozen high-ranking Chinese government officials per year have been prosecuted and punished "  because of their unlawful activities such as corruption and election manipulations , which rarely catches the attention of the American media . We hope that the Western media will take an objective and fair attitude toward China 's human rights situation , which has been constantly improving . " Last week , China denied reports that a dissident artist was being held due to his calls for reform . The government insisted that Ai Weiwei was being investigated for economic crimes . "  It has nothing to do with human rights or freedom of expression , " ministry spokesman Hong Lei told reporters during a regular weekly briefing . Gao Ying , Ai 's mother , told CNN that she is very worried . "  There is nowhere I can ask about his whereabouts , " she said . "  I would sell my house  for the money  to go to court if necessary ... I will go to the prison with him . I would die there with him . "  If this is an economic crime case , why did it need so many policemen ? " she asked . "  Why did they raid his studio , why everyone is now under close supervision ? Is it worthwhile ? This is very stupid . " Ai , one of the country 's best-known artists , helped design the Bird 's Nest stadium for the Beijing Olympics , but he later called for a boycott of the 2008 games because , he said , China was using them as propaganda . He has also accused the Chinese government of trying to silence dissidents . Zhu Yufu is "  the first individual outside of Sichuan Province to be formally arrested as part of the ` Jasmine Revolution ' crackdown , " Chinese Human Rights Defenders  CHRD  said . He previously spent seven years in prison for "  subversion of state power " following a 1998 crackdown on the China Democracy Party , and he was imprisoned again between 2007 and 2009 , the China-based group said . CHRD also said Beijing-based housing rights activist Ni Yulan and her husband Dong Jiqin , missing since April 7 , had been detained . The U.S. State Department Human Rights Report on China for 2010 , published last week , says , "  A negative trend in key areas of the country 's human rights record continued , as the government took additional steps to rein in civil society , particularly organizations and individuals involved in rights advocacy and public interest issues , and increased attempts to limit freedom of speech and to control the press , the Internet and Internet access . "  Efforts to silence political activists and public interest lawyers were stepped up , and increasingly the government resorted to extralegal measures including enforced disappearance , ` soft detention , ' and strict house arrest , including house arrest of family members , to prevent the public voicing of independent opinions . Public interest law firms that took on sensitive cases also continued to face harassment , disbarment of legal staff , and closure . " During a visit to Washington in January . Chinese President Hu Jintao acknowledged that "  a lot still needs to be done " about human rights in his country . He added , "  China also respects the universality of human rights , but at the same time we also believe we need to take into account the differences in culture when talking about human rights . "	Activist Zhu Yufu is accused of "  subversion of state power , " human rights groups say More than 100 activists detained , put under surveillance or missing , Amnesty says State Department human rights report says China 's rights record worsened in 2010
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Brandon T. Jackson was kicked off a US Airways flight Monday because he was disruptive , the airline told CNN Wednesday . The "  Tropic Thunder " star claims that it was other passengers who were loud and that the flight attendant who reported him called him the "  n-word . " "  The disruptive behavior started with loud music being played by Mr. Jackson at his seat , " the airline said . "  He was asked several times to turn down the music . Additional erratic behavior was observed , and that is when the crew made the decision to stop serving . If the crew determines to no longer serve alcohol to a customer , then their decision is definitive at that point . " But Jackson 's rep insisted the actor was not served any drinks before the incident , which he said began when Jackson walked to the back of the plane to ask for two sandwiches for himself and a seat mate . The attendant told him that other passengers had complained that he was being too loud , he said . "  The flight attendant told him to sit down and ' I do n't care if you 're Obama 's son , ' then used a derogatory word -- seemingly in jest , " the rep said . US Airways "  fully supports the actions of the crew in this situation , " and the attendant "  denied any use of the n-word or racist slurs " with Jackson , the airline said . Jackson "  was disruptive and our crew made the right decision , " the airline said . "  This is in line with federal regulations and our policies . " The attendant 's remark "  obviously upset Brandon , so he said he was going to report it to the airline , " the rep said . The attendant told the pilot a passenger was disruptive , and the report was relayed to officials at the Phoenix airport , where he was to catch a connecting flight to Los Angeles , he said . "  The flight attendant made it seem to Brandon that they were going to land prematurely because of him , which alarmed him  and the reason he took to Twitter immediately  , " the rep said . Jackson , who was traveling from New York to Los Angeles for an audition , tweeted to his 205,000 followers from the plane : "  blogs please pic this up US Airways the most racist thing happen i was called the N word "  I do n't care if your obama son " she said " "  they want to escort me off the plane for her saying racial stuff i have witness " "  i wish this racist generation just hurry up and die off ... im tired of this " "  GUYS i need you help i am not going to jail for be called racial slurs please ... " Airport police questioned Jackson after he stepped off the flight in Phoenix , his rep said . The rep said 13 other passengers confirmed Jackson 's story that he was not drunk or disruptive . Afterward , Jackson tweeted again : "  I was released from question and stranded in phx they will not let me fly anymore I do n't want to . . I 'm taking this to CNN " He boarded another flight to Los Angeles Tuesday morning , his rep said . Jackson 's rep provided a statement from a woman he said was seated next to Jackson on the flight , whom he did n't know before boarding . "  He was n't being rowdy at all , and definitely not intoxicated , " Elisabeth Schwarz said . "  There was another exit row in front of us that was standing , drinking and making noise . We were all in shock when the attendant insinuated other passengers were complaining . The other flight attendant even told us we were n't doing anything wrong . " Jackson 's statement also included a conciliatory quote from the actor : "  I realize this was just one flight attendant acting inappropriately and I appreciate the support of the other passengers , US Airways staff at the Phoenix airport , and the Phoenix airport police . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	US Airways "  fully supports the actions of the crew in this situation " Jackson "  was disruptive and our crew made the right decision " "  The flight attendant told him to sit down and ' I do n't care if you 're Obama 's son , " rep says "  i wish this racist generation just hurry up and die off , " actor tweeted
New York  CNN  -- Kenya 's Geoffrey Mutai set a course record in the ING New York Marathon on Sunday , cutting nearly three minutes from a previous best time that had stood for a decade . Mutai finished in 2 hours , 5 minutes and 6 seconds , according to the official website for the race , breaking the old record of 2:07:43 set by Ethiopia 's Tesfaye Jifar in 2001 , the website said . All three top finishers beat the previous course record . Another Kenyan , Emmanuel Mutai  no relation to the winner  finished second in 2:06:28 , and Tsegaye Kebede of Ethiopia was in third at 2:07:14 . The highest finishing American man , Meb Keflezighi , took sixth place , with a time of 2:09:13 . Ethiopia 's Firehiwot Dado , 27 , won the women 's division in her first running of this event , with a time of 2:23:15 , the website said . Mutai , 30 , also won the Boston Marathon in April with a world-best time of 2:03:02 . However , that record is not recognized internationally , however , as the day 's strong tailwinds and the course 's incline drops fall outside of the International Association of Athletics Federations ' record-setting regulations . Dado 's victory was her first in a major marathon , and her fifth overall . She surged past pre-race favorite Mary Keitany in the final mile . Buzunesh Deba , originally from Ethiopia but now living in New York , finished second in the women 's division at 2:23:19 . Keitany finished third with a time of 2:23:38 . Molly Pritz , the highest-finishing American woman , came in 12th place with a time of 2:31:52 . Masazumi Soejima from Japan won the wheelchair division with a time of 1:31:41 , while Italy 's Alessandro Zanardi 's time of 1:13:58 propelled him to first place in the hand cycle division . More than 200 wheelchair and hand cycle athletes participated in this year 's marathon . See results on the marathon 's official website CNN has learned that a 30-year-old male runner collapsed of cardiac arrest and was transported to Mount Sinai Hospital . The annual event has come a long way since the first race in 1970 , when only 127 runners participated and 55 finished a route that coursed within Central Park . This year 's race had 47,107 entrants . The race expanded to the city 's five boroughs in 1976 . The wheelchair and hand cycle divisions were added in 2000 . CNN 's Annie Ramos contributed to this report .	Kenya 's Geoffrey Mutai eclipses course record by nearly 3 minutes Ethopian Firehiwot Dado , 27 , wins women 's division One runner reportedly collapsed of cardiac arrest 47,107 participated , 200 in wheelchair and hand cycle divisions
CNN  -- The U.S. Postal Service spent more than $ 792,000 "  without justification " on meals and events in one five-month period even as it reported losing $ 3.8 billion this year , the agency 's inspector general says in a report . Employees spent $ 792,022 on meals and external events "  without justification for food purchases , purchased alcohol without officer approval and exceeded the dollar limit for meals , " the report says . Among the purchases were crab cakes , beef Wellington and scallops at an installation ceremony for one of several postmasters in the United States , the report says . Despite the Postal Service 's mandate to curtail spending , its inspector general found that "  imprudent spending continues to occur , including continued purchases of gift cards from unauthorized vendors and expensive items purchased as employee recognition awards and retirement gifts . " Read the full report  PDF Such purchases conflict with the agency 's goal to drive down costs , according to the report , which covered spending during several months in late 2008 and early 2009 . The Postal Service reported a $ 3.8 billion net loss for the 2009 fiscal year , despite cost-cutting and reductions in retiree health benefit payments . Asked about the expenses , a Postal Service spokesman pointed to an agency response included in the report . In that response , the agency 's vice president and controller , Vincent Devito , agreed to enforce a spending limit on events and recognition awards as well as make sure employees justify business meal expenses . "  We agree that further policy enforcement is essential to ensure that the policy is followed and imprudent spending is no longer an issue , " Devito wrote . "  It appears there is still work to be done in curtailing spending even further during this time of economic uncertainty . " Among the report 's findings : • There was "  no business justification " for $ 355,451 of food provided at a September 2008 national sales educational conference ; it included a $ 96-per-person dinner and a $ 500 "  bartender charge . " • An installation celebration for one postmaster -- the report did n't say where -- included "  unallowable food purchases " totaling more than $ 17,000 . The menu included "  crab cakes , beef Wellington , shrimp and scallops " even though Postal Service guidelines allow for only "  light snacks " at such events . • There was "  no business necessity or justification " provided for $ 77,757 in breakfast meals for events between September 2008 and February 2009 . The report , issued December 3 , documented purchases for lodging , table linens , flowers and other items "  that we consider excessive during this challenging economic time . " "  Such purchases are in direct conflict with the Postal Service 's objective of driving down costs in all operations and processes , " the report said . "  Moreover , the public 's image of such purchases could have a detrimental effect on the Postal Service 's public image . " The report cited two Postal Service districts that purchased movie tickets for $ 14,140 to give incentives to employees after the postmaster general "  issued a memo directing a curtailment of spending . " It also documented the purchase of 30 retirement watches , costing $ 216 each , in another district . A CNN investigation this year revealed that the Postal Service spent $ 1.2 million to buy the lakefront home of an employee who was relocating . The purchase was part of a policy that allowed the Postal Service to pay for employee homes when they moved , whatever the cost . Months after the story , the Postal Service changed its policy to limit home purchases to $ 800,000 .	Purchases included crab cakes , beef Wellington , scallops for postmaster installation ceremony Report cites districts for buying $ 14,140 in movie tickets as employee incentives Purchases conflict with goal to cut costs after reporting $ 3.8 billion loss in 2009 fiscal year "  It appears there is still work to be done in curtailing spending , " agency 's vice president says
CNN  -- When looking for great journalism advice , why not get it from someone who has been in the business for almost 40 years ? We got CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , anchor of "  The Situation Room , " to answer questions about being a journalist and to share tips on covering the perfect story . Blitzer is an Emmy Award-winning anchor for CNN and is also a recipient of the Peabody Award for his Hurricane Katrina coverage , the Alfred I. duPont Award for his coverage of the tsunami disaster in Southeast Asia and an Edward R. Murrow Award for CNN 's September 11 coverage . See what he had to say below , and then apply some of his advice to your CNN iReport boot camp story ! Being a journalist Q : What and/or who inspired you to become a journalist ? A : When I finished grad school , I sort of fell into journalism . Someone mentioned that there was an entry-level job at the Reuters News Agency . I applied , and , to my amazement , I got the job . Q : And when did you first decide you wanted to be a journalist ? A : It took only a few weeks for me to catch the journalistic bug . I realized that I loved asking questions and filing reports . I had been a news junkie my whole life , even as a young boy growing up in Buffalo , New York , and now I was getting paid to follow the news . Picking a story to cover Q : How do you know when a story is worth covering ? A : My rule of thumb is that if I am interested or intrigued by something , others will be as well . Q : What 's your favorite story of those you have covered ? A : I have loved covering lots of stories . I do n't have one favorite . Among my favorites : the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War , the collapse of the apartheid regime in South Africa , all of the U.S. presidential elections over the years because I love politics . I love covering stories that have huge historic impacts . Q : Where are some good places to look for story ideas ? A : I speak to a lot of people and go to a lot of websites looking for tips . Q : Where have you found your best stories ? A : My best stories come from well-placed sources who point me in the right direction . Finding and talking with sources Q : How do you encourage people to be a source and talk to you ? A : If you are a reliable , honest journalist , sources will open up and trust you and share good information . Q : What 's your best advice for getting someone to speak on the record , and do you ever have to protect them ? A : My best advice is simply to be honest with the sources . Q : In what circumstances , if at all , is it appropriate to keep a source 's details off the record -- and is there such a thing ? A : Some information is understandably very sensitive ; anything that could lead to physical harm or death , for example , is something that I would keep off the record . We may be journalists , but we are also human beings . Q : Have you ever had trouble finding sources for a story ? A : I have been very fortunate in developing excellent sources over the years . It comes with experience . Q : What types of sources are crucial for a good story ? A : The best sources are the ones who are deeply involved in the stories and know a great deal about them . Interviewing Q : What tips do you have for getting people to get comfortable and open up ? A : My rule of thumb is to be polite but firm in asking the questions and trying to make sure I get the answers . Q : What is the one piece of advice you wish you were taught about interviewing that you had to learn on your own ? A : The most important thing is to listen to the answer and follow up when appropriate . Q : How do you take notes and make sure you have the best quotes ? A : The best thing is to record the interview so you can go back and check the quotes . Q : Do you know shorthand ? A : No . But I can scribble quickly . Q : What are some things that could go wrong during an interview , and how do you prepare for such possibilities/steer things back on track ? A : Occasionally , you will irritate the person and that person will want to end the interview . If that happens , you try to persuade that person to stick around for more questions . Editing your stories Q : It 's tough to cut down and/or critique your own writing . What advice do you have for doing that ? A : Have someone else do the editing . My dad always said : "  Two heads are better than one . " Q : What is the most challenging thing about writing for you , and how do you overcome issues that come up ? A : I tend to overwrite ; I need a good editor . Q : Describe your writing process . Do you do it in one session ? A : I usually do it in one session . I do n't dwell on it . Q : Do you have any favorite narrative techniques ? A : I like to tell the story and get to the point quickly . Headline writing Q : What are your personal rules of thumb for a good headline ? A : Grab the attention of the readers ; make them want to read on . Q : What 's the best advice you 've ever been given for a good headline or tease ? A : Make them want more .	iReport Boot Camp challenges iReporters to improve storytelling chops , get story on CNN.com CNN 's Wolf Blitzer shares advice on being a journalist and tips on covering the perfect story For all things boot camp , visit the iReport boot camp page here
CNN  -- He 's a best-selling crime novelist from a Scandinavian country , but do n't call Jo Nesbø the next Stieg Larsson . It 's not that Nesbø does n't care for the comparison . He just believes it 's misleading . The 51-year old from Oslo , Norway says he has more in common with American hard-boiled crime fiction . Nesbø  pronounced NESS-buh  is a former professional soccer player , musician and stock broker , who eventually turned to writing . He was writing bestsellers for ten years before Larsson 's "  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo " was published . While his crime novels have sold nine million copies worldwide , he 's just becoming widely known in the United States , but his new novel will likely change that . "  The Snowman " hit bookstores in the United States last week and is winning raves from American critics . It 's Nesbø 's seventh novel featuring police detective and recovering alcoholic , Harry Hole  pronounced WHO-leh  . It 's a terrifying thriller , about the hunt for a serial killer , who leaves a snowman as his calling card . The book is already a bestseller in Britain , won Norway 's novel of the year in 2008 , and appears headed for the big screen . "  The Snowman " has been optioned by Working Title films , ironically , the same production company behind the movie version of "  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo . " Nesbø was at the Cannes Film Festival last week to promote "  Headhunters " a movie based on another of his novels . He 's now touring a handful of U.S. cities to promote "  The Snowman . " CNN caught up with the author this week . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : For new readers , tell us a little about your main character Harry Hole . Nesbø : It is not easy to summarize the protagonist of the series in a few words , but here are some features of Harry 's personality that are important to me when I write about him : He 's the type of guy who is driven by his good side as well as his darker side . At times he believes in his role as law enforcer , at other times he does n't . And occasionally he is so gripped by his emotions that they overwhelm his basic belief in the principles of a state governed by law . He hunts down criminals with such an intense hatred and finds revenge so hard to resist that at times he could be mistaken for the antagonists he is fighting . But at the same time he can feel empathy for , perhaps even a kinship with , the lawbreaker . Harry Hole is a hero with pronounced weaknesses . All good heroes have an Achilles heel , and in Harry 's case , it is alcohol . CNN : What 's Harry 's up against in "  The Snowman ? " Nesbø : Harry Hole receives an anonymous letter signed "  The Snowman . " A few months later he discovers an alarming resemblance in numerous old disappearances : Married women  who have children  go missing the day the first snow falls each year . CNN : How would you describe Oslo -- where the story takes place ? Nesbø : Oslo is a cozy little capital , but it is also what you have seen in my books . For a while it had the highest number of fatalities from drug overdoses in Europe . There is organized crime , hardcore prostitution , trafficking in drugs and women , and a Russian Mafia presence . It 's a town that has gone through immense changes over the last twenty years . It 's still a very beautiful town in one of the richest countries of the world , and it 's safe . But there is all the rest , so it 's easier to write about the shady side of Oslo now than it was twenty years ago . I want to describe the contrasts , and to me Oslo today is a perfect setting for a thriller . CNN : Your novels deal unflinchingly with some dark and complex themes , including Harry 's alcoholism . Where do your ideas come from ? Nesbø : I believe that those of us who were afraid of the dark when we were young have an advantage . If you pretended you were too big to be afraid of the dark , you closed off part of your brain , but if you let your imagination run , it went wild . When I went down to the cellar to get potatoes as a boy , I came back up again with a horror story of novel proportions in my head . And when I 'm writing the passage about the woman being chased through the forest , or when Harry gets lost , I draw from the fear and horror I experienced myself . I 've been lost in a forest myself and felt I was n't far away , but suddenly it became darker and darker , and even though I thought the house was close by , it was n't . And then you 're convinced you 're lost . Your terror is the fuel for your writing . I was a lot more afraid of the dark and frightened than my brothers , and I 'm sure it has given me an extra edge and sense of horror . I was always the one who had to tell ghost stories when we were small because they could hear the terror in my voice . And I was petrified by my own stories . I am attracted and fascinated by the dark side . I write about it because I 'm curious . I 'm curious about everything that is human . I 'm not fascinated by suffering for its own sake - torture scenes do n't interest me as such -- but I am fascinated by people who torture , what drives them . CNN : Explain why you say Harry 's goal is to understand evil and also love . Nesbø : Harry feels something akin to what the serial killer feels , the same tension and excitement , when he approaches a victim and the same anti-climax after the killer is caught . It is Harry 's ambition to understand both love and evil . He is a passionate guy in all ways . And he is the type of man who has no control over his impulses . The fact that he can not set limits permeates his drinking habits and his attitude to his job . He takes on cases and is swallowed up by them . It is the same with his relationships with women . I could have chosen to make them live happily ever after and have children , but then we have a completely different person , one I find boring . I like the fact that he is in transit in his own life , as far as his emotions and his job are concerned . When you make a person a hero you are bound to have some things in common with him -- at least a basic set of values if you 're going to understand him . I think understanding basic emotions like hate and love is something we spend a lifetime trying to achieve . So , yeah , it 's true for me too . CNN : How has your success impacted your career ? Nesbø : I have less time to write because I have to travel more . Apart from that I do the same things , I keep my life fairly simple and unchanged because I was perfectly happy with the life I had . Having millions of readers is not dramatically different from having a few thousand ; you still have to write books and you still wake up in the morning being your own boss , deciding whether you want to get up . CNN : Any thoughts why "  Nordic Noir " has become so popular among readers globally ? Nesbø : The popularity may have to do with the general level of quality in Scandinavian crime . In the 70s , Sjöwall and Wahlöö established the crime novel as an art form , as serious writing , and since then many of the best writing talents have turned to the crime novel and used it as a vehicle for their stories . CNN : Did you always want to be a writer ? Nesbø : I come from a family of readers and storytellers . My mother was a librarian and my father used to sit in the living room reading every afternoon . When I was seven I pulled "  Lord of the Flies " off the bookshelf and asked my father to read it to me . Not so much because I had good taste , but because on the cover there was a picture of a pig 's bloodstained head impaled on a pole . My father read and I used to think I could have made the story more exciting myself . I had already begun to impress friends my age , and some older children , with my gruesome ghost stories . CNN : What other authors and artists inspire you ? Nesbø : Jim Thompson , Vladimir Nabokov , Knut Hamsun , Henrik Ibsen , Ernest Hemingway , Charles Bukowski , and Frank Miller . Miles Davis , Jayhawks , Teenage Fanclub , Elvis Costello , Ryan Adams , Tom Waits , Bruce Springsteen , Neil Young and Bob Dylan . CNN : What 's on your summer reading list ? Nesbø : "  The Corrections " by Jonathan Franzen . I read the first half in Asia in February , but lost the book . Now I have a new one . CNN : What 's next for you ? Nesbø : My next Harry Hole novel , the ninth in the series , will be published in Norway next month . Next year I plan to write a fourth children 's book in my Doctor Proctor series . Find out more about "  The Snowman " and Jo Nesbø on his website .	Crime author Jo Nesbø comes out with his latest Harry Hole mystery , "  The Snowman " His character , Harry Hole , is driven by his good side as well as his darker side Author : "  Your terror is the fuel for your writing "
CNN  -- One FAA safety inspector was killed and another injured Tuesday when a helicopter they were on crashed into an apparently unoccupied house in Jackson , Mississippi , authorities said . The Robinson R44 helicopter that crashed is similar to the one pictured here . The Robinson R44 helicopter crashed into the duplex-style house about half a mile east of Hawkins Field airport , according to Kathleen Bergen of the Federal Aviation Administration . The two people on the aircraft were from the agency 's Flight Standards District Office in Jackson , Bergen said . Names of the two were not released . Both victims were taken to the Mississippi Medical Center where one of them died shortly after arriving , according to medical center spokesman Jack Masurak . Lee Vance , Jackson assistant police chief , said the rear roof of the house sustained most of the damage from the crash , and no one answered the door when emergency personnel arrived , leading him to believe the house was unoccupied at the time . The helicopter , which was registered to a local company and operated out of the airport , was demolished in the crash , authorities said . No further details about the crash were available .	Both victims taken to Mississippi Medical Center where one died , say officials Rear of house sustained most of the damage from the crash , say police Helicopter registered to a local company , demolished in crash , authorities said
CNN  -- Midfielder Park Ji Sung ended his seven-year stay at Manchester United on Monday by signing a two-year contract with English Premier League team Queens Park Rangers . The South Korean , who made 100 appearances for his country before retiring from international football in January 2012 , has moved to the London club for an undisclosed fee , reported to be in the region of $ 7.75 million . "  This is a real coup for QPR , " manager Mark Hughes , who also used to play for United , told the club 's official website . "  We are delighted Ji is going to join us because his record speaks for itself . He has been a big player for Manchester United and played a big part in their success in recent years . "  He is hugely respected there because of what he has achieved , his application to his work and the impact he has on games . " Have FIFA opened Pandora 's Box ? During his time at Old Trafford , Park has won four Premier League titles and the European Champions League in 2008 . "  I am delighted to be here and be a QPR player , " said the 31-year-old . "  QPR is a club with huge history and tradition , and a great ambition to achieve at the very highest level . "  Owner  Tony Fernandes and the board are striving to accomplish big things at QPR and I wanted to be part of that . "  This project was simply too good to resist , and I am excited about getting started in preseason and going on our tour to Asia in the coming days . " Fernandes is a Malaysian businessman who also owns the Caterham Formula One team . "  I 'm overjoyed and ca n't wait to see him in a QPR shirt , " he said . "  I am the ultimate dreamer and myself and Mark have worked incredibly hard to make this happen . Ji has bought into the story and we could n't be more delighted . " QPR will be without Joey Barton for 12 matches next season after the midfielder was handed a Football Association ban for violent conduct after he was sent off against Manchester City . Meanwhile , Tottenham Hotspur have reached an agreement with Dutch champions Ajax for the transfer of Belgium defender Jan Vertonghen . The center-back revealed the switch via his Twitter account , saying : "  It 's official . I 'm player of Tottenham Hotspur FC . " Vertonghen becomes new Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas ' second signing after Icelandic midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson , who joined from Hoffenheim last week . The 25-year-old captained Amsterdam-based Ajax to a second consecutive Eredivisie title last season and he was named the league 's Player of the Year . "  We are delighted to announce that we have reached agreement with Ajax for the transfer of Jan Vertonghen , subject to a medical , " read a statement on Tottenham 's website . Vertonghen is not the first Belgium star to move to England during the current transfer window . Highly-rated attacker Eden Hazard moved from French team Lille to Chelsea in June . He will come into direct competition with former teammate Thomas Vermaelen , who plays for Tottenham 's north London rivals Arsenal .	Park Ji-Sung completes his transfer from Machester United to Queens Park Rangers The 31-year-old joined United from PSV Eindhoven in 2005 The midfielder won the English Premier League title with United on four occasions Tottenham Hotspur reach an agreement to sign defender Jan Vertonghen from Ajax
CNN  -- This Veterans Day , like the nine that preceded it , does not come at a time of peace . We are no longer saying thanks to veterans of wars past such as our grandfathers , uncles or those guys who fly black POW/MIA flags twice a year . Now we are thanking our children , our friends from high school and our younger cousins . Every day , someone new is introduced to the hardships of wartime military service or the horrors of combat . These are wars with no clean victories . There are no sailors in New York waiting to grab a passing dame to celebrate victory with a kiss . In the way that people offer their thanks , there is an echo of guilt -- just an echo -- of our country 's mistreatment of its Vietnam veterans , and that only a select few have borne this generation 's burden of war . That awkwardness with which the thanks is delivered , coupled with some veterans ' anxieties about what they have seen or done , can make Veterans Day seem like a show of empty patriotism -- or worse , a slim bandage slapped over a gaping wound of indifference , pity or guilt . Our towns and cities throw parades on this day , often out of tradition and in an attempt to demonstrate anything but apathy toward their war fighters . Unlike parades past -- parades not held during wartime -- these gatherings do not celebrate victory . They directly celebrate service while indirectly celebrating survival . Even that is a messy , ongoing process . A returning veteran stepping off a plane onto U.S. soil is not evidence that the veteran survived the war -- about 20 % of all suicides in the United States are committed by veterans . For some returnees , simply making it through another day is their new objective . Life back home can seem remote , confusing or even pointless . Now there is some discussion of restructuring the military pension system and raising the cost of health insurance for future service members to cut costs . That our country needs to get its fiscal house in order is not in question ; what should be examined is the tendency of our government to view military service as something comparable to private-sector work . This perspective , when combined with a cynical political understanding that the military will accept any burden , puts additional strain upon our overtaxed fighting force . Consider how our civilian population 's experiences on this Veterans Day will contrast sharply with that of the military : In the U.S. , a man will wake up , make breakfast , pack his briefcase and walk to his car worrying about traffic jams . In Afghanistan , an infantryman will wake up , slug down the same food he has been eating for months , check his equipment and climb into his armored vehicle worrying about the road disintegrating beneath him . In the U.S. , a hardworking mother of three will cycle her children through the shower , make breakfast and send them off to school before she heads to work . In Iraq , a hardworking military police platoon leader will cycle her 20 soldiers through personal hygiene and the chow hall , and lead the convoy briefing before they go on patrol . In the U.S. , a man will work a part-time job in a warehouse , running a forklift and hauling merchandise throughout the night , impatient to reach home . At Bagram Air Field , a soldier waiting for his leave flight back to the States will draw extra duty . His detail will move dead bodies -- dozens of them -- throughout the night , storing them carefully inside of a transport plane . He will be impatient to be done with the solemn yet gruesome task , but when he is finished , he will have to be ordered to take leave . With the images of the dead fresh in his mind , he will be disoriented and not even want to go home anymore . He wo n't be sure where to go , for that matter . In the U.S. , politicians propose cutting military pensions and health benefits . Overseas , veterans see the potential reduction of military benefits and conclude that their service and their sacrifices -- over many years and multiple deployments -- are not a priority to the very politicians  of both major parties  that sent them to war . Like the casualty numbers in Afghanistan , the number of combat veterans keeps rising . Let this Veterans Day -- like the decade of Veterans Days before it -- be an opportunity to hear the stories of our warriors , to ask them honest and respectful questions without fearing them or projecting preconceived notions onto them . Let it be a day where we can see the falsehood in the argument that government cuts should start with those who have already given up so much . Let this holiday be spent celebrating the freedom to live our lives safely and without fear of terrorism or enemy attack . So go to work , send your kids to school , say goodbye for the day to loved ones -- while others ruck up for another mission . And remember : While the wars will not last forever , many are still in the fight and could use more than a few words of thanks when they come home . And over here , some are still , in their minds and in their wounds , over there . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Raab .	Jonathan Raab : Veterans Day more about survival than victory for many of today 's troops He says returning troops face long recovery even as budget woes raise threat of benefit cuts He says military service is much more taxing and traumatic than a civilian 's work Raab : Americans should remember veterans ' sacrifices after decade of war
