CNN  -- African-Americans really like President Obama , but more and more feel that race relations have not gotten better since he took office , a new national poll found . Obama 's crowd in Chicago on Election Night , when fewer blacks thought race relations were a serious problem . Ninety-six percent of African-Americans approve of how Obama is handling his presidency , according to a CNN/Essence Magazine/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Thursday . During the 2008 election , 38 percent of blacks surveyed thought racial discrimination was a serious problem . In the new survey , 55 percent of blacks surveyed believed it was a serious problem , which is about the same level as it was in 2000 . The poll was conducted May 16-18 , in telephone interviews with 505 African-Americans and 501 whites . Blacks and whites had differing opinions of Obama 's performance . More than 60 percent of blacks felt that Obama met their expectations , while 46 percent of whites did . See the CNN/ESSENCE poll results " Thirty percent of blacks said Obama exceeded their expectations , compared with 16 percent of whites . Six percent of blacks said Obama did not meet expectations , compared with 35 percent of whites . Both blacks and whites gave similar answers to a survey question about whether race relations will always be a problem in the United States . Forty-five percent of blacks answered yes , while 42 percent of whites said yes . Fifty percent of blacks said no , while 56 percent of whites said no . Sound off : Have race relations improved ? The poll had a sampling error on these questions of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points .	African-Americans strongly approve of Obama and his performance , poll finds During election , fewer black people thought discrimination was a serious problem Smaller percentage of whites than blacks say Obama has met their expectations About half of both whites and blacks think race relations will improve
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal and David Ferrer have put Spain on the brink of reaching the Davis Cup final after winning their opening two singles rubbers against France in convincing fashion . With the red clay of Cordoba suiting the Spanish duo perfectly , world number two Nadal -- showing no ill effects from losing the final of the U.S. Open to Novak Djokovic earlier this week -- set the ball rolling with a crushing 6-3 6-0 6-1 success over Richard Gasquet . And Ferrer doubled Spain 's advantage , brushing aside Gilles Simon 6-1 6-4 6-1 , to leave the four-times champions needing just a win in Saturday 's doubles rubber to reach the final . The New Musketeers : France 's fantastic four bid for Davis Cup glory Despite searing heat , Nadal never allowed Gasquet time to get into their match , with the 10-time grand slam winner telling reporters he was delighted with his performance , considering he felt tired . "  That worked out well , I managed to play with a cool head and do what I had to do throughout without losing concentration for a minute , " said Nadal . "  There were moments where he helped me in making mistakes , not forcing me to play long points . My service was working well and that made me feel much more comfortable , " added the Spanish No. 1 . A despondent Gasquet added : "  Even a tired Nadal remains an exceptional player . I could n't find a way past him . It 's a defeat that really hurts . " Spain are attempting to reach the final for the third time in four years , and are favorites to take the trophy with two of the world 's top five players amongst their ranks . They are also well on their way to avenging last year 's 5-0 whitewash quarterfinal defeat to France Spanish doubles specialists Feliciano Lopez and Fernando Verdasco can now finish the job on Saturday when they go up against Michael Llodra and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . Meanwhile , defending champions Serbia have a mountain to climb in order to retain their title after losing the opening two singles rubbers of their semifinal against Argentina in front of 15,000 partisan fans in Belgrade . David Nalbandian set Argentina on their way with a 6-4 4-6 6-2 6-3 success over Victor Troicki , who replaced Djokovic in the opening singles after the world No. 1 complained of fatigue and a back injury . Then , former U.S. Open champion Juan Martin Del Potro saw off Janko Tipsarevic 7-5 6-3 6-4 to put Argentina within one victory of a place in the final . Nalbandian told reporters he only knew of Djokovic 's absence 30 minutes before the match started . "  But I knew yesterday that I had to be prepared to play anyone . We are well prepared , in good form , and ready to write history . "	Spain lead France 2-0 after the opening singles rubbers in Cordoba Rafael Nadal and David Ferrer crush their opponents for the loss of just 10 games Holders Serbia trail Argentina 2-0 after Novak Djokovic withdraws from opener
Oprah.com  -- Here are some dispatches from the outer limits of clutter : You can take it with you Worried about leaving unwanted furniture after you die ? Fear not : Maine-based company Last Things creates bookcases that -- when the time comes -- double as coffins . Lost Last August the body of Billie Jean James was found buried under mountains of junk in her Las Vegas home , four months after she 'd gone missing . This despite the early deployment of search dogs -- and the fact that her husband still lived in the house . Trashistan A Netherlands-based architecture firm is proposing a habitable , floating recycled island built from plastics caught in the Pacific trash vortex -- an accumulation of debris currently estimated to be the size of Texas . Much of the trash has been broken down to microscopic size by photodegradation , while larger material regularly ensnares about 100,000 marine animals a year . The designers believe their massive habitat could not only help clean the ocean but house some of the estimated 200 million "  climate refugees " who may be displaced by changing weather patterns in the coming decades . Oprah.com : How to get back-to-basics and live with less Hoarders in history Last year a stash of 52,000 coins was discovered in Somerset , England , some stamped with the face of Marcus Aurelius Carausius , a third-century A.D. Roman military leader . Turns out burying your family 's valuables -- never to retrieve them -- might once have had religious significance . Bacon was a pig If you think your workspace is messy , you should see the late British painter Francis Bacon 's studio in London . Bacon , whose Triptych 1976 sold for $ 86 million in 2008 , reportedly could not work in tidy spaces . Old photos show every floor and table surface drowning in a sea of debris -- papers , paintbrushes , wood , clothing , Champagne boxes , and more -- leaving little room to even stand . After his death , the scene was lovingly dismantled and reconstructed in a museum in Dublin  where it took three years to re-create the mess  . Oprah.com : 4 reasons to live without Humble abodes One way to forcefully de-clutter is to move into a home the size of a parking space . The Small House Movement -- which has been featured on the Oprah show -- is thriving , according to Kent Griswold , author of tinyhouseblog.com . Griswold recommends Tumbleweed Tiny House company , whose models  with names like "  Weebee "  range from 65 to 840 square feet and cost less than $ 20,000 . "  I 've traveled from Canada to Mexico with my small homes , " writes Griswold . "  Can you do that with your current home ? " Organize it like Beckham One celebrity whose organizational skills are praised consistently -- by no less an authority than his wife -- is soccer star David Beckham . Victoria Beckham has revealed that Becks color-codes the contents of the fridge , vacuums the carpet in straight lines and gets upset when anyone walks on it , and has a separate bathroom because he ca n't stand her clutter . Oprah.com : Organizing guru Peter Walsh 's quicker clean-up tips	One company creates bookcases that can double as coffins Francis Bacon 's messy studio in London took three years to recreate The Small House Movement -- with spaces ranging from 65 to 840 square feet -- is thriving
Moscow  CNN  -- Mikhail Gorbachev , the last Soviet leader , called Wednesday for new parliamentary elections in Russia over concerns about vote fraud . "  Mikhail Gorbachev is very concerned about how the situation in Russia is developing , " spokesman Pavel Palezhchenko told CNN . "  People do n't believe that the will of the people is reflected in the results . " He confirmed a report by the Russian news agency Interfax , which quoted the former Communist party general secretary as saying the elections were unfair and new elections were needed . Demonstrators have been protesting against what they describe as electoral fraud in Sunday 's national vote , which kept Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's party in power but significantly decreased the number of seats it holds in Parliament . Opponents of Putin vowed to continue protesting the election results despite the arrests of at least 250 demonstrators Tuesday . However , a planned opposition rally in Moscow failed to materialize Wednesday , with a heavy security presence in the square where thousands of demonstrators were expected to march , but no visible protesters . Organizers had expected about 2,000 people for the demonstration , they said earlier Wednesday . Rights group Amnesty International said in a statement that Russian authorities "  must halt police mistreatment of election protesters , journalists and detainees " before further planned rallies . Nearly 16,000 people have already said on Facebook they will demonstrate in Moscow on Saturday , which would be one of the largest opposition protests in the Russian capital in years . Amnesty said more than 1,000 people , including journalists , had reportedly been detained following election protests , of whom possibly more than 100 remain in detention . It had received numerous reports of mistreatment of detainees and beatings of peaceful protesters by police , the group said , with some denied medical treatment . "  The scale of arrests has not been in any way justified , " said John Dalhuisen , Amnesty 's deputy director for Europe and Central Asia . "  We fear that the Russian police are simply quashing opposition protest , no matter how peaceful . " Some protesters at opposition rallies have been arrested "  simply for shouting ` Freedom ' or ` We need another Russia , ' " he said , while pro-government supporters gathered in the same location have been left untouched . Boris Nemtsov , a former deputy prime minister turned vocal government opponent , told CNN he was among those detained at a rally Tuesday . Putin 's United Russia party held a separate demonstration . Police said there were about 8,000 people there . Tuesday 's anti-Putin protests drew much smaller crowds than a similar rally in Moscow Monday , where thousands of demonstrators turned out for an event state news agency RIA Novosti described as the largest opposition demonstration in years . Protesters Tuesday were met with a firm response from security forces , who dispersed many and made arrests . But some analysts said the presence of protesters was a significant sign that could prove a turning point in Russian politics . "  This is n't a surprise that the party got fewer votes . I think the real surprise are the number of people who went out on the street , " said Toby Gati , a senior international adviser at the Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld firm . As simmering anger over allegations of official corruption and economic stagnation appear to be boiling over . Putin has promised to make changes , including reshuffling his Cabinet . He said the losses his party suffered in Sunday 's elections were inevitable . "  They are unavoidable for any political power , especially a political power that has held the responsibility for the state of a country for some time , " he said after results were announced . One observer said Sunday 's election results , which left United Russia with a slim majority in the 450-seat house , signal that the leader 's grip on power was weakening . "  Whatever else they reveal , Sunday 's results undercut the image , common in the West , of Putin 's regime as an effective authoritarian state , " Daniel Treisman , professor of political science at the University of California , Los Angeles , wrote in a column for CNN . "  In fact , it is a regime that can not even steal an election decisively . " But Matthew Rojansky , deputy director of the Russia and Eurasia Program at the Carnegie Endowment , cautioned that this week 's protests were fueled by the frustrations of a "  liberal fringe , " not the majority of the population . "  The bulk of Russians ... still have negative memories of the last time a government went down . They 're not terribly interested in feeding chaos , " he said . "  It 's not the Arab Spring on the streets of Moscow . " A preliminary report from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe on Sunday 's election said some political parties had been prevented from running and the vote was "  slanted in favor of the ruling party . " A draft report by the organization 's election-observer mission details alleged attempts to stuff ballot boxes , manipulate voter lists and harass election monitors . The group , which monitors and promotes democracy and human rights , cited the lack of an independent body running the election or impartial news media . And there was "  undue interference of state authorities " in the vote , the 56-nation organization said in a statement . Putin 's United Russia party will have 238 seats , down from more than 300 in the outgoing Parliament , or Duma , Central Election Commission head Vladimir Churov announced , with 99.99 % of ballots counted . Meanwhile , the Communist Party will have 92 seats , A Just Russia will have 64 , and the Liberal Democrats will have 56 , Churov said . CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this report from Moscow ; Stephanie Halasz and Matthew Chance reported from London ; Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Russia must stop "  mistreatment " of peaceful protesters , rights group Amnesty says An opposition rally in Moscow fails to materialize but police are out in force Mikhail Gorbachev calls elections unfair , a Russian report says Demonstrators protest election results , which returned Vladimir Putin 's party to power
CNN  -- Poet , dramatist and novelist , Wole Soyinka 's work has left a large imprint on the literary landscape of Africa . Poltical activist and Nobel Laureat , Wole Soyinka . His work has been performed internationally and in 1986 was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature . Regardless of the global profile and recognition , writing for Soyinka has always been , and always will be , a part of his life . "  I began writing early , very , very early . ... I was already writing short stories for the radio , and selling poems to poetry and art festivals , I was involved in school plays , I wrote essays , so there was no definite moment when I said , now I 'm a writer . I 've always been a writer , " he told CNN . Before being honored with a Nobel Prize , Soyinka had written plays performed across the world , set up drama groups and held academic positions in the UK , the U.S. and Nigeria . Poetry and novels make up the rest of his work , but it is with the medium of drama that he feels most comfortable . "  When I write plays , I 'm already seeing the shapes on stage , of the actors and their interaction , and so on and so forth . I do n't think I 've ever written one play as an abstract piece , as a literary piece , floating in the air somewhere , to be flushed out later on , " he said . Now 75 , Soyinka claims it is a natural curiosity with life and humanity that has always compelled him to write , and should be a pre-requisite for all aspiring writers . "  Before you 're a writer , you 're a citizen , a human being , and therefore the weapons of the citizen are at your disposal to use , or not use , " he said . Often he 's used those "  weapons " to take aim at oppression , corruption , the legacy of colonialism and slavery , both in his work and more overtly in his political activism . At times he 's suffered for his outspoken views ; in 1967 he was imprisoned for 22 months for publicly calling for a truce during Nigeria 's civil war and in 1994 was forced to leave the country when General Sani Abacha came to power . "  One of my earliest short stories in fact had to do with the story of a family which escaped enslavement by Portuguese slave leaders , so you can see how early I was preoccupied by that theme of power and freedom , and domination , " he said . "  If there 's one overriding political theme it 's my continuing emphasis on the axis of freedom and power . I think that the history of the world , of all societies , has spun on those two axes . " Soyinka spends his time between Nigeria , Europe and the U.S. , much of it on the lecture circuit , but the need to write remains . "  I 've always written plays for the purpose of getting something out of my system . That 's the first stage . And the next stage is , I want to get it onto the platform -- onto the stage . And once I 've done that , no matter where , I 'm satisfied . " Watch the show on CNN on Saturday , August 1 , 12.30 , 21.30 GMT and Sunday , August 2 , 18.00 GMT .	Imprisoned in native Nigeria for 22 months during civil war after calling for a truce Poet , playwright and novelist won Nobel Prize for Literature in 1986 "  I 've always written plays for the purpose of getting something out of my system "
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- What was Hurricane Karl was losing its punch in Mexico Friday , while Category 2 Hurricane Igor turned toward Bermuda , which is bracing for landfall late Sunday . A third hurricane in the Atlantic Ocean , Julia , continued to sputter , forecasters said . Karl 's eye came ashore just north of the city of Veracruz , Mexico , around 11:30 a.m.  12:30 p.m. ET  Friday . Karl was gradually downgraded to a tropical storm , with 70 mph  115 kph  winds at 8 p.m. ET , according to the U.S. National Hurricane Center . The storm 's biggest threat may come from torrential rainfall . Some areas may receive between 5 to 10 inches , with isolated amounts of 15 inches possible . At least 3,000 homes in central Mexico were damaged when Karl came ashore , the state-run Notimex news agency reported . The Hurricane Center said the storm is expected to weaken to a tropical depression soon and dissipate over the mountains of Mexico on Sunday . Some local flooding was reported , the Mexican Interior Ministry said . The Mexican government canceled all coastal warnings and watches . Meanwhile , the two other hurricanes in the tropical trio churned in the open Atlantic Ocean . A storm system south of the Cape Verde Islands has a 10 percent chance of becoming a tropical cyclone , forecasters said . At 8 p.m.  7 p.m. ET  , Hurricane Igor , downgraded to Category 2 , had maximum sustained winds near 105 mph  165 kph  . It was moving toward the northwest at 10 mph  17 kph  , but forecasters said its forward speed and strength are expected to increase in the next couple of days , followed by gradual weakening . Igor was about 600 miles  965 kilometers  south-southeast of Bermuda . A hurricane warning was in effect for the island , which was already feeling effects from the storm , the Hurricane Center said . The United Kingdom 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office called Igor a "  dangerous " storm and said Bermudan authorities are making appropriate plans for its arrival late Sunday or early Monday . British nationals are getting updated travel advice . Home Affairs Minister David Burch warned island residents to be ready for storm surge and high winds . "  It is my sincere hope that you and your families take the remainder of today to finalize your hurricane preparations , by securing your homes , your property and ensuring that you have adequate supplies , " he said . Officials expect to close the main airport Saturday . A British frigate will be stationed offshore , ready to offer any assistance . Large swells generated by Igor will continue to affect the Leeward Islands , Puerto Rico , Hispaniola , the Bahamas and the Virgin Islands , according to the weather agency . These swells are expected to cause dangerous surf - and rip-current conditions in Bermuda over the next several days . The swells will reach the eastern coast of the United States , including Florida , on Friday and continue through the weekend , possibly causing rip currents . In the far eastern Atlantic , Category 1 Hurricane Julia continued to weaken . As of 5 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  , Julia 's maximum sustained winds were 75 mph  120 kph  . The storm was moving west-northwest at about 18 mph  30 kph  . The storm 's center was about 1,525 miles  2,450 kilometers  southwest of the Azores Islands .	NEW : Karl is downgraded to a tropical storm Storm system brewing off Cape Verde Islands Bermuda taking Igor seriously ; warning issued
CNN  -- Egyptian security forces have arrested four Al Jazeera journalists , with the government saying at least one of them met with members of the banned Muslim Brotherhood . Correspondent Peter Greste , Bureau Chief Mohamed Fahmy , producer Baher Mohamed and cameraman Mohamed Fawzy were taken into custody Sunday evening in Cairo , the network said . The Egyptian Interior Ministry said on its Facebook page that security forces arrested a Muslim Brotherhood member and an Australian journalist at a Cairo hotel . Greste , an Australian , previously worked for CNN , Reuters and the BBC . The ministry said the Muslim Brotherhood member used the hotel to meet with other members and as a media center to broadcast damaging news about the government for Al Jazeera . The network demanded the journalists be released . Calling the arrests arbitrary , Al Jazeera said the network "  has been subject to harassment by Egyptian security forces , " including having its equipment confiscated and offices raided , despite the network not being banned from working in Egypt . The arrests occurred the day before the Committee to Protect Journalists issued a report saying Egypt , Syria and Iraq have become the deadliest countries for journalists . Seventy journalists were killed in 2013 , with six of those deaths in Egypt , the CPJ said . Egypt 's current round of political turmoil began when former President Mohamed Morsy was removed from office in a July 3 coup . Last week , the military-backed government declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization . Police and members of the Muslim Brotherhood have clashed in the streets since then .	NEW : Four Al Jazeera journalists were arrested , the network said NEW : Al Jazeera calls the arrests "  arbitrary , " slams "  harassment " of network The Egyptian government says at least one journalist met with Muslim Brotherhood members The government recently declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization
CNN  -- Arizona authorities on Monday arrested the mother of a 5-year-old girl last seen more than a month ago , a police sergeant said . Jerice Hunter was "  placed under arrest for child abuse directly related to her daughter , Jhessye Shockley , " Glendale Police Sgt. Brent Coombs told reporters . "  Our investigators are still working diligently to locate Jhessye , " he said . "  This is a step down that path . " None of the leads about the girl 's whereabouts has panned out , Coombs said . But he did say that information about her mother , Hunter , proved to "  have substance to the investigation  and  have proven to be accurate , as far as we can tell . " Jhessye allegedly wandered out of her Glendale home on October 11 , unnoticed by her 13 - , 9 - and 6-year-old siblings who were supposed to be watching her . Her mother contacted police , saying she did so after she could n't find her daughter when she returned home from an errand . The siblings were later interviewed separately by experts and have maintained they do not know what happened to Jhessye , Coombs said previously . Soon after reporting the girl missing , Hunter pleaded for the public 's help . "  Please bring my baby back . ... Her safe return is all I want , " Hunter said last month . "  She belongs to this family . ... She 's somebody 's child . Mine . Please bring my child home . " Since then , Hunter has "  not been cooperative with respect to a polygraph " test , which police asked her to take , Coombs said Monday . He described Hunter as the "  lone focus " in the investigation . Still , he did not rule out that others might be involved . "  We 're not so shortsighted to think that there may not have been an additional person or persons who may ... have helped , " Coombs said . The reward for information leading to Jhessye , as well as to those responsible for her disappearance , has increased to $ 25,000 , Coombs said Monday . Jhessye is described as a black female about 3 feet 5 inches tall , 55 pounds , with black hair in a ponytail and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a white T-shirt , blue jean shorts and pink sandals . Given the time that has passed , the police sergeant conceded , "  We do not believe that it will be likely that we will find Jhessye alive . "	Jhessye Shockley was reported missing on October 11 in Glendale , Arizona Her mother has said the girl wandered away while at home with her siblings She earlier pleaded in the media , "  Please bring my baby back " The mother is accused of "  child abuse directly related to her daughter , " police say
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Italy 's coast guard says at least 1,623 migrants have landed on the tiny island of Lampedusa over a 24-hour period . According to a coast guard statement released Tuesday , at least seven boats believed to have taken off from Tunisia landed on the Italian island with more than 400 passengers . The rest of the people were rescued at sea by Italian maritime patrols . Sailors at the Tunisian fishing port of Zarzis said they have seen a spike in the number of boats full of migrants departing on the dangerous 16 - to 24-hour journey to Lampedusa , about 100 kilometers  62 miles , or 54 nautical miles  away . "  Yesterday , seven boats left here for Lampedusa , " Faisal Jebnoun said Monday as he pulled seaweed and other debris from his net after a long day fishing for squid . "  The youth are crazy , " Jebnoun added . "  They all think they 'll find a better life in Italy , and they do n't even speak Italian ! " Italy has seen a surge in migrants from Tunisia since the North African country experienced a revolution in January that threw longtime President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali from power . Lampedusa is often a favored target since it is one of the southernmost European points in the Mediterranean Sea . At one point , said Souei Abdesslem , president of the Blue-fish Union in Zarzis , so many young Tunisians were anxious to smuggle themselves to Europe that fishermen began sleeping in their boats to prevent them from being stolen for the hazardous passage across the Mediterranean . The Italian coast guard reported that it had rescued five passengers Sunday night who said their boat sank , with 35 other passengers still missing . Dozens of passengers from a Tunisian boat are believed to have died in January after it collided with a Tunisian coast guard vessel on a similar journey . Coast guard spokesman Cosimo Nicastro said he expects that the recent surge of migrants will decrease because of forecasts of stormy weather in the days ahead .	At least 1,623 landed on the island over a 24-hour period Fishing port of Zarzis is about 100 kilometers from island of Lampedusa Italy has seen a surge of migrants since revolution overthrew Tunisian president Numbers expected to decrease amid forecasts of stormy weather
CNN  -- In American business great CEOs embody their companies . They persuasively connect their companies ' brands to the emotions , desires , aspirations and , yes , the fears and challenges of consumers -- men and women alike . Jack Welch of General Electric , Roger Enrico of PepsiCo , Howard Schultz of Starbucks , Steve Jobs of Apple all come to mind . A great CEO is a company 's No. 1 salesperson . Yet Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has showed himself as just the opposite , last week whipping up the justified anger of women in the workforce with advice that they should wait patiently for pay raises . At Thursday 's global conference of women in tech , dedicated to the memory of a legendary female computer scientist , Grace Hopper , Nadella -- the first ever male keynote speaker -- was responding to a query on advice for women who are uncomfortable asking for raises and promotions . He told conferees : "  It 's not really about asking for the raise , but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along . " He later added that such restraint is "  good karma . It 'll come back because somebody 's going to know that 's the kind of person that I want to trust . " How could Nadella be so -- putting it charitably -- tone-deaf ? At the very least , he was unprepared : A great CEO is always ready to be put on the spot , to answer questions on a tough subject from his corporate vantage point as a powerful leader . The big stunner for the headlines , however , was that Nadella revealed a remarkable level of insensitivity and ignorance about the huge barriers women face in the workplace . The immediate backlash showed just how out of step he is with the reality faced by a substantial chunk of his workforce talent every day as it tries to advance up the ladder of success at Microsoft . For women , his comments are a reality check -- a clear sign that even though the general consciousness about women , work and equality is higher than ever , so much remains to be done . More than ever , women need to stand up , be heard and challenge the prevailing attitudes that maintain unequal treatment . Nadella 's company , for example , recently reported dismal statistics on the number of women in its management ranks . Microsoft revealed that while women make up 29 % of its total workforce , they are 17 % of its leadership -- the lowest among their tech peers , though by a slim margin of 4 percentage points . The "  system " Nadella wants women to depend upon at Microsoft has not been kind . Bethany McLean writes in the November issue of Vanity Fair magazine that it has rested on a leadership culture embodied by Nadella 's predecessor , Steve Ballmer , that drove , according to one person interviewed for the article , "  sub-optimal human behavior , " as well as behavior modeled by both Ballmer and Microsoft founder Bill Gates that had , according to a former executive quoted , "  too often crossed the line into abuse . " It 's not just Microsoft . At Harvard , women faculty disagreed with their male peers by a ratio of 2-to-1 "  that the climate for female faculty in the School/Department is at least as good as for male faculty . " Just as meaningful as climate is access to powerful peers who decide whether nontenured faculty stay or go . The women faculty members said they felt excluded from an informal network that might improve the perception of their research or help them move up the ladder . Nadella 's remarks are also a call for women to be not just impatient about raises but proactive about compensation equality . Money and representation equal power and mobility , especially among male-dominated groups . According to an article in the Financial Times , "  women engineers make 89 cents for every dollar their male colleagues earn . " That reality is a result , in part , of the limited impact a minority group can have on a system when they are underrepresented in the power structure : Five out of every six tech employees at Microsoft , Google and Facebook are male , the article says , quoting data from Harvard economist Claudia Goldin . Nadella hit a nerve because his offhanded remark revealed a truth , and women need to be vocal storytellers about how attitudes such as his can hold them back . They need to take action to support , encourage and network on these issues inside these corporate systems . After all , it is persistent challenges against defenses that ultimately change an organism . Our experience working with women in companies in media , communications and consumer products suggest that they are coming together -- and with the support of male peers -- to share wisdom and raise awareness on issues of professional ethics and equality , including harassment , unequal compensation and negative stereotyping . In the entrepreneurial realm , nonprofit groups such as Springboard Enterprises and FITE give women-led startups access to venture capital , and raise awareness , through public relations , of the disproportionately low startup funding available to women entrepreneurs . As a society , we 've been at this now for years but , arguably , there 's never been a better , more opportune , time in history for women to be proactive and persuasive about changes that have to come about for everyone . Male-dominated companies such as Microsoft stand to gain a lot by being proactive about equality : They can reduce expenses by limiting turnover , maximize the value of the investment in educating women and improve overall productivity and competitiveness . As they work toward this , one immediate change Microsoft might want to consider : Hire an executive coach .	Writers : Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said women should wait for karma to get ahead Nadella revealed ignorance , insensitivity to what women face , they say They say his comments show women must be proactive Writers : Women must challenge attitudes in companies that hold them back
CNN  -- They were "  wiseguys " or "  goodfellas , " the federal government said Thursday of five reputed mobsters indicted in connection with a string of unsolved crimes , including the fabled 1978 Lufthansa heist at JFK International Airport . In an indictment that reads like the script of "  Goodfellas , " alleged mob captain Vincent Asaro , 78 , and other alleged members of the Bonanno organized crime family are accused of murder , racketeering , armed robbery , arson and extortion . In the infamous Lufthansa robbery , a band of robbers stole about $ 5 million in cash and nearly $ 1 million in jewels from an airline cargo building in the largest cash robbery in the nation 's history at the time . The robbery was part of the story in Martin Scorsese 's 1990 "  Goodfellas " film about organized crime in New York . And Thursday 's indictment opened with a primer on the hierarchical structure of the mob or "  La Cosa Nostra " and one of its most notorious families , the Bonnanos , with explanations of the roles of its boss , "  consigliere " or underboss , administrations , crews , captains , soldiers , associates and "  goodfellas . " "  As alleged , Vincent Asaro devoted his adult life to the Bonanno crime family , with a criminal career that spanned decades , " Loretta Lynch , U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York , said in a statement . "  Far from a code of honor , theirs was a code of violence and brute force . Those suspected of cooperating with law enforcement paid with their lives . " She added , "  Neither age nor time dimmed Asaro 's ruthless ways , as he continued to order violence to carry out mob business in recent months . " Also charged in the indictment were fellow Bonanno family members or associates : Asaro 's son , Jerome , Jack Bonventre , Thomas "  Tommy D " Di Fiore and John "  Bazoo " Ragano . Four of the five defendants pleaded not guilty Thursday before U.S. Magistrate Marilyn Go , who said that no bail would be set now because of the violent nature of the charges . Bonventre , who was not arraigned Thursday because his lawyer was unavailable , will be arraigned Friday . The defendant did not appear in court . Vincent Asaro 's lawyer , Gerald McMahon , arrived in the crowded courtroom with a large plastic bag filled with prescription drugs for his client , who , he said , had triple bypass surgery in March . The courtroom was filled with Asaro family members and federal agents . "  Vincent Asaro said that we are going to trial on this case -- there will be no plea , " said McMahon , who joked that the indictment was giving Scorsese the basis for a sequel to "  Goodfellas . " "  Short of a dismissal , there will be a trial . McMahon said his client has high blood pressure in addition to the recent triple bypass . "  We 're gon na try to put together a sufficient bail package so he can get bail , " he said . "  But he 's not a very wealthy man , unfortunately ... My client is n't in the position to put $ 10 million on the government 's table , either for bail or for some sort of a special deal . " Of his client 's alleged involvement in the fabled heist , McMahon said : "  Innocence . Pure , actual innocence . He did n't do it , had nothing to do with it . Pretty much all the people that did it got murdered ... So , the fact that my client did n't get murdered would suggest that he did n't have anything to do with it , so I 'll start right there . " Vincent Asaro is the first accused mobster to face charges in the Lufthansa heist . Ed McDonald , a former federal prosecutor who investigated the Lufthansa heist , told CNN that authorities were able to confirm at least eight killings reportedly connected to the robbery . "  You know at the time it was an extraordinarily big deal , " said McDonald , who played himself in the film . "  It was the largest robbery in the history of the United states . For whatever reason , the tabloids in New York took a fancy to this case . They were fascinated by it , and what was happening was that a lot of the people who were allegedly involved in the robbery in some form ... were turning up dead . " The only person convicted in connection with the JFK heist was Louis Werner , a Lufthansa cargo agent , McDonald said . Werner , who was arrested a few months after the robbery , was convicted of being the "  inside man " who provided information that helped the robbers carry out the heist , McDonald said . Other crimes described in the indictment also sound similar to events portrayed in the film -- a 1969 murder , burning a New York building and a racketeering operation that used threats of violence to extort money from victims . "  These ` goodfellas ' thought they had a license to steal , a license to kill , and a license to do whatever they wanted , " George Venizelos , assistant director-in-charge of the FBI 's New York office . "  However , today 's arrests of the five members of the Bonanno crime family brings an end to their violent and ruthless ways . " CNN 's Haley Draznin , Adam Reiss andJason Carroll contributed to this report	NEW : Four of five defendants plead not guilty Grand jury indictment charges murder , other crimes including 1978 Lufthansa heist Five alleged mobsters were arrested Thursday Among them is Vincent Asaro , reputed member of the Bonanno organized crime family
CNN  -- Police in British Columbia say a man wanted for allegedly recording himself reaching speeds of at least 186 mph on his motorcycle and posting the video on YouTube has been arrested . Randy George Scott , 25 , walked into the Kelowna , British Columbia , police department Tuesday evening , identified himself , and said there was a warrant for his arrest . "  The man allegedly responsible for the infamous YouTube video "  Victoria Highway Run 299km " is in custody , " Kelowna police said in a statement . Kelowna is about six hours from Saanich , the town where the incident took place . British Columbia police ID biker who posted video of 186-mph ride On July 10 , charges were filed against Scott after receiving tips from the public identifying him as the motorcycle rider in the video . The Saanich Police Department on Vancouver Island said the incident took place on April 6 on a busy stretch of the Trans-Canada Highway . Video of the ride quickly went viral across the Internet , but Scott was nowhere to be found . In the video , a motorcyclist is seen reaching a speed of 299 kilometers per hour  186 mph  weaving between cars , but authorities think his actual speed may have been even faster . The speedometer tops out at 299 kph . "  You can hear him accelerating even when it says 299 kph , " Saanich Police Sgt. Dean Jantzen told CNN . The posted speed limit is 80 kph  50 mph  . Jantzen said motorcyclists traveling at dangerously excessive speeds are not typical in that part of Saanich , which is more urban . Saanich police said Scott , if convicted of dangerous operation of a motor vehicle , could be sentenced up to five years in jail . Police in Kelowna are n't sure why Scott chose their town as the place to surrender , but said they are working with Saanich police investigators on the case . Since Scott surrendered in the same province where he was wanted , the extradition process is less complex , according to Royal Canadian Mounted Police Constable Kris Clark . Scott remains in Kelowna police custody and was scheduled to appear in court Wednesday . The full video can be seen at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIUTXIsJz3o More from CNN Justice : Justice Department investigating Pennsylvania voter ID law Singer charged with murder in botched cosmetic procedure Gun background checks in Colorado spike after shooting Killer of Jennifer Hudson relatives gets three life sentences without parole	Randy George Scott , 25 , turns himself in in Kelowna , British Columbia Police say the incident took place April 6 on the Trans-Canada Highway YouTube video shows motorcycle weaving through traffic at hair-raising speed
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Dengue fever has killed 25 people and affected more than 6,000 over the past two months in Lahore , Pakistan , a health department spokesman said Monday . In total , 6,400 cases of dengue fever have been documented , said Ikhlaq Ahmed , spokesman for the health department of Punjab province . Of those , 6,000 are in Lahore , a city of more than 6 million people known as Pakistan 's cultural capital . The 25 who died are all from Lahore , in eastern Pakistan . An average of 300 new cases of the virus-based disease , spread by mosquitoes , are being reported in the city daily . "  We prefer to stay at home rather than going shopping , " because of the threat of disease , said Zainab Khan , a 25-year-old professional from Lahore . Asim Hussain , who works in an office in Lahore , said , "  I may lose my job , " since he has n't gone to work because of the outbreak . All the schools in Lahore have been closed by the provincial government , Ahmed said . The outbreak has created panic in the city , he said , as thousands of people crowd hospitals for testing . The city 's poshest areas are among the hardest hit , he said .	A health official says 25 people have died Most of the cases are in the city of Lahore The outbreak has caused panic in the city
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea bade farewell to former President Kim Dae-Jung Sunday in a ceremony attended by thousands of citizens , dignitaries and politicians . South Korean Buddhist monks pray in front of a portrait of former president Kim Dae-jung during his funeral Sunday . The solemn Sunday afternoon ceremony was held outside parliament , with a large portrait of Kim placed on a shrine surrounded by flowers . The funeral followed six days of mourning for Kim , who died Tuesday of a heart failure . Kim 's age at the time of his death was in dispute , with some reports saying he was 85 while others placing it at 83 . Kim 's state funeral was the second such ever given in the country , South Korea 's Yonhap news agency said . Another president , Park Chung-hee , was also accorded a state funeral after his assassination while in office in 1979 . Kim -- who was president from 1998 to 2003 -- won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2000 for trying to foster better relations with North Korea . The watershed moment of his presidency came in June 2000 when he met North Korean leader Kim Jong Il , becoming the first South Korean leader to do so since the Korean War unofficially ended in 1953 . But rapproachment talks between the two sides hit a wall after conservative South Korean President Lee Myung-bak took office in early 2008 with a tougher stance toward the North than Kim and his successor , Roh Moo-hyun . Ahead of the funeral , President Lee met with a visiting North Korean delegation , who delivered a message from Kim Jong Il expressing hopes for improved relations between the two countries . Lee , in turn , reiterated his government 's firm stance , presidential spokesman Lee Dong-kwan was quoted as saying by Yonhap . But in a possible sign that icy relations between the two rival nations are nevertheless thawing , South Korean Unification Minister Hyun In Taek met with North Korean unity leader Kim Yang Gon on Saturday . It was the first high-level , cross-border contact in nearly two years . The meetings between officials of the two Koreas are in stark contrast to the tense public statements they made about each other earlier this year . Tensions between the two were heightened in July when North Korea launched seven short-range missiles toward the Sea of Japan . The launches came after North Korea conducted a nuclear test on May 25 and threatened the United States and South Korean ships near its territorial waters . South Korea condemned the action , calling the launches "  provocative " and "  unwise . " CNN 's Jake Perez contributed to this report .	South Korea bade farewell to former President Kim Dae-Jung Kim won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2000 for fostering better relations with the North Report : Top unification officials of the rival nations met Saturday North Korean delegation in Seoul to mourn the death of Kim Dae-Jung
Health.com  -- Your racial and ethnic background can shape many aspects of your life : the type of food you eat , where you live , and your political views . Now a new survey suggests that how you sleep and what you do before you hit the hay -- whether it 's watch TV , pray , or have sex -- varies by ethnic group as well . In the survey , the first of its kind , a representative sample of more than 1,000 whites , African Americans , Asians , and Hispanics ages 25 to 60 were asked about their sleep and bedtime routines . While their answers revealed plenty of differences between groups , they also showed that we have something in common : Most of us are n't sleeping well . In each group , roughly six out of 10 people reported that they do n't get a good night 's sleep every night or almost every night , according to the survey , which was conducted by the National Sleep Foundation , a nonprofit organization based in Washington , D.C. "  A significant proportion of all ethnic groups are experiencing sleepiness that impacts their day to day living , " says Thomas J.Balkin , Ph.D. , chairman of the National Sleep Foundation . "  Sleepiness impacts every aspect of our lives , so for those people who are not getting a good night 's sleep , getting better sleep will make you sharper in the boardroom , give you a better quality of life , and -LSB- make -RSB- the sun seem a whole lot brighter . " Across the board , a lack of sleep appears to be affecting people 's lives and relationships . Roughly one in four people in each ethnic group said that they missed work or a family function because they were too sleepy , and a similar proportion said they were too exhausted to have sex on a regular basis . Health.com : Eight natural remedies that may help you sleep The survey results offered a peek inside the bedrooms of Americans , and how we spend our time before drifting off . For instance , 75 percent of African Americans reported watching television routinely in the hour before going to bed , compared with 64 percent of whites . Only 52 percent of Asians said they watched TV before bed almost every night , but they were far more likely to use a computer or surf the Web before bed ; more than half said they did so almost every night , compared with about 20 percent in the other groups . Sexual activity also varied among the groups . Ten percent of African Americans and Hispanics reported having sex almost every night , compared with 4 percent of whites and 1 percent of Asians . African Americans , meanwhile , were far more likely than other groups to pray before bedtime almost every night of the week . Who -- or what -- Americans sleep with also appears to vary by ethnicity . Nine out of 10 whites who are married or "  partnered " sleep with their significant others , a slightly higher rate than that among African Americans . But three-quarters and two-thirds of Hispanics and Asians , respectively , said that they do n't sleep with their partner . Those groups , however , were more likely to share a bedroom with their children . "  Asians tend to sleep with children in their beds and that could have an impact on sleep quality because anything that disrupts sleep like a dog or kid in the bed can negatively impact sleep and the restorative value of that sleep , " Balkin says . Whites were more likely to sleep with their pets than other ethnic groups , the poll showed . Although each group reported getting between six and seven hours of sleep on the average weekday  or other workday  , the amount of sleep did vary significantly . African Americans got the least  about 6.25 hours  , and whites got the most  just under seven hours  . With numbers like these , it 's not surprising that relatively few of the survey respondents reported consistently getting a good night 's sleep . "  Most people require seven to nine hours of sleep to feel rested , " says Balkin . "  The first step is to become aware of the problem , and then make more time for sleep and engage in practices that promote good , healthy sleep . " According to Balkin , good sleep hygiene includes going to bed and waking up at the same time each day  ideally without an alarm clock  ; using the bedroom only for sleep and sex ; abstaining from nicotine , caffeine , or alcohol after 2 p.m. ; and avoiding stressful tasks right before bed . Health.com : What 's keeping you awake at night ? "  If you try all these tips and are still not getting enough sleep or are still sleepy , you may have a problem that requires a greater level of intervention , such as medication or light therapy , which can help re-train or reset your body 's internal clock , " he adds . The rate of diagnosed sleep disorders differs among the groups , the survey found . Whites were more likely to have been diagnosed with insomnia , while African Americans were more likely to have sleep apnea , a breathing problem that causes people to wake up frequently . What else is keeping us awake at night ? Roughly 20 percent of whites , African Americans , and Hispanics said that financial problems were causing them to lose sleep at night , compared to just 9 percent of Asians . More so than other groups , Hispanics also worried about health-related concerns . Priyanka Yadav , D.O. , a sleep medicine specialist at Somerset Medical Center in Somerville , New Jersey , says that the survey 's findings suggest that she and other experts in the field need to tailor their treatment to different ethnicities . While Asians reported the fewest sleep problems and were among the least likely to use sleeping aids  such as medication  , for instance , they were also least likely to bring up sleep problems with their doctors . "  Now that I know this , if I had an Asian patient , I would ask them about their sleep to get the dialogue started , " says Yadav . "  It is really important to realize how ethnicities view sleep , so we can better target our treatment recommendations , " she adds . In the end , the racial and ethnic differences in the survey may be less important than the fact that so many people struggle to get a good night 's , suggests Mark W. Mahowald , M.D. , the director of the Minnesota Regional Sleep Disorders Center . "  There are ethnic and cultural differences and socioeconomic factors that play a role in how much sleep everyone gets , but a significant percent of the adult population is sleep deprived , " he says . "  The main consequence of this is impaired performance in the workplace , in the classroom , and behind the wheel , followed by irritability . " People with busy schedules often cut back on sleep to make time for other things , Mahowald adds . But , he says , "  Sleep is non-negotiable and is as important as diet and exercise to our overall well-being . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Three-quarters of Hispanics do n't sleep with their significant other or partner A lack of sleep appears to be affecting people 's lives and relationships Asians report fewest sleep problems and are least likely to use sleeping aids
CNN  -- Editor 's note : Kathleen Koch is author of the best-selling book , "  Rising from Katrina , " which explores how citizens recover from disasters . She was a CNN correspondent for 18 years . For the last year my dining room has looked like the local post office , minus the junk mail . Stacks of letters from around the country piled high . But in this case , there was only one destination -- Japan . While most were collecting money to help the survivors of the earthquake , tsunami and nuclear crisis , I wanted to send something equally crucial to their recovery : hope . "  Words of Hope for Japan " began in March 2011 with a trickle , just 10 letters , all from individuals . But soon they were pouring in at the rate of 200 a day ! Schools , churches , Rotary Clubs , Boy Scout and Girl Scout troops . In the end , some 5568 cards and letters arrived from the United States , Canada and Mexico making it the largest letter-writing campaign for Japan in the country . So many felt moved to offer words of support and condolence to those who had lost so much . The most touching letters came from the Gulf Coast where I 'd grown up . People there understood what Japan was going through and were eager to "  pay it forward " because of the help and encouragement they received after Hurricane Katrina . "  For months , you never heard the sound of a bird . I missed that most of all . There were times when we thought that we would never have a normal life again , " wrote a grandmother from Ocean Springs , Mississippi , where a storm surge similar in height to the tsunami had decimated nearly every building near the beach . "  We learned so much from it , however , " she continued . "  You can live with a small amount of food each day ; water is very precious ; family and friends are the most important ; and God loves us . " A New Orleans teenager penned a three-page letter and described spending days stuck in the Superdome . "  When we left the city , the sun was shining so brightly . I looked up and smiled because I learned that after a storm , there is sunshine . Rays of sun will shine upon your heart , body and soul when you feel alone in the dark or when you are about to give up . " A Biloxi , Mississippi , 10-year-old drew on her post-Katrina experience when she warned the Japanese to "  stop digging through gunk and mud . ... If you keep doing that soon you will get sick . And if you get sick you wo n't have medicine to cure yourself . " Many cards and letters simply exuded joy and optimism . Flowers , rainbows , hearts and smiley faces accompanied exhortations to "  Be Happy , " "  Have Hope , " "  Do n't Worry , " and "  Stay Strong ! " I 'd planned to send the letters straight to Japan , but an industrious woman in Atlanta , Georgia , offered to translate them since not all Japanese speak English . Asako Akai-Ferguson organized more than 200 volunteers around the world to painstakingly translate each card . The project was a godsend for translators who had helplessly watched the disasters unfold . "  I have been extremely frustrated being so far away from home and not being able to do anything to help the survivors of the earthquake , other than just sending money , " e-mailed Virginia volunteer Sachiko Ide . And by all accounts , the letters have helped . Our first batch of one thousand went to a middle school in Minamisouma that had been turned into a shelter . Japanese philanthropist Dr. Minoru Kamata hosted a surprise concert there , handing out letters and posting dozens on bulletin boards for the audience to read . "  Though the damage in the disaster area is awful , I believe that these letters must warm victims ' hearts very much . I do n't know how to thank you , " he e-mailed afterwards . The Japanese American Citizens League  JACL  in Tokyo has delivered the majority of the letters . Carl Williams , coordinator of JACL relief efforts , sent photos of a group of school children he encountered in Iwaki City on the four-month anniversary of the tsunami praying at the shoreline near the site of their destroyed school . He handed out cards and completely changed the somber mood . "  They had all just been crying minutes before . Can you believe it ? " he marveled . The tsunami had so badly damaged the robes in a kimono store in Ogatsu , Japan , that the plan was to shutter it . Encouraged by the letter he received from "  Words of Hope , " the owner changed his mind and decided to re-open his business . A Missouri woman received a response from a woman in Ishinomaki City whose town was destroyed by the tsunami . "  She said my letter made her very strong and smile , " said Deborah Kamp Clifton . "  It made her realize that she has wonderful friends all over the world . " Simple , old-fashioned snail mail . Not even we realized the power it would have .	"  Words of Hope for Japan " is a letter writing campaign for earthquake , tsunami victims Kathleen Koch started the "  Words of Hope for Japan " campaign a year ago Two hundred volunteers translated thousands of letters Many Hurricane Katrina survivors used their experience to offer comfort and advice
CNN  -- Lionel Messi has replaced David Beckham as the best-paid player in world football , according to France Football magazine 's annual "  rich list " . Beckham has topped the list for the last two years , but World Player of the Year Messi is now the highest earner . The Barcelona star has estimated annual earnings of $ 33 million  $ 44.1 m  with Beckham left trailing on $ 30.4 million  $ 40.64 m  . Beckham suffered World Cup heartbreak when rupturing his Achilles tendon while on loan at AC Milan from Los Angeles Galaxy , dashing his hopes of appearing in the finals for the fourth time with England . Blog : Is Messi better than Maradona ? He has suffered a slight drop in income compared to 2009 , partly due to the falling value of the dollar , but Beckham has been in the top two of the list for the past nine years to show his enduring appeal . Messi , in outstanding form for reigning Spanish and European champions with successive La Liga hat-tricks , boosted his earnings through bonuses as Barcelona did the treble last year under Pep Guardiola . According to France Football , Messi 's annual wage is made up of a $ 10 million  $ 13.36 m  basic salary , $ 4 million  $ 5.36 m  in bonuses and $ 19 million  $ 25.4 m  from endorsements and sponsorships , which include Adidas , Pepsi Cola and Gillette . Messi 's predecessor as World Player of the Year , Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo is a close third in the list on $ 30 million  $ 40.08 m  but there is a big gap to the fourth-placed player , Ronaldo 's teammate Kaka on $ 18.8 million  $ 25.11 m  . Thierry Henry , Ronaldinho , Carlos Tevez , Zlatan Ibrahimovic , Frank Lampard and Samuel Eto'o make up the rest of the top 10 . Inter Milan 's Jose Mourinho tops the manager 's rich list with $ 13 million  $ 17.36 m  ahead of Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini on $ 12 million  $ 16.02 m  .	Lionel Messi tops annual list of world 's best-piad footballers Messi relegates David Beckham to second place with $ 44.1 million earnings Inter Milan chief Jose Mourinho is richest manager in annual survey by France Football
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Twelve ordinary people , some too young to remember when Farrah Fawcett and Ryan O'Neal were Hollywood 's golden couple , will now decide who owns an Andy Warhol portrait of the iconic blond beauty . Warhol painted two portraits of Fawcett in 1980 , after her breakout role on the TV hit series "  Charlie 's Angels " made her America 's "  It Girl . " The question before the jury of six men and six women : Did Warhol give one portrait to O'Neal -- the Oscar-nominated star of "  Love Story " -- or did he give them both to Fawcett ? The actress , who was 62 when she died of cancer in 2009 , left all her artwork to the University of Texas , where she studied before being discovered by Hollywood . The university , which already has one of the portraits , is suing O'Neal for the other . He is countersuing for a tablecloth covered with hearts and signed by Warhol . A portrait of the final days of Farrah Fawcett Jurors received the case at 2:40 p.m. PT Monday after hearing closing arguments from attorneys for both sides . The disputed portrait hangs over O'Neal 's bed in his Malibu beach house . He removed it from Fawcett 's Los Angeles condo a few days after she died , with permission from her estate 's trustee . David Beck , a lawyer for the university , asked jurors to honor Fawcett 's wishes as expressed in a will leaving the university "  all artwork and objects of art . " He alleged that O'Neal helped himself to the Warhol after learning she had left him nothing . "  Farrah Fawcett decided to leave all of her artwork to the University of Texas . We did n't even know about it . They 're trying to get you to make Ryan O'Neal a beneficiary of her trust . "  Please , please speak for Farrah because she ca n't speak for herself , " Beck urged . But O'Neal 's lawyer , Marty Singer , countered that the university was being greedy . He told jurors that Fawcett 's original artwork still sits unseen in storage "  in some basement catacomb . " The Warhol the university received after her death was n't shown publicly until earlier this year , he added . "  This is an important case for Ryan O'Neal . This is not just a lawsuit about a painting . This is his life . This painting has been in his life for more than 30 years . Farrah Fawcett was the love of his life , " Singer said . "  I hope that everyone here that is entrusted with this decision will not allow the University of Texas to take this portrait away from him . " Singer pointed out that half a dozen witnesses corroborated O'Neal 's story that Warhol made two portraits -- one for each of them . "  Use your common sense , " he said . "  Why would Farrah want two ? " O'Neal received support on Monday from a surprise courtroom visitor , Fawcett 's "  Charlie 's Angels " co-star Jaclyn Smith . "  I think the most important thing is to imagine how Farrah would feel right now , " Smith told reporters outside court . "  As her good friend who 's known her way before ` Charlie 's Angels , ' I really feel Farrah would want that portrait with Ryan and then on to  their son  Redmond . "  It 's her soul , it 's her eyes , it 's her hair , it 's everything she is . I always described Farrah as this 8x10 glossy -- you know , the combination of this beautiful girl and the girl next door . And that portrait captures that . " Dramatic testimony Warhol , who died in 1987 , was a pop artist who rubbed elbows with -- and churned out portraits of -- the famous and fabulous . All together , his artwork has fetched $ 1.7 billion at auction , second only to Pablo Picasso . The average price for an original Warhol is now $ 7.8 million , according to testimony . An appraiser for the university compared the Fawcett portrait to those Warhol painted of Debbie Harry and Brigitte Bardot and estimated its worth at $ 12 million . But an appraiser for O'Neal set its worth far lower , comparing it to Warhols of Pia Zadora and Dolly Parton and suggesting it would fetch $ 1 million at auction at most . O'Neal , 72 , provided the dramatic highlight of the three-week trial when he was asked what the portrait meant to him . "  I talk to it . I talk to her , " he said , his voice quaking with emotion . "  It 's her presence in my life and her son 's life . We lost her . It would seem a crime to lose it . " O'Neal : I talk to Farrah 's portrait Redmond O'Neal testified about seeing both portraits in his parents ' homes over the years , but he was not permitted to tell jurors what it meant to him and his father . Later , outside the courthouse , he reluctantly told reporters what he 'd hoped to say on the witness stand . "  This portrait is a family heirloom , " the younger O'Neal said . "  It has no money value to me . It 's sentimental . It 's to stay in the family . It 's a beautiful remembrance of my mom , and it belongs where it is . " Fawcett studied art at the University of Texas in the late 1960s before a summer job led to roles in commercials . She posed in a red tank swimsuit for a poster that sold 12 million copies and was cast in 1976 in "  Charlie 's Angels . " She met O'Neal in 1979 and embarked on a tumultuous 30-year romance with a bad-boy heartthrob known equally for his charm and volatile temper . O'Neal , who starred with Mia Farrow in the steamy 1960s prime-time soap "  Peyton Place " and with Ali MacGraw in the 1970 tearjerker "  Love Story , " testified that he persuaded Fawcett to pose for Warhol in 1980 soon after the actors began seeing each other . A producer for the TV news magazine "  20/20 " testified for the university that she introduced Warhol and Fawcett at a book party in Houston . She said she saw no sign of O'Neal at the party or at Warhol 's New York studio , known as The Factory , when Fawcett sat for the portrait . The show was doing a segment on Warhol at the time . O'Neal said he was at both the party and the studio , and that Warhol painted the hearts on the tablecloth at the party . Indeed , the tablecloth is dedicated to Fawcett and "  Ryan O ` N , " and the words "  Houston Texas " are written in a semicircle . Breakup and reconciliation The portrait in dispute wound up in Fawcett 's possession after she walked in on O'Neal in bed with another , much younger , woman in 1997 at the Malibu beach house . O'Neal said he gave the portrait to Fawcett for safekeeping after his "  young friend " complained she felt "  uncomfortable " with "  Farrah staring down at her . " Other witnesses said Fawcett took anything bearing her likeness from the beach house in the wake of the breakup . After 1998 , according to testimony , the portrait was seen in the guesthouse of Fawcett 's Brentwood home and at a Los Angeles storage facility . During the final years of her life , it hung outside her bedroom in her Wilshire Boulevard condominium . The other portrait -- the one now hanging at the university 's Blanton Museum of Art -- hung in her living room . Ryan O'Neal : Andy Warhol portrait of Farrah Fawcett ` is mine ' O'Neal said Fawcett forgave him and they reconciled in 2001 after he was diagnosed with leukemia . Although they never married , he and other defense witnesses said they were a couple and shared quarters at her condo and his beach house , and that he cared for her until she died . Fawcett set up a living trust before her death , leaving all her artwork to her alma mater . She left more than $ 4 million to the couple 's son , Redmond , but nothing to O'Neal , according to testimony . Superior Court Judge William MacLaughlin ruled that the case had nothing to do with Fawcett 's intentions . Instead , he instructed jurors to focus on who owned the disputed Warhol . It is not an easy question to answer since the artist gave the portrait as a gift , both Fawcett and O'Neal have insured it , and it has never been sold -- a point underscored by the correspondence between lawyers for the university and Fawcett 's trustee : "  In light of the unusual relationship and living arrangement between Ms. Fawcett and Mr. O'Neal and in light of the fact the Warhol works were not purchased , it may be impossible to ` prove ' the ownership of the works in question by the kind of documentary evidence we lawyers like , " said one letter to the university from the trustee 's attorney . The Warhol story Both Warhols of Fawcett are 40-inch by 40-inch silkscreens of enlarged Polaroid photographs on canvas . Nearly identical , they show Fawcett in three-quarter profile , with her eyes painted a vibrant greenish blue and her lips a shiny red . O'Neal testified that Warhol agreed to make one portrait for him and one for Fawcett , and that the artist handed one to each of them after they were completed . Over the years , the couple repeated the story to friends , several of whom testified in O'Neal 's defense . O'Neal and those friends told the story in court , and they said Fawcett never disputed O'Neal 's account . The University of Texas ' witnesses included a reality show producer who worked with Fawcett on the TV Land series "  Chasing Farrah " and a documentary about her fight with cancer . Craig Nevius testified that Fawcett never forgave O'Neal and never intended for him to have the portrait . Greg Lott , a former college boyfriend , and Mike Pingel , a former personal assistant , also supplied information to the university and testified on its behalf . O'Neal 's lawyers , Singer and Todd Eagan , portrayed the three men as hangers-on with axes to grind against O'Neal . They presented testimony from O'Neal , as well as Fawcett 's inner circle of friends , including hairstylist Mela Murphy and Alana Stewart , the former wife of actor George Hamilton and rocker Rod Stewart . Stewart , who said Fawcett was her best friend , said she always considered the second Warhol to be O'Neal 's . At one point , according to testimony , Fawcett told another friend that there were just five people in the world she could really trust . She did not name any of the university 's witnesses , but Murphy , Stewart and O'Neal made the list .	Jury to decide if school or actor should have one of two Warhol portraits of Farrah Fawcett Attorneys for University of Texas , Ryan O'Neal give closing arguments "  Please speak for Farrah because she ca n't speak for herself , " university lawyer says "  Use your common sense , " O'Neal lawyer says . "  Why would she want two ? "
CNN  -- Clayton Lockett and Charles Warner 's executions are back on the schedule for next week after Oklahoma 's high court lifted their stays , saying they had no right to know the source of the drugs that will be used to kill them . The inmates , who are being held at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester , where they are slated to be executed by lethal injection Tuesday , had challenged the state 's so-called secrecy provision , which forbids disclosing the identities of anyone involved in the execution process or suppliers of any drugs or medical equipment . Lockett and Warner also challenged the state Department of Corrections ' failure to divulge which drugs would be used , but the department disclosed what drugs it intended to use before the high court 's decision : midazolam , which causes unconsciousness , along with pancuronium bromide and potassium chloride , which shut down breathing and the heart . The Oklahoma Supreme Court said the only remaining issue , then , is whether the state 's failure to disclose its source for the drugs prevents the prisoners from challenging their executions using the Eighth Amendment 's prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment . The court decided it did not . "  This court holds that the secrecy provision ... does not violate the inmates ' constitutional right of access to the courts , " the Wednesday ruling said . Attorney Seth Day , who represents both men , called the ruling unacceptable and told CNN affiliate KFOR that there was no way to know if the prisoners ' executions "  would be carried out in a constitutional and humane manner . " "  It 's not even known whether the lethal injection drugs to be used were obtained legally , and nothing is known about their source , purity , or efficacy , among other questions , " he told the station . "  Oklahoma 's extreme secrecy surrounding lethal injection undermines our courts and democracy . " Attorney General Scott Pruitt applauded the decision , saying the state had a longstanding precedent of keeping the drug sources secret to avoid "  schemes and intimidation used by defense counsel and other anti-death-penalty groups . " "  These death row inmates have not contested their guilt for murdering two innocent victims nor have they contested their sentences of death . The legal wrangling of the attorneys for Lockett and Warner has served only to delay their punishment for the heinous crimes they committed , " he told KFOR . Lockett was convicted in 2000 of a bevy of crimes , including first-degree murder , first-degree rape , kidnapping and robbery in a 1999 home invasion and crime spree that left Stephanie Nieman dead and two people injured . In 2003 , Warner was convicted for the 1997 first-degree rape and murder of his then-girlfriend 's 11-month-old daughter , Adrianna Waller . The constitutionality of lethal injection drugs and drug cocktails has made headlines since last year , when European manufacturers -- including Denmark-based Lundbeck , which manufactures pentobarbital -- banned U.S. prisons from using their drugs in executions . Thirty-two states were left to find new drug protocols . "  The states are scrambling to find the drugs , " Richard Dieter , executive director of the Washington-based Death Penalty Information Center , said in November . "  They want to carry out these executions that they have scheduled , but they do n't have the drugs and they 're changing and trying new procedures never used before in the history of executions . " If Lockett and Warner are executed next week , they would be the 194th and 195th inmates Oklahoma has executed since 1915 .	Inmates had challenged state clause keeping source of lethal injection drugs secret Clayton Lockett and Charles Warner are now scheduled to be executed Tuesday Defense attorney says there 's no way to know if executions will be "  humane " States scrambled for new drugs after European manufacturers announced ban last year
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's war drums continue to beat , but an offhand comment from Secretary of State John Kerry has set in motion a diplomatic effort by Russia -- seized on at the United Nations -- to ward off a U.S. strike on Syria in favor of mediation . What Kerry said was that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad could prevent a strike if he "  could turn over every single bit of his chemical weapons to the international community in the next week . " Kerry added that Syria would not be willing to do this . Russia has latched on to the proposal , and Syria says it is taking the idea seriously . The view is that Kerry 's comment is either an accidental out for a president hemmed in by his own red line , or a momentum-sucking goof that may have erased any chance Obama had to engage in a military strike without broader international approval . Will Russia 's proposal delay an Obama strike ? And how can Obama sway Americans to support military action ? With his approval ratings on all fronts tanking , his prime-time televised address Tuesday night will be crucial . It 'll be the administration 's closing argument after a week of courting lawmakers . Here are five things to look for today . 1 . What Obama says in his speech The president will still make the case that Congress must authorize military force in Syria , a senior administration official told CNN . This , despite the fact that Obama believes Kerry 's offhand offer for Syria to turn over its chemical weapons could bear fruit now that Russia and the United Nations have jumped aboard . The link between the two ? The administration argues that the offer to turn over chemical weapons would n't be on the table if not for the threat of force . A senior administration official told CNN that Kerry 's not in trouble with the president for the comment , but does admit that it was off the cuff while restating administration policy . Bottom line : It was n't inconsistent with what was happening behind the scenes , according to the official . To make his case for a military strike , the president will lay out what happened in the chemical weapons attack in Syria on August 21 , and why it 's in America 's interest to act . He 'll argue that the United States ca n't let this kind of attack go unanswered , and he 'll tell us how he sees it affecting the safety of U.S. troops . And perhaps the toughest one of all , he 'll tell a nation weary from more than a decade of war why Syria is n't Iraq or Afghanistan . 2 . Whether Russia 's diplomatic volley has knocked the steam out of a strike The White House is n't acting like it has . If anything , the lobbying on Capitol Hill is intensifying ahead of the president 's address . It all starts with Obama , who will go to the Hill on Tuesday to make his case to Senate Democrats , a Senate leadership aide told CNN . Making sure to hit both sides of the aisle , the president also will attend the Senate GOP lunch , a Senate Republican aide said . The House Armed Services Committee hosts three of the administration 's big guns beginning Tuesday morning : Kerry , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . All of them will get important face time with the influential committee . Although no longer a member of the administration , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will speak on Syria at the National Constitution Center in Philadelphia on Tuesday evening , just ahead of the president 's national address . 3 . Whether the lobbying efforts pay off in votes For the time being , the tide is against the White House . On Monday , six senators notched their votes in the "  no " column , with just one , Democrat Barbara Mikulski , saying she would favor military intervention against Syria . In the House , chalk up 13 new "  no " votes . That brings the total of "  no " votes to 29 in the Senate and 161 in the House . Still , there are a lot of undecided members -- 46 in the Senate and at least 229 in the House . The numbers could still work out for the president . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid postponed a procedural vote that had been scheduled for Wednesday . The Senate 's in no hurry to vote on Syria . 4 . If Obama fares better in the court of public opinion The president 's approval rating on foreign policy is at an all-time low of 40 % , a steady slide from 54 % in January , according to a CNN/ORC International survey . Just three in 10 approve of how he 's handling Syria . The public is split right down the middle on whether Obama is a strong leader , whether he is honest and trustworthy , and whether he inspires confidence . Then there 's the whole "  war weariness " issue in play . Six in 10 say the war in Iraq was a mistake , and 50 % say the same thing about Afghanistan . Three-quarters say the United States does n't need to be the "  world policeman . " Also hurting the president 's cause , more than seven in 10 say a strike would not achieve significant goals for the United States , and a similar amount say it 's not in the national interest for the country to get involved in Syria 's civil war , a separate CNN/ORC International poll shows . The sentiments come despite survey results that show 80 % of Americans believe al-Assad 's regime gassed its own people . 5 . How the international community reacts The next move appears to be Russia 's in this diplomatic chess match . Can Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov deliver on the offer to have Syria hand its chemical arsenal over to international control , or is it just an effort to buy time for the Assad regime ? Lavrov said Tuesday that Russia 's working on a "  workable , clear , specific plan " that it 'll present soon . The White House is willing to listen and , perhaps , wait a bit -- but not too long . "  It 's certainly a positive development when the Russians and Syrians both make gestures towards dealing with these chemical weapons , " Obama told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Monday . But he said the threat of American force would remain . "  We do n't want just a stalling or delaying tactic to put off the pressure that we have on there right now . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is listening , too . He 's considering asking the U.N. Security Council to demand the Syrian government immediately hand over its chemical weapons to be destroyed . France and Germany also say they like what they 're hearing about a diplomatic solution . But , the French foreign minister said , the Security Council needs to oversee the process , which should start immediately , and the plan should n't let anyone off the hook for ordering a chemical attack . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said Tuesday that France is proceeding with caution . "  We take note of this new position with interest but also precaution , " he said . "  We do not want it to be used as a maneuver for diversion . " What the French want to see is for Syria to be transparent about its chemical weapons program and to put it under international control . France also wants the perpetrators of the deadly chemical weapons attack tried before the international justice system , Fabius said . Iran , a longtime Syria ally , welcomes the Russian initiative "  to stop militarism in the region . " China , also an ally of Syria , says it welcomes and supports the proposal . The opposition Free Syria Army says Russia 's proposal is nothing more than a stalling tactic . "  Here we go again with the regime trying to buy more time in order to keep on the daily slaughter against our innocent civilians and to fool the world , " said Louay al-Mokdad , a spokesman for the group . CNN 's Dana Bash , Steve Brusk , Dan Merica , Paul Steinhauser , Zachary Wolf , Samira Said and Karla Crosswhite contributed to this report .	The president will still make the case that Congress must authorize military force The White House does n't think Russia 's diplomacy has made a strike impossible More "  no " votes have popped up , but a lot of House and Senate members are undecided Obama 's approval rating on foreign policy is down , and a poll shows U.S. war weariness
CNN  -- Suppose that shortly after 9/11 , when it became clear that Osama bin Laden and other members of al Qaeda were responsible for the attacks , President Bush had made the following announcement : "  Those responsible for these attacks are cowardly , vicious murderers , and we will pursue them to the ends of the earth to capture them . They are not warriors , they are criminals , and they will be treated accordingly . And once we catch them , we will bring them back to the United States and put them on trial right there in lower Manhattan so that a jury of 12 fair-minded New Yorkers can decide their fate . " Such an announcement would not have been controversial in the slightest and undoubtedly would have been met with widespread approval . After all , putting terrorists on trial in federal court is how we always dealt with terrorists , including the first group of murderers who tried to blow up the World Trade Center . But President Bush did n't say that . Instead , on November 13 , 2001 , he announced that those responsible would be tried in military commissions , and declared that "  it is not practicable to apply in military commissions ... the principles of law and the rules of evidence generally recognized in the trial of criminal cases in the United States district courts . " Like many Americans , I did not adequately consider the implications of that statement at the time . More of us should have challenged the president to explain why it was impracticable to apply regular principles of law and rules of evidence to these criminal suspects . In hindsight , it appears likely that the president 's real concern was that he knew he had authorized the CIA to detain suspected terrorists in secret prisons and subject them to harsh interrogation methods . Those grossly abusive techniques would taint potential statements and pose a challenge for future criminal trials . Whatever his motivations , the president 's decision to jettison the civilian courts in favor of military commissions was a grave misjudgment that diminished our stature in the world and ultimately accomplished nothing . As I witnessed as a military defense lawyer at Guantanamo Bay , the military commissions of the Bush administration were , indisputably , a catastrophic failure . Not a single person responsible for any major terrorist attack was tried . The countless millions of dollars and man-hours devoted to the commissions yielded only three convictions of minor figures , two -- David Hicks and Salim Hamdan -- who received token sentences and were then released . Neither of these defendants was convicted of a traditional war crime , but of providing material support to terrorism , a crime more appropriately tried in federal court . Since 9/11 , many Americans have been tried and convicted of this same offense in federal court and received considerably longer sentences than Hicks or Hamdan . The third detainee who was convicted , Ali Hamza al Bahlul  whom I was assigned to represent but who refused to be defended  , received a life sentence . Having sat through the trial , I 'm quite confident the prosecutors could have achieved the same outcome in federal court . The convictions of Hamdan and al Bahlul are now on appeal . Because of the many flaws in the law and procedures under which these men were tried , it is by no means certain that their convictions will be upheld . In November 2009 , Attorney General Eric Holder made the decision that President Bush should have made eight years earlier , announcing that the 9/11 suspects would be tried in federal district court . This was more than just a symbolic repudiation of Bush era policies -- after eight years of failed efforts to prosecute the men in military commissions , during which hundreds of other terrorists had been tried and convicted in federal court , it was the only logical choice . Unfortunately , Holder also announced that other detainees would be tried in military commissions , creating a two-tiered system of justice . So far , the attorney general has failed to offer any principled basis for which defendants are sent to which forum , leaving many with the disturbing impression that the decisions are based on political , rather than legal , considerations . The latest news reports suggesting the administration is close to reversing itself has only reinforced this view . It 's true that the Military Commissions Act of 2009 , the third version of the military tribunals , is a substantial improvement over the previous version of the law , which has hastily passed in 2006 in response to the Supreme Court 's ruling that the original military commissions created by executive order were unconstitutional . Indeed , "  the principles of law and rules of evidence " that generally apply in U.S. criminal courts now largely apply to military commissions , ironically proving false President Bush 's original justification for the creation of the military commissions -- the alleged impracticability of applying such principles and rules . Yet , even with improvements , the commissions are still a completely untested criminal justice system . The implementing regulations for the new law have yet to be published . The secretary of defense has failed to appoint a new Convening Authority or a new Chief Defense Counsel for the military commissions . The first hearings under this law have been plagued by confusion and delay , and there 's every reason to believe that will continue . How much longer should the families of the 9/11 victims have to wait for justice ? Perhaps there are sound practical and logistical reasons why the 9/11 trial should not take place in lower Manhattan ; that is debatable . But there are no valid reasons why the 9/11 trial should not take place in a federal court under federal law . Let 's show the world what distinguishes Americans from our enemies : our reverence for the rule of law and our respect for human rights and due process , even for those we despise . Let the alleged 9/11 co-conspirators have their day in court under fair , time-tested and internationally accepted laws , rules and procedures . If they are guilty of the appalling crimes of which they are accused , the capable prosecutors of the Justice Department  who have far more experience than their military counterparts  will prove it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frakt .	Obama administration now reconsidering trying 9/11 defendants in court Former military defense lawyer David Frakt says terrorists have long been tried in court Military commissions do n't have the courts ' long record of achievement , he says Frakt : Let 's show the world our "  reverence for the rule of law "
Sheryl Sandberg 's "  Lean In " venture is being rightly attacked for all the wrong reasons . She 's been drubbed for being too privileged and too powerful . What could a Harvard MBA who hopped from the World Bank to Google to Facebook 's COO know about the lives of "  real " women ? So much of the flap -- pro and con -- over Sandberg 's attempt to jump-start a women 's revolution has less to do with the attempt than with resentment over her class status . Her antagonists ca n't get two sentences into their critique without invoking her net worth and the square footage of her house  $ 500 million and 9,000 , respectively  . And her proponents ca n't get two sentences into their defense without telling us how marvelous she was at that tete-a-tete at that five-star restaurant or that world power brokers ' summit that they had the good fortune to attend . Economic envy is the skunk at Sandberg 's book release party . We hate her for being so anointed , or we love her because we were deemed anointed enough to rub shoulders with her at some post-TED-talk party -- "  we " being the comfortable middle-to-upper class women fueling this media debate . Either way , what 's been missed is a real opportunity that Sandberg 's proposal unintentionally spotlights : the opportunity to talk honestly about feminism and class . The unmentionable issue of class Americans are notoriously averse to discussing class . We want to believe the prime barrier to socioeconomic advancement is ourselves . Sandberg believes that , too . "  We can reignite the revolution by internalizing the revolution , " she writes in "  Lean In : Women , Work , and the Will to Lead . " All we need to do is "  lean in " to our ambitions , and up , up and away we go . The handpicked positive stories posted on the Lean In website all attest to the same ethos : "  You are the boss of you , " writes Beth Comstock , "  CMO , G.E. " Or , as Reese Witherspoon , "  Actress & Global Ambassador , " puts it : "  Just jump ! " What we need to do , Sandberg tells us in her book , is jettison our fears : "  Fear of overreaching . Fear of being judged . ... And the holy trinity of fear : the fear of being a bad mother/wife/daughter . " In this feminist-sounding riff on "  the only thing we have to fear is fear itself , " the only fear not raised is the one FDR was addressing : economic . It 's remarkable oversight in the wake of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression . But Sandberg is n't alone in her silence . Mainstream feminist debate , for all the lip service paid to the "  intersectionality " of race , class and gender , has also left economic divisions on the cutting-room floor . It 's more marketable to talk about sex or pop culture . The recoil from class issues came early , when American feminism began retreating from its examination of root causes . In a 1972 article in the feminist newspaper , The Furies , Coletta Reid observed : "  Early in the women 's liberation movement , I saw class as an issue that men in the Left used to put down feminism . Later it became an issue that many women said we had to discuss , " but never seriously did . And yet , we wo n't ever productively confront women 's secondary status without confronting class . Our economic framework is founded on women 's subjugation . The power structure that Sandberg wants to feminize was built to cement the power of  some  men , and on the backs of  most  women , who would not only stay out of the power suites but would make all the power plays possible by assuming every backstage duty , from minding the kids to handling the least glamorous and lowest-paid work . It 's in capitalism 's DNA , and no cosmetic paste-ons at the top are going to change the dynamic without significant change on the bottom . Charlotte Bunch , whose sane voice on so many feminist questions deserves more notice , limned that connection years ago in her essay , "  Class and Feminism . " "  Class distinctions are an outgrowth of male domination , " she wrote , "  a political mechanism for maintaining not only capitalism but also patriarchy and white supremacy . " You ca n't change the world for women by simply inserting female faces at the top of an unchanged system of social and economic power . "  You ca n't , " to quote Bunch again , "  just add women and stir . " Could Sandberg 's book have launched such a necessary discussion ? Well , actually , yes , if you skip the many pages devoted to variations on her exhortation to "  have the ambition to lean in to your career and run the world , " and linger instead on one sentence that should be at the forefront of such a conversation : "  The number of women supporting families on their own is increasing quickly ; between 1973 and 2006 , the proportion of families headed by a single mother grew from one in 10 to one in five . " Breadwinners and barely staying afloat Since 2000 , as many households depend on a single mother as the breadwinner as depend on a traditional male breadwinner . One fourth of mothers are single , and at least half of children will spend some time in a single-mother home . In short , single mothers are now a huge demographic and a potential force for change . And they 're a subjugated majority . Most single mothers operate under extreme social and economic impediments -- triple the poverty rate of the rest of the population , the highest rate of low-wage employment , the worst wage gap , the lowest net worth , the highest risk of bankruptcy -- that add up to a massive inequality in American society . And this is n't because of a lack of lean-in self-confidence . The U.S. provides the worst support structure for single parents of any economically comparable nation , a recent major study by Legal Momentum found . And it 's only getting worse , as politicians aim to slash welfare programs , enforcement of child support , child tax credits and anything else they can think to deny single mothers , as they blame them for all that 's wrong with society . Nor is their plight because of a lack of lean-in commitment . The study found that American single mothers work more hours than single mothers in any developed nation . And many of them work for subsistence wages for the same companies that have signed up to sponsor Sandberg 's Lean In campaign for executive equality . Wal-Mart , a Lean In "  partner , " is facing sex discrimination claims from 2,000 female employees in 48 states . Sandberg 's book mentions single mothers in passing . But what if she were to champion them ? What if the Lean In community or any group of feminist-minded women were to organize around the cause of single motherhood instead of the cause of their own self-congratulation ? It would involve , first of all , a change in Sandberg 's rules . Testimonials on her Lean In website must be inspirational , not troubling : "  Share a positive ending , " its story guidelines instruct . The flip side of the view that women can do anything if they "  just jump " is the assumption that anyone who does n't should remain invisible . That message is the precise opposite of feminism . Consider instead the benefits of a campaign that bore down on the causes behind the negative endings that mar so many single mothers ' lives . It would not only be confronting a problem that affects huge numbers of women , it would be mounting a significant challenge to a system that will otherwise continue to stand between women and full emancipation . Because what does a single mother signify ? She is an adult woman with responsibilities who is not supported by a man . Symbolically , she stands for the possibility of women to truly remake the patriarchal structure . That would require a movement built not around corporate bromides , but a collective grassroots effort to demand the fundamental social change necessary to grant independent mothers a genuine independence . Single mothers can only be insulted by the advice to "  lean in " -- they could n't lean out if they wanted . And any brand of feminism that leaves them out is a faux liberation . Liberating single mothers requires more than showing other women of privilege how they can be queen of the system . It means following the advice of Charlotte Bunch , and changing -- even destroying -- the system that the Lean In women are so happy and eager to run .	Susan Faludi : Sheryl Sandberg 's detractors and supporters focus on her class "  Lean In " movement is missing the chance to talk about feminism and class Faludi : U.S. single mothers have massive disadvantages and no support systems Feminism that leaves out single mothers is a false campaign that misses mark , she says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In a tough job market , MBA graduates seeking top-tier jobs are turning to a career networking site created by and catering to young professionals . Doostang gets its name from the Latin for "  reaching for talent . " Doostang is an online community that seeks to match the brightest new grads with what it says are the crme de la crme of positions in finance , consulting and tech . Exclusivity is the cornerstone of this network , which connects graduates from elite schools with top employers . The site offers its members access to selective jobs that are not really available on the open market , according to founder Mareza Larizadeh . It 's able to do that because recruiting managers are drawn by the caliber of its members , which includes students from the top business schools , he says . Schools like The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and Duke University 's Fuqua School of Business have formed partnerships with Doostang that enable their students to access the network 's premium job listings for free . "  Our goal is to get great jobs in front of relevant people and relevant candidates in front of hiring managers , " Larizadeh tells CNN . Larizadeh never intended to launch a career start-up . He was completing his MBA at Stanford University in 2005 when he got the idea for Doostang , which is a modified version of "  reaching for talent " in Latin . Classmates were exchanging emails about career advice , and "  I thought , why do n't we give this some structure ? " he recalls . Four years and a round of venture capital funding later , what started as a hobby designed to help friends share career information has turned into a network with approximately 600,000 members . Larizadeh estimates that roughly a dozen of the top 20 MBA programs have signed partnership deals with Doostang . While mostly U.S. focused , Doostang is also becoming more international and recently sealed a deal to provide job opportunities to INSEAD . In an age where social networking sites abound , Doostang sets itself apart by taking closely knit relationships developed offline in B-school and leveraging them online to make a better job searching experience , Larizadeh says . A member applying for a job at McKinsey , for instance , is able to connect with members of his or her Doostang network that may have a McKinsey link to gain an insider 's perspective . Larizadeh believes it is n't just the quality of people and jobs that distinguishes Doostang from other careers sites like LinkedIn and executive search service The Ladders . Doostang is also distinctive in that it caters specifically to students in their 20s and 30s with most of the positions advertised geared towards people at the beginning or middle of their careers . Employers advertising positions on the site range from white shoe firms like Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley to Silicon Valley titans Google and Facebook . Users initially had to be invited to join the network , but now Doostang is open to everyone . Members , however , have to pay for access to the most exclusive job postings . This helps keep the membership selective , Larizadeh said . Generally , people wo n't pay for membership if they are n't qualified for the jobs being advertised , he explained . The fee for premium services , which gives access to the more exclusive job postings , ranges from $ 25 to $ 40 a month . The site , which has always featured jobs at hedge funds , private equity firms and investment banks prominently , experienced a surge when the financial crisis kicked off last fall . "  Even though the economy is not as bad as it used to be , we are still seeing a good uptake . Our traffic is still going strong , " Larizadeh says .	Doostang is a career networking site geared towards 20 and 30-somethings Since it was founded in 2005 , its membership has grown to 600,000 Business schools like Wharton and INSEAD have partnered with Doostang
CNN  The United States and Great Britain have pulled their last forces out of strife-torn Yemen , raising fears that the failed state will become even more of a breeding ground for terror groups plaguing the Middle East and the West . Over the weekend , the United States evacuated the last of its special operations forces -- including Navy SEALs and Army Delta Force troops -- amid the deteriorating security situation in the country , the U.S. State Department said . On Monday , a security source in the region familiar with the situation in Yemen told CNN 's Nic Robertson that British special forces had also left Yemen in the last few days . The British Ministry of Defence declined to comment . The U.S. move came a day after terrorists bombed two mosques in the capital , Sanaa , on Friday , killing at least 137 and wounding 357 others , according to Yemen 's state-run Saba news agency . The terror group ISIS , based in Syria , claimed responsibility for the attack . It also followed months of fighting between government forces and Houthi rebels , who on Sunday seized the international airport in Taiz . The rebels now control both the airport and Sanaa . Yemen has been a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , allowing U.S. drones and special operations forces to stalk terrorists in the country . Now , that arrangement is in tatters , along with any semblance of peace in the Middle Eastern nation . While State Department spokesman Jeff Rathke said Saturday that the United States would continue to "  take action to disrupt continuing , imminent threats to the United States and our citizens , " the move left some wondering what role the U.S. could play with no forces on the ground . The country closed its embassy in Sanaa last month . "  I do n't think there is an active role for the U.S. other than intelligence and trying to see where the dust is going to settle , " said U.S. Sen. Angus King , a Maine Independent who serves on the Senate Armed Services and Intelligence committees . That raises the possibility of the already unstable country becoming an even more fertile environment for terror groups to collaborate , grow and export violence , according to Robin Wright , a security and defense analyst with the Woodrow Wilson Center . "  It 's becoming much like Syria , much like Afghanistan was at the peak of its instability , " she said . On Sunday , U.N. officials said the country appeared to be on a "  rapid downward spiral . " The Security Council again deplored the violence and called for an end to the fighting and for Houthi rebels to return government facilities to the elected government of President Abdo Rabbo Mansour Hadi . But officials said recent events "  seemed to be leading the country further away from a peaceful settlement and towards the edge of civil war . " In addition to counterterrorism issues , all sorts of geopolitical influences are at work in Yemen -- chief among them the regional power play between regional rivals Iran and Saudi Arabia . The Houthi rebels are Shiites with ties to Iran , who have long felt marginalized in majority Sunni Yemen . Sunni Arab countries in the Gulf Cooperation Council want to limit the influence of Iran , particularly Saudi Arabia , said CNN military analyst Lt. Col. Rick Francona . "  They believe now that Iran is in control in Beirut , in Damascus , in Baghdad and now on their southern border in Yemen , " Francona said . "  So the Saudis are beginning to feel a little threatened here and are hoping the Yemen situation does n't spiral out of control . " The Saudis and other Gulf Arab nations have called for every effort to be made to roll back the Houthi gains and hand full control back to Hadi 's government . On Monday , Houthi leader Abdul Malik al-Houthi criticized regional governments over their stance on the fighting . Al-Houthi said his group was striking back at al Qaeda and ISIS in self defense , and said he found it "  very strange " that nearby governments would condemn the group for such acts while welcoming the United States , which he called "  the umbrella of tyranny in the world . " Yemen : What you need to know about how we got here There 's little reason to believe the Security Council 's calls for peace will have much impact . Last month the council slammed the rebels for taking over democratic institutions and holding officials under house arrest , with little effect on the fighting . Last week , a Yemeni jet commanded by the Houthi fired missiles at a palace housing Hadi in the port city of Aden . No one was injured , but the direct strike marked an escalation in the deadly fighting between the two sides . That same day , Yemeni military forces -- some under the Houthis , others led by officers loyal to Hadi -- battled in Aden , leaving at least 13 people dead in the clashes , Aden Gov. Abdul Aziz Hobtour said . The fighting is taking a huge toll on Yemen 's people and economy , said Rafat al Akhali , the country 's former youth minister . Aside from the direct impact of fighting , people are losing jobs and businesses are closing , he said . There 's still time , he said , to implement a political solution to the crisis . "  I do n't think we 're past the point of no return yet , " he said . Francona was less sanguine . "  I do n't see anything stopping a major war going on , " he said . CNN 's Hakim Almasmari , Catherine E. Shoichet , Richard Roth and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	"  Saudis are beginning to feel a little threatened here , " CNN military analyst says Country is in a "  rapid downward spiral , " U.N. officials warn With U.S. and UK forces gone , fears rise that terror could blossom in Yemen
CNN  -- Lectures , slide shows and notes are often boring , but people are using technology to find entertainment in these unlikely places . Spoof notes of "  Star Wars " are scribbled into a fun online "  pencast . " Some use high-tech pens to track presentations . Others share PowerPoints in slide show form online . These technologically spiced-up presentations seem to be getting more attention these days . They 're also creating buzz about what the future of presentations might hold . Consider "  pencasts , " which are made using the Pulse SmartPen and specially gridded paper , both sold by the California startup Livescribe . The pen writes like an ordinary pen but also has a voice recorder , and it "  notes "  so to speak  which notes were taken at which point in the recording . Some quirky SmartPen presentations come off as comedy sketches . One popular presentation muses about how George Lucas might have come up with the idea for Star Wars . Some university students love the technology because they can record and play back what their professor was saying at an exact point in their notes -- which is especially useful when you ca n't read your own writing . And many professors are all for it , too . "  I feel like this is one of those ` Rear View Mirror ' moments in which a new technology comes into our lives with enormous potential and we just do n't know what to do with it yet , " blogs Michael Wesch , a cultural anthropology and digital ethnography professor at Kansas State University . "  We think of it in terms of what we know  pen and paper  and fail to recognize the potential . " That potential -- for entertainment and serious uses alike -- can be gleaned from pencasts posted on the Livescribe Web site 's community section , which is about a year old . The pencasts posted there have collectively received more than 1.5 million views . Soon , it will be easier to embed pencasts on other sites , like personal blogs , the company says . Slide shows are further along in popularity . A startup called SlideShare launched in late 2006 with the idea of allowing people to easily share their PowerPoint presentations . Its site had more than 15 million visitors last month , and its 2008 contest for the best presentations showed off the form 's potential . The best are far removed from the dull bullet-point presentations you might have fallen asleep to . Many use dramatic images , striking design and memorable phrases . Former Vice President Al Gore developed his presentation on the planet 's environmental challenges into the Academy Award-winning documentary and best-selling book "  An Inconvenient Truth . " Last year 's top SlideShare presentation , called "  Thirst , " highlights the looming water crisis and has nearly 200,000 views . Others are more light-hearted . The No. 2 spot  with more than 60,000 views  went to a presentation called "  Foot Notes . " It shows pictures of the narrator 's feet in various places she 's been  like on cobblestone corridors in Prague and a dance floor in Chicago  , interspersed with inspiring quotes related to feet and walking . Finally , for many people , the most dreaded , boring form of communication of all is the lecture . But then , how to explain the popularity of the TED videos ? TED stands for Technology , Entertainment , Design . The conference started in the mid - '80s and has become a networking event of sorts for the world 's best and brightest . Dozens of speakers give presentations of about 20 minutes each -- the perfect duration for a juicy "  media snack . " TED.com started introducing TEDTalks to the public for free in July 2006 , and by the following year , there were more than a hundred talks dating back to 2002 . Broken down into dozens of themes , today they 're popular fodder for video iPods . In one , the amputee athlete and model Aimee Mullins talks about how her many pairs of artificial legs often beat having a single pair of regular ones -- some make her taller , others are works of art . In another , Jill Tarter , an astronomer and director of the Center for SETI Research , discusses how insanely large the universe is and what a "  waste of space " it would be if life on Earth were indeed all there is . It 's hard to watch a handful of TED videos and not feel your perspective broadening . That helps explain how , despite the lecture format , TEDTalks has become hugely popular . A few months ago , the videos surpassed the 100 million views mark -- not bad for a bunch of lectures .	Technology injects new life into a dull medium : presentations SmartPens bring audio and written notes together Growth in online applications makes slide shows and lectures more interesting Success of TED lectures means educational content can be popular
CNN  -- Barack Obama may be a risk averse president focused more on the middle class as his legacy than on the Middle East . But ISIS ' advances against Irbil  where there are U.S. troops and diplomats  and its brutality against the Yazidis and Christians gave him no choice but to become more risk ready . But we should be under no illusion that targeted airstrikes against ISIS and humanitarian assistance to besieged minorities means a transformation in the President 's views about Iraq , a slippery slope to military intervention , or the beginning of a new save the Middle East campaign . Obama is likely to remain a very cautious , risk-averse president . And here 's why . The ` extricator-in-chief ' Barack Obama 's own political legitimacy is intertwined with a commitment to withdraw U.S. forces from Afghanistan and Iraq , the two longest and among the most profitless wars in American history . This is both a campaign promise and one about which the President feels very strongly . He knows he ca n't fix Iraq and if there is a red line in his world view that wo n't turn pink , it is his opposition to redeploying American forces back into Iraq at any significant level . He is in this regard the extricator-in-chief determined to get the United States out of old wars and not into new ones . That , combined with Obama 's wariness about using military force in an open-ended conflict without clear purpose and his aversion to appearing to take the Shia side , particularly one identified with Nuri al-Maliki , a prime minister who has lost the confidence of the vast majority of the Iraqi public , should serve as a brake against an expansive mission creep . The Libya precedent The President 's risk aversion will be strengthened by the way things turned out in Libya . There , in 2010 , in an effort to prevent Moammar Gadhafi 's forces from killing thousands of civilians in Benghazi , the United States and France mobilized a coalition backed by the United Nations , the Arab League and NATO . Despite action by all these formidable forces , it took an eight-month effort by NATO to facilitate the opposition 's efforts to overthrow the Libyan dictator . More important , today Libya is a mess riven by tribal and regional rivalries . And to boot , for the first time since 1988 , a U.S. ambassador was killed in a terrorist attack in Benghazi . Obama knows that there are clear limits to what he can do in Iraq and that even a much more ambitious commitment will not produce results . On the contrary , it will lead to a trap in which the United States is likely to become ensnared . If you could n't fix Iraq in a decade of effort , $ 25 billion to support the Iraqi military and a trillion dollars or more to prop up the Iraqi government , you 're not going to fix it now . 800 + days and counting Governing is about choosing , particularly as a President watches the sands run through the hourglass in a second term . It may well be that Obama 's clock has run out with respect to new domestic initiatives . The really tough issues -- dealing with a grand bargain on tax increases and entitlement reform and climate change -- are probably beyond his capacity to realize . Even immigration reform will likely be a bridge too far . He may well find himself suffering significant losses in the House and perhaps even the loss of the Senate in the November 2014 midterms . Obama could well complete his second term with his major accomplishments being realized in his first . That said , he has no intention of having his remaining less than 1,000 days be consumed with an Iraq war he ca n't win or with a legacy that will be compared to his predecessor George W. Bush , who took America into Iraq in 2003 . Those prospects will virtually ensure a determined effort to keep the Iraq venture limited . If possible , he will share with other nations the humanitarian dimension so the United States does n't have to bear the sole responsibility . One thing is clear . While Barack Obama acted quickly this time around to protect Americans and alleviate the suffering of threatened minority groups , he has no intention of becoming the Lone Ranger of Iraq . Not even George W. Bush was prepared to do that . ISIS : A threat to the United States ? Last year , there were 17,891 global fatalities due to terrorism . Of that number , 16 were Americans . Terrorism from ISIS or anyone else is not right now a strategic threat to the continental United States . It is to our allies , however , particularly in Jordan . And it could become a threat to us , too . With millions of dollars , stolen passports and foreign fighters , ISIS could if it chose make a bid not just to strike at the so-called near enemy  Jordan , Iraq , Saudi Arabia  but at the far enemy , too  the United States  . ISIS has its hands full at the moment . Striking ISIS could well provide it with an added incentive to strike back at U.S. targets in the region and over time at America . ISIS ' bold threat today that its flag will one day fly over the White House is sheer delusion . But it means that this vicious group could direct its attention at the United States . Indeed , an attack against the United States or its assets in the region would clearly be the one trigger that could impel the President to do now what he clearly wants to avoid : launch a major military campaign to strike at ISIS in Iraq and Syria . What 's the endgame ? The biggest challenge for the President is that limited strikes against ISIS targets may protect Americans , buck up the Kurds , and perhaps defuse the current threat to the Yazidi minority on the mountaintop . But they can not put Iraq back together again , save all persecuted minorities from ISIS brutality or help create a new political contract among Iraqi Kurds , Muslims and Shia . Iraq is likely to continue to bleed and we ca n't stop that . The President was right to act and may well be called on to do so again . Indeed , we ca n't rule out the possibility that he would send in more special forces . He can try to enlist other nations , work with America 's regional allies , and push for internal reconciliation among Iraqi politicians . But he 's also right to be cautious and realistic about what he can really accomplish . We can not save Iraq from itself or from its neighbors , particularly Iran , whose vision for Iraq is much different than ours . This was a bridge too far when George W. Bush tried to cross it in 2003 . And it remains one to this day .	President Obama orders U.S. military strikes in Iraq , humanitarian assistance Aaron Miller : Despite the moves , Obama will not take a more aggressive stance He says President sees his legacy as one of ending foreign wars , not renewing them Miller : Obama saw how Bush 's efforts in Iraq proved counterproductive
CNN  -- Radical anti-American cleric Muqtada al-Sadr thanked followers who offered to launch attacks against the U.S. military in Iraq should he reinstate his notorious Mehdi Army militia , according to a posting on his website . The exchange between a follower and al-Sadr on his website comes as Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is talking with members of his government about the possibility of requesting American troops to stay in Iraq beyond a year-end deadline to withdraw . Al-Sadr vowed earlier this year to "  escalate armed resistance " if the U.S. military does not pull its troops as scheduled , a move that could destabilize the country should the Mehdi Army repeat the bloody battles it waged against American and Iraqi forces during the height of violence . "  We intended to be martyred , if you intend to lift the freeze of Imam al-Mehdi Army to defend Islam , doctrine and Iraq . Our martyrdom will be restricted only on activities against the infidel occupier without harming the civilians or any public proprieties , " an unidentified follower posted on the website on Friday . Al-Sadr responded : "  Thank you dears ... May God preserve you and watch over you . " A U.S. military spokesman on Sunday told CNN that , "  Muqtada al-Sadr 's statement speaks sufficiently for itself about his attitude toward the use of violence as an alternative to democratic processes . " "  It 's the same attitude that has caused so much violence for the Iraqi people in the past , " Col. Barry Johnson said . "  We are not inclined to characterize it further at this point . " Since 2003 , al-Sadr has had the support of tens of thousands of Shiites , especially the young and impoverished in Baghdad 's slums and the Shiite south . His Mehdi Army has been considered one of Iraq 's most formidable private armies following the fall of Saddam Hussein . It was blamed for some of the worst sectarian violence in Iraq before al-Sadr suspended most of its activities in 2007 and 2008 , which dramatically reduced violence in Iraq . In 2008 , al-Sadr announced that most of the militia members would be transitioned into a socio-cultural organization to oppose secularism and Western thought . A small group of hand-picked fighters called the Promised Day Brigade would continue to target the coalition , the U.S. military has said . Al-Sadr has ratcheted his anti-American rhetoric up in recent months , raising concerns about an increase in violence as Iraq weighs whether to request that some of the 47,000 troops in Iraq stay beyond a January 1 , 2012 , deadline agreed upon between the two countries . An increase in attacks in recent months against American troops has been blamed on Shiite militias , including the Promised Day Brigade . The U.S. military says the militia is using the bombings to try to take credit for driving forces out of the country . The U.S. military maintains that the Promised Day Brigade and other Shiite militias are backed by Iran , a charge Tehran has long denied . The cleric , who recently returned to Iraq from three years of self-imposed exile , has transformed himself from the leader of the Mehdi Army to a political player . His political bloc has now joined forces with a former rival , al-Maliki . The al-Sadr movement emerged as one of the kingmakers in Iraqi politics last year when it won 39 parliamentary seats . The bloc 's support played a major role in al-Maliki getting his second term in office . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. military spokesman weighs in on cleric 's comments Muqtada al-Sadr says "  thank you dears " to followers Followers pledge to attack the U.S. should al-Sadr reinstate his private militia Al-Sadr has ratcheted up his anti-American rhetoric ahead of a U.S. withdrawal
CNN  -- A dinner out turned into an experience of a lifetime for a North Carolina family thanks to one stranger 's heartfelt gesture . Ashley England and her family want to thank a customer who paid for their meal Friday night and left behind a touching note about their special needs son . A photo of the note has gone viral , shared with thousands of people on Facebook . England told CNN her family , including husband , Jason , 8-year-old son Riley , 4-year-old brother Logan , the boys ' grandmother and their great-grandmother were together at the Stag & Doe restaurant in China Grove , North Carolina , for a family meal when their special needs son , Riley , started to get frustrated . He was hungry and could n't get the Netflix on his mom 's phone to work . The waitress , the autistic girl and the broken hamburger Since Riley suffers from epilepsy and is non-verbal , England said , it 's hard for him to communicate and he screams and acts out when he 's frustrated . England said he started to make screaming noises , beat on their table and threw her phone , catching the attention of some nearby customers . Although a few customers were looking , it was n't the worst experience her family has had out in public since Riley 's condition was diagnosed when he was a toddler , England said . But she was frustrated , she said , and in the past few weeks it has been really tough controlling Riley 's behavior . So what happened next was just what the family needed . Autism , dining out and a side of kindness As their waitress was delivering food to the family 's table , England noticed another waitress , Tonya Griffin , walk up with a few tears in her eyes . She passed along a message from another customer that the England family says they will never forget . Griffin told the family , "  your meal 's been paid for and he wanted me to give you this note . " The note written on a customer 's order slip read , "  God only gives special children to special people . " England told CNN the gesture was really needed and it made her cry . "  I just broke down , the past month has just been so hard . " She added , "  He just does n't know what we 've been going through and how much it was needed at the moment . " When England updated her Facebook page about the family 's experience Friday night , she ended it with this message : "  Dear stranger , thank you for giving me a blessing tonight in a way you will never know . " England says she will be back at the restaurant when it reopens Wednesday -- its hours are 4 to 10 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday -- in hopes she can find the man to thank him personally . Canadians paying the coffee forward -- by the hundreds	Ashley England was having a difficult time with her special needs son at a restaurant A stranger paid for their meal and left a note that touched her deeply She posted the note on Facebook , and it has been shared by thousands
CNN 's Susan Lisovicz sat down with her uncle Lenny Lisovicz , a decorated D-Day veteran , to talk about his experiences at war . CNN 's Susan Lisovicz spoke to her Uncle Lenny about his D-Day and war experiences . HOUSTON , Texas  CNN  -- Decorated D-Day veteran Lenny Lisovicz says the whispers are true . For 65 years my family had heard whispers that he and 220 men stormed Omaha Beach and that he and his captain later went AWOL in Paris , France . They heard he returned to combat and fought all the way to Germany and his courage was rewarded with the prestigious Silver Star . Then -- after that sacrifice and loss -- he was committed to a hospital . On the 65th anniversary of D-Day , Uncle Lenny finally talked at length about everything he had seen and done . And he said it was all true . Nowadays , Uncle Lenny lives a tranquil life . At 91 , he is proud of his garden , where he grows corn , tomatoes and grapefruit . He takes in stray cats , attends Mass and sends money regularly to Catholic missionaries . But his thoughts are never far away from a sliver of sand thousands of miles away . He turned down my offer to visit Normandy . "  I do n't want to see it . I try to rub that out of my mind . It wo n't go away , " he said . But now , he finally agreed to share his memories . Watch Uncle Lenny describe storming the beach " It began with The Longest Day : June 6 , 1944 . My uncle was a 26-year-old lieutenant with the Army 1st Infantry Division , the famed "  Big Red One . " They had been training in England for something big for months . Then , over the loudspeakers in the barracks came the famous declaration from Gen. Dwight Eisenhower : "  You are about to embark on the Great Crusade . " The Germans were taken by surprise in one of the greatest amphibious invasions of all time , which would mark a turning point of the war in Europe . "  I just imagined what that enemy observer felt when he looked through that concrete bunker and looked out at that ocean and all he could see was boats , warships , " Lisovicz said . But the Nazis had a superior position . "  They had you pinpointed . It was just like shootin ' ducks on a pond . Your comrades would get artillery busted . A hand flying here , a leg there , guts laying out on the ground , asking for help and you could n't help them . You had to move . You just had to push them aside , " he recalled . But the Allies could n't push their way onto the cliffs until a massive air assault began . "  At times there were so many planes in the sky you could n't see the sky ... , " Lisovicz said . "  You could see them forming from all directions coming into one pattern . And that 's how we got off the beach , darlin ' . " Their orders were to meet up with the paratroopers , who landed behind enemy lines . My uncle said they found them by smell , because they were all dead . "  They backed them in a corner and machine gunned them down and did n't have enough decency to cover them , " he said . That was when an unwritten order came down : "  No prisoners . And we did n't take any . " It was shortly after this that he decided he had enough . He and the captain went AWOL in Paris . To add insult to injury , they stole the major 's jeep . Their freedom lasted only about a week . "  The MP told us he was going to shoot us for going AWOL . But who cares ? You did n't care anymore , " Lisovicz said . "  You were just fed up with war , fed up with killing , just absolutely fed up . " But they were n't shot -- not by Americans , anyway . My uncle and the captain went back into combat . The captain was killed by a camouflaged tank . My uncle was now the commanding officer . And the fighting was ferocious as he battled his way into Germany . He set trip wires for flares in one pivotal battle . At about 3 a.m. , the flares went off . The Germans had overrun the outer defenses of the platoon . It was chaos . The Silver Star says that he "  skillfully deployed men and weapons into strategic positions and with accurately directed fire , held the foe at bay until supporting troops arrived and repulsed the attack . " But there was more . "  When I looked up I seen a man walking up with two of my comrades . It was a German . So I went after him . And got him and brought my men back , " he said . The Silver Star described it as "  extraordinary gallantry and aggressive leadership . " Only 22 of the 220 men that stormed the beach with him came home alive . That was the last time my uncle saw combat . He had been hit . He learned about his Silver Star in the hospital . He wanted to return , but he was shell-shocked . "  It took them a year and a half of my life for them to straighten me out and get back to civilian life , " he said .	Sixty-five years after D-Day , CNN correspondent 's uncle talks about experience Lenny Lisovicz describes day he and his unit stormed Omaha Beach He says the Nazis "  had you pinpointed . It was just like shootin ' ducks on a pond " Lisovicz was one of 22 , out of 220 men in his group , to return home alive
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- With a new armed threat breathing down its neck , Libya 's discordant government made a snap announcement on Tuesday -- elections will be held in just over a month . The move was intended to stem a spike in violence that has prompted the U.S. military to ramp up preparations for a possible emergency evacuation of the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli . Just two days prior , armed men claiming allegiance to a newly formed movement called the Libyan National Army stormed parliament and announced they had suspended it . The declared goal of the LNA is to eradicate Islamist militants from Libya , including Ansar al-Sharia -- the group blamed for the September 11 , 2012 deadly attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi . Nearly 80 people have died in less than a week in battles initiated in the name of the LNA . Why it 's all gone so badly wrong Politics and bullets But the effectiveness of any solution involving an election is sure to find doubters in Libya . Only 1.3 million out of an estimated 3.4 million eligible voters are registered to vote , according to Libya 's elections commission . During the country 's last election in February , only 14 % of eligible voters participated , and boycotts and violence spoiled polls in some cities . The budding military alliance is a reflection of the political deadlock in Libya , which has increasingly pitted Islamists against those who oppose them . Their squabbles have paralyzed government , hindered elections , foiled security efforts and cost the interim administration its legitimacy in the eyes of many Libyans . After the raid on parliament -- known as the General National Congress -- its speaker , an Islamist , called upon a large Islamist militia to take up the fight . Gunfire from the skirmishes that followed crackled through Tripoli for nearly two days . Four people died and 90 were wounded , health officials said . Turmoil in Libya : Fighting sweeps across Tripoli following violence in Benghazi New military force Still , it was much less bloody than a battle in Benghazi last week led by retired Gen. Khalifa Haftar , who first declared the existence of the LNA . Haftar 's men launched a land and air offensive against the Benghazi bases of Ansar al-Sharia and Islamist groups with ties the government in Tripoli . The resulting battle killed 75 people and wounded 141 more . Haftar was once a general in the Libyan army under dictator Moammar Gadhafi but had a falling out with him and emigrated to the United States , where he lived for almost 20 years . He returned in 2011 to participate in the revolution to overthrow Gadhafi . He has criticized the government for not getting a grip on violence , particularly from Islamist groups , and has called for the government in Tripoli to be removed from power . He has named his campaign against Islamist militias Operation Dignity . Militants have attacked foreign diplomats , Westerners , Libyan journalists , activists and judges , but they have aimed most of their violence at government security forces with nearly daily bombings , kidnappings and assassinations . Establishment army clout Many of those who have declared alliance with Haftar come from the ranks of Libya 's army , including well-respected officers , and they have been on war footing with Islamist militias already . Members of secular militias have also joined the LNA . The central government has vehemently objected to Haftar 's offensive , but the retired officer , who fought to overthrow former dictator Moammar Gadhafi , vowed to not stop until Libya is "  purged " of extremists groups . It 's unclear whether there was any coordination of the attacks in Tripoli and Benghazi by forces claiming loyalty to the Libyan National Army . But their common enemy is clear : Libya 's Islamists . U.S. prepares evacuations As violence spread early this week , the U.S. military doubled the number of aircraft standing by in Italy if needed to evacuate the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli . About 250 Marines plus seven Ospreys and three C-130 planes were in place , just in case , a Pentagon spokesman said . No decision has been made to close the embassy , he said , but one of the lessons of the Benghazi incident that killed the U.S. ambassador and three more U.S. citizens was the "  need to be more agile . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh reported from Tripoli ; Ben Brumfield wrote in Atlanta ; CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Libya makes snap announcement for parliamentary elections Gen. Khalifa Haftar bombed Islamists blamed for attack on U.S. consulate in Benghazi Armed men declaring loyalty to Haftar have "  suspended " the parliament in Tripoli Libyan special forces commander near Benghazi vows to join Haftar
CNN  -- A story about Pope Francis allegedly saying animals can go to heaven went viral late last week . The problem is that it was n't true . Many erroneous news reports on this incident relied on an article that appeared in The New York Times . That article alleged that the Pope , at a general audience at the Vatican , comforted a boy whose dog had died by saying : "  One day , we will see our animals again in the eternity of Christ . Paradise is open to all of God 's creatures . " This was not what happened , and in a  frankly , embarrassing  correction now appended to that flawed article , the Times points out : "  The article also misstated what Francis is known to have said . According to Vatican Radio , Francis said : ` The Holy Scripture teaches us that the fulfillment of this wonderful design also affects everything around us , ' which was interpreted to mean he believes animals go to heaven . " ' So : Wrong and wrong again . But even the correction at the Times and elsewhere  including this news site  did little to stop the initial report of the story from zinging around the Internet and giving new , unfounded hope to animal lovers everywhere . This fiasco illustrates three things : First , while I know it 's tempting to write punny headlines like "  Dogs in heaven ? Pope Francis leaves Pearly Gates open , " news organizations that ran the erroneous account really should hold fact checking to a higher standard . Note to writers : Do n't rely on People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals as a source for papal quotes . Second , part of the reason this story caught fire is that it sounds like something Pope Francis would say . In his two years as the leader of the worldwide Roman Catholic Church , Francis  who took the name of St. Francis , the church 's patron saint of animals  has prioritized the lowly . By extension , he must love puppies and kitties , right ? As David Gibson of Religion News Service points out , this is n't the first time such a myth about this Pope has spread . Last year , news reports said he was sneaking out of the Vatican at night to feed the homeless around Rome . A nice thought but also not true . "  The media and the public are so primed for Francis to say novel things and disregard staid customs that the story was too good to check out ; it fit with the pattern , " Gibson writes . The "  animals can go to heaven " meme also paints Francis as a stirrer of theological controversy , which brings me to my third point : People have strong feelings about whether they will spend the afterlife with their deceased , beloved pets . This is where I should be honest and admit I 'm not the world 's biggest animal lover . A bite when I was a young child instilled a lasting fear of most dogs , especially big ones . But I have loved some animals , including my sister 's dog , Buddy , who died earlier this year . Lots of friends tried to comfort her with the "  rainbow bridge " story , which says that animals wait in a heaven-like place to be reunited with their owners in the hereafter . This is definitely not Catholic teaching , but its popularity reveals the desire of people to believe that their pets ' lives have meaning . While the Catechism of the Catholic Church , which contains official church teaching , does not address the issue directly , it does make clear that animals do not have the same immortal souls of humans and thus would not be eligible to enter the Pearly Gates , so to speak . The catechism says we should not mistreat animals , but points out that God made them for humans ' stewardship and that we should not "  spend money on them that should as a priority go to the relief of human misery . One can love animals ; one should not direct to them the affection due only to persons . " The quote that "  paradise is open to all of God 's creatures , " which was mistakenly attributed to the current Pope , is now being attributed by the Times and others to a previous one , Paul VI , who died in 1978 -- although the attribution here is also not particularly decisive . Even if it were , just because a pope says something does n't mean church teaching has changed . My apologies to all the animal rights activists , vegans and everyone who has ever lost a pet who got so excited yesterday . While Catholics believe that their leader is infallible , that doctrine is a lot more complicated than meaning that everything that comes out of the Pope 's mouth is the gospel truth . Also , it 's important to note that Paul VI 's alleged comments apparently were in response to a young boy whose dog had recently died . In the Catholic Church , we call that being pastoral . In other words , the Pope was trying to comfort the boy and provide solace , not doctrinal instruction . What is true is that Francis has been vocal about the importance of caring for creation . The source of this whole controversy was a late November talk about how the End Times will result in a "  new creation . " But neither he nor Pope Paul VI went so far as to ascribe eternal souls to animals that would be comparable to humans . But , as this whole incident illustrates , people will believe what they want to believe .	Heidi Schlumpf : News reports said Pope told boy dogs go to heaven ; report proved untrue Story went viral because it fit pattern of pronouncements many expect of Pope Francis , she says . Claims are that Paul VI said something more like that , not Francis , she says . Either way ... ... Catholic catechism clear : Animals do n't have immortal souls for heaven entry , she says
Gay and lesbian rights advocates continued their undefeated run Thursday when a federal judge ruled Florida 's same-sex marriage ban to be unconstitutional -- though he did n't go so far to allow such marriages as to take place right away . U.S. District Judge Robert Hinkle noted in his ruling that his is now one of 19 federal courts that have struck down state laws that bar gay and lesbian couples from marrying . While most of the time those decisions were put on hold as appeals work their way through the system , they have all reached the conclusion . Like those other judges , Hinkle said the Florida ban -- first put into law in 1977 and written into the state 's constitution after a 2008 referendum -- violates the "  due process " and "  equal protection " provisions in the U.S. Constitution . His ruling applies both to whether same-sex couples can marry in Florida as well as to whether such marriages elsewhere should be recognized in the Sunshine State . "  The Florida provisions that prohibit the recognition of same-sex marriages lawfully entered elsewhere , like the federal provision , are unconstitutional , " Hinkle writes . "  So is the Florida ban on entering same-sex marriages . " Yet his decision , while firmly in support of allowing same-sex marriage , wo n't take effect immediately . Hinkle 's reasoning : It does n't make sense to open up and allow such unions , only to have higher courts later reverse his decision and leaving some couples potentially in legal limbo . Judges hear four states defend same-sex marriage bans Earlier this summer , state Circuit Court Judge Sarah Zabel wrote a similar ruling , based on a similar rationale . She , too , immediately stayed her own order "  pending the outcome of the expected appeal . " For all their celebrations Thursday , the fact that none of these rulings have taken effect , in full , is high on the minds of LGBT rights activists and groups . One of them , Equality Florida , called on state leaders to stand with them as the issue continues to move through the courts . "  Florida put this discriminatory ban in place , and Florida should end it , " the group said on its website . "  Our families have waited too long already . " The state 's top elected official , Gov. Rick Scott , has a different opinion . His re-election campaign spokesman Greg Blair said Thursday that while Scott "  respects the many views Floridians have on this issue , he believes in traditional marriage consistent with the constitutional amendment passed by voters in 2008 . " "  There are several cases going through the court system , " Blair added , "  and the governor respects that process . " Fast Facts : Same-sex marriage	Gov. Rick Scott for "  traditional marriage " in line with voter-backed amendment A federal judge says Florida 's same-sex marriage bans violates U.S. Constitution 19 federal courts have weighed in on this matter and reached the same conclusion Judge stays his own order , meaning gays and lesbians ca n't marry right away
CNN  -- They watched by the tens , if not hundreds of thousands . In cozy sports bars and cavernous sports stadiums . In living rooms and in public spaces . In front of computer screens and in front of big screens in downtown plazas . To echo the national team 's mantra : They believed the Americans could win . Their team did not , however , exiting the World Cup in the knockout round after losing 2-1 to Belgium . But if anything can salve the wound of the U.S. team 's elimination in the World Cup , it 's how many in the country opened their eyes to soccer , as if for the first time . "  Our heroic display makes young Michael Jordans choose soccer over bball in High School now ! " tweeted Terrence Boyd , a late cut from the U.S. National Team . " @ussoccer will be a real force . " Time will tell if more American athletes turn to soccer -- or football as it 's known most everywhere else in the world -- over basketball , football or baseball thanks to the 2014 team . Still , over the past few weeks , there 's no denying that the Americans ' performance has galvanized and , quite likely , created legions of fans . While ratings were n't immediately available for Tuesday 's match with Belgium , the Americans ' first-round match against Ghana set a viewership record for ESPN 's coverage of World Cup matches . Their game last week versus Germany was the network 's second-highest rated World Cup match . It 's not just that people watched , it 's how they watched . Social media buzzed every game , with people seemingly living and dying by every goal-scoring chance and save by stalwart U.S. goalkeeper Tim Howard . And then there were the thousands who ventured down to Brazil in their red , white and blue -- in their clothing as well as their faces -- to cheer on their team . The U.S. players repeatedly said they had noticed the groundswell of support , both in Brazil and back in the United States . It helped propel the team -- and , they hoped , will help contribute to their sport 's growing popularity stateside . "  Watching some of the scenes back home has been incredible , " said Howard , who was named "  man of the match " after his tremendous , although losing , performance . "  It fills us with pride and inspired us to push forward and feel like we could actually could do something , special because the feeling , the passion back home , was second to none . " The growth of soccer in the U.S. On the world stage -- in economics , politics or whatever else -- Americans are rarely underdogs . Yet that was the case in the world 's biggest sporting event , especially after the team was put in what many called "  the group of death . " The United States was one of two teams to advance from that group , leading up to its game with Belgium . The Red Devils prevailed thanks to two goals in extra time -- after 90 minutes of scoreless regulation -- in what U.S. head coach Jurgen Klinsmann described as both "  a thriller " and "  a bummer . " "  The whole country and the fans that came down to Brazil ; they can be proud of their team , " the German-born coach said on ESPN . "  We take a lot , a tremendous amount away from this experience . We grew up a lot . " The same could be said of the U.S. soccer program , generally . In many ways , this growth has been a long time coming . U.S. Youth Soccer notes that there are more than 3 million registered youth players , compared to just over 100,000 in the mid-1970s . That 's out of about 24 million players total , ranking the country second only to China in terms of participation by a single nation , according to FIFA . Major League Soccer has also seen a relative boom of late , with passionate fan bases in places like Seattle and Portland , Oregon , and games often attended by upwards of 20,000 people . Still , some see soccer as a niche sport -- followed passionately , yes , but not by mainstream Americans . The World Cup , though , may have changed that . Fans -- both new ones and diehards -- energized You could see the support at Chicago 's Soldier Field , where thousands , some of whom admitted that they 'd played hooky from work , gathered to watch the game . The lakefront stadium is better known as home to the other game of football -- the NFL and its Chicago Bears -- but on Tuesday , its gates were opened to the public . Thousands of fans sat in the stands or stood on the gridiron , which was covered with a protective matting . "  National Watch Soccer Day , " one fan said . Similar scenes played out in AT&T Stadium , home to the Dallas Cowboys of American football lore . Freedom Plaza in Washington was also packed with American fans . So was the South Court Auditorium of the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , where the attendees included President Barack Obama , who even started a cheer of "  I believe that we will win ! " Rival sports leagues and stars , like the NFL , also offered their support . Major League Baseball tweeted out pictures of Phillies , Astros and Twins players watching the U.S.-Belgium game . The Red Sox 's Johnny Gomes rocked a tank top and shorts that doubled as American flags while taking batting practice . Los Angeles Laker Kobe Bryant tweeted his congratulations on Twitter , saying , "  Well done #USMNT mde our country proud . #USsoccerOntheRISE #WorldBWarned . " Bryant has made his love for "  football " known for some time . But what got many in the U.S. soccer world so excited this summer was all those who usually do n't care about the sport following the game -- like one man who posted to CNN.com 's match blog , "  I hate soccer and yet here I find myself hanging on every post about the game . " A patron at Nevada Smiths sports bar in New York , John Paul Ovadia , remarked how soccer was once a marginalized sport in the United States , but not any more . "  I think every four years there 's more and more interest , " Ovadia said . "  And the further the U.S. goes , the more people are paying attention . " U.S. vs. Belgium preview : There 's no room for error now FIFA : U.S. World Cup fans most active online Glossary for the budding American World Cup fan CNN 's Sean Farrell and Richard Roth contributed from New York ; George Howell and Jennifer Goelz from Chicago . Michael Martinez wrote from Los Angeles .	NEW : Tim Howard : "  Watching some of the scenes back home has been incredible " NEW : U.S. player : "  Heroic display makes young Michael Jordans choose soccer over bball " NEW : Pro athletes from other sports show their support for the American team The U.S. is ousted from the World Cup after loss to Belgium , but manages to win over fans
EW.com  -- Although reincarnation is never discussed in "  The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel , " past lives exert a powerful presence in this lulling , happy-face story of retirement-age self-renewal , set in a shimmering , weltering , jewel-colored India . Except in this case , the recycling is n't of souls but of the elements of box office success . So to get the most out of the manufactured "  Marigold " experience -- or at least to find something to say afterward other than " Well , that was ... cute " -- it helps first to meditate on the karmic path that has led to this moment in time , and this blending of sanitized "  Slumdog Millionaire " exoticism with the popular "  Enchanted April " promise of reinvention abroad . Likewise , to best enjoy this warming tale of seven British pensioners who come to Jaipur for their retirement , it helps to watch the actors in a kind of memory trance that summons up past performances overlaid on the present . While admiring Judi Dench now as a stalwart widow in financial straits after her husband 's death , for instance , try summoning up the image of her as the stalwart widow Queen Victoria in Her Majesty , Mrs. Brown . While enjoying the delightful apoplexies of Maggie Smith as an acidic old bat afraid of anything foreign , think of the many great , scenery-chewing variations she has done in recent years since inhabiting the body of Professor Minerva McGonagall throughout the "  Harry Potter " saga . The star may trot out a working woman 's accent here , but it 's impossible to tune out the chiming imperiousness of her Dowager Countess of Grantham on "  Downton Abbey . " The Dames are joined by Brit vets Bill Nighy  "  Love Actually "  , Penelope Wilton  "  Downton Abbey "  , Tom Wilkinson  "  In the Bedroom "  , Celia Imrie  "  Calendar Girls "  , and Ronald Pickup  "  Fortunes of War "  , each a character in search of a new lease on life and intrigued by the marketing come-on of the title hotel , with its offer of comfy amenities " for the Elderly and Beautiful . " ` Bachelorette ' : Meet the guys ! Of course , when they arrive  their dusty white Brit butts bruised by the indignities of Third World travel  , the hotel is not exactly as advertised . Phones do n't work , not every room has its own door , that sort of thing . On the flip side , the place is run by "  Slumdog Millionaire 's " young , winning Dev Patel , here playing an ambitious fellow named Sonny , so the energy of the place is good . This optimistic business go-getter loves a pretty girl  Tena Desae  who works in one of those outsourced-labor call centers that have invigorated the Indian economy and exasperated U.S. credit-card customers with questions about their accounts . The affinities between outsourced office laborers and outsourced retirees are pointed out as if by an exhaustively thorough tour guide . To be sure , there 's something comfortable -- and comforting -- about all this . As directed by John Madden  reunited with Dench after Her Majesty , Mrs. Brown and Shakespeare in Love  from a screenplay by Ol Parker  "  Imagine Me and You "  based on a novel by Deborah Moggach , the movie is as reliable as a tea bag . And with no more "  Harry Potters " in the pipeline and a lull between seasons of "  Downton Abbey , " it 's a pip to see these players be so ... British . Ashton Kutcher ` brownface ' ad pulled The loyal if unhappily married husband  tender-funny Nighy  and his perpetually dissatisfied wife  Wilton  face their marital crossroads ; the mournful judge  Wilkinson  attends to a heartache from his past ; the fading divorc  e  Imrie  and the decaying swinger  Pickup  each address the sexuality of aging singletons . Smith gets to bite into some tasty lines of dialogue  "  If I ca n't pronounce it , I wo n't eat it "  and trundle around in a wheelchair  her character has come to India for an economy-priced hip replacement  . Everyone learns . Everyone hugs . The soundtrack favors jaunty sitar melodies . The cinematography shows off the overwhelming sensory stimulation of the place while stepping briskly around less-than-colorful images of real poverty , squalor , overcrowding , and despair . As a brand extender  for the senior cast , for the director , and certainly for Patel , following the grand success of "  Slumdog "  , "  Marigold Hotel " achieves what it sets out to do : Sell something safe and sweet , in a vivid foreign setting , to an underserved share of the moviegoing market . The questions we 're left to ponder are : What 's the karmic consequence of putting profit goals ahead of creative energy ? What will the next reincarnation of this kind of movie look like ? And who will Maggie Smith play ? B - See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Maggie Smith  "  Potter 's " Professor McGonagall  plays a woman afraid of anything foreign "  Slumdog Millionaire 's " Dev Patel plays an ambitious fellow named Sonny "  Marigold Hotel " sells something safe and sweet to an underserved share of the moviegoing market
CNN  -- Enterovirus D68 is likely coming -- if it has n't already -- to a state near you . Since mid-August , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention had confirmed 153 cases of respiratory illness caused by Enterovirus D68 in 18 states : Alabama , Colorado , Connecticut , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Minnesota , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , New Jersey , New York , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania and Virginia . The California Department of Health has confirmed four cases in patients in San Diego and Ventura counties . And "  in the upcoming weeks , more states will have confirmed cases of EV-D68 infection , " the CDC said in a statement Wednesday . "  Several states are investigating clusters of people with severe respiratory illness , and specimens are still being tested for EV-D68 . It can take a while to test specimens and obtain lab results ... These increases will not necessarily reflect changes in real time , or mean that the situation is getting worse . " Canadian health officials have confirmed three cases of Enterovirus D68 in British Columbia . A fourth suspected case from a patient with severe respiratory illness is still under investigation . Two of the confirmed cases are children between 5 and 9 , said Dr. Danuta Skowronski , lead epidemiologist on emerging respiratory viruses at the British Columbia Centre for Disease Control . The third is a teen between 15 and 19 . Enteroviruses are very common . The CDC estimates that 10 million to 15 million infections occur in the United States each year . These viruses usually appear like the common cold ; symptoms include sneezing , a runny nose and a cough . Most people recover without any treatment . But Enterovirus D68 seems to be exacerbating breathing problems in children who have asthma . The virus is hard to track as many enteroviruses cause similar symptoms and hospitals generally do not test for specific types . But health officials have asked doctors to send in samples if they suspect that Enterovirus D68 has caused a patient 's severe respiratory illness . Enteroviruses "  tend to have a summer-fall pattern , " Skowronski said , so the high number of cases will likely subside over the next few months . What parents should know In the meantime , parents should be on the lookout for the symptoms of Enterovirus D68 . Unfortunately , in the beginning it 's difficult -- if not impossible -- to tell the difference between a regular cold and this type of virus . But if your child develops a fever or a rash , or if he has difficulty breathing , seek medical attention right away . Children with asthma or a history of breathing problems are particularly susceptible for severe symptoms . CNN 's Jen Christensen , Matthew Stucker and Teri Genova contributed to this story .	NEW : CDC confirms 153 cases of Enterovius D68 in 18 states California also confirmed four cases of EV-D68 Canada confirms three cases in British Columbia Virus worsens breathing problems for children who have asthma
CNN  -- We 're in the home stretch of the Sochi Winter Olympics , with the final week of competition under way . NBC 's Bob Costas plans to return to the broadcast booth Monday after being sidelined with an eye infection for a few days . More importantly , Monday will determine whether we 'll get to see a repeat of one of the most intense rivalries in sports . And it will offer us a taste of the chaotic world of snowboard cross . Here are five events to watch at the Sochi Winter Olympics on Monday : 1 . Ice Dancing Americans Meryl Davis , 27 , and Charlie White , 26 , are favorites to win gold in ice dancing . They were the world champions in 2011 and 2013 -- and could become the first Americans ever to become Olympic champions in ice dance . On Sunday , they not only won the short dance part of the competition ; they scored a world-record 78.89 points . The free dance takes place Monday . Who else to watch : Davis and White 's chief rivals - Canadians Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir , who came in second in the short dance Sunday . But they are the defending Olympic champions , having won gold at the Vancouver games four years ago . 2 . Women 's Ice Hockey Though it does n't get the attention it should , the U.S vs. Canada women 's ice hockey is one of the most intense rivalries in sports . Since the sport was included in the Olympics in 1988 , no other country but these two have taken home the gold . The Canadians won gold in 2002 , 2006 and 2010 . The U.S. won in 1998 . The teams want to face each other again in the gold medal game -- but first , they have to win their semifinals Monday . The U.S. faces Sweden at 7:30 a.m. ET and Canada plays Switzerland at noon . Who to watch : Julie Chu , one of the U.S. 's top players , injured her hand in practice Saturday but is expected to play . 3 . Men 's two-man bobsled One of the feel-good stories of Sochi was the return of the Jamaican bobsled team after a 12-year absence . The sunny , snowless Caribbean island inspired the Disney movie "  Cool Runnings " after fielding a four-man team to the Calgary games in 1988 . But Jamaica never got any traction at Sochi . After the first round of heats Sunday , Winston Watts and Marvin Dixon of Jamaica are 30th among 30 teams . Last place . The second day of heats is Monday . Russia holds a big lead , followed by Switzerland , the U.S. and Canada . Who to watch : The Russians . Could this be their year ? They won silver in 2006 and bronze in 2010 . Taking the gold before a home crowd would be especially sweet for them . Who else to watch : Steven Holcomb , piloting for the U.S. , helped the U.S. four-man team win gold in Vancouver in 2010 . He 'll be piloting the two-man team as well . The U.S. has not won gold in the two-man event since 1936 and last medaled in 1952 in Oslo . 4 . Men 's aerials The aerials event is one of the most visually impressive in the Winter Games , with athletes launching themselves off ski jumps to perform multiple somersaults in the air before landing . The favorites are Qi Guangpu and Liu Zhongqing , both of China , and Anton Kushnir of Belarus . Zhongqing won a bronze at Vancouver . The qualifying rounds and the finals will be held Monday . Athletes are judged on technique in their takeoff , jump form and landing . Who else to watch : The United States has one entrant , 18-year-old Mac Bohonnon . 5 . Snowboard Cross In this event , four athletes on snowboards simultaneously race down a course with jumps , obstacles and banks . It sounds chaotic and sometimes it is . Monday will be a busy day , with seedings followed by four other rounds of competition . Markus Schairer , 26 , of Austria is one of the favorites to win gold . Like most snowboarders , he has suffered multiple injuries during his career , including tearing his anterior cruciate ligament twice and breaking his chin , arm , finger , shoulder and some ribs . Who else to watch : Omar Visintin of Italy and Jarryd Hughes of Austria have competed strongly throughout the competitions leading up to the Olympics .	Jamaica is in last place in the two-man bobsled U.S. , Canadian women 's hockey teams compete in semis Americans Meryl Davis and Charlie White are favored to win ice dancing Bob Costas will return to the broadcast booth
CNN  -- Pope Francis announced Sunday his first trip as pontiff to the Holy Land in May . Speaking during his weekly Sunday blessing in Vatican City , he said he will visit Jerusalem , Bethlehem in the West Bank and the Jordanian capital , Amman . The visit will take place May 24-26 . "  In the climate of joy , typical of this Christmas season , I wish to announce that from 24 to 26 May next , God willing , I will make a pilgrimage to the Holy Land , " the pope told crowds gathered in St. Peter 's Square . "  At the Holy Sepulchre we will celebrate an Ecumenical Meeting with all the representatives of the Christian Churches of Jerusalem , together with Patriarch Bartholomew of Constantinople . " His announcement was posted on the Vatican Radio website . "  As of now I ask you to pray for this pilgrimage , " the Pope said . January 5 marks the 50th anniversary of a historic meeting in Jerusalem between Pope Paul VI and the then-spiritual leader of the world 's Orthodox Christians Patriarch Athenagoras . Sunday 's announcement was made just as the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry wrapped talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in a new bid for peace . Kerry said earlier he was making progress in Middle East peace talks , stressing the Obama administration "  is committed to putting forward ideas that are fair , that are balanced , and that improve the security of all of the people of this region . " Pope Francis leaves New Year 's voice mail for nuns in Spain	Pope Francis to travel to Middle East May 24-26 Pope to visit Jerusalem , Bethlehem and Amman Sunday 's announcement marks 50 years since significant meeting in Jerusalem
The United States is sending more troops to northern Iraq , a move that U.S. officials told CNN on Tuesday is necessary to help in the rescue of tens of thousands of Yazidis trapped in the mountains by extremists who have vowed to kill them . About 130 Marines and special operations forces have been dispatched to Irbil , U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said , adding to the hundreds already in the country advising Iraqi troops in their fight against the Islamic State , formerly known as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . "  Very specifically , this is not a combat boots on the ground operation . We are not going to have that kind of operation , " Hagel said during an address at Camp Pendleton , a Marine base in California . "  But short of that , there are some things we can continue to do and we are doing . " Word of the additional American support came as embattled Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki ordered his troops to stay out of the political battle being waged in Baghdad , where he has vowed to hold on to power . Al-Maliki has vowed to fight the nomination of Haider al-Abadi , a man who has the support of the United States and Iran . The new Prime Minister-designate is the deputy speaker of the Iraqi Parliament and a former aide to al-Maliki . The United States hopes the designate will form a government quickly and build a united front against ISIS rebels , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said . Helicopter crashes during Yazidi rescue The political turmoil has been playing out against the backdrop of a growing humanitarian crisis , with hundreds of thousands of Iraq 's minority ethnic and religious minorities -- Yazidis , Christians , Kurds and others -- fleeing ISIS fighters . Nowhere is the crisis more evident than the Sinjar Mountains , where an estimated 40,000 minority Yazidis are hiding from the Sunni extremist fighters after fleeing their homes . Yazidis are considered one of the world 's smallest and oldest monotheistic religious minorities , a pre-Islamic sect based in Zoroastrianism that draws from Hinduism , Christianity and Judaism . An Iraqi helicopter bringing aid to the group crashed after making its food and water drop and picking up roughly two dozen Yazidis . The pilot died in the crash , but others survived , the Kurdistan Regional Government said . Kurdish rescue crews transported them to safety , bringing the injured to hospitals , the government said . The military cited "  technical failure " in the crash of the MI-17 . Fuad Hussein , the Kurdish Regional Government 's chief of staff , told CNN the crash appeared to have been caused by pilot error . Survivors included a woman who has come to symbolize the struggles of Yazidis . Vian Dakhil , the only Yazidi in Parliament , made a heart-wrenching appeal to the Iraqi government last week for help in stopping the slaughter of her people . New York Times journalist Alissa Rubin suffered "  a concussion , at least one broken wrist and possibly some broken ribs but was conscious , " The Times reported . Freelance photographer Adam Ferguson "  said via cellphone text that he suffered a sore jaw and some minor bumps , " the newspaper reported . Three helicopters are being used by the Iraqi military to reach the desperate Yazidi families who fled to the mountains more than a week ago , Hussein said . Yazidi plight The plight of the Yazidis , coupled with the ISIS assault against Iraq 's semiautonomous Kurdish region , prompted the United States to begin targeted airstrikes against ISIS . Airstrikes in northern Iraq have helped Iraqi troops and the Kurdish fighting force , known as the peshmerga , to carry out the missions . Until recently , the Kurdish region as considered the most stable in Iraq . The Kurds gained semiautonomous rule after the Iraq War . The deployment of more U.S. military advisers to northern Iraq comes as the Obama administration is looking to boost the capabilities of Kurdish forces . On Tuesday , the U.S. military carried out airstrikes against ISIS mortar positions north of Sinjar , the military 's Central Command said . ISIS had been firing on Kurdish forces that were defending Yazidis who were trying to flee the area , Central Command said . "  ISIS has all sorts of sophisticated weapons , " Hussein said . ISIS , previously known as al Qaeda in Iraq , seized a large number of U.S.-made weapons and vehicles after Iraqi military units in Iraq 's second largest city of Mosul abandoned their posts and fled ahead of the militant advance . The group has tanks , armored vehicles , artillery and more , Hussein said . "  We need either the same kinds of weapons , or more sophisticated weapons , so that we can beat ISIS , " he said . Treacherous journey for Yazidis If the United States participates in the evacuation of the Yazidis , it may have to work with a group it designated a terrorist organization -- the PKK , also known as Kurdistan Workers Party . The PKK launched a guerrilla war against neighboring Turkey nearly 30 years ago , with an initial goal of establishing an independent Kurdish state . Hundreds of Yazidis managed to make it on foot down from Mount Sinjar , northward into Syria , in a region controlled by Kurds . They managed to trek along the border to a crossing point back into Iraq , where a CNN crew saw a number of them arrive Tuesday . "  If you 're running for your life , you 'll do it . You have no other choice , " one elderly man told CNN in describing how he made it with his wife , children and grandchildren . A number of those who made the treacherous trek off the mountain told CNN that PKK fighters control parts of the mountain , and they fed and protected them from ISIS . Aid organizations and representatives of the Kurdistan regional government met some of the arrivals with sandwiches and bottles of water . A U.N. affiliate had buses transporting some people into town . But most of those arriving will have to figure out where to go on their own -- and some told CNN they planned to camp out along the river at the crossing point into Iraq . While a humanitarian crisis played out in northern Iraq , a series of car bombs ripped through Baghdad . At least 15 people were killed and dozens wounded in two car bombings , including one near a hospital in the city 's Karrada district . Dozens of angry residents took to the streets following the bombing , blaming Iraqi security forces for not doing enough to protect them , police officials told CNN . The residents chased the security forces , who withdrew from the area , and then they tore down a security checkpoint , officials said .	About 130 military U.S. advisers are being dispatched to Iraq , officials say The advisers will be made up of Marines and special operations forces "  This is not a combat boots on the ground operation , " defense secretary says Residents in Baghdad riot following car bomb explosion , police officials say
CNN  -- A frog that eats birds and a gecko with leopard stripes are among the 163 new species discovered last year in the Greater Mekong region of southeast Asia , according to a report by the World Wildlife Fund . The Cat Ba leopard gecko is found exclusively in Cat Ba Island National Park in northern Vietnam . The discovery of 100 new plants , 28 fish , 18 reptiles , 14 amphibians , two mammals and one bird species highlights the extent of the biodiversity in the region , said Barney Long , head of the WWF 's Asian Species Conservation program . "  It 's a melting pot of diverse habitats . It has some of the wettest forests on the planet , high mountains , and a diverse array of terrestrial and marine habitats , including the Mekong River , " he said . "  We continue to find new species of fish , primates and mammals , and nowhere else compares to the amount of large mammals that have been discovered in the region . It shows how little we know about species in the region , " he said . "  From a biodiversity perspective , there are still huge amounts to discover about region . " The Greater Mekong consists of the countries through which the Mekong River flows : Cambodia , Laos , Myanmar , Thailand , Vietnam and Yunnan Province of China . With 16 global ecoregions -- areas defined by their shared ecological features and animal communities -- the Greater Mekong has more protected spaces than anywhere else on mainland Asia , according to the WWF . The colorful Cat Ba leopard gecko of northern Vietnam has large , orange-brown "  catlike eyes " and a body of leopard stripes , according to a report released Friday . Its name refers to its place of origin , Cat Ba Island , the largest of 366 islands in Cat Ba Archipelago and home to many rare species that can only be found on the island . Scientists believe the high number of species unique to the island might be due to the long separation of the island from continental Vietnam , the report says . Limnonectes megastomias -- a fanged frog with an appetite for other frogs , insects and birds -- has only been found in three remote areas of medium-to-high altitudes in eastern Thailand . Globally , new species of mammals are rare finds , but in 2008 alone , new species of the mouselike musk shrew and a tube-nosed bat emerged from the region . See photos of newly discovered species " War and political unrest have kept large parts of the region , particularly Vietnam , Laos and Myanmar , off-limits to scientific exploration up until the past two decades , Long said . Since 1997 , nearly 1,200 new species have been discovered , many that can not be found anywhere else , said Dekila Chungyalpa , director of WWF 's Greater Mekong Program . But the rapid pace of development in the Mekong region , coupled with the effects of climate change , are threatening to drive the species into extinction , Chungyalpa said . "  As we become familiar with more species in the region , our understanding of climate change and how it impacts these new species is changing , " she said . Chungyalpa said conservative estimates by the WWF project a 1-meter rise in sea level on the delta 's coastline over the next decade , which will affect not only marine life , but also people who rely on the delta as a source of sustenance and employment , she said . In 2007 , the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change released its Fourth Assessment Report , which projected that global sea levels could rise from 18 to 59 centimeters  7 to 23 inches  over the next century based on six possible scenarios . Already , Chungyalpa said , the area has been affected by an increase in tropical storms off the coast , which brings in more seawater and changes the flooding patterns in the delta . Some researchers , however , have questioned the link between climate change and more intense tropical storms . Apart from climate change , construction of dams and hydropower plants along the delta could further disrupt its waters , potentially displacing millions , destroying sources of drinkable water and disrupting the production of rice , Chungyalpa said . "  The delta is the rice bowl of the region . What will happen to people who depend on it if it 's no longer there ? " she said . The WWF says it supports the idea of an agreement among the Mekong countries on how to respond to infrastructure development and climate change in terms of protecting its natural resources and people . "  Climate change is making it obvious that we ca n't treat development like it 's a separate issue , " she said . "  We need to be addressing this issue now . It 's such an immediate issue for us and it 's going to change everything in this region if we do n't address it . "	Discoveries highlight extent of region 's biodiversity , World Wildlife Fund says 100 plants , 28 fish , 18 reptiles , 14 amphibians , two mammals , 1 bird species found WWF : Pace of development in region , climate change threaten species to extinction Since 1997 , nearly 1,200 new species have been discovered in Greater Mekong
CNN Student News  -- December 20 , 2013 In our final program of 2013 , CNN Student News reports on a congressional budget compromise . We also discuss a data breach at a major U.S. retailer , and we offer some suggestions for how shoppers can protect themselves against credit card fraud . Finally , we look back at some significant events and uplifting stories from the past 12 months . Teachers , please note that CNN Student News will not air through the rest of 2013 . The program will return in January . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . 2013 Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this year on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . On March 13 , the Roman Catholic Church 's College of Cardinals elected a new pope . In what country was Pope Francis born ? 2 . On February 1 , who was sworn in as U.S. secretary of state , succeeding Hillary Clinton ? 3 . In what African city did terrorists launch an attack on a shopping mall on September 21 ? 4 . In September , Diana Nyad set a world record for an uncaged swim to the U.S. from what country ? 5 . What country conducted its third nuclear test on February 12 , resulting in increased sanctions from the international community ? 6 . In what American city did terrorist bombings occur on April 15 ? 7 . What country gave temporary asylum to former U.S. national security contractor Edward Snowden ? 8 . What U.S. city filed for the largest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history ? 9 . What civil war-torn country agreed to destroy its chemical weapons ? 10 . In December , what country became the third nation to "  soft-land " a spacecraft on the moon ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- West Indies cricket coach John Dyson has been dismissed from his job with immediate effect . Australian John Dyson had been in charge of the West Indies cricket side since 2007 . The West Indies Cricket Board  WICB  said they were terminating the contract of the Australian , according to a statement on the cricket board 's Web site . The decision comes after recent Test and one-day series losses to Bangladesh , although in both defeats the West Indies were forced to put out weakened sides because of a dispute between players and the cricket board over contracts . Dyson , a former opening batsman who played 30 Tests for Australia , took charge of the West Indies in 2007 . He enjoyed early Test series wins over South Africa and England but was heavily criticized for misreading the rain regulations in a one-day event with England in Guyana in March , an error that ultimately handed England the series . Earlier in his career he was appointed Sri Lanka coach in 2003 despite having only limited coaching experience at higher levels . The 55-year-old was due to lead the West Indies into next month 's International Cricket Council Champions Trophy . The WICB offered no reason for Dyson 's sacking but in a statement on their Web site confirmed that the assistant coach David Williams would take over as coach on a temporary basis for the upcoming tournament , which gets started in South Africa on September 22 . The contract dispute means the West Indies will be forced to take a second-string side to South Africa . The statement added that "  in view of the special circumstances pertaining to this tour " the former West Indies vice-captain and off-spin bowler Lance Gibbs had been appointed team manager .	Former Australian batsman John Dyson sacked as coach of the West Indies Dyson , the former Sri Lankan coach , took charge of the West Indies in 2007 He was due to take them to next month 's Champions Trophy in South Africa The West Indies Cricket Board offered no reason for Dyson 's sudden dismissal
CNN  -- In the middle of the Idaho wilderness , a man on horseback had a brief conversation with two campers . The rider 's realization later that he may have been talking to California Amber Alert suspect James DiMaggio and his alleged teenage captive has now focused a nationwide manhunt for the pair on the rugged mountain area in central Idaho . The horseback rider saw the man and girl Wednesday and struck up a brief conversation with them , Andrea Dearden , spokeswoman for the Ada County Sheriff 's Office , said Friday . He was not aware of the manhunt at the time , but he called the Amber Alert tip line after he saw a news account that night and realized the pair matched the description of DiMaggio and 16-year-old Hannah Anderson , she said . The rider 's impression of the pair was "  it seemed odd but nothing as alarming , " Dearden said . "  They did speak and exchange pleasantries . I do n't think there was a lot of information exchanged , " she said . "  He left the conversation believing they were camping in the area . " The rider said the man and girl were on foot , hiking with camping gear , Dearden said . Dearden appeared to be correcting authorities ' earlier reports that the suspect and girl were spotted by more than one horseback rider . Investigators set up checkpoints where DiMaggio and Hannah were believed to be traveling in the River of No Return Wilderness area , about 15 miles outside Cascade , Dearden said . Authorities have n't yet evacuated any homes or businesses , she said , adding , "  We have those access points secured . " The horseback rider 's tip moved the national manhunt for DiMaggio and Hannah , who was last seen Saturday afternoon at her cheerleading practice , to the Idaho mountains . Authorities in Southern California began looking for Hannah after their mother was found dead inside DiMaggio 's burned-out house in the San Diego area Sunday . Late Friday , authorities said lab tests confirmed that a second body found in the house was that of Hannah 's 8-year-old brother , Ethan . DiMaggio was a close friend of the Anderson family , and father Brett Anderson has appealed to DiMaggio to let his daughter go . Friday morning , investigators found DiMaggio 's car hidden by brush , its license plates removed , about six to eight miles from where the rider spotted the girl , authorities said . They confirmed the car 's ownership by its vehicle identification number , he said . The vehicle will be examined by bomb and arson technicians to ensure it 's not rigged with explosives , Gore added . His office has said evidence found at the burned house indicates that explosives may be in the car . The horseback rider said the man and girl appeared to be in good health , Gore said . Suspect ` capable of anything ' Authorities deem DiMaggio a dangerous suspect because he is accused of killing Hannah 's mother , Christina Anderson , and possibly Ethan as well . The second body is so badly burned that carrying out a DNA test is proving difficult , authorities said . The sheriff 's office is treating Ethan as a missing person until they can identify the body . A search of DiMaggio 's burned-down house led law enforcement to this conclusion : "  We do n't hold anything past this person , " as one official put it . "  We think that he 's capable of anything at this point , " said Capt. Duncan Fraser of the San Diego Sheriff 's Office . Based on what the sheriff 's investigators have seen , there is evidence that the fire and kidnapping of Hannah was a "  very well-planned event , " Fraser said . Idaho on Friday became the latest state to issue an Amber Alert for Hannah , following California , Oregon , Washington and Nevada . Why more Amber alerts will be waking you up The San Diego Sheriff 's Department already said it was possible DiMaggio was hunkered down in a rural area because he is a camper . "  We 've got law enforcement agencies across the country looking for them and following up on tips that are being called in , " San Diego County Sheriff 's Department Lt. Glenn Giannantonio told CNN on Thursday . "  We 've received numerous tips , I 'd say probably well over 100 , possibly hundreds of tips from across the country . Every tip that can be followed up on has been followed up on or is currently being followed up on . " Suspect is family friend DiMaggio was described as being so close to the Andersons that he was considered part of the family , Brett Anderson told CNN 's Chris Cuomo on Thursday . He came into their lives before Hannah was born . DiMaggio was such good friends with the family that Anderson said he ca n't reconcile the man he knows with the crimes he is suspected of . "  I have been through every scenario in my brain , " Anderson said . "  There was nothing ever to show any indication of this . " DiMaggio joined the family on campouts and was always friendly toward them , he said . "  I ca n't fathom what happened in Jim 's head . He obviously just lost it , " Anderson said . "  You 've taken everything , " the father pleaded to DiMaggio in the interview . "  The damage is done . Just let my daughter go , Let her go home safe , let her be with me and try to mend things from there . " Some witnesses have told investigators that DiMaggio had a crush on Hannah , but Brett Anderson has said the family had no knowledge of that . Fraser said that they are looking into whether the suspect possibly had an "  undue infatuation " with the teen . CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Miguel Marquez and HLN 's Katherine Cavazini contributed to this report .	A horseback rider reports sighting the pair in the central Idaho wilderness Authorities set up checkpoints but order no evacuations yet 16-year-old Hannah Anderson has been missing since her mother was found dead Family friend James DiMaggio is suspected of abducting her
London  CNN  -- Art exhibitions do n't usually float on water but the CNM Estates Fine Art Sails regatta , which debuted this weekend on London 's River Thames , is no ordinary expose of contemporary culture . Part fine-art show , part boat-race , the three-day event saw 10 sailboats -- skippered by a host of Olympic and World Championship sailors -- take to the water bearing sails adorned with the work of some of Britain 's foremost modern artists . Monochrome prints of giant facial features , manic flocks of imposing seagulls and a menacing child with tribal war-paints comprised just a few of the surreal and arresting works on show during a snow-blanketed weekend in the UK capital . Organizers say the concept marks a first of its kind collaboration between art and top-class sailing and could soon be casting off at famous waterside locations around the world . See also : Inside the mind of a yachting cartoonist "  This is the first time anyone has really tried to do this and the reaction has been quite amazing , " said the founder of Fine Art Sails , Michael Ross . "  There is already interest in staging an event on the -LSB- Moskva -RSB- River in view of the Kremlin , " he said , adding the possibility of others in San Francisco , Miami and on the Caspian Sea . Artists who contributed works to the riverside event -- which formed part of the week-long London Boat Show -- include the fashion duo Mark Eley and Wakako Kishimoto , portrait artist Christian Furr , as well as musician and actor , Goldie . As Fine Art Sails moves on to other locations , Ross hopes creatives of all disciplines and nationalities will be inspired to add their handiwork to the project . "  It 's a totally new way for artists to display their work , " he explained . "  This event has given those involved the opportunity to try new things , display their art in a very public place and access to an audience they otherwise might not reach . " Ross also makes a point of highlighting the artistic difficulties encountered in this new mode of exhibition . See also : World 's unluckiest boat bows out Racing sails are generally made from Dacron , an ultra-lightweight cloth that differs greatly from some of the more the conventional materials artists use , such as canvas . The manner in which sails are designed to capture wind meanwhile ensures that any design , painting or print is constantly moving and changing shape when on the water , altering the appearance of the artwork in the process . According to British sculptor , David Begbie , who donated a print for the regatta entitled "  An Eye for the Buoys , " tackling these unorthodox requirements was an enjoyable part of the creative process . "  The sails are a very rich concept for artists to work with and it has culminated in something of pretty majestic proportions , " Begbie said . "  It 's a versatile and adaptable format -LSB- which -RSB- when you think about it is basically a new kind of art form . "  Most artists work in a rectangular format but this creates a totally new shape , " he added . See also : Computer hackers conquer high seas Begbie 's enthusiasm is shared by competing sailor and British Olympic gold medalist , Pippa Wilson . While unsure about the extent to which artistic sails can integrate into sailing at the very highest level -- where sails have to be as light as possible -- Wilson believes they can be a valuable asset in garnering the attention of a non-traditional sailing audience . "  This is something that has never been done before and hopefully it will add a little bit of culture to our sport , " Said Wilson before taking to the water . "  I 've been so lucky to be involved in sailing since a young age and know how wonderful it can be , so if an event like this can grab people 's attention and get them involved then it will definitely have been worthwhile , " she added .	The CNM Estates Fine Art Sails regatta debuted this weekend at London 's Royal Victoria Dock Olympic and World Championship sailors took to the water bearing sails adorned with contemporary artwork Organizers say the concept marks a first of its kind collaboration between art and top-class sailing
CNN  -- The United States takes on Ghana . Ronaldo takes on his left knee . And Iran tackles a giant killer . Here 's what to look forward to during the Monday matches at the World Cup : Third time is a charm ? U.S. fans had a bad feeling while watching the World Cup draw in December , especially after being picked into a group that included Germany and Portugal . When it came time to learn the Americans ' third opponent , World Cup nemesis Ghana was still on the board . Surely , the soccer gods would n't ... They did . Perhaps the third time -- Ghana knocked the United States out of the Cup in 2006 and 2010 -- will be revenge . The two teams meet Monday in a Group G opener Or maybe it 's not payback time . "  There 's no revenge factor , " U.S. goalie Tim Howard , who was on both previous World Cup teams , said , according to USA Today . "  We do n't feel that . That 's not what 's motivating us . We think that they 're a good team but we also feel that we are slightly better as well . " Ronaldo feels swell The body of the world 's greatest player is 100 % fine . Well , that 's what I 've heard . Wait , we are talking about Cristiano Ronaldo 's fitness , are we not ? He told reporters Sunday that when he takes the pitch in Monday 's marquee matchup with Germany , the Portugal star said he 'll be ready to go even if he 's feeling a little knee pain -- and though he 's bad at math . "  I 'd love to be 110 % and but I am 100 % and that is enough to help my team , " he told reporters Sunday , Keeping the shirts on their backs It is traditional for players to swap shirts at the end of a World Cup match . But Iran 's football federation has told its players not to trade . Not for hygiene reasons , but because they do n't want to buy a bunch of new ones . "  We are not giving the players a shirt for every game , " Iranian Football Federation President Ali Kafaschian told the semiofficial Fars news agency , according to SBNation . "  The players have to be economical with the shirts . " That might be easier to do Monday against Nigeria than Saturday when they play Argentina and Lionel Messi wants to exchange shirts . Weather or not Downpours , extreme heat and humidity and even snow . The United States faced all kinds of weather during World Cup qualifying . Monday , they may get to do it again . When they meet Ghana in Natal , there is a chance of showers . U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann does n't want to hear questions about the weather . "  If it 's raining or if it 's snowing or if it 's thunder and lightning , or whatever , this is about football being played in any circumstances , " Klinsmann told reporters , according to mlssoccer.com . ESPNfc.com reported 50 homes in the area have been evacuated over flooding concerns brought on by nearly 9 inches of rain this weekend . Reason to love : Iran The highest-ranked team in Asia wants to bring the plight of the Asiatic cheetah to the world 's attention and has a new jersey with the endangered cat on it . There are only 70 to 110 Asiatic cheetahs left , all of them in Iran , says conservation group Panthera .	Cristiano Ronaldo says he 's feeling well enough to play in a tough game against Germany Iran 's players have been told they need to be stingy with their shirts Their jerseys are cool with their rare cheetahs on the front
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A Georgia judge threw the book at Brian Nichols on Saturday , giving him four consecutive sentences of life without parole for a 2005 shooting rampage that started in an Atlanta courthouse . Brian Nichols tells the court Saturday in Atlanta , Georgia , "  I will not bring dishonor to the decision to spare my life . " "  I 'm giving you the maximum -- every day I could give you . If I could give you more , I would , " Superior Court Judge James Bodiford told Nichols . Nichols , 37 , was convicted last month of 54 counts for a deadly shooting rampage that began March 11 , 2005 , in the same courthouse where he stood trial . Nichols , who was being tried for rape , shot three people to death as he escaped from the downtown courthouse that day and a federal agent the next day in Atlanta 's Buckhead district before being captured in neighboring Gwinnett County . "  I know that the things that I 've done caused a lot of pain , and I am sorry , " Nichols , who remained seated , told the court before sentence was pronounced . "  And I just wanted to say that I will not bring dishonor to the decision to spare my life . " Watch victims ' family members react to the sentence " Nichols was spared a death sentence Friday after the jury deliberating his fate announced that it could not agree on a sentence . Bodiford gave Nichols the maximum sentence on all the non-murder charges , and ordered them to be served consecutively . Those terms ranged from five years for escape to life for armed robbery . Other charges included aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , robbery by force , theft by taking , hijacking a motor vehicle and false imprisonment . "  It 's a large number of years . It 's many lifetimes , " Bodiford said . Bodiford ordered that Nichols serve his time in the Georgia state penal system , forgoing the possibility of sending him to the federal maximum-security prison in Colorado . Bodiford implored Nichols ' family and attorneys never to trust Nichols again . "  There 's ample evidence that trusting him will get you killed , " he said in concluding the sentencing hearing . Jurors told Bodiford on Friday night that they were deadlocked , with nine in favor of death and three in favor of life without parole . Under Georgia law , the jurors must reach a unanimous decision in order to impose a death sentence . In the absence of a unanimous jury verdict , the decision fell in the hands of Bodiford . Defense lawyers said Nichols , who confessed to the killings , suffers from a mental disorder . The jurors unanimously found the necessary aggravating circumstances in the four murders , but they were split over the death penalty . After nine weeks of testimony , the jury found Nichols guilty of 54 counts , which included the four murders plus numerous aggravated assaults , carjackings and kidnappings . The shootings began in the Fulton County Courthouse , where Nichols was set to stand trial for rape . He overpowered a sheriff 's deputy and took her gun before proceeding to the courtroom of Judge Rowland Barnes , killing him and court reporter Julie Ann Brandau . Sgt. Hoyt Teasley chased Nichols to outside the courthouse , where Nichols fatally shot him . Nichols killed off-duty U.S. Customs Agent David Wilhelm as he worked on a house in Buckhead the next day . He was captured later that day after a standoff with police in the apartment of a woman he had taken hostage in Gwinnett County . The case drew nationwide attention , in part because of the cost of Nichols ' representation : about $ 2 million at last accounting . Nichols had attempted to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence , but the Fulton County District Attorney 's Office would not take the death penalty off the table .	Judge : "  I 'm giving you the maximum -- every day I could give you " Brian Nichols was convicted of killing four people in 2005 shooting rampage Nichols : "  I know that the things that I 've done caused a lot of pain , and I am sorry " Jury split 9-3 in favor of death , but decision must be unanimous
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Karen Richardson may not have known where she would end up , but she has always known that with hard work , anything is possible . Karen Richarson , a White House staffer , says anything is possible in America . Richardson , 30 , works as a White House staffer on what the Obama administration sees as the most pressing issue of the day : health care reform . She meets with President Obama several times a week and expresses the same kind of determination and sense of hard work to her job . "  You have to continue to plow forward and just keep working until it gets done , " she explained . "  I stay focused on the job at hand and I 'm committed to getting this done . " Richardson did n't always want to work at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . As a student at Howard University , a historically black college , she developed a passion for international affairs and originally wanted to follow the path set by another African-American woman . "  Watching -LSB- former Secretary of State -RSB- Condoleezza Rice at the prime point of her career , -LSB- I began -RSB- thinking , ' I can do this . ' " So Karen moved to Italy and started working for UNICEF . But then she got a call from someone asking if she might be interest in interning for "  this new guy , Barack Obama . " Watching the news from abroad , she did n't know much about Obama , a senator at the time , except that he was the guy "  with Kenyan roots , " as she put it . So she decided to put her dreams of international field work on hold and give Capitol Hill a try . "  I thought , ` Well , I 've never done anything on Capitol Hill , I 've never worked over on Capitol Hill . ' " Karen recalled , "  So this would be a great opportunity and let me just go see what this is about and learn as much as I can while I 'm there , " What was supposed to be a six-month internship with Obama 's Senate office became a full-time position after only three months , and she followed that trail all the way to Pennsylvania Avenue . Although Karen 's journey to the White House was never "  inconceivable " to her , she still takes time to appreciate how far she has come . "  I do n't want to lose sight of what it took to get here , what it means to be here and what an extraordinary honor it is to be working for President Obama , " Richardson said . "  I have those moments every day and I really do try to remind myself every single day why I 'm here and what an extraordinary privilege it is . " She also tries to go back to her alma mater to speak to students , particularly African-Americans who might not think they , too , can work at the White House someday . "  It gives me the opportunity to go back and speak about my path because it can inspire them , " Richardson explains . "  It 's changing a perspective for them in light of what it is they can achieve . " "  The American dream is accessible to anybody , " Karen said . "  Your options and the possibilities in life are really limitless . "	Karen Richardson , 30 , is a graduate of Howard University in Washington Richardson says she was inspired by former Secretary of State Rice She originally worked for Obama 's Senate office and later on his campaign Richardson : "  I do n't want to lose sight of what it took to get here "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- An Australian teenager reported missing two months ago has been found alive in dense bushland not far from his home , local police say . Matthew Allen , 18 , was last seen at his family home near Westleigh , a suburb about 30 kilometers  20 miles  away from Sydney , on November 27 . Police feared the worst as the teen had not taken his mobile phone with him or accessed his bank accounts . More from CNN Justice : Three years later , no sign of missing family Extensive searches by police and emergency services failed to find him . On Saturday , two hikers told police that they had spotted a "  disorientated man " in bushland not far from Westleigh . When rescuers reached Allen , he was in a bad way suffering from exhaustion and dehydration . Local media said he was emaciated , covered in leeches and mosquito bites and his feet and lower legs were suffering from gangrene . It was believed he had been in the bush the entire nine weeks he was missing , police said . More from CNN Justice : Casey Anthony files for bankruptcy " He was in such a poor state , " Detective Acting Inspector Glyn Baker told the Sydney Morning Herald . " He was completely exhausted , completely dehydrated , suffered significant weight loss , somewhere up to 50 % . He was suffering from partial blindness and he had leeches all over him . " He was winched out by a rescue helicopter and taken to a nearby hospital , where he was reunited with his family . Allen went missing during a record heatwave when Sydney endured temperatures above 45 degrees Celsius . According to ABC , Allen told his rescuers that he had survived on water from a creek bed that was almost dry . Detectives have been unable to speak to him and believe there may be more to his story , ABC reported . More from CNN Justice : Man charged with murder in doctor 's death , source says	Australian teenager found after spending two months in the bush Last seen leaving his family home on November 27 Spotted by two hikers in dense bushland near his home Winched by rescue helicopter to hospital , reunited with family
CNN  -- You 've built a cannon . Now you just need a willing participant to crawl inside . Robin Valencia 's uncle always seemed like a bit of "  a mad scientist . " And growing up next door to him in Salem , Oregon , she did n't think much of the fact he was building a giant cannon in his basement . That was just David Smith , a math teacher and trained gymnast who was so fascinated by circus cannons , he went ahead and made one . Then he fired himself , his two children , and his niece out of it . It was the beginnings of one of the world 's most remarkable human cannonball families . Smith Snr is celebrated for such spectacular stunts as being fired over the Mexican border . While son David Smith Jr holds the world record for the highest shot in the air , a whopping 26 meters . Cannonball couple But the cannon is more than simply an unusual career choice for niece Valencia , who today goes by the stage name "  Shooting Star . " It 's how she met her husband Chachi Valencia , better known as "  The Rocketman " who blasted into the sky at the London 2012 Olympic closing ceremony . For over two decades the cannonball couple , now in their 40s , have traveled the globe shooting each other into the blue yonder . It 's a nomadic lifestyle , and they currently live in Paris with their two daughters , working with the Finnish State Circus . Where they could be called to perform next , is anyone 's guess . But Chachi is used to the giddy heights -- he is the fifth generation of a flying trapeze family from Chile . That 's how he met Robin . "  He was a trapeze artist in the same circus show as my cousin , " she explained . "  We fell in love and wanted to do something on our own . " That special something was cannonballing , and the loved-up teenagers enlisted the help of Smith Snr to build them a five-meter-long aluminum and stainless steel cannon , which Robin still uses to this day . Force of nature Seeing Robin flying through the air in her luminous catsuit , red helmet gleaming like a candy Jaffa , she appears like a retro superhero zooming 12 meters above the gasping crowd below . Yet even after all these years she still finds the experience nerve wracking . Why does she do it ? "  The actual flight , free flying through the air with nothing attached to you , is amazing , " she says . There 's no denying it 's an awesome spectacle . But not one without serious injuries and fatalities , including a man who died in the UK in 2011 when his safety net collapsed . Before Robin slides down the barrel , there are landing calculations to be done , and sand-filled dummies to be test launched . "  People do n't realize how much time it takes preparing , taking into consideration things like the weather , the humidity , temperature , wind , and doing your math formulas correctly , " said Robin , who must land flat on her back in the middle of a giant air-filled target . "  I use an airbag , so I have an electric fan that fills it with air . That means the electricity has to be very safe and secure and no one can unplug it -- which has happened to me before . " Luckily for Robin , someone plugged in the fan again just in time . Staring down the barrel Showmanship is a huge part of the performance , and seeing Robin work the crowd before the big bang , is a bit like witnessing the dramatic entrance of a wrestler before a fight . But after she slides down the darkened barrel , just what goes on inside ? "  You have to make sure that you have every muscle tight , and your neck and spine aligned , " she explained . "  You have to be completely up against the mechanism that fires you through the air -- because if you 're away from it , or not ready , or your body is loose , then it would be like being hit by a semi truck . " The shorter the barrel , the more violent the impact , meaning Robin tends to take more of a blow than Chachi in his 10-meter-long cannon . "  You could never in your wildest dreams imagine the kind of impact it takes to fire you out of a cannon , " she says . "  It 's instant . Your take-off is in the blink of an eye . You go from nothing to 80 kilometers per hour . " Trade secret When it comes to explaining how the cannon works though , Robin is less forthcoming . "  It 's a trade secret , " she said . "  It 's not just our family , but all human cannonballs are pretty secretive . " That said , the only gunpowder you 're likely to find in modern cannons is in creating the bang and puff of smoke . Instead , compressed air or a bungee cord are used to propel a small platform -- which launches the performer sky high . But the gasp-inducing performance seems to have lost none of its magic , with audience members telling Robin after the show : "  It was the best six seconds of my life . " Does that mean she and Chachi will be encouraging their children to also enter the trade ? "  No , I do n't think so , " she says with a nervous laugh . "  I 'd like them to remember their cannonball parents -- but that does n't mean I want them to be ones themselves . " Inspire : For $ 150k you could be Buzz Lightyear Learn : Mongolia 's incredible circus contortionists	Meet the family of human cannonballs who build their own barrels David Smith Snr built a cannon in his basement , fired kids and niece Couple Robin and Chachi Valencia shoot each other out of cannon Spectacular stunt comes with risks , with performers traveling 80 kmph
CNN  -- Over the course of more than 15 years , "  Resident Evil " has established a rich history as one of the video game world 's most storied franchises . Sadly , "  Resident Evil : Raccoon City " fails to add to that rich history , serving up ordinary squad-based game play and limited threats from the franchise 's iconic zombies . The latest venture into the zombie-filled world by Capcom is supposed to take place in time between between two other games in the series , "  Resident Evil 2 " and "  Resident Evil : Nemesis . " This time , you play as a member of the Wolfpack squad for the always dubious Umbrella Corporation . You 're tasked with retrieving a virus that turns people into the undead creatures before the U.S. military can get it . Raccoon City is the location where the zombie phenomena first occurred and has been the setting in many of the "  Resident Evil " games . Working for the bad guys in this title was supposed to be a refreshing change from others in the series . And it might have worked , if the squad-based third-person shooter game did n't feel more like a poorly lit "  Call of Duty " than what we 've come to expect from the "  Resident Evil " franchise . Each member of your squad specializes in a different field  stealth , explosives , recon , etc.  , and you play as one of four soldiers fighting their way through Raccoon City . Either your friends can fill in the roles of the other three squad members or the game will control the others . You get to choose your special abilities and weapons at the beginning of each mission , but these are all locked down once the game starts . The weapons are similar to those you 'd find in a first-person shooter , and your character can carry one sidearm and one long-barreled weapon . Ammo and other weapons are sprinkled throughout the battleground and very rarely will you find yourself without bullets . There are a couple of high-powered , single-use weapons  grenade launchers , flamethrower  that ca n't be replenished with additional ammo . If you use one of these , make sure you can pick up another weapon as soon as you run out of fuel or grenades . One of the most frustrating aspects of combat is what I call "  magnetic cover . " If you 're trying to use cover from your enemies while you 're moving , you end up essentially plastered to a wall if you get even close to it . Forget about moving stealthily from one covered spot to another . If you want to progress , you have to stand up , exposing yourself to enemy fire , then move to the next safe spot . The artificial intelligence that runs the game is fair , but its decisions are sometimes hard to understand . Your squadmates will rush into a room with guns blazing at times when the team could have easily sneaked past . At other times , they will arbitrarily fling themselves to the ground for no apparent reason . At least they are good in a fight and and very effective at taking the heat off your character . Be sure to have a medic in your squad to help heal injured party members . Most of the opponents are not zombies . You 'll spend a lot of time battling the U.S. military in firefights , not that the soldiers you face seem much smarter than the undead . Character models for the soldiers and the zombies are reused often . You 'll see the same zombie police officer , zombie large guy and zombie girl in short-shorts over and over again . You will kill a lot of living and nonliving enemies in this game . The experience points you gain can be used at the beginning of each mission to upgrade weapons or personal abilities . But , even if you do n't use any upgrades at all , you will still be able to succeed . The passive abilities that help you find items and enemies on your mini-map are probably the most useful . None of the weapon upgrades felt like they were necessary . "  Resident Evil : Operation Raccoon City " ultimately comes off as a mundane , average shooter that abandons its heritage in the zombie/horror genre . There are n't enough zombies and too many living-breathing enemies to truly feel like a worthy outing for this franchise . The ending flies in the face of "  Resident Evil 's " history and leaves more questions unanswered . It feels half-done with no real finale . Obviously , the ending leaves the door open for another shooter in this series . Unfortunately , it does n't really deserve one . "  Resident Evil : Operation Raccoon City " is currently available in North America , Australia and Europe . It will be available in Japan on April 26 . It is available for Windows PC , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 . It is rated 'M for Mature ' due to blood and gore , intense violence , and strong language . This review was done playing the Xbox 360 version .	Reviewer : "  Resident Evil : Raccoon City " not a worthy chapter in franchise This time , players fight for bad guys , Umbrella Corporation , against the U.S. military The shooter ends up feeling like a poorly lit "  Call of Duty , " Larry Frum says Frum : The game 's ending also flies in the face of the franchise 's story line
CNN  -- The city of Seattle will pay $ 1.5 million to the family of a man who was fatally shot by a police officer last year . A Seattle police officer shot and killed John T. Williams , described as belonging to a First Nations Tribe , on August 30 . Williams , a woodcarver , was seen on video crossing a street holding his carving knife . When he did n't drop it , the officer shot him . The American Civil Liberties Union said it was unclear whether Williams , who was partially deaf , heard the order . The Seattle Police Department ruled the shooting unjustified . The officer , Ian Birk , resigned . Last month , the Justice Department launched a federal investigation of the police department for possible excessive use of force and discriminatory policing . Although the Seattle Police Department has been plagued by several reports of improper arrests and unwarranted beatings that led to a preliminary review , federal officials insisted the probe was not triggered by any specific incidents or allegations . Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights Tom Perez and the U.S. attorney in Seattle , Jenny Durkan , emphasized the investigation is civil , not criminal . They said rather than seeking to resolve any specific cases , the "  pattern or practice " investigation will focus on Seattle police systems of enforcement and on policy changes that may need to be made . Perez said the probe will be much narrower than a similar investigation of the New Orleans Police Department , but noted Seattle and New Orleans have both fully cooperated with federal authorities . The officials stressed that neither the federal preliminary review nor the full "  pattern or practice " investigation announced Thursday had been triggered by a letter from the ACLU and more than 30 civil rights groups calling for a full-blown investigation . Perez said the preliminary review had started when the Justice Department received the letter in early December . In addition to the fatal shooting of Williams , that letter cited five alleged incidents of particular concern that the ACLU claims require a wide-ranging investigation : -- June 11 2009 : An African-American man being released from jail was tackled , kicked in the face and beaten with a baton by three officers , according to the ACLU letter . -- April 17 , 2010 : Police stopped a Latino man they believed might be a robbery suspect . Video shows that while the man was lying on the sidewalk , an officer kicked him in the face and threatened to beat him . Another officer then stepped on his legs , the letter says . -- April 24 , 2010 : One of the same officers involved in that incident arrested a young man after a bar fight . The man was handcuffed , placed in the back of a patrol car , where , he claims , the officer repeatedly choked him , the civil rights groups allege . -- June 14 , 2010 : A police officer saw young people jaywalking and confronted a teenage African-American girl . The letter says video of the incident shows that after she put her hands on him , the officer punched the girl in the face . -- October 18 , 2010 : A convenience store camera shows an African-American teenager with his hands in the air being kicked by a police officer , causing him to fall to the ground . After he was kicked several more times , the teenager was handcuffed by a second officer , according to the letter .	The woodcarver was crossing a street with a knife The officer shoots him when he does n't drop the knife ACLU : It is unclear whether the partially deaf man heard the order The Justice Department has launched a federal probe of the department
Embattled Syrian President Bashar al-Assad told the United Nations-Arab League envoy on Sunday that countries must stop supporting , arming and providing protection to terrorists -- the government 's term for rebels . Lakhdar Brahimi was in Damascus to try to broker a cease-fire before the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha , which begins Friday . The president "  stressed that Syria supports the efforts of the U.N. envoy to Syria and is open to any sincere efforts seeking to find a political solution to the crisis based on respecting Syria 's sovereignty and rejecting any foreign interference , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  reported . He "  clarified that any initiative or political process should be essentially based on the principle of halting terrorism and what is required in this regard from the countries involved in supporting , arming and harboring the terrorists in Syria  is  to halt such acts , " it said . For his part , Brahimi told reporters that he had no agenda other than serving the Syrian people . "  I 'll come back after the Eid . If there was calm during it , we would build on it , and even it there was n't , we would work to realize calm , " Brahimi said , according to SANA . Given previous experiences , the odds of a cease-fire between Syrian government forces and rebels are stacked against Brahimi . The man he replaced , Kofi Annan , made numerous trips to Damascus and was unable to halt the violence . Opposition activists say more than 30,000 people have been killed since the Syrian crisis began in March 2011 . Even as Brahimi and al-Assad met , at least 135 people were killed across the country Sunday , including six children , according to the Local Coordination Committees  LCC  of Syria . Seventy of the deaths were reported in Damascus and its suburbs . The opposition group also reported an "  exchange of intense gunfire " between a Jordanian border patrol and Syrian security forces . A car bomb went off in the Syrian capital , killing 13 people and wounding 29 on Sunday , SANA said . The report blamed the attack on terrorists . Syrian forces "  continued cleansing neighborhoods in Aleppo and its countryside of terrorists , " SANA reported . And an explosive device in a Damascus suburb injured some bystanders , it said , again blaming terrorists . Opinion : Syria 's conflict threatens regional stability	An opposition group reports an "  exchange of intense gunfire " between Jordan , Syria At least 135 people were killed throughout Syria on Sunday President Bashar al-Assad meets U.N.-Arab League envoy Lakhdar Brahimi Brahimi hopes to broker a cease-fire before the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha
Comments posted to his Twitter account about an ongoing trial have landed an Abu Dhabi man in jail for 10 months , according to a state news agency . Abdulla al-Hadidi 's father is one of 94 dissidents facing legal proceedings that began in early March in the United Arab Emirates . Prosecutors accuse the dissidents of trying to overthrow the government and being connected to Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood , which is banned in the UAE . But human rights activists say the defendants are government critics and accuse the court of hiding the trial from unbiased international observers and journalists . According to the state news agency WAM , a misdemeanor court ruled that al-Hadidi lied about the proceedings in his writings on social media . "  He published arguments about court proceedings and circumstances surrounding the arrest of the accused with dishonesty and bad faith , " the agency reported , citing the justice department . Trial on the down-low ? But Human Right Watch has said al-Hadidi 's treatment at the hands of the legal system highlights government attempts to keep the mass trial of those who challenge the authority of a greatly unelected government , which is headed by immensely rich royal families , out of public view . This includes banning the handful of relatives , who had previously been allowed to watch the trial , from the courtroom , Human Rights Watch said . "  The day before his detention , officials from the Federal Supreme Court in Abu Dhabi informed al-Hadidi and several other relatives of the defendants that the authorities would no longer allow family members to attend the trial , " the human rights group said . The court has admitted only local media to cover the trial . Only two members from each detainee 's family were allowed in . Royal rulers and opposition Royal leaders have control over the executive branch of government and over half of the legislative branch , known as the Federal National Council , according to the CIA World Factbook . The other half of the council is democratically elected . Human Rights Watch claimed in March that 64 of the detainees had been held at undisclosed locations for up to a year and denied access to lawyers until February . The group said that two prominent human rights lawyers , Mohammed al-Roken and Mohammed al-Mansoori , are among them , as well as judges , teachers and student leaders . According the charges , "  they launched , established and ran an organisation seeking to oppose the basic principles of the UAE system of governance and to seize power . " Many believe UAE authorities are clamping down on freedom of expression since the Arab Spring swept across the Middle East staring in early 2011 . Unelected ruling families in oil-rich Gulf countries such as Bahrain and Saudi Arabia have sought to prevent popular uprisings . Bahrain has also been criticized for its heavy-handed use of force . Political parties and demonstrations are banned in the UAE , and recently an academic from the London School of Economics and Political Science was barred entry to the country . The academic was set to speak at a conference on the political situation in Bahrain .	The son of a man on trial tweeted distortions of proceedings , a court ruled Rights activists say his treatment reflects how the government is attempting to hide the trial 94 dissidents are accused of being Muslim extremists trying to overthrow the government Human Rights Watch says the dissidents are critics of a greatly unelected government
Washington  CNN  Marion Barry was dead , but Ward 8 came to party . Official Washington was across town last Friday , debating federal immigration laws and hashing out details of an enormous spending package that would keep the government funded through next year . But a few miles away from the Capitol , southeast Washington had a different agenda . Adults and school children alike were streaming into the chilly and rain-slicked streets of Washington 's Anacostia neighborhood , the beating heart of Barry 's African-American political base for almost 50 years , to pay their final respects to the man fondly dubbed "  Mayor For Life . " A funeral procession that began solemnly in the morning at the city council building in downtown D.C. blossomed into a block-party-in-motion as the hearse carrying Barry 's body made a slow roll through his neighborhood , past his white clapboard home and en route to a memorial service at his local church . Barry 's family members and friends honked their car horns incessantly at the crowd and the cameras . Onlookers waved and cried . Then they boogied in the streets as the marching band from Ballou High School announced themselves with a crisp drumbeat . Neighborhood entrepreneurs hawked hats and t-shirts emblazoned with Barry 's portrait and the "  Mayor For Life " slogan for $ 10 a pop . And then there were the stories . Everyone in Ward 8 had a tale about Barry -- how he helped a neighbor land his first job , how he secured clothing and food for a family in need . And , of course , how he liked to have good time -- even when he could n't actually have a good time . "  The last time I saw Marion Barry was at my birthday party , " recalled one mourner , Mary Cuthbert . "  That was Nov. 14 . He could not dance , so all the woman stood up and danced in front of him . We had a ball . " Margaret Tinker Lee , clutching a framed vintage photograph of herself and a heavier-set Barry , remembered the time she and some friends traveled to Las Vegas for the 1987 middleweight title bout between Sugar Ray Leonard and "  Marvelous " Marvin Hagler . "  A bunch of us Washingtonians went , " she said . "  Late in the morning , I am walking across the strip . I see Marion Barry . And I 'm like , ` Hey Marion Barry ! Hey , D.C. Mayor ! Marion Barry ! ' He says , ` Hey ! Do n't nobody up here know I 'm mayor ! You 're blowing my cover ! " To many in white Washington , Barry was a scoundrel , a womanizer and a crook who enriched his friends and cronies with contracts and jobs , corrupted the police department , and allowed the drug-ridden city to earn an ugly reputation in the 80s and early 90s as "  the murder capital . " His critics could barely contain their glee when Barry was busted smoking crack cocaine in 1990 with his then-girlfriend in an FBI-led sting operation at the Vista Hotel . "  B-tch set me up ! , " Barry exclaimed over and over again during his infamous on-camera arrest . The girlfriend , Rasheeda Moore , was an FBI informant . The scandal brought an end to a remarkable political run that began in the 1960s . Barry , a young civil rights leader , arrived in Washington from Tennessee , where he worked for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and helped organize Nashville 's lunch counter sit-in movement -- all while earning a master 's degree in organic chemistry on the side . Once in the District , Barry dove into grassroots politics , launching a popular jobs program for African-American teenagers that many black Washingtonians remember fondly even today . A gifted speaker with an infectious personality , Barry left his civil rights activism behind and became a political creature in full . He "  worked to make friends of his enemies , a trait that would become a trademark , " Harry Jaffe and Tom Sherwood wrote in their book "  Dream City , " the definitive chronicle of Barry 's political career and the mark it left on Washington . After D.C. established "  home rule " and the right to elect its own leaders in 1973 , Barry rode his popularity in the black community to a spot on the City Council . And four years later in 1978 , with early  and now forgotten  support from white voters , he was elected mayor . Flamboyant , resilient and always nurturing his African-American base , Barry was re-elected two more times before the crack bust heard around the world . Much to the frustration of white Washington , Barry launched a stunning comeback after serving time in a federal prison , and won a fourth term as Mayor in 1994 . He declined to run one more time , instead securing a place on the City Council until his death last month . Barry 's loss last month was felt deeply by black Washingtonians , who celebrated his life with three days of events culminating in a massive memorial service downtown last weekend . For all his flaws , Barry was a civil rights leader from the era of Martin Luther King who gave voice to a populace that lived , often forgotten and impoverished , in the shadow of the monuments and federal buildings that so many tourists flock to every year . "  What a lot of people do n't realize was how many thousands of people in this city loved Marion Barry , " said outgoing Washington mayor Vincent Gray . "  He was always trying to work on behalf of the people , especially those who were in difficult circumstances or were disadvantaged . He was a fighter and people will always remember it . " Barry 's death can be mourned another way . The Washington of 2014 looks far different than it did during Barry 's political heyday . It 's whiter and wealthier -- and yes , safer -- than it was during Barry 's time in office , when the "  Chocolate City " was about 70 % African-American . Today , that number is around 50 % and falling . For all the bike-lines and locally-sourced restaurants and Stumptown coffee proliferating in "  cool " Washington today , the city had something of a Wild West quality in the Seventies and Eighties that now feels mournfully distant . Barry came to power when some long forgotten but legitimately crazy stuff was happening in Washington . There was the 1976 car bombing of a Chilean dissident on Massachusetts Avenue -- his was killed by Pinochet 's secret police near Dupont Circle . The next year , a dozen Hanafi Muslim terrorists stormed three Washington buildings in 1977 , including the D.C. city council office , taking 149 hostages , killing a radio reporter and shooting Barry in the chest . An ex-con radio disc jokey named Petey Greene ruled the radio airwaves . Georgetown went to the Final 4 . And yes , the Redskins were good . That era grows more unimaginable by the day -- and Barry was the final thread binding us to it .	Marion Barry 's neighborhood paid final respects to the former D.C. mayor Current D.C. mayor : ` Many thousands of people in this city loved Marion Barry '
No one knew how the little girl ended up alone , in the Indiana field . Nor did they know who the toddler with blond hair and blue eyes was . They did know that she needed help . So the rush was on Friday to help the girl after she was found in Salem after devastating tornadoes struck the area , Clark County Sheriff 's Department Maj. Chuck Adams said . Adams said the 20-month-old was intubated , with a tube inserted into her throat to help her breathe . She was taken first to Indiana 's St. Vincent Salem Hospital before being flown about 35 miles southeast to Kosair Children 's Hospital in Louisville , Kentucky , according to Brian Rublein , a spokesman for Kosair . "  She is in critical condition , " Rublein said Saturday night . Rublein and Adams said that , since the girl was first located , someone had called to identify her . The hospital spokesman added Saturday that extended family members were then with the child . But her entire immediate family -- her parents , as well as 3-year-old brother and 2-month-old sister -- were killed in the storm , according to Rublein . Those wishing to help can do so through the hospital 's website , www.kosairchildrens.com , by specifying they want their donation to be directed to the girl who lost her family in the storm . As uncertain as this toddler 's fate was , the situation was likewise tenuous for a 9-year-old boy from Henryville , about 20 miles east of Salem . Adams said that the boy 's whereabouts have been unknown since twisters ravaged his Indiana town , destroying its high school , knocking down trees and tearing roofs off buildings . With lights knocked out throughout the region due to the potent storm , authorities were using thermal imaging and search dogs in an attempt to locate the boy , according to Adams . As of Saturday evening , authorities were reporting that at least 37 people had died as a result of the severe weather , including 18 in Kentucky and 14 in Indiana .	The girl 's parents and 2 siblings died in the storm , a hospital official says She remained in critical condition Saturday evening , he adds The 20-month-old girl was found alone , without ID , in an Indiana field , authorities say Authorities are also searching for a 9-year-old boy missing since the tornadoes hit
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- The United Nations Sunday launched a special tribunal to prosecute the assassins of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri . A statue of slain former Lebanese prime minister Rafiq Hariri stands in Beirut . The tribunal convened at The Hague more than four years after Hariri was killed in a massive car bombing in Beirut on February 14 , 2005 . The bomb , detonated as Hariri 's armored motorcade passed through Beirut 's fashionable seaside Corniche district , contained hundreds of pounds of explosives . It left buildings shattered and streets littered with the mangled wreckage of vehicles . The blast also killed 22 other people . The Lebanese army was out in force on the streets of Beirut Sunday as people turned out to pay their respects to Hariri , who is buried downtown in the Lebanese capital . The U.N. tribunal will have 11 judges , whose identities are being kept secret for their safety . Four will be Lebanese . The prosecution could take as long as 10 years , sources close to the tribunal said . Four senior Lebanese generals are being held over the bombing , which also killed 22 other people . But many Lebanese -- as well as the United States and U.N. investigators -- believe Syria ordered the assassination . Syria denies it . The tribunal 's prosecutor , Daniel Bellemare , refused to commit when asked at a news conference Sunday if Syrians would be charged . He said the public would have to wait and see . The U.S. State Department pledged its continued support of Lebanese judicial authorities and the tribunal 's operations . The United States has promised to contribute $ 14 million ; a request for an additional $ 6 million is pending approval from Congress . In a statement issued Sunday , acting State Department spokesman Robert A. Wood said Hariri 's death "  was an unsuccessful attempt to undermine Lebanon 's sovereignty . " He added : "  The Lebanese people answered his assassination with the Cedar Revolution , leading to the withdrawal of Syrian troops and the most democratic Lebanese elections in decades . " At the time of Hariri 's death , neighboring Syria had immense political influence in the country , and had maintained troops in its smaller neighbor since the 1980s , after the fighting between Israel and the PLO in Lebanon . Hariri was admired for spearheading the rebuilding of Beirut after the country 's civil war , from 1975 to 1990 , and many Lebanese blamed Syria for the killing , citing Hariri 's patriotism and strong sense of Lebanese independence . The killing sparked widespread protests that led to the eventual withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon and the election of an anti-Syrian bloc in parliament . The anti-Syrian movement is known as the March 14 Alliance , named after the day millions of supporters of Hariri took to the streets , and its actions have been dubbed the Cedar Revolution , for the nation 's iconic cedar trees . Huge counter-protests also were staged by Lebanese supporters of Syria . Along the way , U.N. investigators tasked to probe the attack found links between Syria 's government and Hariri 's assassination . The Lebanese hope the tribunal will settle the case , but there are also fears it could further divide the nation and open up older wounds in the country . The special tribunal takes over from the Beirut-based International Independent Investigation Commission , which looked into 20 other attacks and found elements linking some of them to a criminal network behind the Hariri killing , the United Nations said . The trial will take place in a converted gymnasium in a suburb of The Hague . The U.N. says the case is expected to be ready for trial by 2010 . -- CNN 's Cal Perry contributed to this report .	U.N. tribunal for killing of former Lebanon prime minister to convenes Tribunal has 11 judges , whose identities are being kept secret for their safety Rafik Hariri killed in car bomb in Beirut in February 2005 Death led to protests and reduction of Syrian influence in Lebanon
CNET  -- The imagined inventions of Victorian-era French novelist Albert Robida may be coming closer to reality . Who , you ask ? Robida was an illustrator and writer for popular science-fiction magazines , and is sometimes compared to Jules Verne . In his 1890 novel "  Le Vingtieme siecle . La vie electrique , " he described something called a "  telephonoscope . " Since then , we 've seen telephonoscopes -- basically videophones -- in everything from "  The Jetsons " to "  Blade Runner . " What we have n't seen is the videophone in our living rooms . That may finally be changing . The common use of videophones could happen through three technologies that separately are n't exactly considered bleeding edge today : high-speed Internet , a television , and Skype . Samsung says it will put the VoIP calling service Skype as an application on its televisions , allowing phone calls to be made on camera right from a couch , just like Jane Jetson talking into her TV set . The Samsung Skype-enabled TV follows similar announcements from Panasonic and LG at the Consumer Electronics Show in January . The models will range from to $ 1,200 to $ 2,000 for Panasonic 's set . Samsung and LG have not yet announced how much they will charge . The Skype on TV application should work similarly on all three models , which in turn should closely mimic the version of the application that many people use to make free PC to PC calls , or for a fee , PC to landline . Skype accounts are free to set up and can be activated using the TV 's remote control right on the screen . The video calls will also be free , as will voice calls between Skype users . Using Skype to call traditional landline and mobile phones is a few cents per minute . Calls can be answered while watching a program , but it 's not yet possible to both talk and continue to watch uninterrupted . By the time these models actually hit stores in late spring there should be three TV makers offering Skype on their TVs . And not just any three TV makers , but the world 's largest overall  Samsung sells practically one of every five TVs sold  , the leader in plasmas  Panasonic  , and LG , which is close behind Samsung , selling 15 percent of all TVs . While Robida wrote about the idea , AT&T did the most to advance the idea from the pages of Victorian sci-fi to actuality . Unfortunately its 1960s videophone system , known as the Picturephone , was a bust . Few ever signed up for the service because you had to reserve call times and pay a whopping $ 16 per minute . The idea , however , was at least on the right track : making videophones accessible to normal folk . Today teleconferencing is a common tool for companies to put employees in different locations virtually , if not physically , in the same conference room . But the high cost of the fancy systems from companies like Cisco and Hewlett-Packard does n't make them consumer-friendly . Cisco also announced at CES it would be offering a home version of its telepresence software sometime this year , and did not yet mention a price . Videophones for the home have never really caught on in the way they have at businesses . Even versions of the concept built into a corded telephone did n't really generate much excitement . Usually this was a small screen attached to a phone base station and conversations had to take place wherever the phone was plugged in , which tended to be places like a dresser or a kitchen counter . Video calls today can be made online . They 're easy and cheap , and of course do n't require the purchase of an pricey new TV . A computer with a built-in Webcam and a voice-over-IP service like Skype or a chat application like Yahoo Messenger usually suffice , but it is still an activity that 's attached to a computer , and therefore going to be intimidating to people who either do n't like or have trouble with technology . TVs are far more accessible though . Now with major companies like Samsung , Panasonic , and LG pushing the idea of the TV as videophone , the concept does at least have the chance to catch on . Consumer surveys show that people are beginning to buy Internet-connected TVs , which allow not just Skype calls , but also other activities on the TV that are normally confined to the computer . That includes accessing Internet radio and video streaming from services like Pandora and Netflix , and social sites like Twitter , Facebook , and Flickr . A survey of 800 U.S. consumers who bought TVs in January found that 27.5 percent of them have connected their new sets to the Internet , either through the TV itself or via an external device such as a game console or digital video box , according to iSuppli . And of those , almost 42 percent recently purchased a Web-connected TV . And Skype likely wo n't be a brand new concept to a lot of those new TV owners . Skype already has over 521 million registered accounts , so there 's a built-in audience who is already signed up and knows how to use it . But the quality may not be what some people expect , says DisplaySearch analyst Paul Gagnon . "  Teleconferencing is inherently kind of a low-quality experience , especially in a consumer home . On a computer it works OK , but blown up to the size of the TV , I was n't terribly impressed with some of the demos at CES , " he said . And quality aside , even in terms of logistics , there 's a lot to consider . Even with an Internet-connected TV , you still need a decent Internet connection , and for a two-way video call , you have to have people on the other end with the same set up . In other words , "  it 's really early , " Gagnon said . Time will tell if videophones are just a fad or about to become an integral part of the modern idea of the "  connected living room . " The tools are there , but it 's entirely possible that people do n't want to use their TVs like that . Either way , even if the latest incarnation of Robida 's telephonoscope does n't gain widespread acceptance , he still has a decent track record for his prognostications . Other things he predicted in the same 1890 novel ? The use of submarines , helicopters , and biological warfare .  2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	High-speed Internet , television and Skype could combine to create videophone Samsung says it will put VoIP calling service Skype as application on its televisions "  Teleconferencing is inherently kind of a low-quality experience , " analyst says
CNN  -- A 7.2-magnitude earthquake has struck south of the Mariana Islands , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The Mariana Islands -- an archipelago in the western Pacific Ocean -- are made up of two U.S. territories , Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands . The islands sit about three-quarters of the way from Hawaii to the Philippines . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue a tsunami warning after the quake , which struck at 7:19 a.m. Saturday  5:19 p.m. ET Friday  . "  We would n't expect any kind of significant tsunami for this event , " said the center 's director , Charles McCreery , noting that the quake 's magnitude was relatively low to provoke one . There were no immediate reports of casualties or damage , emergency management officials said . The quake struck about 375 kilometers  233 miles  west-southwest of Hagatna , Guam , and 445 kilometers  276 miles  west-southwest of Rota , Northern Mariana Islands . It ran 4.7 kilometers  2.9 miles  deep . CNN 's Dan Gilgoff and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	NEW : No immediate reports of damage , casualties Earthquake hits south of the Mariana Islands early Saturday No tsunami warning has been issued The islands are made up of two U.S. territories
Even after Boomer Esiason apologized for what he called his "  insensitive " comment about scheduling a C-section before the season started , his suggestion plus critical stances by other radio hosts demonstrate how much paternity leave is still not widely accepted in our society . In conversations with men across the country , it 's clear that while most join many women in expressing outrage at the view that a Major League Baseball game should come before the birth of a child , there were men who felt the player should have gotten back to his job as quickly as possible . By now , you probably know the particulars : the New York Mets ' Daniel Murphy missed the first two games of the season to attend his son 's birth . He did n't do anything he was n't allowed to do . Major League Baseball permits a player to take up to three days off for paternity leave . But Esiason , his radio co-host Craig Carton and another WFAN radio host , Mike Francesa , had a very hard time understanding why Murphy would take another day -- and be off the field -- after his son was born . "  You 're a Major League Baseball player . You can hire a nurse , " said Francesa on his radio show . Esiason pulled back completely from his initial comment that if he were in Murphy 's shoes , he would have had his wife schedule a C-section before the season started . "  My flippant comment was insensitive , " said Esiason on his radio show Friday , a day after intense criticism of his remarks . "  I feel terrible for the Murphy family because what should be the greatest time in their life turned out to be somewhat of a firestorm that I personally put them into . And for that , hopefully , they can find forgiveness in their heart . " A father of three , who did not want to be identified , said his biggest beef was not with Esiason but with Francesa 's comments that Murphy was n't needed after his son 's birth , or that anything he could have done could have been handled by a hired nurse . "  That is total garbage , " said this dad via Facebook . "  Whether a man makes minimum wage or the salary of a Major League ball player , his family deserves his undivided attention at the birth of his child . It does n't matter if he can easily hire someone to handle all the things that need to be done -- there is no substitute for the sense of accomplishment a man can get from having done it himself . " Mike Adamick , a stay-at-home dad in San Francisco , writer and author of "  Dad 's Book of Awesome Projects , " found the comments of Esiason and the other radio hosts "  really sad " but believes the fact that the controversy involves a discussion about paternity leave is positive . "  I 'd like to think that if there 's a silver lining from all this , it 's the realization or the confirmation that dads do want to be involved , and that the expectation is really gone away from wandering around the hallways handing out cigars to wanting to be in the birth room and being involved and hands-on from the get-go , " said Adamick , who has another book coming out in a few weeks , "  Dad 's Book of Awesome Science Experiments . " But not all men think a man 's role is being by his wife and his new child 's side . On CNN Living 's Facebook page , a man named Michael said he agreed with Esiason regarding scheduling a C-section before the season got underway . "  It may seem insensitive but it 's a very special situation being a Major League Baseball player . I know in almost every other profession the right thing to do is to strap your boots on and go back to work because that 's what the man of the house does . "  Could he not afford to hire a nurse to wait on his wife hand and foot ? " he added . "  Real men do n't take paternity leave , " said a man named Robert on CNN 's Facebook page . When pressed by another commenter that it 's no longer the 1950s , Robert responded , "  I wish it were the '50s . Those were the days when men were men . " Said another man on Facebook , "  My belief is that it 's a generation gap opinion . When  Esiason  had kids , he was back to work the next day . " Indeed , just by looking at the increase in the number of stay-at-home dads in the United States , it 's clear our attitudes are shifting , even though not as rapidly as some would hope . "  I think people have really latched onto the idea that no , culturally we 've changed , and we want to go in the direction of more involved dads as opposed to backwards of ` Ward Cleaver ' checking in from out in the waiting room , " said Adamick , who is the primary caregiver for his soon-to-be 8-year-old daughter . Still , when compared to our European counterparts , we are pretty much in the dark ages as far as paternity leave is concerned . In Sweden , men get a minimum of two months paid paternity leave ; in Norway , they can take 10 weeks paid ; and in Spain , they get four weeks . In the United States , there is no mandated paid paternity leave , although some companies do allow men to take 10 days off with pay . "  In my case , I had to use vacation days when my twins were born , " said the father of three , who did n't want to be identified . "  I get that we live in a world where women are n't treated equally to men when it comes to pay , promotions and a slew of other areas , but there are also areas where men 's needs are treated as inferior to those of a woman , and becoming a parent is a prime example , " he added . Will we , one day , get to a place where paternity leave is as accepted as maternity leave ? Even paternity leave supporters say that 's not likely . "  From a cold hard political standpoint , for some reason , we just feel like you take time off and you 're a loafer , you 're a taker ,  a  grabber , " said Adamick . But as more Daniel Murphys come forward and make decisions that they say are best for their families , maybe , just maybe , we 'll move closer to the approach of our friends abroad . Adamick said , "  In terms of just being socially good for everybody ... having kids raised in a loving family and to start them from the get-go with two involved parents ... I do n't see how that could possibly be bad and I hope that one day we can get there . " Do you think men should be able to take paternity leave -- no matter their profession ? Chime in in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Boomer Esiason apologizes for suggesting athlete 's wife should have scheduled C-section Esiason , other radio hosts took issue with baseball player taking two days of paternity leave Paternity leave in United States still lags far behind countries in Europe In Sweden , men can take two months paid paternity leave
CNN  -- I 'm in a Las Vegas hotel room , hiding from Christmas . The odds are not in my favor . This is not a war on , jihad against or campaign to counter anyone else 's annual allotment of holly jolly joy . If it were up to me , I 'd quietly exile myself from the merrymaking so as not to dim others ' bliss like a burned-out bulb on an otherwise twinkly light strand . I 'm not a Grinch or a Scrooge or any of the other soot-stained slurs hurled by people fed up with a loved one 's reluctance to join the reindeer games . What I am is depressed . In the cold , dark , ash-end of the dying year , it is hard for me to pry my head from my pillow and draw breath into my lungs -- let alone don gay apparel and fa-la-la along with the rest of the festive public . But I do it -- alongside countless other people suffering from seasonal affective disorder , active grief , debilitating panic , PTSD and a whole host of other emotional issues that are thrown into sharp relief amid the mandatory revelry . I do n't want to drag anyone else into my darkness and take the shimmer off their star . I try to slough off my dull gray sweater and don a gaudy holiday number that I hope will distract from the listlessness in my eyes and my affect , and I will myself to snap out of it . That may successfully deflect attention from friends and family caught up in holiday chaos , but I am thoroughly unable to force myself into a state of good cheer . The attempt makes it worse . "  I think there must be something wrong with me , Linus . Christmas is coming , but I 'm not happy . I do n't feel the way I 'm supposed to feel . ... I like getting presents and sending Christmas cards and decorating trees and all that , but I 'm still not happy . I always end up feeling depressed . " Read more : Going public with depression As a child , it was surprising and oddly comforting to see my strange feelings articulated by a beloved cartoon character amid the Technicolor cheer of holiday TV specials . But then again , I have always identified with poor ol' Charlie Brown -- and the response his confession of yuletide unease received from his peers . "  Charlie Brown , you 're the only person I know who can take a wonderful season like Christmas and turn it into a problem . " Nope -- not just you , Charlie Brown . The rest of us just do n't talk about it for fear that the Linuses of the world will pass judgment ; if you ca n't join in the joy of the most wonderful time of the year , you are clearly defective . You are a misfit toy , minus the solidarity of an island full of kindred spirits . Even for those who do n't struggle with chronic or seasonal depression , there are myriad reasons why some approach December with dread . For many who have who always celebrated holidays with warmth and abandon , there 's a raw and tender spot where a departed family member used to be . Even if the grief is not fresh , the rites and rituals that once brought such delight now awaken the ache of loss . For others , economic strain , family estrangement , the pressure of others ' expectations , overtaxed schedules and plain old exhaustion can mount and crush the happiness out a season that was previously a source of comfort . But rarely , if ever , are we given a strings-free opportunity to opt out . "  It 's only once a year ! " a friend said to me just yesterday , kvetching about her sister-in-law 's reluctance to suck it up and make merry . I 've never met the woman , but I had to argue on her behalf . I come from a family in which Christmas Day e-mails have become an acceptable level of holiday hoopla , but have married into a family heavily invested in the celebration . As much as I love and cherish every member of my husband 's massive multigenerational clan , their celebrations operate at an unfamiliar frequency . Being launched into the holiday machine with a family that celebrates bigheartedly , boisterously and lavishly became a source of yearly panic and dread for me . I was terribly ashamed of myself for feeling that way . Yes , it 's only once a year , but my mother-in-law is nearing 90 . The desire to deliver the brand of holiday she 's come to expect added so much weight to the event , I 'd find myself almost unable to breathe at the very thought of it . Read more : National Depression Screening Day : Sharing experiences Then I 'd fret that someone would notice my distress  they did  and take it personally if I slipped away to compose myself .  Where 's Kat ? She 's taking a nap again ? Does n't she want to spend time with us ?  After several years of that stress , I realized something was going to have to give -- and it was going to have to be me . I ca n't say I 'm ever going to actively enjoy Christmas , but I love my family  and myself  enough to make the most out of it and have found ways to manage my seasonally fragile mood in a way that might minimize upset from either side . I save up my vacation days , hotel points and and frequent-flier miles to visit somewhere sunny -- usually Las Vegas . While trees , cheeky holiday decor , and jazzed-up carols have begun to encroach upon this den of depravity and excess , it 's still a relatively safe haven for Christmas cranks like me , and the darkness sets in a shade later than it does back home . On the ground at Christmas central with the in-laws , my husband and I have taken to getting a hotel room , rather than staying with family . Though that may not be the most economically sensible option , we do n't have to worry about overtaxing anyone 's generosity , and the autonomy offers a little breathing room that helps me more calmly and thoroughly appreciate the time we spend together in celebration . Once in the familial fray , I try to make myself as useful as humanly possible . Need that platter washed ? Gim me ! We 're out of cinnamon ? Where are the car keys ? The children need someone to chase around the yard to wear them out ? Whooooooooosh ! And I 've added my own ritual to the mix -- crafting multiple pitchers of rye sours made with freshly-squeezed lemons and clementine juice . It busies my hands for at least an hour , lightly buzzes the crowd for a couple more and I get to spend one-on-one time with each person as I serve them . It has by all accounts been a most welcome addition to the holidays , and for a while our moods align happily and brightly . This may not be ideal for every family , but we make the most of what we 've been given . I 'll take my Christmas spirit any way I can get it . Like CNN Living on Facebook and follow Kat Kinsman on Twitter . How do you get through the holiday doldrums ? Share your secrets in the comments section below .	Many people become sad during the holidays due to depression or past events CNN 's Kat Kinsman faced overwhelming depression during the season in the past Kinsman devised coping methods , such as visiting sunny climes and keeping busy Those facing seasonal affective disorder or depression can find resources here .
CNN  -- Gross is everywhere . It 's in the food we eat : in the cheese that shares chemical properties with bad breath and stinky feet and in the bread that is leavened by microbial excretions . It 's in nature : in the viruses that make us sick , in the monstrous shape of reptiles and deep-sea fish and in the terrible parasites that torment them . Of course , we ourselves might be the greatest source of grossness . We carry it with us , in our blood and guts . Anytime someone 's insides end up outside , you are definitely in the presence of the gross . It seems obvious that our repulsion from the gross is rooted in our fear of death . We may pretend that we are our own masters , but deep down we suspect we are really the victims of nature and fate . The things we spurn as gross are the things that rub that dismal knowledge in our face . 5 ways Japan will surprise you But fear is only half the story . Old medical devices may look like implements of torture , but they were used for healing . Gruesome medical specimens show us the miraculous functioning of the human body . Horrific germs and grotesque insects embody nature 's endless ingenuity , its ability to exploit any niche and fill the empty spaces with living things . If it 's true that the universe can be known in a grain of sand , then it can also be known through the gross -- and that 's much more entertaining than staring at a tiny bit of gravel . If you resist the impulse to flinch and take the gross on its own terms , you will unlock a universe of discovery and even enjoyment . Here are seven of my favorite gross places in America to jump start your own journey of "  grossological " discovery . Hit the trail : 7 gorgeous hikes Mtter Museum , Philadelphia The nation 's undisputed monarch of medical museums began with a donation from Dr. Thomas Dent Mtter to the College of Physicians of Philadelphia in 1858 . In 1912 , the enlarged collection was moved to its present location , where it continued to serve physicians as a pathological reference collection . Today it is a monument to 19th-century medicine . Its clubby , dark wood and brass interiors practically define the steampunk aesthetic . Within the glass cases is a Noah 's ark of medical curiosities . Flier 's alleged 50-day bender ends badly There is a human skull collection ; examples of diseased organs , either preserved in jars or cast in wax models of remarkable delicacy . Admittedly , the collection of teratological specimens  mutants  requires a strong stomach . But even the most sensitive can enjoy the Chevalier Jackson Foreign Bodies Collection , a cabinet filled with more than 2,000 swallowed objects removed by a single laryngologist . There are also examples of tanned human skin , which has no medical value , but is totally cool . My personal favorite is the Soap Lady , a woman whose body posthumously underwent complete saponification -- which means that all the fat in her body turned into soap . That can really happen . The museum is open daily , 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. World 's Largest Fungus , Malheur National Forest , Oregon Do n't be fooled by an ordinary looking mushroom . Beneath it broods an ancient horror that has been growing quietly for thousands of years . A Malheur National Forest cluster of Armillaria ostoyae , or honey mushroom , is part of the world 's largest fungus , which engulfs 3.4 square miles -- that 's 2,200 acres -- of Oregon 's national parkland . This massive mushroom is estimated to weigh 7,567 to 35,000 tons , which would make it the largest living organism in the world . But that does n't sound nearly as gross as being the largest fungus . Now for the letdown : The bulk of this behemoth resides underground in a stringy network of roots called a rhizomorph . The only visible traces are the mushrooms that sprout in the fall . They may not look like much but once you know their dark secret , you ca n't help but see them in a new , sinister way . The U.S. Forest Service website has more information about the fungus and its forest home . Necropolis by the Bay , Colma , California In this community of 1,800 souls , the dead outnumber the living 900 to 1 . Colma 's demographic imbalance is the result of its unofficial role as San Francisco 's necropolis . This relationship started in 1900 , when land became so scarce in San Francisco that the City Council decided to remove all its dead and build on the decommissioned cemeteries . The dispossessed dead were transferred to new digs in Colma -- for a service charge of $ 10 a head . Those whose next of kin could n't come up with the cash were less ceremoniously reinterred in collective , unmarked graves . With 73 % of its land zoned today for memorial parks , Colma is less a city than a network of roads connecting its many cemeteries .  Even the number of cemeteries within city limits is debatable , although most sources place the count at 17 . The Colma Historical Association offers cemetery tours by appointment , and members will be happy to show you the final resting places of Wyatt Earp , Joe DiMaggio , Levi Strauss and other famous Americans who now call Colma home . Perhaps this attraction is more morbid than gross , but let 's not split hairs : It 's a pleasant Halloween-season outing in a beautiful part of the nation . Indiana Medical History Museum , Indianapolis , Indiana How many medical museums are on the site of an old insane asylum ? Built in 1897 , the Old Pathology Building was the research wing of the Indiana State Hospital for the Insane . Physicians there studied the brains of deceased patients , trying to identify the physical causes of mental illness . Some of the more colorful diagnoses they came up with include : pathological jealousy , Mexican War excitement , religious anxiety and a little-known ailment called "  husband in California . " A significant number of patients , however , suffered from general paresis , a neurological condition caused by advanced syphilis . Today , the beautifully restored museum building is a perfect replica of a turn-of-the-century pathology laboratory . You can see a sampling of gruesome medical and autopsy tools in their native environment , but , of course , the grossest highlight is the human brain collection . This consists of some 80 samples , mostly sliced in cross section and preserved in glass slides , which display various neurological injuries . The Indiana Medical History Museum is open to the public Thursday through Saturday . Leila 's Hair Museum , Independence , Missouri Some things seem universally gross , say , the smell of rotting flesh . Other things elicit a variety of responses . Old hair gives some people in intense case of the heebie-jeebies . Leila Cahoon is not one of them . She is the proprietor of the nation 's only museum dedicated entirely to hair art . Nearly forgotten today , hair craft was popular with Victorians , who wove jewelry and decorative lace out of human hair . Often these pieces were kept as mementos of dead or absent loved ones . Sometimes successive generations would add to the lacework to create a genealogical record , much like a family bible . The hair museum has more than 2,000 items that reach back to the 17th century . Creepy as you might find these pieces , you can not deny their artistry . The museum is open Tuesday through Saturday , 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Berkeley Pit , Butte , Montana This unintended artificial lake is an expanse of tranquil water four miles around and tinted an impossible shade of rich cordovan red . As luminous and vast as the Montana sky above , it is a sight of unearthly , inhuman beauty . But it is undeniably gross . The secret to the Berkeley Pit 's beauty is pollution . Lots of it . For 27 years , it was the site of intensive strip mining , which removed more than a billion tons of earth and valuable ores . When mining ceased in 1982 , ground water began to rush into the pit , bringing with it an infusion of acids and toxic heavy metals . Today the Berkeley Pit is the crowning jewel in the nation 's largest contiguous federal Superfund site . How dangerous is the pit ? Back in 1995 , a flock of misdirected snow geese alit on its banks . The next morning , 342 were dead . Remarkably enough , you can visit the pit . Obviously kayaking and water skiing are out of the question . But there is an observation platform where you can watch at a safe distance . It 's open from March to November . For more information , go to www.visitmt.com and search for "  Berkeley Pit . " Morbid Anatomy Library , Brooklyn , New York This library and private collection of weird art and antique medicine cum gallery and lecture space hosts occasional classes in anthropmorphic taxidermy . That 's the resurrected Victorian craft of dressing dead animals in adorable little outfits and posing them in human activities . The bunny school houses and kitten croquet parties of a more genteel era , however , have been updated to mouse burlesque dancers , skateboarders and drunken poets . Visits can be scheduled to the library by appointment .	Gruesome medical specimens show the miraculous functioning of the human body A museum cabinet is filled with 2,000-plus swallowed objects removed by a single doctor Under Oregon parkland , there 's a huge mushroom estimated to weigh up to 35,000 tons The dead outnumber the living 900-to-1 in the community of Colma , California
CNN  -- Gunfire rang out outside a Miami funeral home , killing two people and injuring 12 others , police said . Investigators from the Miami-Dade County Police Department 's homicide bureau continued their probe Saturday , one day after the mass shooting took place . The bloodshed occurred around 9:30 p.m. Friday at the Monique and Loriston Community Funeral Home in North Miami , "  while funeral services were taking place , " according to a press release issued the Saturday by police . Fourteen people were struck by bullets , with one dying at the scene and another succumbing to his wounds at a nearby hospital , police said . The victims ' identifies were not immediately released , though authorities did say they were 43 and 27 years old . Those wounded include a 5-year-old girl , who was transported to the Ryder Trauma Center at Jackson Memorial Hospital . She was listed in stable condition on Saturday , according to police . Authorities did not offer further information in their statement , besides saying that a "  white vehicle may be involved " somehow in the incident .	Gunfire erupted Friday night outside a Miami funeral home , police say 1 person died at the scene and another died later at a local hospital The wounded included a 5-year-old girl , who was listed in stable condition
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's foreign ministry said Wednesday that it has lodged a "  strong " protest with the U.S. ambassador over missile attacks conducted on Pakistani soil by unmanned drones . The aftermath of a suspected U.S. drone attack on a building in North Waziristan . The ministry said it summoned Ambassador Anne Patterson to underscore that such attacks violate Pakistan 's sovereignty and should be stopped immediately . A statement from the ministry said Patterson was also told that the attacks have cost lives and undermined public support for Pakistan 's counter terrorism efforts . The ministry lodged its protests three days after a missile strike from a suspected U.S. drone on a compound in South Waziristan killed 20 people . Pakistan has repeatedly raised objections to foreign nations violating its sovereignty to pursue terrorists . A U.S. ground operation in September that left several civilians dead rankled relations between the two countries . Last week , Pakistan 's parliament passed a resolution that condemned any incursion on Pakistani soil by foreign forces . The resolution called for a review of the country 's national security strategy and said the government needs to safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity . The ministry said it handed Patterson a copy of the resolution . The U.S. and NATO , which have troops in Afghanistan , have been seeking a way to effectively battle militants who launch attacks from Pakistan 's swath of tribal areas along the border . They have become frustrated with Islamabad over the years , saying it is not being proactive enough against militants -- a claim Pakistan denies . The United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from drones , which are controlled remotely . In another development , suspected Taliban militants kidnapped three government officials from an administrative office in Pakistan 's tribal region Wednesday , officials said . The militants abducted two employees and a security guard from the Ambar district in Mohmand Agency . Mohmand is in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas , where U.S. and Pakistani officials have reported a presence of militants . Earlier in the day , militants tried unsuccessfully to take control of a school in Mohmand and abduct about 100 students , authorities said . A shootout with Frontier Corps followed , in which one militant was killed and another arrested . The Frontier Corps is a paramilitary force which uses recruits from Pakistan 's tribal areas and is overseen by Pakistani army officers . Also Wednesday , a suicide car bomber detonated explosives outside a police checkpoint in northwest Pakistan , killing two security personnel , officials said . The Wednesday afternoon attack in the Bannu district of the North West Frontier Province also wounded a dozen people , military sources said . The bomber targeted a check point near a military hospital , said the sources who did not want their names revealed because they are not authorized to speak to the media . CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalist Janullah Hashimzada contributed to this report	Pakistan summons U.S. ambassador over missile attacks Missile strike from a suspected U.S. drone killed 20 people Suspected Taliban militants kidnap 3 officials from in tribal region
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A North Korean torpedo attack was the most likely cause for the sinking of a South Korean warship last month , according to a US military official . The US believes the ship was sunk by the blast of an underwater explosion , but that the explosive device itself did not come in contact with the hull of the South Korean ship , the official said . This is the same conclusion expressed by South Korean military officials .	U.S. official : North Korean torpedo probably sank S. Korean ship Explosion occured near , but not in contact with hull , official says Conclusion matches that expressed by South Korean officials
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel will not open a criminal investigation into the airstrike that killed 10 members of a Palestinian family and two of their neighbors during the November 2012 war with Gaza . Israel 's Military Advocate General  MAG  revealed its decision last week in a report that examined allegations of misconduct during Operation Pillar of Defence . The report looked into 80 incidents during the eight days of intense fighting that included Israeli air strikes and Palestinian rocket launches . The independent advocate general said it needed more information on 15 cases , but found no basis for a criminal investigation in the other 65 incidents -- including the strike that killed 10 members of the Al-Dalou family . On November 18 , the Al-Dalou family -- including five women and four small children -- was inside their three-story home when the Israeli air force dropped a bomb that obliterated the dwelling . The explosion also heavily damaged two neighboring houses , killing two other people . Neighbors tried desperately to pull people out of the rubble alive but none survived . The Military Advocate General report called the deaths "  regrettable " but said the military took "  various precautions to reduce the possibility of collateral damage " and "  the incident did not raise suspicion " of a criminal offense . During the conflict , the Israeli military changed its story several times as to who the intended target in the home was . The day of the strike , CNN was told the target was Yahia Rabia , who the military said was the head of Hamas ' rocket unit . He was not among the dead . Human Rights Watch said the military then changed its story , saying it was targeting Mohmmad Al-Dalou , who did live in the home , identifying him as a Hamas militant . Jamal Al-Dalou denied the allegation about his now-deceased son . But in the days and weeks after the incident , Human Rights Watch said it found evidence on the ground and on the Internet that lead the group to believe Mohammad Al-Dalou was a low-level member of Hamas ' armed wing and therefore a legitimate target . But the rights group still condemned the way in which Israel went about trying to kill him . "  Under the laws of war , that person would be a legitimate target . The Israeli strike blew up an entire house , severely damaged the neighboring houses and killed 12 people -- to us that looks very disproportionate . The level of damage to civilians and civilian infrastructure was not adequately related to an attack on one militant , " Human Rights Watch Senior Researcher Bill Van Esveld said shortly after the group put out its own report on the November war . In an unspecified number of cases , however , the Military Advocate General report did admit mistakes were made that lead to civilian deaths . "  There is indeed basis for the claim that as a result of IDF attacks , uninvolved civilians were killed or injured , or civilian property damaged , usually as unintended damage resulting from an attack against military targets or alternatively from operations errors where civilians were mistakenly identified as terrorist operatives , " the report said . The Palestinian Center for Human Rights , one of the non-profit groups that sent evidence and filed complaints about some of the deadly strikes , attacked the findings of the report . " ... PCHR believes that Israel 's legal system is used as a smokescreen , to provide an illusion of investigative rigor , while in fact providing systematic cover for widespread violations of international law , " that group said in a statement . The report is also being condemned by Human Rights Watch as "  insufficient " and at times "  based on a mistaken interpretation of the laws of war . " "  Just saying that the fatal consequences of an attack were unintended or a mistake does not , of course , make the attack lawful , " Van Esveld said in an e-mail to CNN . Jamal Al-Dalou , the father and grandfather who lost almost all of his immediate family in the November 18 airstrike , including four grandchildren under the age of 8 , told CNN the incident has left him feeling like he , too , is dead . "  I call on everyone and the world whether American or British or an Arab or Jew or Christian . I call for the free world and the ones who have democracy and ethics to stand with me and support me and bring the Israeli government to justice for what they have done to me . They have massacred my entire family , " he said . Israel 's military said it conducted some 1,500 strikes during the November incursion in Gaza and took many precautions to avoid killing civilians . In videos shown to CNN , the military illustrated how it dropped leaflets , aborted many missions if civilians were in the line of fire , and used high-precision weapons with pinpoint accuracy to avoid collateral damage . "  Any loss of human life is a tragedy . And as we proved in Operation Pillar of Defence , we are putting great effort in order to reduce the amount of civilian casualties in the state of conflict , " Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said . But Palestinians scoff at Israel 's assertion , saying if that is true , why were so many civilians killed ? According to a United Nations report , at least 168 Palestinians were killed by Israel during the conflict -- 101 of them civilians , including 33 children and 13 women . Israel disputes that breakdown of the numbers , telling CNN it killed at least 100 "  terrorists " during the war . Six Israelis , including four civilians , were killed by rockets fired by armed groups in Gaza during the conflict . The Israeli MAG report also said the son of a BBC journalist who died in the fighting was likely killed by a Palestinian rocket and not Israeli fire , as had been widely reported . The U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights also looked into that case and last month reached the same conclusion . Human Rights Watch accused Israel of war crimes in the fighting and lodged the same charge against Hamas and other Palestinian armed groups in Gaza for indiscriminate rocket attacks on Israeli population centers . Both governments have denied the charges . TIMELINE : Israel-Gaza conflict READ MORE : Q&A : Gaza strikes could be beginning of ground attack READ MORE : Calm elusive as rockets rain in Gaza , Israel	An airstrike on a family home in Gaza in November left 10 people dead The patriarch of the family says he feels he is dead , too Israel 's Military Advocate General said no criminal probe needed in the case
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- When you consider  1  that he 's a comic actor known for playing dysfunctional characters , and  2  the photo above , you might expect Rainn Wilson 's presentation at SXSW Interactive to have been full of laughs . And you would be right . For the first 20 minutes . Wilson , best known for his role as the aggressively clueless Dwight Schrute on TV 's "  The Office , " began his talk with random slides  "  Here 's a baby monkey riding a boar "  , gags about the early days of the Internet and jokes about his postings on Twitter , where he has almost 3 million followers . "  Friendster still exists , " he said while reminiscing about his dial-up Web history . "  It 's like an Internet ghost town ... where all the people are preserved in amber , circa 2003 . " An audience of several thousand people , who packed a cavernous hall for a talk billed as "  The View from Inside Rainn Wilson 's Brainstem , " laughed along . But then Wilson shifted gears , turned earnest and devoted the rest of his session to Soul Pancake , the website he co-founded to help people explore life 's big questions . "  Soul Pancake is really an expression of who I am as a human being , " said the actor , a member of the Baha'i faith . "  It 's very important to me . It 's very personal . " Launched in 2009 , the site encourages users to post thought-provoking musings about spirituality , philosophy , creativity and other meaty topics . Users can read original content while posing questions , engaging in discussions and undertaking creative activities such as writing exercises . It attracts a modest following -- about a million page views a month -- and is still not profitable , Wilson said . He said he launched the site to "  de-lamilfy spirituality , " to promote conversations and to bring people together about metaphysical topics . Also ? "  Spirit Taco was taken . " Wilson argued the Web has a unique power to inspire users -- he cited his own past as an awkward , lonely teen-ager who was looking to connect with like-minded people -- by helping them make sense of things and find their place in the world . "  I believe the Internet is the future of spirituality , " he said . "  It 's a spiritual act to share a beautiful photo on Instagram . It 's a spiritual act to sell something beautiful you 've crafted on Etsy . " Wilson said Soul Pancake has evolved into a media-production company that is launching a YouTube channel and creating programming for Oprah Winfrey 's TV network . He showed a brief original clip of a "  Heart Attack " -- cheerful dancers in cartoon-heart costumes , making people smile by engulfing them on a California boardwalk . "  That 's why I 'm sharing this , " said Wilson , a 46-year-old husband and father . "  We need connection . We need compassion . We need nurturing . " Wilson 's heartfelt tone and proselytizing may have caught audience members off guard . Some trickled out midway through his talk . But he still found time for a few comedic riffs . On audience interaction : "  Any questions ? I do n't care . Shut up . " On the Buddha : "  He 's a chubby guy . He 's like the Andy Richter of religious icons . " On his ill-fated  and made-up  attempt to launch Twatter , a social-media service in which messages must be a minimum of 140,000 characters : "  I lost millions of dollars . Terrible idea . "	Actor Rainn Wilson  "  The Office "  spoke Saturday at South By Southwest Wilson has a website , Soul Pancake , that attempts to connect users around spiritual questions Wilson : "  It 's a spiritual act to share a beautiful photo on Instagram "
The first lady of France , Valerie Trierweiler , has been hospitalized since Friday following allegations that President Francois Hollande has been having an affair with a French actress , a top member of Trierweiler 's staff said . Patrice Biancone , head of Trierweiler 's Elysee office , told CNN , "  She needed rest . We are hoping that she will leave the hospital at the beginning of this week . " He said that the first lady entered a hospital after allegations surfaced in the French tabloid Closer linking Hollande romantically to actress Julie Gayet . "  We all know why she went in after the story came out , " said Biancone , clearly making the link between the revelations of the magazine and Trierweiler 's hospitalization . Trierweiler and Hollande are not married but live together , and she makes official state appearances . They met when she was a reporter for Paris Match magazine , a publication she still works for . Hollande , 59 , left his longtime common-law wife , Segolene Royal -- the mother of his four children -- for Trierweiler , 48 , before the 2012 presidential election . Closer reported Hollande had been slipping out of the back door of the Elysee Palace and hopping on a motor scooter driven by a bodyguard to Gayet 's apartment . The magazine also reported the bodyguard brought croissants to the apartment one morning . Hollande has not denied the affair but has threatened legal action . Le Parisien first reported Trierweiler has been hospitalized since Thursday . The paper said the full story will appear in Monday 's edition .	Magazine said Hollande was having affair with actress Julie Gayet Hollande 's romantic partner , Valerie Trierweiler , hospitalized French president has threatened legal action against magazine
CNN  -- In a headline that calls out for attention -- "  A Gender Reversal on Career Aspirations " -- the Pew Research Center reports that two-thirds of young women now say "  being successful in a high-paying career or profession " is one of the most important goals in their lives . While it may not be surprising that these women express more ambition than their mothers and grandmothers , it is surprising when they also display more ambition than their male peers . Is this a sign , then , that we are witnessing "  a gender reversal " ? Or does it represent a kind of denial -- on the part of young women and men -- about the obstacles they will ultimately face at the workplace and in life ? In the same poll , marriage and parenthood remain important life goals for all young adults , with 86 % of women and 82 % of men listing marriage as "  very important " or "  one of the most important things " in life . Children are even more desired , with 95 % of young women and 90 % of young men placing "  being a good parent " in these same categories . Yet young people 's actions , at least when it comes to family commitments , appear at odds with these stated aspirations . Young people are not only postponing marriage , they are also far more likely than earlier generations to believe it is better to stay single than to enter or stay in a dissatisfying relationship . Moreover , while young women see marriage as desirable , they do not believe it is essential to their own happiness or to becoming a parent . The gap between young women 's high aspirations -- for relationships and parenthood along with paid work -- and their increasing tendency to remain "  on their own " suggest that they are hardly naive . On the contrary , their career goals represent a realistic and cool-eyed assessment of how best to secure their own well-being , along with the well-being of any children they bear . In a world where women know they are likely to shoulder the responsibilities of supporting a family , often on their own , it is more dangerous to scale back ambitions than to give in to the obstacles they know they will likely encounter . Focusing on self-development at the workplace does not , however , mean jettisoning hopes for a rich family life . When I interviewed young people about their experiences and outlooks , I found that women and men alike overwhelmingly say they want to combine committed work with a satisfying lifelong partnership between equals . They are also rightly skeptical about their chances of achieving this high standard . Women are particularly aware of how hard it is to sustain a relationship , especially in the context of persistent work-family conflicts and rising financial uncertainty . An egalitarian partnership may be the ideal , but most young women see self-reliance through paid work as essential to their survival , offering the option to choose the right relationship , maintain a measure of autonomy within it and go it alone if nothing better comes along . So what about young men ? Men 's prospects have dimmed in finding the kind of stable jobs and careers their fathers and grandfathers took for granted . With the uncertainties of the new economy , where few jobs offer lifetime security , men 's scaled back aspirations are as understandable as women 's rising goals . Men , too , are caught on the horns of a dilemma , torn between the difficulty of establishing a steady career and strong pressures to define their worth by the size of the paycheck . As women 's career aspirations rise and men 's tumble , this declining gender gap should serve as a wake-up call . Younger generations want to combine the personal pursuit of challenging , well-rewarded paid work with the pleasures and responsibilities of a committed family life . In fact , earlier Pew surveys found 73 % of Americans believe that women 's employment has been a "  change for the better , " while 62 % say that sharing the responsibilities of paid work and rearing children is "  more satisfying than a more traditional marriage . " But as long as careers require unfettered , constant devotion and caretaking remains undervalued , privatized and penalized , the goal of striking their desired balance between paid work and the rest of life will remain illusive for young women and men alike . The answer is to stop worrying about a gender reversal and focus instead on the institutional and cultural changes -- such as flexible careers and supports for caretakers of all stripes -- that will make genuine equality possible . It is past time to finish the gender revolution that began with women 's march into the workplace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen Gerson .	Pew poll reports that young women have higher earning aspirations than young men Kathleen Gerson : Young people 's actions appear at odds with what they say Since traditional gender roles are eroding , young women value careers , says Gerson She says new generation wants work life balance , but there are many challenges
CNN  -- Five University of Calgary students were stabbed to death Tuesday morning in what the city 's police chief called "  the worst mass murder in Calgary 's history . " Chief Rick Hanson said about 30 students were at a house party celebrating the end of the school year Monday night when police received a call at 1:20 a.m. Tuesday for a stabbing . Arriving officers discovered three men dead . A woman and another man who were found injured with stab wounds later died at the hospital , according to Hanson . "  The scene was horrific " he said . Matthew de Grood , a fellow university student , was charged with five counts of first-degree murder Tuesday afternoon . Hanson said de Grood "  obtained a large knife " at the house and began attacking his victims shortly after he arrived . "  He targeted the victims one by one , stabbing them several times " said Hanson . There was no known altercation between de Grood -- who was an invited guest -- and any of his victims leading up to the attack , Hanson said . He does not know why they were targeted . The victims , who have not been named , ranged in age from 22 to 27 . "  These were all good kids " said Hanson . "  They did nothing wrong . " De Grood , 22 , is the son of a longtime Calgary police officer . "  The suspect 's parents  are absolutely devastated " said Hanson . "  They feel so much pain for the families impacted by their son . They are heartbroken . " Hanson said the suspect had had no previous run-ins with police . "  This is a very shocking and tragic day for our students and our entire university family , " said university President Elizabeth Cannon . "  Our thoughts and condolences go out to the families of those who have lost their loved ones in this unimaginable and senseless tragedy . " A Calgary police statement says the identities of the victims will be released pending the completion of the autopsies , which is expected Wednesday . After school stabbing , community asks "  why ? " Teen charged with murder in high school stabbings	University of Calgary student accused of killing 5 schoolmates at party Matthew de Grood , son of a police officer , is charged with first-degree murder The killings are "  the worst mass murder in Calgary 's history , " police chief says
CNN  -- The man who made Formula One 's bravest comeback has given his seal of approval to Kimi Raikkonen 's dramatic decision to return to Ferrari . Niki Lauda -- whose return from life threatening injuries has been immortalized this year in the Hollywood film "  Rush " -- won his second world title for Ferrari in 1977 , just one year after the fiery crash that almost took his life . When asked by CNN 's The Circuit what he made of Raikkonen 's renaissance for Ferrari , Lauda , a man who does not mince his words , said : "  Very good . "  It 's the right decision by -LSB- Ferrari president Luca di -RSB- Montezemolo because Ferrari has been behind Red Bull on the last four world championships , which does n't make him happy , " added Lauda . The Austrian three time world champion also predicted the arrival of the ambitious Finnish driver will give a "  kick " to current Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso -- a suggestion the Spaniard denied ahead of this weekend 's Singapore Grand Prix . Interactive : The Circuit 's guide to Singapore The Italian team will field the sport 's most potent driver line up in 2014 , pairing Raikkonen with Alonso , the man they replaced the Finn with for the 2010 season . Raikkonen raced to Ferrari 's last drivers ' world title in 2007 while the Spaniard has two world titles , won with Renault in 2005 and 2006 , on his resume . Pairing two ambitious world champions on opposite sides of the garage is a risky move . It is also a departure from Ferrari 's policy of running a No. 1 driver -- a role Alonso held for the last four seasons -- with a driver playing a supporting role . Raikkonen has replaced Felipe Massa , who famously handed victory to Alonso at the 2010 German Grand Prix when the team implicitly employed team orders by telling the Brazilian over the pit-to-car radio : "  Fernando is faster than you . " Lauda predicts Raikkonen 's arrival will be a wake up call to Alonso -- and one that should make the 32 year-old raise his game . "  With Massa and Alonso it was very clear that Alonso was the No. 1 , " Lauda commented . "  With Kimi coming there , it will kick Alonso to go quicker . "  They are strong characters . It will need strong leadership from the top of Ferrari to keep them under control but for the team itself to suddenly get going , this was the right decision . " Lauda speaks with some authority . "  Rush " adramatizes his arch rivalry with flamboyant British driver James Hunt and the Austrian is now drawing on his own experiences of managing on track rivalries as a non executive chairman of the Mercedes F1 team . The 64 year-old was instrumental in persuading 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton to partner Nico Rosberg at Mercedes from McLaren for the 2013 season . Hamilton 's move was also considered to be a risk but it has paid off as he won the Hungarian Grand Prix , while McLaren is yet to score a podium , and Rosberg has also claimed two race wins . Lauda says pairing two talented drivers within the same team has helped Rosberg and Hamilton push harder . "  I got Hamilton last year , I convinced him to join the team and he made a hell of a difference , " Lauda explained . "  Suddenly you have two drivers pushing each other and -LSB- who -RSB- have a good relationship , this is the most important thing . " Alonso does not necessarily agree with Lauda 's assessment . The Spaniard told reporters in Singapore ahead of this weekend 's grand prix that Raikkonen 's arrival in 2014 will do little to change his work ethic for Ferrari . "  The motivation will be always similar , " he said . "  I will do my best all the time . I do n't think anyone will push me more than I push now . "  Two world champions - I do n't think that makes any difference . " Money problems for Raikkonen Raikkonen spoke to the media for the first time since being unveiled as a Ferrari driver and also rejected suggestions that he and Alonso would not be able to work together in 2014 . "  I do n't see the reason why it would n't work , " said the 33 year-old . "  We are all old enough to know what we are doing . "  If there is something , I 'm sure we can talk it through . It 's not like we are 20 year-old guys any more . "  I might be wrong -- time will tell -- but I 'm pretty sure everything will be good . For sure there will be hard fights on the race circuits , sometimes things go wrong ... I 'm pretty sure it will all be OK . " The Finnish driver , not known for his effusive answers when talking to the media , also revealed he decided to leave the Lotus at the end of 2013 because he is owed money by the team . "  The reasons why I left from the team is purely on the money side , that they have n't got my salary , " Raikkonen explained . "  It 's an unfortunate thing but like I said , I want to try and help the team as much as I can and I like to race . "	Niki Lauda says Ferrari has made a "  very good " decision by signing Kimi Raikkonen for 2014 The three-time world champion says it will also provide a "  kick " for Fernando Alonso He warns managing Raikkonen and Alonso in 2014 will take "  strong leadership " Lauda says bringing Lewis Hamilton to Mercedes made "  hell of a difference "
The Obama administration announced revisions to the Obamacare contraception mandate so that nonprofit religious organizations can opt out of signing a release form to avoid covering birth control and workers for those nonprofits are able to obtain separate contraception coverage without a copay . "  This is part of ensuring that all women have access to contraception coverage , " said a senior administration official . Earlier this month the Supreme Court issued a temporary order that allows Wheaton College to avoid covering birth control without filing a religious exemption form with its insurer . The new revisions to the Obamacare mandate reveal that the White House is anticipating the U.S. Supreme Court 's finalization of the temporary injunction in the coming months . "  In light of the Supreme Court order regarding Wheaton College , " said the official , "  the Departments intend to augment their regulations to provide an alternative way for objecting nonprofit religious organizations to provide notification , while ensuring that enrollees in plans of such organizations receive separate coverage of contraceptive services without cost sharing " The July ruling on behalf of the evangelical Illinois school was seen as an important victory for those objecting to a compromise that aimed to allow coverage and allowed a workaround for those opposing it . The new White House revision aims to resurrect that compromise but cut out the so-called permission slip that had been a requirement for employers to skirt the Obamacare contraception mandate . The rules , which are still being worked out , will provide an "  alternative way for objecting nonprofit religious organizations to provide notification , " according to the White House . In a brief filed Tuesday in the U.S. 10th Circuit Court of Appeals , the Department of Justice said that "  The Wheaton College injunction does not reflect a final Supreme Court determination that the Religious Freedom Restoration Act requires the government to apply the accommodations in this manner , " but that the rules outlined in the brief are meant to augment a Department of Health and Human Services accommodation process that will no longer require the use of a form -- for any institution -- if the temporary order for Wheaton College is enacted for all religious nonprofits . The senior White House official said that "  the administration believes the accommodation is legally sound . " The White House expects to issue the regulatory revisions within a month , upon which time the Supreme Court will be informed of the interim final rules . Appeals courts differ on Obamacare CNN poll : Is Obamacare working ?	Obama administration announces revisions to contraception policy Action follows Supreme Court issuing temporary order for religious school in Illinois
CNN  -- A 27-year-old man with a history of mental illness was detained after he jumped a fence at Tampa International Airport Monday evening and ran onto an active runway . The man , who was not hurt , was given a trespass warning and taken to a hospital for a mental evaluation , airport spokeswoman Janet Zink told CNN . The man was apprehended within three minutes after he crossed the fence , Zink said . Zink said the man jumped a fence shortly after 5 p.m. and ran toward Runway 1 Right . He was observed by an employee of an airplane maintenance company , who called 911 , she said . Air traffic controllers , pilots and airport police were recorded talking about the event on LiveATC.net tapes . "  How about the guy over here walking on the runway , " one pilot said . "  I have no knowledge of that , but I think I see something now , " the controller responds , before instructing a Southwest flight taxiing to the runway to stop . "  He 's got his arms up ... he 's walking northbound on the runway . " A police officer then asks for clearance to enter the runway to apprehend the man . "  That 's something you do n't see every day , tower , " another pilot radioed . "  No you do n't , " the controller responded . The incident briefly delayed a Southwest flight from Tampa to Houston , and a United flight from Tampa to Chicago . CNN Producer Brian Rokus contributed to this report .	NEW : The man is taken to a hospital for a mental evaluation A man jumped an airport fence and ran toward one of the runways He was observed by a worker , who called 911 Two flights from the Tampa airport were delayed briefly
CNN  -- Britain 's Chris Froome won the 17th stage of the Tour de France on Wednesday to strengthen his grip on the yellow jersey . Froome completed Wednesday 's 32-kilometer time trial in 51 minutes 33 seconds , nine seconds ahead of Spain 's Alberto Contador with his compatriot Joaquim Rodriguez Oliver finishing a further second behind in third . "  I could n't believe it when I got over the line and saw I had the fastest time , " Froome said after his third stage win of this year 's tour . "  I went into today thinking I was going to try and limit my losses , thinking about the days to come now . So to go through the finish line with the fastest time , I really did n't see that coming . " On mountainous terrain along a frequently twisting route most of the riders opted for their traditional road bikes over the more aerodynamic machines used in time trials . But Froome opted to use both on the stage , switching to a time trial model for the final 12-kilometer descent . The swap proved decisive as the Briton clawed back a 20-second advantage Contador had built up earlier in the stage . The Spaniard now moves up to second overall , four minutes 34 seconds behind Froome with just four stages remaining . Contador 's Saxo-Tinkoff teammate Roman Kreuziger is now third and trails Froome by four minutes and 51 seconds . Thursday sees the riders tackle the gruelling 172.5-kilometer 18th stage which concludes with a double ascent of Alpe d'Huez over the last 60 kilometers .	Chris Froome narrowly increases lead with a win on stage 17 of Tour de France Briton finishes nine seconds ahead of Spain 's Alberto Contador Contador moves up to second place overall , four minutes and 34 seconds behind Froome Stage 18 sees riders attempt a double ascent of Alpe d'Huez
CNN  -- If a Facebook picture is worth a thousand words , we 're pretty sure there 's one word in the lexicon you 'd be loath to have associated with you : tool . Unless you 're a handyman , in which case , carry on . Yes , Facebook started off as a gated community for college kids awkwardly trolling for chicks in their rooms because the outside world was just too bright ... too bright . But now , as Mark Zuckerberg sallies forth with his plan to consume all of society , it has become kind of legit . Last week , Zuckerberg unveiled a messaging system for the book of faces that will consolidate e-mail , texts , chat and Facebook messages . While we  unlike myriad reactionary news outlets  wo n't be calling Z 's new baby a "  Gmail killer " any time soon  dude , eradicate all those FB phishing scams and then we 'll talk  , the fact that Facebook would take such a step got us thinking . Every day , 4 billion messages are shot off via Facebook , and next to those 4 billion messages is something that could make or break the legitimacy of your missive -- or , at the very least , amuse or horrify your friends : your profile picture . This is your calling card , your public face . So why do so many of you contort it into that of a duck ? Read on for five common types of Facebook photos that make your friends want to block you , potential employers take pause and future suitors weep with frustration at the state of the human race . The "  MySpace shot " Oh , the "  MySpace shot " -- in which men pose shirtless in front of their bathroom mirrors and women pout into their boobs . You think it makes you look sexy , but , truth be told , it makes you look like you have no friends . Which makes sense , considering the dudes are always hanging out shirtless in the bathroom and the chicks always look so freaking depressed . Fun fact : Research from OK Cupid shows the "  MySpace shot " is the most effective snap for women when it comes to racking up messages . Still , that same research shows that shots of a chick doing something interesting , as opposed to looking sexy , garnered more meaningful communication . Yes , Facebook is not OK Cupid , but the research holds true : A cell phone pic may get you some attention , but , well , so will drunkenly passing out at a party and flashing your underwear . And for those among you who are too deeply entrenched in the morass of narcissism to pry iPhone from hand , might we suggest getting an account on DailyBooth ? This service lets you take a photo of yourself every day in order to track how your appearance changes over time . At least then you can call it art ... or something . Subbing in an inanimate object/pet/baby "  Hey Tim ... so , I 've known you for about five years now and I 'm pretty sure you are not a crude drawing of a dinosaur , a cat with lasers for eyes or a green square . No , I 'm pretty sure you 're a skinny dude with an only slightly unfortunate haircut . " So thinketh your friends when nary a picture on your Facebook profile is actually of you . Also , people will start to wonder if you have been disfigured in some horrifying accident and -- Phantom of the Opera-like -- are masking your hideous face with that of Conan 's . If you insist on getting creative with your profile pic , check out Twibbons , which lets you create profile images that promote a cause . Liquoring up A couple of party pictures in which you 're holding a glass of wine or a beer are fine , but a parade of profile pics that could pass for Budweiser ads -- or , for that matter , the photo above -- are probably not the best choice when it comes to looking like a professional/not an alcoholic . Yeah , that pic of you in the pool doing Edward 40-Hands might be hilarious to your poker pals and fellow former frat bros , but the kids you teach fourth grade math to  and their parents  will probably be less than amused . Group shots Let 's say you meet a new dude at a dark party . The guy seems nice , and looks to be cute from what you can tell through the haze of the smoke machine and Four Loko  it has n't been banned everywhere yet , folks  , but you ca n't quite tell because of the crudely markered-on Castro beard  oh , forgot to mention it 's Halloween  . The next day , you eagerly seek out homeboy on Facebook , only to find a profile picture that features not one , but five similar-looking dudes lying in the grass -- wearing Wayfarers and fedoras . How are you supposed to tell which is which , and whether you should click "  friend " ? Yeah , Facebook is not technically a dating site , but let 's face it , the first thing you do after meeting a new romantic interest is stalk the hell outta him or her . According to a survey from Seventeen magazine , within one week of meeting someone , 79 percent of 16-21 year-olds add that person to their Facebook circle . And , as shallow as it is , folks will judge you based on your profile -- that same research shows that 43 percent of girls would decide not to date someone if his profile was a bust . So do n't hide behind your friends in the shot that 's supposed to show who you are . Save that for after the breakup , when you run into her at your local watering hole . Holiday or wedding pics ... months after the wedding Yes , it was totally awesome that that Halloween party you went to featured not one , not two , but three Fidel Castros  you are the dude mentioned above , btw  , but it 's not so awesome that you should still keep a picture documenting this phenom front and center in late November . A week or two tops , friends , and then it 's back to that lovely shot of you wearing pleated pants and a polo  we 'll tackle that problem at a later date  . The same goes for wedding photos . It 's really nice that you got married , and we all pored through every shot from the ceremony , but leaving up a portrait of you in full bridal garb for several months is akin to shoving your ring in your friends ' faces daily . We are no longer happy for you . You are now just gloating . We fear the day when you produce offspring .	The self-taken "  MySpace shot " makes you look like you have no friends Do n't hide behind your friends in the shot that 's supposed to show who you are Halloween party photos are awesome -- but not so awesome in late-November
CNN  -- Europe 's star soccer clubs have booked a summer holiday to the United States -- but this is strictly business not pleasure . Manchester City , Real Madrid , Bayern Munich , AC Milan , Arsenal and Manchester United are among the footballing giants crossing the Atlantic . These pre-season tours of North America are nothing new but the timing could not be better . Europe 's big clubs are coming to tap into a zeitgeist that has seen a new ardor for soccer sweep the country . since Team USA 's heroics at the 2014 World Cup . "  It 's the perfect time to go , " Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger -- whose team are making the trip for a one-off game against the New York Red Bulls Saturday -- told the club 's Arsenal Player channel . "  It is the first time since I  started to  go to World Cups that I 've been stopped by so many American people . "  I can tell you something I 'm completely convinced of -- before people did n't know who you were , but now every American guy I met knows Arsenal , knows England and knows the Premier League . " This summer 's football fiesta in Brazil certainly fanned the flames of soccer in the United States . Team USA 's draw against Portugal in the group stages became the most-watched soccer game in U.S. history when it attracted 25 million television viewers , according to Nielsen figures . Those statistics put soccer ahead of baseball 's 2013 World Series average of 15 million viewers on Fox while the NBA Finals delivered a similar figure for ABC . Even after the U.S. team 's dramatic extra-time defeat to Belgium in the last 16 , which attracted 23 million viewers , the TV audience stayed tuned . A new record of an estimated 26.5 m fans watched the final between Germany and Argentina . "  A lot of people still ask ` when is soccer going to make it in the United States ? ' I think it has , " Daniel Wiersema , a fan from Austin who traveled to watch the U.S. team at the World Cup , told CNN . "  Compared to 2010 , we saw significant interest the very moment the tournament kicked off and then a swelling interest as the U.S. progressed through the group and elimination stages . "  At the World Cup in Brazil the U.S. had a home field advantage because there were so many American fans at the games . "  On social media the followers and likes for Major League Soccer  MLS  has grown hugely and U.S. Soccer held viewing parties in Chicago that were so big they had to move them to Soldier Field  home of the NFL team Chicago Bears  . " With memories of the World Cup final still fresh , European clubs are landing on U.S. shores this week to stoke the glowing embers . Champions League winners Real Madrid , of Spain , English clubs Manchester City , Liverpool and Manchester United join Italian giants AC Milan , Inter Milan and Roma as well as Greek side Olympiacos in making a transatlantic trek . They are across the pond to vie for the International Champions Cup with matches played on the road from the University of California in Berkeley to Miami 's Sun Life Stadium German champions Bayern Munich and English Premier League side Tottenham are among other clubs hitching their wagons to road trips across the U.S. "  There have been three ages of overseas football tours , " Professor Simon Chadwick , founder and director of the Centre for International Business of Sport and a professor at Coventry University Business School , explained to CNN . "  Firstly , tours were about easing players back into the football season after the summer break ; then , they became PR vehicles for clubs seeking to build profile and presence around the world . "  But we are now in the third age , where strategic development of key target markets and long-term fan engagement are important . "  The short-term financial gains are likely to be less important than the long-term value of playing such matches . "  If an American becomes a lifetime Manchester United fan following a tour game , the lifetime flow of income from them is potentially very significant for a club . " The incentives for the touring clubs might be obvious but these habitual pre-season tours interrupt the regular MLS season , which unlike the domestic leagues in Europe , runs from March through October . With Europe 's finest flaunting some of the world 's biggest names , is there any danger that these high-profile tours are in danger of inhibiting the domestic game ? "  You could say on one hand it 's a distraction because it 's in season and that these teams need to focus on their domestic season , " adds Wiersema , who is also the founder of the Free Beer Movement which aims to build American soccer through social events . "  You would n't see Man United or Chelsea taking time off in the middle of the Premier League campaign to cash a check . "  But it 's the unique position of U.S. soccer that we have a different season and a unique position that we need the profile of the global leagues to increase the local one . It 's a double edged sword . " Megan Hession from Blakely Advisors , who organize high performance training camps and manage players ' affairs , thinks MLS simply ca n't compete with European football . But , as she told CNN , there is a silver lining : "  I believe most of the MLS franchises are doing all of the right things to maximize attendance and brand recognition because no one does that better in sport than American clubs . "  I believe this World Cup has been somewhat of a game changer -- at least in the short term -- for football as I can not remember such a high level of patriotism and overall interest from Americans . " Hession believes the loosening of MLS 's designated player rule , which allows franchises to sign stars that would ordinarily be outside their salary cap , is vital in helping it attract valuable expertise . "  So long as the MLS can expand the DP rule and get more players out here , and coaches and trainers , who will make the American 's better players in the long run , there 's no reason we ca n't produce a Cristiano Ronaldo . " Many of the World Cup stars may well be on show on U.S. shores in the coming weeks . The MLS All Star game against Bayern Munich in Oregon on 6 August will pit American World Cup heroes Matt Besler , DeAndre Yedlin , Kyle Beckerman , Michael Bradley and Clint Dempsey against some of Germany 's World Cup winners including goalkeeper Manuel Neuer and midfielder Thomas Muller . Bayern , winners of the German Bundesliga , also boast U.S. attacker Julian Green in their ranks . He became the USA 's youngest World Cup scorer after his goal in the defeat to Belgium . Attracting players of this quality to the MLS regular domestic league is arguably the key to driving the U.S. domestic league to a level closer to its global counterparts . "  MLS is on its way with big names like U.S. internationals Bradley and Dempsey coming over , " Carisa Donahue , who traveled to watch Team USA at the World Cup in Brazil on her honeymoon with new husband Shane , told CNN . "  It 's tough because there are some good names playing here but it 's often players at the end of their careers . "  If we got some European or South American players who were in their prime they could help to bring the MLS to global standards . " Wiersema agrees : "  It 's easy to be cynical about these tours in the short-term and say the European teams are just here for a pay day but from an American perspective I see it as inspirational . "  Seeing clubs with such a rich history allows us as Americans to dream big . "  Someday I want my local American soccer team to have the same international respect as a Manchester United . "  It 's a worthy goal to think that MLS can one day be on a par with the Premier League , La Liga , the Bundesliga and Serie A. " The European visitors may well cash in on its imports this summer but , over time , it could be the U.S. who is exporting soccer back to the world .	A host of Europe 's top soccer clubs are heading for America to prepare for domestic seasons European champions Real Madrid stateside as well as Man City and Real Madrid Clubs hoping to cash in on the buzz in the U.S. prompted by recent World Cup in Brazil Record viewing figures underlined how popular Brazil tournament was in America
CNN  -- Known as the cradle of the Renaissance , Florence is a culture-rich city in the heart of Tuscany , Italy . Over the centuries , it has been home to Renaissance masters Leonardo da Vinci , Giotto , Michelangelo , Dante and Brunelleschi , who have left their legacy in a trove of art and architecture that is world renowned . It is this rich legacy that inspires art-lovers to visit , and in summer the city is crammed with tourists determined to make the most of the city 's treasures . While small , Florence contains a quarter of the planet 's UNESCO world heritage sites , which can be overwhelming for first-time visitors . With this ratio of classics-per-square-meter , it 's impossible to see everything in one visit -- but here is a selection of CNN 's cultural highlights . A good starting point is Florence 's cathedral , The Duomo  Piazza del Duomo  , whose teracotta-and-white dome dominates the city 's skyline . The building 's ornate facade is decorated in pink , white and green marble . Inside , however , the cathedral is refreshingly simple . The 700-step climb up the inside of the dome -- architect Brunelleschi 's 15th-century feat of engineering -- is not for the faint-hearted , but the views from the cupola are well worth it . Also in the cathedral square is Giotto 's Campanile , a belltower that soars into the Tuscan sky . With its magnificent statues , rich relief carvings and strong design , it exemplifies Renaissance architecture . If heights do n't make you dizzy , iyou 'll also get a great view of the city from the top . One of the oldest art museums in the Western world , the Uffizi Gallery is unmissable . Come here for a who 's who of Renaissance art : As well as da Vinci 's "  Annunciation " and "  The Adoration of the Magi , " the gallery houses "  The Baptism of Christ , " attributed to Verrocchio and da Vinci , as well as numerous works by Giotto , Botticelli , Michelangelo , Rafael , Titian and Tintoretto -- truly a visual feast . Some believe that the Palazzo Vecchio conceals a hidden treasure . It is thought that da Vinci 's "  The Battle of Anghiari " could lie hidden behind one of Vasari 's frescoes , not least because Vasari , who greatly admired da Vinci 's work , has included the words "  Seek and you shall find " in one of his paintings . Forensic art historian Maurizio Seracicin is using infra-red rays to see if it 's there . Michelangelo 's sculpture "  David " takes pride of place at the Accademia Gallery , where you can also find Botticelli 's "  Madonna and Child . " For more sculpture , head to the Bargello National Museum , where you 'll find an impressive array of works by Donatello , Luca della Robbia , Verrocchio , Michelangelo and Cellini . At the Museum of Leonardo da Vinci , visitors flock to see life-size models of the artist 's ideas and inventions , from a glider to a tank , all carved from wood . It 's a great place to appreciate the range of Leonardo 's creativity . If you 're footsore and feeling overwhelmed after racing around the key cultural sights , it might be time to head away from the crowds . Over the Roman Ponte Vecchio Bridge , famously lined by jewelry shops , is the Pitti Palace , seat of the Dukes of Tuscany , and rising up behind it are the exquisite Boboli Gardens . Take a picnic and climb up to the top , then congratulate yourself on escaping the crush and admire the view . Alternatively , take a trip back to the Middle Ages by listening to San Miniato 's Benedictine monks sing Gregorian chants during vespers at Florence 's oldest church , dating back to the 11th century . It 's another spot that affords great views , as it sits at one of the highest points in Florence . Florence is also strongly associated with Italian fashion . Gucci , Pucci and Cavalli were founded here , as was Ferragamo , while Prada , Chanel , Armani and others retain a strong presence in the city . The glossy boutiques can be found on Via Tornabuoni -- or you can follow the fashionistas and pick up some cut-price designer treats at the thriving designer outlets on the outskirts of Florence . And if you are looking for something more offbeat , try the Museo La Specola , a zoology museum where you can find eerily accurate wax models of corpses , a multitude of stuffed animals and other Victorian museum curiosities .	The cradle of the Renaissance , Florence has produced some of Italy 's greatest artists Despite its small size , the city boasts a quarter of the globe 's UNESCO world heritage sites Florence is home to treasures from famed artists such as da Vinci , Michelangelo and Botticelli
At a coming-out party for its upcoming PlayStation 4 console , Sony leveled its guns at rival Microsoft 's Xbox One device and fired until the chambers were empty . During a press event Monday night at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles , Sony hammered home key points about its new gaming system : Sharing games will be free . If people want to sell used games , that 's fine . And a near-constant Internet connection , meant to monitor game usage , wo n't be required . In other words , the PS4 will do many things the new XBox apparently can not . Oh , and the PlayStation 4 will sell for $ 399 -- $ 100 less than the Xbox One . Both consoles are expected this fall in time for the holiday shopping season , setting up a battle for the hearts , minds and wallets of the gaming community . A big point of contention among gamers is that Microsoft 's new Xbox will require an online check-in every 24 hours  less than the "  always-on " mode gamers expected  and will only allow games to be resold at selected retailers . Games may be shared only among a limited number of friends and family members . Microsoft 's daily check-in is designed , in part , to make sure users have n't resold , traded in or given away a game they 've already downloaded on their consoles . The idea is to prevent more than one person from effectively owning a game that was purchased only once . After rolling out a list of new games , Jack Tretton , president and CEO of Sony Computer Entertainment America , essentially went down a laundry list of complaints about the new Xbox , which had been showcased earlier Monday , and promised the opposite . "  In addition to creating an amazing library of new titles on PlayStation 4 , we 're equally focused on delivering what gamers want most without imposing restrictions or devaluing their PS4 purchases , " Tretton said . "  For instance , PlayStation 4 wo n't impose any new restrictions on the use of pre-owned games . " That announcement got a loud and sustained round of applause from an E3 crowd not always easy to impress . "  I guess that 's a good thing , " a smiling Tretton replied . In game-console terms , digital-rights management is a code that allows users to access a game 's content . It 's designed to assure developers and publishers that only the person who paid for the game , and close family and friends , can play it . Sony and Microsoft are n't the ones that would benefit from DRM , or used-game restrictions . Game publishers want to make sure they are getting paid for their work , and that includes the secondhand market . In the weeks leading up to E3 , Microsoft had sought to calm gamers ' concerns with a series of blog posts that some felt nibbled around the edges of rights-management issues but never offered definitive answers . Sony then was conspicuously quiet in what , now , appears to have been an orchestrated effort to lower the boom at E3 . Witness the "  Official PlayStation Used Game Instructional Video " released shortly after the presentation . It 's 22 seconds long and features only "  Step 1 , " a man handing a disc to another man . That cheeky video had racked up more than 1.5 million views on YouTube in less than 24 hours . Microsoft did not immediately respond Tuesday to a request seeking comment . But online pundits were quick to praise Sony for landing some blows against its rival . "  As crude as it is to declare a company the ` winner ' of E3 , it 's hard to see Sony 's presentation today as anything but a PR coup ... , " Kyle Orland , senior gaming editor at CNN content partner Ars Technica , wrote Monday . "  Among some of the most influential and hardest-to-please gamers on the Internet , Sony is now the savior company that can do no wrong . They should enjoy the ride , which will last just as long as it takes for them to do something wrong . " Writing for Time , Jared Newman takes a longer view . Sony 's move is meant to preserve the future of disc-based games , at least for now , while Microsoft stands ready to kill discs entirely , moving to an almost entirely digital model , he said . Playing to what 's already comfortable for gamers was clearly part of Sony 's strategy , Newman said . "  Sony is just betting that the good will of gamers will be enough to cut Microsoft 's ambitions short , " he wrote . "  And Microsoft has some big ambitions , not just to be the best game console , but to serve as the central hub of all living room entertainment . "  It 's a gambit on Sony 's part , one that 's going to make the console wars even fiercer . "	Sony goes for gamers ' hearts with anti-Xbox announcements PlayStation 4 will allow sharing , selling used games Announcement draws sustained cheers from gaming crowd at E3 Microsoft 's Xbox One has digital-rights restrictions
CNN  -- Slovak voters have dumped their government , prompting one nationalist firebrand to warn that the country would now be run by "  homosexuals and Hungarians , " the Slovak news agency TASR reported Sunday . Slovakia 's governing center-left Smer-SD party came first in parliamentary elections , but center-right parties captured more seats overall and look more likely to be able to form the next government , TASR said , citing unofficial results . Prime Minister Robert Fico 's party actually increased its share of the vote and will have the largest number of seats in parliament by far , but will fall short of an overall majority . A potential coalition of four center-right parties looks set to control 79 seats in the 150-seat legislature . Former Prime Minister Mikulas Dzurinda 's SKDU-DS party lost three seats , but Dzurinda could return to power because his party is the biggest of the four possible coalition parties . Fico said he was willing to try to form or government or to lead the opposition , TASR reported . Jan Slota , the firebrand leader of the Slovak National Party , was less sanguine about the results . "  Homosexuals and Hungarians will begin to rule in this state , so thank you very much , " Slota said as exit polls showed his party losing power , according to TASR . "  I 'm feeling like crying because of Slovaks . Let 's wait for the  official  results ... you can see , I 'm not broken , I 'm only sad about Slovaks , " said Slota , adding : "  We 'll all cry tears of blood . " An ethnic Hungarian party , Most-Hid , looks set to win 14 seats and be part of the new government . Slovakia has a large ethnic Hungarian minority . The mountainous Central European country was part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire until World War I. Slota 's party has been in a governing coalition with Fico 's Smer-SD and the nationalist party of another former prime minister , Vladimir Meciar , since 2006 . Meciar 's party failed to secure at least 5 percent of votes Saturday , so they will not have any seats in the new parliament , TASR reported .	Center-left prime minister 's party wins most votes , but no majority Four opposition parties look able to form government Former Prime Minister Mikulas Dzurinda may return to power Nationalist firebrands warns "  homosexuals and Hungarians will rule " Slovakia
Which Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post for $ 250 million ? Was it the Bezos who helped recover two Apollo-era F-1 engines from the bottom of the Atlantic ocean this spring ? A savior capable of raising rusted heaps out of their watery graves ? Was it the Bezos who 's sunk $ 42 million into the "  Clock of the Long Now , " a timepiece that will run for 10,000 years entombed inside a man-made cavern carved into the top of a mountain outside of Ely , Nevada ? An eccentric billionaire who 'll drop vast amounts of money into , well , a hole in the ground ? Was it the Bezos who founded Amazon , the biggest store in the world , a company that has both transformed and trampled nearly every formerly brick-and-mortar industry it has entered , from books to shoes and beyond ? Or was it the Bezos whose personal investments -- in companies like Twitter , Airbnb , Makerbot , Uber and many others -- demonstrate an innate understanding of the shifting trends of the web ? Each one of those Jeff Bezoses would do interesting things to the Washington Post  well , maybe not the crazy mountain clock guy  . But as someone who spends every day thinking about the intersection of journalism and technology , I hope it was the Jeff Bezos who shepherded AWS -- Amazon Web Services -- into being . Unless you build things on the Internet , you 've probably never heard of AWS . That 's because AWS is in one of the world 's least sexy businesses : server and computational infrastructure . AWS began as a commerce problem . Amazon needed a massive server cloud for the holiday shopping season but only a fraction of it for the rest of the year . That means a lot of expensive servers would be sitting idle to make sure your Christmas presents do n't get hung up when you press "  purchase . " So the idea hatched that those idle computer servers could be rented out to other companies . It worked . Now , when you watch a movie streamed from Netflix , you 're using AWS . When you check out your friend 's picture on Instagram , read a blog on Tumblr , pin something on Pinterest , you 're accessing AWS . Reddit , the "  front page of the Internet " ? That 's built on AWS . The infrastructure of the Obama for America re-election campaign -- vaunted as the most technically sophisticated campaign in history -- relied on AWS , too . The size , scale and impact of the AWS server cloud is massive and growing . AWS is one of the most transformative and oft-overlooked technologies of the last decade . And it started as little more than a "  hare-brained scheme , " as Benjamin Black , one of the original drafters of the technology , described it in 2009 . AWS is about as "  all of the buffalo " as you get in technology : Use every part of the tech stack so that your servers are always in use , either by you or by others . With AWS , Bezos found value in every part of the process . He looked at risks and embraced "  hare-brained " experiments . He saw opportunity in extending Amazon technology externally , not just keeping it all in-house  AWS serves the streaming movies of Amazon 's competitor Netflix just as efficiently as it serves its own  . Similar to the creation of AWS , journalism has its done its share of invention and experiments that have transformed the Web . Django , a Web framework used by companies like Pinterest and Instagram , got its start in the newsroom of the Lawrence Journal-World . Backbone , a Javascript library that powers sites like Hulu and Pandora , was created as part of the Document Cloud project at the New York Times . These newsroom technologies and others like them are transformational not just to journalism but to the entire Web the same way AWS does n't power only Amazon . These spinoffs , these "  hare-brained " ideas , these bits and pieces of code that start in the newsroom and end transforming the Web itself , are what technologists in journalism do best when they have the right support and leadership behind them . That leadership is still too rare in the journalism industry . That may have changed in a big way on Monday . In a letter written to Washington Post employees , Bezos says that , moving forward , "  we will need to invent , which means we will need to experiment . " Let 's do it .	Amazon.com 's Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post for $ 250 million Dan Sinker : I hope it was the Bezos who shepherded Amazon Web Services into being He says with AWS , a transformative technology , Bezos embraced experiments Sinker : Leadership that allows journalists to invent and experiment is what we need
CNN  -- Huawei has given up its quest to conquer the market for telecom network equipment in the US , where the Chinese company 's sales efforts have been repeatedly blocked by security fears . "  We are not interested in the US market any more , " Eric Xu , executive vice-president , said at the company 's annual analyst summit on Tuesday . The world 's second-largest supplier of network gear by revenue has shifted the focus of expansion away from the US over the past year . Huawei 's decision ends an aggressive push for business in the world 's largest economy . US security officials and politicians have repeatedly identified Huawei as a threat to US national security -- an allegation the Chinese company has consistently denied . Although Huawei has done business with 45 of the world 's top carriers , it failed to get contracts from any leading operators in the US . Last month , Sprint Nextel , the third largest US mobile network operator , and its Japanese suitor , Softbank , both gave assurances to the House intelligence committee that they would not use Huawei equipment . In October , a US congressional report officially branded Huawei and ZTE , its smaller Chinese peer , a threat to national security . At the time , Representative Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , called on the US government and private sector companies to shun Huawei and ZTE . Despite its success in other markets , including the UK , Huawei has struggled in the US for years because of concerns among politicians and security officials about the military background of its founder Ren Zhengfei , a former People 's Liberation Army officer . In 2008 , Huawei retracted a bid for 3Com , a US technology company , after it emerged that the proposed deal would not gain regulatory approval in Washington . Two years later , Huawei bid for a multibillion-dollar contract to supply network infrastructure to Sprint Nextel , one of the top US operators , but lost after the US government intervened . It also failed to win bids for other US telecom assets and , in 2011 , was forced to unwind a $ 2m deal to buy patents from a US company . In response to these setbacks , Huawei launched a major US lobbying campaign . It hired a number of senior executives from ailing rivals such as Nortel and Motorola , in an effort to build a big research and development presence . Ken Hu , a senior Huawei executive , also wrote a passionate open letter calling on the US government to launch a formal investigation , which he believed would clear his company . But October 's congressional report made it even more difficult for the company to do business in the US , Huawei executives say . As a result , it has halted its expansion there . While Huawei still employs 1,400 people in the US , its R&D headcount has dropped from 800 to 500 , and the sales team has shrunk too . Executives at the company 's consumer and enterprise business-groups said they no longer consider the US to be a strategic market . Huawei on Tuesday also revised downwards the long-term outlook for its enterprise business , its youngest but fastest-growing division . William Xu , the unit 's chief executive , said its goal of generating $ 15bn in revenues from the business by 2017 -- a target set just last year -- was "  too optimistic " . The company is now aiming for just US$ 10bn . But Mr Xu still expects the unit 's revenues to grow 45 per cent this year , up from 25 per cent growth in 2012 .	China 's Huawei has ended attempts to gain access to U.S. telecoms gear market U.S. officials have argued Huawei is national security threat ; Huawei has denied Huawei is world 's second largest supplier of network gear Chinese firm failed to secure contracts with any leading U.S. telecoms operators
CNN  -- New York City is demanding that documentary filmmaker Ken Burns hand over footage of the movie he made about five men who were wrongfully imprisoned and later exonerated for the rape of a woman in Central Park . The demand is part of the city 's attempt to defend itself against multi-million dollar federal lawsuits filed by some of the "  The Central Park Five , " as the exonerated men had come to be known . Lawyers for New York City filed a subpoena demanding Burns and his production company , Florentine Films , give them the unpublished interviews and unreleased footage not used in the documentary , which premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in May . "  The plaintiffs ' interviews go to the heart of the case and can not be obtained elsewhere , " said Celeste Koeleveld , a city attorney . But Burns , along with his daughter , Sarah Burns , and her husband David McMahon , who co-wrote and produced the film , say they plan to fight . "  I 'm sorry to say we saw this coming , " said Burns . "  New York State shield laws are very specific . We are journalists , and that 's what this is . " Burns was referring to state laws designed to protect journalists from having to compromise their sources . The filmmaker says he finds irony in the city 's request for the footage because he says he and his crew had been trying to get city officials in front of the camera for interviews for years , but to no avail . "  We made every attempt , we practically begged to talk to prosecutors and police , " he said . The shield law should not protect Burns and his collaborators because they have shown many times that they were advocates and not journalists , city officials say . For example , Sarah Burns worked for two years in the law firm of one of the plaintiffs ' attorneys and Ken Burns wrote to Mayor Michael Bloomberg in 2009 , urging him to settle the case , writing the plaintiffs had "  suffered without just cause , " the New York City law office says . "  Mr. Burns and his daughter have publicly sided with the plaintiffs and their families , who are seeking hundreds of millions from New York City , " said Koeleveld , "  The movie has crossed from documentary to pure advocacy . Under such circumstances , no reasonable person could have expected us to participate in their project . " Burns , an Emmy-award winning filmmaker , disagrees . "  We did n't make an advocacy film ; we made a film about the facts of the case and that is these men were wrongly convicted , and had years of their lives stolen , " Burns said . "  One of the things that was stolen from these men was their humanity . In the media they were turned into wild beasts , a wolf pack , and we wanted to return their humanity . We 'd have been happy to do the same to others involved , if prosecutors and police had returned our calls for interviews . " The racially charged Central Park Five case dates back to 1989 . On April 19 of that year , a 28-year-old white Wall Street investment banker was jogging through Central Park when she was brutally assaulted , raped and left for dead . That same night a group of black and Latino boys had been in the park , throwing rocks at cars and assaulting people , "  wilding " as it was called in the media at the time . 2003 : Central Park jogger speaks out In the ensuing months , the investigation lead to the arrest of five of the boys . They were charged and convicted . To many it seemed like an open and shut case . Four of the young men had given taped confessions , and despite defense claims the confessions were coerced , the prosecutors , police , and what seemed like much of the American public deemed them guilty . Yusef Salaam , Antron McCray , Raymond Santana , Kharey Wise and Kevin Richardson were convicted and sentenced to prison . In 2002 , three of the convicted young men had finished their prison terms , one was on parole and the fifth was in jail on an unrelated offense when Matias Reyes , a serial rapist and murderer , confessed to the crime and said he acted alone . DNA analysis later determined that Reyes did rape the jogger and that hair evidence used in the boys ' trials did not match . Robert M. Morgenthau , the Manhattan district attorney at the time , ordered a new investigation and , on his recommendation , a judge vacated the convictions . Legal expert say the city may have a case . "  The evidence exists , the tapes and footage exists , and these people are suing the city , so you can see why the city would want to use them , " said CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffery Toobin . Toobin : Case shows injustice can happen	New York 's demand stems from an attempt to defend against lawsuits The filmmaker says he is fighting the city 's request The so-called Central Park Five case dates back to 1989
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Rapes targeting girls as young as seven are on the increase in Afghanistan where conditions for women are little better than under the Taliban , the U.N. and rights groups say . Conditions for women are little better than they were under the hardline Taliban regime , the U.N. says . In its annual report on human rights , the U.N. warned conditions were deteriorating in the war-ravaged country despite U.S.-led efforts after the 2001 removal from power of the hardline militia . "  Violence is tolerated or condoned within the family and community , within traditional and religious leadership circles , as well as the formal and informal justice system , " said Navi Pillay , the U.N. high commissioner for human rights . The "  Afghan government has failed to adequately protect the rights of women despite constitutional guarantees . " With a resurgent Taliban targeting NATO forces , government security forces and civilians , violence has been on the increase in Afghanistan . . The number of civilian casualties in 2008 totaled 2,118 -- the highest number recorded since the ouster of the Taliban in 2001 , the U.N. said , urging greater protecting for ordinary Afghans . Violence against women comes in the form of rape , "  honor killings , " early and forced marriages , sexual abuse and slavery , the report says . "  The security is the big issue , " said Suraya Pakzad , founder of the Voice of Women Organization , which promotes education and awareness of women 's rights and protects women and girls at risk in Afghanistan . "  Because of security we , unfortunately , day by day , we have to pull out of areas where last year we operated , we have our operations . We were able to work with the women , but this year we can not , " she said . "  We have to leave the area because security is getting worse day by day . " "  Rapes in the country have been growing tremendously , particularly child rapes within the ages of 9 , 8 , 7 , even lesser than that , " said Wazhma Frogh , director of Global Rights Afghanistan . "  So these are the issues that are all born by this lack of security where women have no place in ... security decisions . " Domestic violence against child brides is widespread , said Suraya Pakzad , the founder of the Voice of Women organization , who was married at age 14 and has six children . She said girls as young as 10 face "  violation " by husbands 40 years their senior . "  By the end ... women , or girls , run away . " But women without husbands , especially widows , may have it even worse in Afghanistan , the report says . Without a spouse , the women are reduced to begging to feed their children . Options outside the home are limited where the Taliban holds sway in Afghanistan . The Taliban 's interpretation of strict Islamic law , or sharia , has included banning girls from school and the workplace . Even in areas not overrun by the Taliban , women face risks outside the home . "  The assassination of the most prominent national female senior police officer , in Kandahar in September 2008 , underscores the tremendous risks faced by women in public life , " the report says .	Afghan women 's rights are little better than under Taliban , report says Rights group says girls as young as seven are regularly raped United Nations calls for better protection for civilians
CNN  -- Air raids in northern Yemen killed six operatives with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , Yemen 's Ministry of Defense said Friday . The main target was the group 's military commander , Qassim al-Raimi , the Yemeni Embassy to the United States said in a written statement . The defense ministry said al-Raimi was killed . A Yemeni government official briefed in detail on the matter said the Yemeni government is "  almost certain " that al-Raimi was killed . The official described al-Raimi as the third-highest-ranking figure in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen . The group has claimed responsibility for the attempted bombing of a U.S.-bound airliner on December 25 . Investigators have said intelligence ties the bombing suspect , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , to the group . Yemeni forces carried out an air raid at 2:30 p.m. near Alajasher in the country 's far north , the Yemeni Embassy to the United States said in its statement . "  Security authorities suspect that three of al Qaeda 's most dangerous operatives -- Ammar Ubadah al-Waeli , Ayeth Jaber al-Shebwani , Saleh al-Tayes -- may have been also eliminated , " the embassy said . "  Furthermore , counterterrorism units backed by helicopters continue to hunt down two al Qaeda operatives that escaped the air raid . " The Yemeni government official briefed on the matter said al-Shebwani was killed . He was in charge of recruiting people into the group in the Ma'areb region and was a "  very important figure , the person who provided logistical support to all foreign nationals recruited in AQAP in Yemen , " the official said . A Yemeni security official with knowledge of the case said colleagues said another operative killed was Abu Ayman al-Masri . The U.S. National Counterterrorism Center 's Web site says that after al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula emerged in January 2009 , its leadership was composed of al-Raimi and the group 's emir , Nasir al-Wahishi , both of them "  veteran Yemeni extremist leaders , " as well as two Saudis , one of whom surrendered to Saudi authorities last year . Friday 's air raid "  marks the fifth major strike on al Qaeda positions in less than a month , " the embassy said .	Group 's military commander killed in airstrike , Yemen says Qassim al-Raimi was target of raid Five other al Qaeda operatives also killed , Yemen says Copters hunt for two who survived raid
CNN  -- Police believe they found the skeletal remains of a 3-year-old Alabama boy and were charging his father with two counts of murder as they prepared to search for the man 's missing young daughter , also believed dead , authorities said Wednesday . Authorities are working to verify the remains found Wednesday near Vancleave , Mississippi , belong to Jonathan Chase DeBlase . Police believe he was killed by his father , John Joseph DeBlase , 27 , and the father 's girlfriend . Jonathan had not been seen since June , police in Mobile , Alabama , said . Investigators believe he was slain around that time . His sister , 4-year-old Natalie , was last seen in March , when authorities believe she was killed . Earlier , police had reversed the order of the last sightings of the children , but they clarified that timeline Wednesday . Police , who did not know the children were missing until November 19 , contend that the elder DeBlase allowed the girlfriend , Heather Keaton , to abuse the children by restraining them with tape , putting socks in their mouths and confining them . The boy 's skeletal remains were found about 12 miles north of Vancleave , after the boy 's father -- who is in police custody in Alabama -- gave authorities information on where the body might be buried , said Jackson County , Mississippi , Sheriff Mike Byrd . "  It was the father who gave us the general area , " Byrd told HLN . "  He was n't real sure exactly where he was . ... He claimed he had taken a lot of sleeping pills and did n't quite remember exactly where he was . " Based on that information , the sheriff 's office cordoned off a five-mile stretch along a highway and dispatched eight 10-man teams to locate the remains . The body was found about 10:30 a.m. , Byrd said . "  We 're very certain " the remains are that of the missing boy , Byrd said . "  We 're just thankful that we found this little boy . Nothing 's left but just the skeletal remains . " The body of Natalie DeBlase has not been found , Byrd said , but he indicated authorities believe it near Citronelle , Alabama , about 50 miles north of Mobile . A spokesman for Mobile Police told HLN that prosecutors are signing two murder warrants against John DeBlase . Authorities will decide in the next few days whether to charge Keaton in the deaths , Officer Christopher Levy said . Police believe both children died in Mobile , Levy said . Levy was not sure when the search for Natalie near Citronelle will begin in earnest . "  This is a one-step-at-a-time , one-day-at-a-time operation , " Levy said . "  We 've had some success with it today . We 're going to evaluate our results , then begin the next step . " Levy said he was relieved at the new findings , but said the investigation had taken a toll . "  I have kids that are of similar age and it makes me think about them while I 'm out here , " Levy told HLN . Investigators believe that after Jonathan 's death , John DeBlase , Keaton and Natalie continued to live in the Peach Place Apartments in Mobile for months , Levy said Monday . They did n't leave until the summer , after Natalie was last seen in June . "  It 's really terrible , as if nobody really cared , " Levy said of the time that transpired between the sightings and launch of the search . "  That 's what we ca n't seem to understand at this point . " Both DeBlase and Keaton are now in custody , and blaming each other for the siblings ' deaths . The investigation kicked off November 18 , when Keaton told Louisville , Kentucky , police that she needed protection from DeBlase , who she claimed was holding her against her will . According to the domestic violence petition , signed "  Heather L. Leavell-Keaton , " she said , "  I feel he may have murdered his children , because he said they were non-responsive . He would not let me check on them . " She said DeBlase had told her "  choices were made ... and he had to do what he had to do . " Keaton was arrested last week , charged with two counts of willful abuse and neglect of a child . Three days later , Randall Melville -- who for two days had been hosting DeBlase , his longtime friend -- called Santa Rosa County , Florida , police after hearing news reports about the children 's disappearance , according to a report from the county sheriff 's department . When Melville asked DeBlase about it , the children 's father yelled , "  I did n't do it " and left the home , the report said . Police eventually tracked down DeBlase , who again asserted his innocence before his arrest Friday . He had been charged with two counts of aggravated child abuse and two counts of abuse of a corpse -- the latter because , Levy said , of his "  disposing of the bodies in the woods . " DeBlase had a first appearance on the abuse charges Wednesday and a judge entered a not guilty plea , said Jim Sears , who was assigned to represent the father at the Mobile proceedings . Sears described his client as being very upset about developments . A preliminary hearing is scheduled for January 4 . On Monday , Mobile County District Judge Charles McKnight set bail for DeBlase at $ 206,000 -- $ 100,000 each for the child abuse charges and $ 3,000 for each count of corpse abuse , according to CNN affiliate WALA . According to a police complaint , DeBlase between March 1 and November 19 allowed Keaton to tape Natalie 's hands and feet , put a sock in her mouth and place her in a suitcase that was put in a closet for 14 hours . He also allowed Keaton to tape Jonathan 's hands to the side of his legs , tape a broom handle to his back , place a sock in his mouth and then make the child stand in a corner all night when the couple went to bed . DeBlase and Keaton had one infant daughter together , according to Keaton 's account in the Kentucky police report . Police said one reason Keaton claimed she needed protection from DeBlase was that she feared for the safety of the infant , who was with her in Kentucky . Levy said the two slain children 's biological mother lives in Mobile , but she did not have custody "  because , at the time , she did n't have a place to live . " CNN 's Natisha Lance , Vivian Kuo , Beth Carey and Andy Rose contributed to this report .	Father is being charged with murder Body of sister may be in Citronelle , Alabama Police are confident the remains are those of Jonathan Chase DeBlase Authorities believe the siblings were killed by their father and his girlfriend
LIMA , Peru  CNN  -- The government of Peru on Friday declared a state of emergency in a remote northern area after a clash between police and indigenous people protesting what they say is the exploitation of their native lands left a number of people dead . Alberto Pizango , a leader of the protesters , says his followers did not kill police officers . Police and indigenous protesters said separately that at least eight police and 22 protesters died . The clash took place at dawn outside the northern province of Bagua in the Department of Amazonas as police attempted to break up a roadblock on the 59th day of protests . Foreign Minister Jose A. Garcia Belaunde told CNN en Espaol that the state of emergency was ordered to give the government the opportunity to re-establish order and reopen talks with the protesters . Under the state of emergency , the army can be called on to maintain order . "  Look , the use of force is legitimate , " he said . "  Today , what we have received in response were gunshots -- directed at police helicopters , killing eight or nine police . " But Alberto Pizango , the principal leader of the indigenous group , said his followers could not have been responsible for killing any police , because they were armed only with stones and arrows . He said the demonstrators had been pursuing a peaceful protest . Authorities have not confirmed the number of civilian deaths . The director general of the police , Jose Sanchez Farfan , said government buildings in Bagua had been looted and set aflame . Though a congressional commission has recommended the repeal of the laws rejected by the native communities , President Alan Garcia supports those that allow using the lands , maintaining that the richness of the Amazon belongs to all Peruvians and that a significant percentage of natural areas are already protected . "  These people do n't have crowns , " he said about the protesters . "  These people are n't first-class citizens who can say -- 400,000 natives to 28 million Peruvians -- ` You do n't have the right to be here . ' No way . That is a huge error . " Garcia called Pizango a criminal . Several days ago , Garcia announced an arrest warrant had been issued for Pizango , who is accused of inciting his followers to violence . Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde contributed to this story from Lima .	Violence flares as police attempt to break up a roadblock Government declares state of emergency in remote northern area Indigenous people protest what they call the exploitation of their native lands Peruvian president says land belongs to all the people of the country
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Only a few states have laws that adequately equip teen victims of dating violence with tools for protection and safety , according to a new report from a watchdog group . Twenty-three states received sub-par grades in a report focusing on state laws focusing on protective orders . The report by Los Angeles , California-based Break the Cycle includes state-by-state report cards that measure how each state treats teen victims of dating violence in comparison with the treatment of adult domestic violence victims . Only five states -- California , Illinois , Minnesota , New Hampshire and Oklahoma -- received As , while nine states received B 's . Twenty-three states received sub-par grades , including 11 getting Fs . "  I think what the state report cards are telling us is that states have a long way to go before they are protecting minors in abusive relationships , " Marjorie Gilberg , Break the Cycle 's executive director , told CNN Radio . The report focuses on how easy it is for a teen to obtain a protective order in the event of abuse , including whether state law allows a minor to take out an order , if adult permission is required and whether an order can be issued against another minor . New Hampshire , which got an A , is the only state where the law specifically allows minors to apply for a protection order , according to the report . Missouri , which got an F , makes such orders available only to adults . See how the different states scored " Nine states allow minors to obtain protective orders without adult approval if they meet certain criteria , such as being a minimum age , often 16 , or having a specific relationship with the abuser , such as having a child together . "  What we hope to achieve with this is to call out the states that are not doing a good job protecting minors and help people in those states call on their legislators to make change , " Gilberg said . One in five teens who have been in a "  serious relationship " report being hit , slapped or pushed by a partner , according to the National Teen Dating Abuse Helpline . One in three girls who have been in such a relationship say they 've been concerned about being physically hurt by their partner . Gilberg said that since the 2008 report cards came out , several states worked to change their laws to address the rights of minor victims in domestic violence statutes , though some were more successful than others . This year 's report noted that eight states improved their grades . Among them , Florida jumped from a D to a B for making protective orders "  relatively accessible " to teen victims without an adult 's approval if they are dating the abuser . The process was described as "  extremely difficult " the previous year because state law did not specify whether a minor could petition for one alone . "  Even when you have an A grade , " Gilberg said , "  you still can do things to make the law more protective of minors who are in teen dating violence relationships . "	Report focuses on ease with which teens can obtain protective orders New Hampshire is only state that allows minors to apply for a protection order Nine states let minors obtain orders without adult approval under certain criteria One in five teens who 've been in a "  serious relationship " report being hit by partner
Washington  CNN  Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples in the same way they would all other customers , even if they have religious objections . A new CNN/ORC poll finds 57 % feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples , while 41 % say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons . That 's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall , which found just 49 % thought businesses ought to be required to serve same-sex couples while 47 % that they should be allowed to refuse service on religious grounds . Since the Pew poll last fall , Indiana 's Religious Freedom Restoration Act , signed into law in late March by Republican governor Mike Pence , sparked a nationwide controversy over whether the law allowed wedding-related businesses to refuse service to gay and lesbian couples . Apple , Walmart and the NCAA all spoke out against the law , while some states and cities with Democratic leaders barred spending public money in Indiana . Pence and other Indiana legislators insisted discrimination was not the law 's intent and a bill to change the original law was signed in early April . In the CNN/ORC Poll , most Democrats  70 %  and independents  60 %  say wedding-related businesses should be required to provide services to same-sex couples as they would different-sex couples , while Republicans break broadly the other way , 67 % say religious reasons are a valid justification for refusing service . Full poll results Looking at Republicans and independents who lean toward the Republican Party , 60 % in that group say wedding-related businesses should be allowed to refuse services to same-sex couples , but there are sharp divides within that group by age and ideology . Moderate and liberal Republicans and Republican-leaners broadly say wedding-related businesses should be required to serve all couples the same way  58 %  while three-quarters of conservative Republicans favor allowing a caterer or florist to refuse service for religious reasons  74 %  . Among Republicans and Republican-leaning independents under age 50 , 56 % say wedding-related businesses should be required to serve same-sex and different-sex couples the same way while among those age 50 or older , 72 % think they should not be required to do so . The big gay wedding cake quiz Age differences hold across party lines , but the generation gap among Republicans and Republican-leaners is larger than that among Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents . Overall , white evangelicals are broadly in favor of allowing businesses to refuse service for religious reasons - 62 % say they should be able to . But among whites who are not evangelicals , 61 % say such businesses should be required to provide services to all couples the same way . The shift from the Pew Center results comes across demographic lines . Men , women , whites , younger adults and senior citizens all are more apt than in the Pew poll to say wedding-related business should be required to serve same-sex couples as they do others . The CNN/ORC International poll was conducted by telephone , April 16-19 , among a random national sample of 1,018 adult Americans . Results for the full poll have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . Michigan auto repair shop says yes to gun owners , no to homosexuals	Most Americans say businesses should not discriminate against same-sex weddings Public opinion has shifted on the issue since last fall Indiana passed and later changed its religious freedom law after public outcry
Washington  CNN  -- The Hilton hotel chain has reached an agreement with the federal government to make changes in about 900 hotels nationwide to further accommodate guests and visitors with disabilities , the Justice Department announced Tuesday . The agreement covers the Hilton hotels built since passage of the Americans With Disabilities Act in 1993 . It includes making changes to Hilton-owned hotels under a variety of trade names including the Waldorf Astoria , Embassy Suites , Hampton Inn , Doubletree and Homewood Suites . Government lawyers had alleged Hilton failed to provide an adequate number of accessible rooms , failed to disperse accessible rooms among the various categories of available accommodations and failed to provide individuals with disabilities the ability to reserve accessible rooms through its reservation system . The allegations also claimed Hilton facilities had failed at times to provide individuals with disabilities the accessible sleeping accommodations that they had reserved . The Americans With Disabilities Act "  protects the right of people with disabilities to stay in accessible hotel rooms , and to reserve those hotel rooms through the same convenient systems as everyone else , " Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights Thomas Perez said in a statement . The Justice Department stressed that Hilton had cooperated throughout the investigation . In a statement released by the corporation , its top executive promised to take steps to enhance accessibility "  at hotels with the Hilton Worldwide network , on its websites , and through its reservation system . " "  Hilton Worldwide is pleased to take further steps to provide our guests with disabilities the accessibility in accommodations they expect from an industry leader , " said Christopher Nassetta , president and CEO of Hilton Worldwide .	U.S. Justice Department announces the agreement Hotels built since the 1993 passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act are covered The accusations include a failure to provide enough disabled-accessible rooms
CNN  -- A week of Nobel Prize announcements comes to a climax on Friday with the unveiling of the winner of the Peace Prize , perhaps the world 's most prestigious award . But who 's going to win it ? Guessing can be tricky , not least because the names of the nominees are secret . We do know that there are a record number of nominees this year , since committee head Geir Lundestad has said 199 individuals and 38 organizations are in the running . And the Norwegian Nobel Committee seems to like springing surprises . Few had heard of Iranian lawyer Shirin Ebadi before she won the prize in 2003 , or of Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai before she got it the following year . And while practically everyone has heard of the 2009 Nobel Laureate , President Barack Obama , practically no one expected him to win the prize within a year of taking office . That said , it 's always fun to guess , so here are some of CNN 's top contenders : Liu Xiaobo : The leading Chinese dissident was sentenced to 11 years in prison late in 2009 for inciting subversion of state power . He 's the co-author of Charter 08 , a call for political reform and human rights , and was an adviser to the student protesters at Tiananmen Square in 1989 . His sentencing prompted a groundswell of support for him from former Peace Prize laureates and perennial contenders . Vaclav Havel , the hero of Czechoslovakia 's 1989 Velvet Revolution  who never won the Nobel Prize  , retired South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu  who did , in 1984  and the Dalai Lama  1989  were among a group of intellectuals who publicly urged the Nobel Committee to give the prize to Liu shortly after he was sentenced . American writer Kwame Anthony Appiah , the head of the American PEN center , a literary and human rights organization , nominated Liu in January , he said . ' The Wall Street Journal reported in February that Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said it would be "  totally wrong " for "  such a person " to win the Nobel Peace Prize , and that the comment was later scrubbed from the official transcript of the briefing . The Irish bookmaking Paddy Power has already paid out on bets for him to win the prize , it announced Wednesday after a surge in betting led it to suspect that information had leaked . Memorial : Born of the violence and repression that accompanied the final days of the Soviet Union , the Russian human rights group now focuses on monitoring "  hot spots " or conflict zones within the country -- a task that has proven deadly . The group 's leading activist in Chechnya , Natalya Estimirova , was kidnapped and murdered in July 2009 . She was shot in the head and the chest , and her body was dumped in the neighboring Russian republic of Ingushetia . Estimirova had worked in Chechnya for more than 10 years and had openly criticized Chechnya 's Moscow-backed president , Ramzan Kadyrov , and his methods . Her murder outraged human rights activists worldwide . Human Rights Watch , the Committee to Protect Journalists , the European Union and the United States were among those appealing to Russia to conduct a transparent investigation of the crime . Mary Robinson : The first woman to be president of Ireland went on to be the U.N. high commissioner for human rights , a post she held from 1997 to 2002 . After she left the United Nations , she founded a new organization , Realizing Rights , which aims "  to put human rights standards at the heart of global governance and policy-making and to ensure that the needs of the poorest and most vulnerable are addressed on the global stage . " Robinson also is a member of the Elders , a group of leading statesmen and stateswomen brought together by former South African president Nelson Mandela -- himself a Nobel Laureate -- to support peace building and try to address the major causes of human suffering . The 13 current , former and honorary Elders include six Nobel Peace Prize winners . Robinson trained as a lawyer and has argued cases before the European Court of Human Rights , the European Court in Luxembourg , and Irish courts . Morgan Tsvangirai : The longtime leader of the opposition to Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe entered an uneasy power-sharing agreement with his rival in 2009 , becoming prime minister . Tsvangirai has led the Movement for Democratic Change since 1999 , surviving three assassination attempts , beatings and imprisonment . He rejects the charge that he "  sold out " or gave legitimacy to Mugabe with the power-sharing agreement . "  The country was confronted with chaos and anarchy . We rescued our country and saved it in order to have the long-term stability that we are looking for , " he told CNN last month . He continues to press for "  a credible and legitimate election " in Zimbabwe , he said . Sima Samar : The chairperson of Afghanistan 's Independent Human Rights Commission , Samar is a medical doctor who fled Afghanistan when its communist regime arrested her husband in 1984 . She remained in exile until 2002 when she was appointed as a women 's affairs minister in Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's transitional administration . She 's done work on human rights around the world , not only in Afghanistan . She served as the United Nations special rapportuer for human rights in Sudan from 2005 to 2009 , and was considered for the post of U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , according to an organization which tries to predict Nobel Peace Prize winners . "  She has been under frequent attacks both from conservative religious leaders and from Islamist radicals , and she is a prominent voice for the rights of women , " the Peace Research Institute Oslo said , adding that she "  does invite respect by being a principled and outspoken proponent of human rights and the need for a true reconciliatory process . " PRIO is not connected to the Norwegian Nobel Institute , which chooses the winners . Its director , Kristian Berg Harpviken , also considers the Democratic Voice of Burma news agency and the Special Court for Sierra Leone to be top contenders . CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout , Robyn Curnow and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Mario Vargas Llosa says he is surprised and "  very grateful " Prizes in medicine , physics and chemistry have already been announced The Peace Prize will be announced Friday Last year 's literature winner was Romanian-born Herta Mueller
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian police foiled a plot by Marxist guerrillas to assassinate the nation 's defense minister , according to President Alvaro Uribe . Colombian President Alvaro Uribe says authorities foiled an assassination plot against the country 's defense chief . Ten guerrillas dressed as police planned to infiltrate the family farm of Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos over Easter week and kill the official and his family , Uribe said Thursday on national television . The guerrillas , who belong to the FARC , the Spanish acronym for Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , were captured , Uribe said . Uribe thanked and congratulated federal authorities , saying , "  This investigation had been proceeding for several months , and fortunately the National Police has dealt this well-placed blow . " Police Director Oscar Naranjo said eight of the guerrillas were captured at a property near Santos ' farm in the municipality of Anapoima , 54 miles  87 kilometers  from Bogota , the capital . Officials did not reveal where the other two guerillas were captured . The FARC , the largest and oldest guerrilla group in Colombia , has been waging war against the government since the 1960s . Security analysts have said the FARC has about 9,000 to 12,000 armed guerillas and several thousand supporters , mostly in rural areas . The guerrilla group operates mostly in Colombia but has carried out extortion , kidnappings and other activities in Venezuela , Panama and Ecuador , analysts said . The guerrilla group is known to pull off audacious operations , sometimes dressed as police , soldiers or other government officials . On April 11 , 2002 , a 20-member commando group dressed in police and military uniforms faked a bomb alert at the parliament building in Cali , Colombia 's third-largest city . They tricked 12 congressmen into getting on a bus by telling them the military provided it for their safety . They then drove off , taking the congressmen into captivity . Eleven of those congressmen died in June 2007 during a shootout between military and the FARC . The sole surviving congressman , who was released in February , said the FARC shot the hostages when the soldiers approached .	Plot was against Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , president says Ten guerrillas planned to kill Santos ' family , President Alvaro Uribe says Members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia were captured , Uribe says
CNN  -- Tales of war leave out half the story much of the time : Women . Now that attention is turning to what women endure during war , it is time to ensure they get a say in the peace . In 1951 , Eric Hoffer wrote , "  Though ours is a godless age , it is the very opposite of irreligious . The true believer is everywhere on the march , and both by converting and antagonizing he is shaping the world in his own image . " The true believer is everywhere in "  In the Land of Blood and Honey . " The film forces its audience to consider the cruelty men are capable of visiting upon one another and what nobility and humanity people share while enduring horror beyond the imagination 's capacity to digest . How those instincts exist hand-in-hand , forced into intimacy in the suffocating confines of war 's madness , and what little it takes for the true believer to ignite the darkest hollows of men 's souls are the subject of "  In the Land of Blood and Honey , " actress and director Angelina Jolie 's film on the Bosnian war . People do not want to know what men have been capable of , because it shows us the horror of which true believers are capable . But this film refuses to look away . And viewers should n't either , because bearing witness matters , and there is much for all of us to remember . Among the most unforgettable points : the cruelty meted out to women simply to send a message of war . "  In the Land of Blood and Honey " focuses on two characters , one a young woman sent to a "  rape camp " in Bosnia . Viewers might want to think this did not happen or could not happen , but of course the film 's relentlessly painful point is that it did , less than an hour 's flight from Vienna . Such violence continues today in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Sri Lanka , as the International Crisis Group recently noted . And in the PBS series "  Women , War & Peace , " viewers experienced the painstaking process of bringing Bosnia 's perpetrators to justice at the International Criminal Tribunal for Yugoslavia , the first tribunal to define sexual enslavement as a crime against humanity . Men in fancy conference rooms in government capitals , the United Nations and think tanks around the world rarely focus on the civilians caught in the crossfire , trapped in a hell they had no role in creating . As rape becomes increasingly relied upon as a weapon to humiliate , destabilize and exercise power , women 's bodies become the battlefield between two warring sides . Not only do they get no say in war , they must pay its price in excruciating detail . This trend has only become more apparent as the very nature of war has changed from state-on-state to intra-state conflict . According to the Human Security Report Project , in 1989 , governments accounted for 75 % of deaths resulting from organized campaigns against unarmed civilians . In 2008 , that figure fell below 20 % . "  Non-state groups , responsible for 25 percent of one-sided-violence fatalities in 1989 , perpetrated over 80 percent of the deaths in 2008 . " Recently , the United States unveiled its National Action Plan on Women , Peace , and Security  PDF  . In the report , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton outlined her plan to "  accelerate , institutionalize , and better coordinate " efforts to "  advance women 's inclusion in peace negotiations , peace-building activities , and conflict prevention ; to protect women from sexual and other kinds of violence ; and to ensure equal access to relief and recovery assistance , in areas of conflict and insecurity . " The numbers show rather abundant room for improvement :  According to UN Women , women have accounted for fewer than 8 % of all peace negotiators in the past 20 years .  Women account for fewer than 3 % of peace treaty signatories during the same period .  Of 300 peace agreements UNIFEM analyzed , just 18 mentioned sexual-based violence .  According to Michelle Bachelet , former president of Chile and now head of UN Women , "  in actual budget terms , the U.N. allocates only about 5 percent of its post-conflict funds to addressing women 's post-conflict needs . " One of UN Women 's goals , she noted , is to boost that figure to 15 % . The Nobel Peace Prize awarded to Liberian President Ellen Sirleaf Johnson , activist Leymah Gbowee and Yemeni activist Tawakkol Karman sent a message that , according to the head of the Nobel committee , "  we can not achieve democracy and lasting peace in the world unless women obtain the same opportunities as men to influence developments at all levels of society . " Now it is up to the world to decide whether its wallet and its political will replace lofty words . Change can not happen unless women are seen not only as victims of war , but as participants in peace and stability . The numbers show that when they are present they make a difference . When women have a seat at the table and a share in the power , man-made horrors such as the rape camp so vividly depicted in "  In the Land of Blood and Honey " may be less likely to return . Let us hope that the world is at last ready to stop simply pitying women and prepared to start investing in them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gayle Tzemach Lemmon .	Gayle Lemmon : Angelina Jolie 's movie about Bosnian war confronts war 's cruelty The movie shows how raping women has become a global weapon of war , Lemmon says Lemmon : Horrific cruelty toward women used to humiliate , exercise power over opponents She says women must be part of peace processes and their plight acknowledged
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British television audiences will be shown an assisted suicide for the first time Wednesday , when a documentary is aired about a man taking his own life at a Swiss clinic . Craig Ewert , along with his wife Mary , hears final instructions from Dignitas escort Arthur Bernhard before taking a fatal dose of barbiturates . The documentary for broadcaster Sky will show the final moments in the life of 59-year-old Briton Craig Ewert , a retired university professor , as he takes a lethal dose of sedatives under medical supervision . The father-of-two had been diagnosed with motor neurone disease -- a rare condition caused by the breakdown of nerve cells in the brain that control the muscles -- five months before his death at Swiss euthanasia clinic , Dignitas . He decided that he did n't want to continue suffering as a prisoner in his own body . Ewert 's story follows a number of high-profile assisted suicide cases in the UK -- where the practice is illegal -- in recent years , with opinion divided as to whether those involved should face prosecution . What 's your view ? Click here to comment With this in mind , we answer some of the main questions related to the practice . What is assisted suicide ? This is where the person who is going to die needs help to kill themselves and asks for it . It may be something as simple as getting drugs for the person and putting those drugs within their reach . It differs slightly from euthanasia , which involves the deliberate killing of a person for the benefit of that person . What are the laws on assisted suicide in the UK ? Assisted suicide is currently illegal in the UK , with the 1961 Suicide Act making it an offence to "  aid , abet , counsel or procure the suicide of another . " Helping somebody to die carries a prison sentence of up to 14 years . Have people been prosecuted here for assisting suicide ? No . A decision by Britain 's Crown Prosecution Service on December 10 effectively ruled out the prosecution of families who assist in such "  mercy killings , " when it decided no charges would be brought against the parents of a paralyzed rugby player . Daniel James , 23 , died with the aid of his parents in a Dignitas assisted suicide clinic last year after deciding he was no longer able to live with the injuries he sustained playing rugby at university . Watch more about the case " In a landmark decision , Director of Public Prosecutions Keir Starmer said there was "  sufficient evidence " to prosecute the couple , but that it would not be in the public 's interest to do so . In a statement he pointed to the fact that Daniel , "  as a fiercely independent young man , was not influenced by his parents to take his own life and the evidence indicates he did so despite their imploring him not to . " Has there been a push to change the law in the UK ? The issue was brought to widespread attention in 2002 when Diane Purdy , a terminally ill woman , failed in a legal bid for her husband to be allowed to help her take her life without fear of prosecution . Her lawyers had argued that under the European Convention on Human Rights , which guarantees the right to respect for private life and bans inhuman and degrading treatment , she should be allowed to die with dignity , rather than face the distressing final stages of her disease . She eventually died in a hospice in Luton , England . Since then several attempts to legalize assisted suicide in the UK have been rejected . The most recent , in 2006 , was defeated in the House of Lords -- the country 's upper house in parliament -- by 148 votes to 100 . In Scotland , which has its own legal system , veteran MP Margo MacDonald has launched a campaign to legalize the practice . MacDonald , who suffers from Parkinson 's disease , said people should have the right to choose the time and place of their death . She hopes to bring legislation before Scotland 's parliament next year . Why can it be done in Switzerland ? Who does it ? Swiss charity Dignitas was founded in 1998 and has helped hundreds of people across Europe to commit suicide . Dignitas takes advantage of Switzerland 's liberal laws on assisted suicide which suggest that a person can be prosecuted only if they are acting out of self interest . Campaigners see the absence of a complete ban on assisted suicides as tacit permission to proceed - although their stance has never been tested in the Swiss courts . The charity is run by lawyer Ludwig Minelli , who believes that he is helping people "  die with dignity . "	Final moments in the life of 59-year-old Briton Craig Ewert shown on TV Ewert , a motor neurone disease sufferer , went to Swiss assisted suicide clinic Assisted suicide is illegal in Britain and carries 14-year prison term No-one in the UK has been prosecuted under the 1961 Suicide Act
Washington  CNN  -- Secretly accessing phone records of journalists . IRS targeting of conservative groups . Misleading statements last year about the Benghazi terrorist attack . News headlines of the past week portray an administration engulfed in potential scandal , providing opponents of President Barack Obama with plenty of ammunition to try to derail his agenda in the early months of his second term . The scenario invites comparisons to previous presidents who faced controversies in their "  lame duck " second terms , such as the Iran-Contra scandal of the Reagan administration and Bill Clinton 's impeachment for perjury and obstruction of justice in the Monica Lewinsky scandal . However , a rocky start to a second term does n't mean certain derailment of a president 's goals or agenda . For example , Reagan and Clinton both signed major fiscal legislation during their lame duck terms , noted Howard Kurtz , the host of CNN 's "  Reliable Sources . " Despite increasingly strident rhetoric from Republican leaders and others , White House spokesman Jay Carney insisted Tuesday the controversies have little connection to Obama 's second-term agenda . "  The president is focused on what he believes the American people expect from him and from their leaders in Washington , " he told reporters , citing campaign issues from his re-election last November such as economic growth , expanded opportunities for the middle class and immigration reform . In question is whether Republicans intent on focusing attention on potential scandal will be willing to work with Obama and Democrats on such major legislation . Already , the president has seen stiff GOP opposition derail gun legislation he proposed in the aftermath of the Connecticut school massacre . Full details of the controversies remain unknown , but the issues are certain to continue to dominate Washington in coming days . Carney spoke as Attorney General Eric Holder announced a Justice Department investigation of whether any laws were broken in the IRS political targeting . Congress also is looking into the matter , with a House committee hearing scheduled for Friday . The embattled Holder , cited for contempt of Congress by House Republicans during Obama 's first term over the botched "  Fast and Furious " gun walking program , also confirmed that he recused himself last year from his department 's investigation of classified leaks that led to the recent secret subpoenas of telephone logs of The Associated Press . According to the AP , U.S. officials have said they were probing how details were leaked in May 2012 about a foiled bomb plot that targeted a U.S.-bound aircraft , and that the Justice Department collected two months of telephone records for some AP reporters and editors without notifying the news organization . The Republican National Committee called for Obama to demand Holder 's resignation over the matter . If not , said RNC Chairman Reince Priebus , it will show that "  the president of the United States believes his administration is above the Constitution and does not respect the role of a free press . " Even Democrats such as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada condemned the secret subpoena of AP phone records . "  I do n't know who did it , or why it was done , but it 's inexcusable , and there 's no way to justify this , " Reid told reporters . Meanwhile , Republican senators characterized the IRS political targeting as a broad abuse of power by the administration . "  I have never seen anything quite like this except in the past during the Nixon years , " veteran Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , told reporters in an allusion to the Watergate scandal that led to President Richard Nixon 's impeachment and resignation . Carney rejected such GOP statements as political hyperbole , but also sought to distance the administration from the roiling issues . "  I understand the natural inclination to try to bunch some of these things together , but there really is a distinction here , " he said . He refused to discuss specific details of the Justice Department 's subpoena of AP telephone records , citing the ongoing criminal investigation of the classified leak . At the same time , he described Obama as desiring a balance between protecting classified information vital to national security and the First Amendment right of a free and unfettered press . Carney also avoided specific comment on IRS political targeting , saying it would be inappropriate until the upcoming release of an inspector general 's report on the matter . He noted Obama 's remarks to reporters on Monday that if the reported allegations of political targeting proved true , they would be "  outrageous " and require immediate action against those responsible . However , Carney criticized the continuing GOP focus on the administration 's response in the immediate aftermath of the Benghazi attack last September 11 as a "  sideshow that 's driven purely by or largely by political interests . " The Benghazi issue has renewed GOP criticism of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , considered the certain Democratic frontrunner if she decides to run for president in 2016 . In particular , Republicans accuse the administration of not bolstering security prior to the attack , of botching the response to it , and of misleading the public in its slow-to-evolve explanation of events less than two months before the November election . After the GOP-led House Oversight Committee held a hearing last week on the attack that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans , Republican politicians and organizations launched a campaign that sought to raise questions about Clinton 's role as the nation 's top diplomat at the time . An independent review of the Benghazi incident , led by Former Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen and former ambassador Thomas Pickering , found no wrongdoing by Clinton . CNN 's Chief National Correspondent John King noted that history shows popular politicians can overcome links to scandal . In 1988 , Democrats tried to use the Iran-Contra scandal of the Reagan administration , which involved weapons sales to Iran that funded anti-communist rebels in Nicaragua , against then-Vice President George H.W. Bush , he said . The scandal involved an attempted cover-up , televised congressional hearings , criminal charges and resignations , but in the end , Bush won the presidential vote . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	History shows second term presidents can make progress despite problems Republicans are intent on focusing attention on administration controversies The White House accuses the GOP of playing politics on some issues One potential scandal involves the secret subpoena of journalists ' phone records
CNN  -- One Harbaugh will win Super Bowl XLVII . Another will lose it . That much is guaranteed after the San Francisco 49ers , coached by Jim Harbaugh , and the Baltimore Ravens , led by his brother John Harbaugh , beat their respective foes in conference championship games Sunday . Those wins mean the Harbaughs will be the first siblings to face off as head coaches in the NFL 's title contest and , in fact , for any major U.S. professional sports championship . Both teams rallied from halftime deficits on the road to earn berths in the Super Bowl , which will be played February 3 in New Orleans . Baltimore did it by reeling off 21 straight points to overcome Tom Brady and the New England Patriots . It was sweet revenge for the Ravens , who lost last year 's nail-biter AFC Championship to the same Patriots foe on the same Gillette Stadium field in Foxborough , Massachusetts . A few hours earlier , the 49ers rallied from a 17-0 hole to defeat the Atlanta Falcons , who had posted the best regular season record in the NFC . John Harbaugh joked to reporters , after the Ravens ' win , that he and his brothers had a "  few dreams " -- one of which may have been meeting up in the Super Bowl -- as well "  as a few fights ... just like all brothers . " "  We 'll let the two teams duke it out , as much as possible , " John Harbaugh said , smiling . The Baltimore coach then made a point to talk about how proud he was of his brother Jim , as well as how much he admired the San Francisco team . "  I 'd like to think that when you look at  the  two teams , you 're looking at mirror images , " John Harbaugh said , referring to the Super Bowl foes . "  It 's going to be a great football game . " Baltimore 's dominant second half leads to win Beyond their recent playoff history , Baltimore and New England matched up earlier this season -- one in which the Ravens came back from a late 9-point deficit , winning on a last-second field goal by Justin Tucker . Still , victory Sunday evening was hardly guaranteed . New England had the superior regular record , not to mention a storied playoff pedigree having played in five Super Bowls in the past 11 years . They also had Brady , who last Sunday passed Joe Montana as the quarterback with the most playoff wins ever . And the Patriots started out strong , jumping to a 3-0 lead and -- after a Baltimore score -- entering halftime up 13-7 . But the second half was all Baltimore . The Ravens scored touchdowns on their first three possessions , two of them on Joe Flacco touchdown passes to receiver Anquan Boldin . Meanwhile , the vaunted Patriots offense sputtered , hurt especially by a Stevan Ridley fumble and two Brady interceptions . Baltimore ended up winning 28-13 . "  We came here last year and left with a bitter taste in our mouths , " Baltimore 's Boldin told reporters after the game . "  We felt like this team took something away from us . And we wanted to come back and make that right . " 49ers rally , hold on for 28-24 victory Led by quarterbacks Montana and Steve Young , San Francisco was one of the NFL 's top franchises through much of the 1980s and 1990s . But the 49ers have n't been in the Super Bowl in 1995 , and their 2000s were marred by mostly losing regular seasons . The team 's fortunes , however , have turned since the 2011 hiring of Jim Harbaugh , a former NFL quarterback himself who 'd been coaching at nearby Stanford . The next season , they made it to the NFC Championship , only to fall to the eventual Super Bowl winners , the New York Giants . On Sunday , trailing by three scores midway through the second quarter , San Francisco rallied for two quick touchdowns -- one on a LaMichael James 11-yard run , the other on a four-yard reception by tight end Vernon Davis . Still , Atlanta maintained its slim advantage -- in part thanks to a missed field goal and a fumble by the 49ers Michael Crabtree just inches from the end zone -- into the fourth quarter . But then , running back Frank Gore scored from nine yards out to put San Francisco ahead 28-24 . At this point , there were still just over eight minutes left in the game . Atlanta -- paced by quarterback Matt Ryan , known as "  Matty Ice " for his strong play in the waning minutes of games -- made a run . With just over a minute to go , the Falcons got within striking distance of the goal line . But San Francisco defenders broke up two straight passes , effectively sealing the win . After the game , San Francisco linebacker Patrick Willis said the 49ers prevailed because they refused to give up and stuck together as a team , just as they have all season long . "  One thing about our team all year long is that we continue to fight , " Willis told Fox , which broadcast the game . "  We have an unbelievable team . "	NEW : Baltimore 's John Harbaugh says he admires his brother Jim , the 49ers ' coach The two will be the first brothers to face off , as coaches , for a major U.S. sports championship San Francisco rallies from a big deficit to beat Atlanta 28-24 in the NFC Championship game Baltimore shuts out New England in the second half , winning 28-13 to reach the Super Bowl
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Western nations should "  ratchet up the sanctions " on Iran rather than go through with a proposal for a nuclear agreement that he calls an "  extremely bad deal . " Netanyahu , in an interview with CNN chief political correspondent Candy Crowley that aired Sunday on "  State of the Union , " said easing sanctions would take off the financial pressure that could one day cause Iran to "  cease and desist " from its controversial nuclear program . "  Iran is really on the ropes , their economy is ... close to paralysis , and all of a sudden , you take off the pressure , everybody will understand that you 're heading south , " he said . Netanyahu said Iran only gives minor concessions in the proposed deal and will keep the capacity for making nuclear weapons . He said he is hopeful for a far better deal . The way to get that is not to reduce sanctions , he said . "  I think they should not only keep up the pressure , I think you should increase the pressure , because it 's finally working , " he said . "  And if you give it up now , when you have that pressure , and Iran does n't even take apart , dismantle one centrifuge , what leverage will you have when you ease the pressure ? " The United States and other nations are "  getting close " to an interim deal with Iran that would prevent its nuclear program "  from advancing , and roll it back " in key areas , a senior U.S. administration official told CNN on Friday . Netanyahu will meet this week with leaders from France , Russia and the United States to urge them to hold out for a better deal . Netanyahu said U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will visit Israel on Friday , but the State Department said the trip has yet to be confirmed . Netanyahu met Sunday with French President Francois Hollande and is scheduled to visit Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow on Wednesday . "  I would like to make it clear that there can be disagreements even among the best of friends , certainly on issues related to our future and our fate , " Netanyahu said Sunday at the start of Israel 's weekly Cabinet meeting . "  I hope that we will succeed in convincing our friends this week and in the days afterwards to achieve a much better agreement . " Russia says now is time to make deal with Iran on nuclear program "  If you do a bad deal , you may get to the point where your only option is a military option , " he told Crowley . "  So , a bad deal actually can lead you to exactly the place you do n't want to be . I think if you want a peaceful solution as I do , then the right thing to do is ratchet up the sanctions . " U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel , in an exclusive interview with CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr , said Saturday night the United States is "  listening carefully " to Israel . He reiterated that Washington is continuing its longtime strategy to ensure that Iran can not gain the capability of building nuclear weapons . He said the U.S. is considering different options to accomplish that goal . But he said it would be irresponsible if the two sides in the negotiations did n't pursue diplomatic engagement while considering Israel 's concerns . "  What we have been trying to do , and are doing , is working through these difficult issues , " he said Saturday at the Reagan National Defense Forum in Simi Valley , California . "  We think that there is some possibility  of an agreement  -- although we 're very clear-eyed on this . We understand every danger and dimension of what Iran represents to Israel and us , and our other partners in the Middle East . " Hagel said the United States -- and Iran -- understand that there is the possibility of a military strike from a potentially isolated Israel . "  We would never tell Israel , or any country , a sovereign nation , an ally , a very close partner and friend as Israel is , that they ca n't do something , " he said . "  They will do whatever they think is necessary to defend their own interest . " During the forum , which brought together defense experts and lawmakers , Hagel said the U.S. wo n't sign a bad deal . "  This administration is not going to try to force something that does n't fit to get a deal . We wo n't do that , " he said . "  The stakes are too high for our country and for the world . " There was plenty of skepticism at the forum about the proposed agreement with Iran . Much of that skepticism was led by key Democrats , including Hagel 's predecessor , Leon Panetta . He was concerned about what will happen with the already enriched nuclear fuel , with thousands of centrifuges , with a heavy water reactor under construction in Arak , Iran . "  And how of all of this going to be inspected and verified ? " Panetta said to CNN . Britain 's David Cameron makes 11th hour push for Middle East contracts Is trust enough when it comes to Iran ? The powerful chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee said no . "  I love the slogan ` Trust but verify , ' but I 've never understood it . Because I think the right slogan is ` Do n't trust , ' " Sen. Carl Levin said during the panel discussion . "  I do n't trust the Iranians -- and by the way , they do n't trust us . " The proposal covers every aspect of Iran 's nuclear program , including uranium enrichment , uranium stockpiles and all nuclear facilities including military ones , the senior U.S. administration official told CNN on Friday . The deal will be on the table during the next round of talks in Geneva , Switzerland , that begin Wednesday evening . Iran has always maintained that its nuclear program is purely for peaceful purposes . Even though Iran has denied working toward nuclear weapons , it has said it will not submit to any plan that would totally eliminate its nuclear program . The U.N. 's nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , has found some modest progress . Iran has halted the installation of new advanced centrifuges , which are quicker at generating highly enriched uranium , according to an IAEA report . Iran has support from Russia , whose foreign minister said Saturday on Russian TV that the opportunity to bring about an end to a decade-long standoff must not be passed up . "  Our common impression is that there is a very good chance now which should not be missed , " Sergey Lavrov said in remarks broadcast on state-run TVC . The United States , along with the four other permanent members of the U.N. Security Council and Germany -- known as the P5 +1 -- came close to a deal during recent talks with Iran in Geneva , but the discussions ended with each side blaming the other for the lack of an agreement . Iranian diplomacy underscores Obama 's search for legacy	Israeli PM says sanctions are working , should n't be reduced for a ` bad deal ' Benjamin Netanyahu says Iran makes only minor concessions in new proposal U.S. , Israel to meet this week after nuclear negotiations restart with Iran U.S. defense secretary tells CNN that Washington is aware of Israel 's concerns
CNN  Here in London , you can tell that the U.S. presidential election is only about 600 days away because every restaurant here seems to contain a senator or a governor . Why do they come to Britain ? Whatever their motivation , nine times out of 10 they wish they had n't . Most recently , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker visited Chatham House -- a gorgeous foreign policy study center in Westminster . There he was asked if he believed in evolution or not . Why , I can not fathom . Either way , Walker refused to answer , which probably seemed like a clever thing to do in the heat of the moment . But while an equivocation that might simply sound awkward in America , it sounded off-the-wall crazy in London . Why ? Because for us it is like being casually asked "  Does two plus two equal four ? " and replying , "  I 'd rather not answer a hypothetical question . " One does n't dodge an invitation to assert fact in the UK . Scott dodged , and because the audience laughed gently at him in English accents , it made him look all the more like a country bumpkin . American politicians have to stop doing this . Go to Israel instead : there the applause lines are well scripted and all the audience expects to see you do is pray with moist eyes . In contrast , England is somewhere that American political careers go to end . We 're too judgmental , too passive aggressive , too weird . Even we do n't like ourselves -- so I 've no idea why Americans fly here seeking a warm welcome . Consider how horrible we were to Mitt Romney . Of course , from our point of view he was n't very nice to us either . In July 2012 , he showed up in London and began by casting doubt on our ability to host the Olympics  something we very much doubted , too , but were n't going to take criticisms from a foreigner  . Then he appeared to forget the name of the leader of the opposition and called him "  Mr. Leader " instead  we 'd all like to forget his name , but sadly , it is etched on our memories thanks to his ineptitude  . Finally , Romney said that it was curious to look out of the "  backside of Number 10 Downing Street "  "  backside " is English for "  ass "  . For all of this , London Mayor Boris Johnson taunted Mitt in front of a large British crowd -- and Boris is the closest you get to a politician we actually like . So Mitt 's humiliation was a big deal . It 's all part of a pattern . Politician comes to Britain , opens his mouth , says something foolish . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's remarks about vaccinations were probably a little too parochial to cause a stir in in the UK media , but Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal 's about Muslims certainly did . Speaking to the Henry Jackson Society -- a neoconservative British group who are fans of the late senator -- he revived the claim that there are "  no-go " areas in the UK as a result of Islamic immigration . But while there certainly are no-go areas here , it 's because they 're just horrible and no one  Muslim , Jewish , Christian or anyone else  would want to go there . Every nation has its Detroits , but the idea that my country has become a patchwork of little caliphates is sheer fantasy . Is there a political bias in all of this ? Do Republicans make particularly bad travelers ? Not necessarily . Partly what 's going on here is that there are far more GOP contenders than Democratic ones , so it 's the conservative mistakes that get noticed the most . But there might also be some truth in the assertion that the British enjoy tripping Republicans up more . Why , otherwise , would someone ask Scott Walker whether or not he believes in evolution when he 's in the UK on a trade mission ? Hillary or Bill Clinton would never be asked such a question . Make no mistake , our largely left-wing media sees the GOP as a Hollywood clich of the old Wild West -- so it 's no surprise that its candidates get all the strangest questions . But that , I would argue , is one more reason for Republicans to cross Britain off their places to visit . Another is our decline in importance . You see , we 're not nearly as superior as we like to make ourselves out to be . We 've cut our defense spending and chosen not to take part in half of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . We contributed nothing towards the recent Ukrainian ceasefire negotiations because we are , in the opinion of some , irrelevant . Meanwhile , the decline of religion in this country is fast , but while we like to imagine it has brought enlightenment , the reality is probably that it has brought social dislocation and despair . Our poor are so poor that they rely upon free food handouts . And our politics can be as frustrating and fractured as America 's -- we have a buoyant far right to prove it . So my advice for any other presidential candidates considering a visit to London is to take a second look at the map . China matters rather more . Australia is a better vision of conservative government . Germany runs Europe these days . And , of course , there 's a lot happening in Russia right now , too ...	Timothy Stanley : U.S. politicians becoming regular feature in London Candidates considering visit to London should take second look at map , he says
ZHOUSHAN , China  CNN  -- They operate from a bare apartment on a Chinese island . They are intelligent 20-somethings who seem harmless . But they are hard-core hackers who claim to have gained access to the world 's most sensitive sites , including the Pentagon . The leader of these Chinese hackers says there "  is always a weakness " on networks that allows cyber break-ins . In fact , they say they are sometimes paid secretly by the Chinese government -- a claim the Beijing government denies . "  No Web site is one hundred percent safe . There are Web sites with high-level security , but there is always a weakness , " says Xiao Chen , the leader of this group . "  Xiao Chen " is his online name . Along with his two colleagues , he does not want to reveal his true identity . The three belong to what some Western experts say is a civilian cyber militia in China , launching attacks on government and private Web sites around the world . Watch hackers ' clandestine Chinese operation " If there is a profile of a cyber hacker , these three are straight from central casting -- young and thin , with skin pale from spending too many long nights in front of a computer . One hacker says he is a former computer operator in the People 's Liberation Army ; another is a marketing graduate ; and Xiao Chen says he is a self-taught programmer . "  First , you must know about the Web site you want to attack . You must know what program it is written with , " says Xiao Chen . "  There is a saying , ` Know about both yourself and the enemy , and you will be invincible . ' " CNN decided to withhold the address of these hackers ' Web site , but Xiao Chen says it has been operating for more than three years , with 10,000 registered users . The site offers tools , articles , news and flash tutorials about hacking . Private computer experts in the United States from iDefense Security Intelligence , which provides cybersecurity advice to governments and Fortune 500 companies , say the group 's site "  appears to be an important site in the broader Chinese hacking community . " Arranging a meeting with the hackers took weeks of on-again , off-again e-mail exchanges . When they finally agreed , CNN was told to meet them on the island of Zhoushan , just south of Shanghai and a major port for China 's navy . The apartment has cement floors and almost no furniture . What they do have are three of the latest computers . They are cautious when it comes to naming the Web sites they have hacked . On camera , Xiao Chen denies knowing anyone who has targetted U.S. government Web sites . But off-camera , in conversations over three days , he claims two of his colleagues -- not the ones with him in the room -- hacked into the Pentagon and downloaded information , although he would n't specify what was gleaned . CNN has no way to confirm if his claim is true . "  They would not publicize this , " he says of someone who hacks the U.S. Defense Department . "  It is very sensitive . " This week , the Pentagon said computer networks in the United States , Germany , Britain and France were hit last year by what they call "  multiple intrusions , " many of them originating from China . At a congressional hearing in Washington last week , administration officials testified that the government 's cyber initiative has fallen far short of what is required . Most alarming , the officials said , there has never been a full damage assessment of federal agency networks . Watch Pentagon bans Google from bases " "  We are here today because we must do more , " said Robert Jamison , a top official in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security . "  Defending the federal system in its current configuration is a significant challenge . " U.S. officials have been cautious not to directly accuse the Chinese military or its government of hacking into its network . But David Sedney , the deputy assistant secretary of defense for East Asia , says , "  The way these intrusions are conducted are certainly consistent with what you would need if you were going to actually carry out cyber warfare . " Beijing hit back at that , denying such an allegation and calling on the United States to provide proof . "  If they have any evidence , I hope they would provide it . Then , we can cooperate on this issue , " Qin Gang , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , said during a regular press briefing this week . But again off-camera , Xiao Chen says after the alleged Pentagon attack , his colleagues were paid by the Chinese government . CNN has no way to independently confirm if that is true . His allegations brought strenuous denials from Beijing . "  I am telling you honestly , the Chinese government does not do such a thing , " Qin said . But if Xiao Chen is telling the truth , it appears his colleagues launched a freelance attack -- not initiated by Beijing , but paid for after the fact . "  These hacker groups in my opinion are not agents of the Chinese state , " says James Mulvenon from the Center for Intelligence Research and Analysis , which works with the U.S. intelligence community . "  They are sort of useful idiots for the Beijing regime . " He adds , "  These young hackers are tolerated by the regime provided that they do not conduct attacks inside of China . " One of the biggest problems experts say is trying to prove where a cyber attack originates from , and that they say allows hackers like Xiao Chen to operate in a virtual world of deniability . And across China , there could be thousands just like him , all trying to prove themselves against some of the most secure Web sites in the world . E-mail to a friend	Chinese hackers claim to have broken into Pentagon 's system The hackers met with CNN on an island near a Chinese naval hub Hackers say Beijing secretly pays them at times , something the government denies Official : "  The Chinese government does not do such a thing "
CNN  -- West , Texas , is n't just a town . It 's a family . That 's why it hurt so much one year ago Thursday when an enormous explosion at a fertilizer plant claimed 15 lives while destroying 120 homes and damaging 200 others across 37 blocks , shattering windows well beyond that . The blast was earth-shattering , registering on seismographs as a 2.1-magnitude earthquake and shaking homes 50 miles away . The 10-foot crater the blast left behind pales in comparison to the holes left in the hearts of the town 's 2,800 residents . "  No one 's life was untouched , " says Mimi Montgomery Irwin , owner of the Village Bakery , a local gathering spot . Everyone felt the blast : Those who buried loved ones and the neighbors who consoled them . The displaced students learning Shakespeare in trailers because their schools were condemned . Homeowners left without a home and the friends who took them in . Mayor Tommy Muska is "  not surprised at all " by how his community came together . Some might attribute this spirit to the resiliency of the Czechs who helped settle and still help define the community . Others may credit the strong faith of its residents . Or it may be a product of life in a place where everyone knows everyone and wo n't leave their neighbors behind . It 's telling that , in a town of 2,800 , very few left . "  Residents  pulled themselves up , shook themselves off and started moving forward . " Muska says . "  They just did what needed to be done . " Thanks to this hard work , this unity , these values -- not to mention well-placed , much-needed government assistance -- the mayor says , "  We 're going to have a new normal someday . " But that day is n't here . And the old normal in West is n't coming back . Newly released video shows moment of deadly blast War zone now a construction zone Still , the evidence is everywhere that West is rising again . It is happening brick by brick , shingle by shingle , prayer by prayer . What once looked like a war zone is a construction zone . Already , 25 new homes are finished , with about 60 others nearing completion , according to the mayor . A new emergency services facility has replaced a tiny construction trailer . Work has begun on rebuilding the West Rest Haven , a nursing home and once one of the town 's biggest employers . Downtown storefronts , which last year had boarded windows , are bustling with business . "  We can see something happening , " says Dr. George Smith , West 's director of emergency medical services . "  There is light at the end of the tunnel . " The view was hard to envision that fateful Wednesday night last spring . Smith was in West Rest Haven , where he is medical director , when the building 's ceiling and windows collapsed on him . Somehow , he and the facility 's residents were able to escape . The very next morning , city officials , including the mayor and several council members who themselves had been left homeless , went to work . Nonprofit groups from the Red Cross to faith-based groups to volunteers who just wanted to help flocked to the small town . In the three days after the blast , the Texas A&M Veterinary Emergency Team treated more than 120 animals -- horses , sheep , chickens and a cow and her calf in the field , household pets like dogs , cats , rabbits , even a bearded dragon -- says spokeswoman Angela Clendenin . Twelve months later , authorities still have n't pinpointed the cause of the blast , but an electrical malfunction , a spark from a golf cart or an intentional act have n't been ruled out . For now , the state fire marshal 's office and the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives will only say their joint investigation "  is active and ongoing . " While nothing publicly has changed on the investigative front since May , the status of federal assistance took a big step forward in August when President Barack Obama 's administration issued a disaster declaration that paved the way for funding for things like new infrastructure and millions of dollars for new schools . When they open in fall 2015 , those new school buildings will be better than what they replaced . There will also someday be a park and memorial . The 120-bed nursing home is expected to be state-of-the-art . New infrastructure and homes likewise will be improvements . As Smith notes , "  In the long run , we 're actually going to be better " as a town in many ways . Muska concurs , while in the same breath adding : "  Anything we get as a benefit for this is too much a price to pay for the 11 firemen , two civilians who helped out and two civilians killed . " Loss of lives hits small town hard In a community full of strong people , the mayor said among the strongest are the 13 women who lost their husbands . "  They are doing as well as can be expected , " Muska says , acknowledging that Thursday 's memorial may reopen some of the wounds . "  It 's not going to ever go away . The sting of losing a loved one radiates long after they are gone . " Adds Montgomery Irwin , whose bakery specializing in kolaches and other Czech foods is a frequent meeting place for residents , "  Time does heal . But you do n't forget . " Even with reconstruction abounding , she adds , "  From an emotional standpoint , it seems like it was just yesterday . " Some say the tragedy contributed to more than the initial loss of life . West Rest Haven 's residents dispersed to about 10 facilities after the explosion , leaving their friends and caretakers behind . Over the past year , these elderly people died at about twice the rate that would have been expected , Smith says . "  People ask me if it had anything to do with the explosion , " he says . "  And I say , ` Yes , it certainly does . ' " The loss of the nursing home did n't just affect its residents . Emil "  Sonny " Fridel , 91 , misses his almost daily trips to visit friends at West Rest Haven and misses the weekly masses there , according to his daughter , Mary Ann Kubacak . A reunion a few months ago cheered up the nursing home 's former residents , as did the recent groundbreaking on the new facility . Their feelings are similar to many others displaced by the blast , Smith says : "  Most of them want to get back to West as soon as possible . " Ray Snokhous lost two cousins , both firefighters , in the explosion . A lawyer who returned a decade ago to West , where his father had been the town blacksmith , Snokhous says , "  It 's difficult to put into words " how his and other families are able to rebound emotionally . But reflecting on the town 's history of settlers who fled oppression in Europe and of sending men like himself , a Korean War veteran , to serve in the U.S. military , Snokhous said the people of West have shown their resilience time and again . "  We 're survivors , " said Snokhous , who is the Czech Republic 's honorary consul general in Texas . "  And we are also fighters . ... God gives us a wake-up call every so often , and we respond to it . " ` We will put it back together ' Residents say their faith has been instrumental in understanding and dealing with last April 's tragedy . Montgomery Irwin says the anniversary falling so close to Easter -- with its message of resurrection and renewal -- is especially appropriate for the people of West . Snokhous lauds not just his own Catholic church , but churches of other denominations that helped heal the mourning community . "  What I have seen is a community come together like  one  could have never imagined , " he says . " ... We have the blessings of the life remaining . And we will put it back together . " Whoever one talks to , that word -- community -- comes up again and again . Notes Kubacak , who grew up in the town and still visits regularly , "  The people of West have always helped each other . " Montgomery Irwin was living and working in New York , where she was a vice president in Macy 's marketing division , after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . The scale of the destruction and suffering was immense , but even then there were many people in the city who did n't know anyone personally affected . That 's not true for West , to which Montgomery Irwin returned seven years ago after her father 's death . It 's still a place where everyone seemingly runs into each other every day , be it at her bakery , the supermarket , the hardware store or church . A lot of people do n't readily complain or ask for help , but they now more than ever realize their neighbors will open their doors , wallets and hearts when it 's needed . What 's most different now is that , through this terrible tragedy , people the world round have gotten to know West . It 's not just a town on the east side of I-35 , a dot on the map between Dallas and Austin . "  People know now that West is truly a place , " says Montgomery Irwin . "  And actually , quite a special place . " CNN 's Jason Morris and Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report .	15 died , hundreds of homes destroyed or damaged in West , Texas , blast last April Official : Death rate higher for displaced nursing home residents after explosion Since then , many homes have rebuilt ; so , too , will the nursing home , 2 schools "  We 're going to have a new normal someday , " mayor says
Philadelphia  CNN  -- "  Good afternoon , " Megan Zor calls out over the din of the seventh-grade English class taking their seats inside Mastery Charter School 's Shoemaker Campus . "  Good afternoon , " the class repeats before reciting the school 's code of conduct . A hush comes over the room when Zor holds up three fingers , signaling a student to stop talking , her compact frame pacing across the front of the classroom . "  We 're not speaking , " she scolds , her face stern . Zor 's no-nonsense approach is the Mastery way , and motto : "  Excellence . No Excuses . " And that teaching style is getting results : Better test scores , more college-bound students . But in other Philadelphia communities , student walkouts and community unrest are raising questions about charter-based turnaround programs . Some said their public schools have n't been given a chance to succeed . Some do n't trust charter school operators . Similar debates are happening in school districts across the country , from Providence , Rhode Island , to Los Angeles . Nationwide , more than 1.6 million public school students attend nearly 5,000 publicly funded , independently operated charter schools . Charters were first established in Pennsylvania in 1997 , and there are now 135 charter schools with more than 50,000 students . Success in Philly In 2005 , the School District of Philadelphia asked the Philly-based charter school operator Mastery Charter to take over some of the city 's violent , low-performing schools , including Shoemaker . Since then , Pennsylvania state test results show that Shoemaker 's seventh-graders are scoring 80 % proficient in math and 66 % proficient in reading , up from 16 % in math and 20 % in reading . It will graduate its first class this year . Senior Leroy Hayes attended Shoemaker before Mastery took over , when it was a failing middle school on the city 's north side . "  If the school stayed the same , I would not be going to college , " said Hayes , who will attend the University of Vermont with a partial cycling scholarship in the fall . "  When I was in middle school at Shoemaker , I did n't really care about even going to high school . All I cared about was going out there and making that money . " Mastery 's academic gains caught the attention of President Barack Obama , who recognized the charter school provider in a speech to the National Urban League in July . In September , talk show host Oprah Winfrey , through her Angel Network , gave Mastery Charter $ 1 million to continue its teaching efforts in Philadelphia . The gift came on the eve of the release of the controversial documentary "  Waiting for Superman , " which touted charter schools as a possible solution to public education 's biggest problems . Today at Shoemaker , droves of students wearing a uniform of white polo shirt and khakis quietly make their way down the hallway during the change of classes . As they pass the dean 's office , an oversized hand-painted poster of Winfrey watches over them . "  My students have just as much potential as every other student in the country , regardless of what ZIP code they were born into , regardless of what social-economic level they were born into . And , our students the past five years have proven that , " said Zor , a former traditional Philadelphia public school teacher turned co-founder of the Shoemaker Campus . "  There 's no debate around it anymore . " In January , the district announced 18 public schools were slated for turnaround as part of the city 's Renaissance Schools Initiative . Six more schools will become charter schools , two of them overseen by music mogul Kenny Gamble 's Universal Companies . Universal Companies received a $ 500,000 planning grant from the U.S. Department of Education to develop a Promise Neighborhood within an impoverished area of south Philly . The area will offer intensive social services for children with the aim of improving educational outcomes . Audenried High School in South Philadelphia is on the list . Universal pledges to revamp Audenried and create a neighborhood similar to the Harlem Children 's Zone , led by Geoffrey Canada , which is designed to keep student on track through college by focusing on a specific geographic area while providing a comprehensive range of services . Some students , teachers and community members are n't sold on the plan . Another school , another debate Audenried was closed by the school district in 2005 because of its failing status . After erecting a new building and hiring new staff , it reopened as a public school with a clean slate in 2008 . This year , Audenried students took state standardized tests for the first time since it reopened , but results are n't in yet . According to the district 's predictive assessment , Audenried has 37 % of students proficient or advanced in math and 38 % proficient or advanced in English . Still , many thought the new school and staff were making great strides . Some are n't convinced charter schools can solve their problems , and they 're leery of Universal , which has operated in the city since the 1990s but has never before operated a charter high school . The Obama Administration 's "  Race to the Top " program encourages charter school expansions , but the Center on Reinventing Public Education warns that that the schools are n't an automatic success . According to a 2009 National Charter School Research Project report , "  States and localities can use charter schools as a tool for better schools , but they must be prepared to close charter schools when they fail to succeed . Some states rarely close a charter school ; others consider it a regular and necessary function . " Hope Moffett , an English teacher at Audenried , was shocked to learn her school would be converted to a charter school . "  It 's a short-term solution for a long-term problem , " Moffett said of the charter takeover . "  In the end you will underserve more students in the future . " Students and parents were upset , too , saying it was too soon to label Audenried a failure . "  Recognizing that a ` one-size fits all ' approach would not yield maximum results , I encourage parents and community members to take an active part in the process , " Superintendent of Schools Arlene Ackerman said in a statement regarding the changes . Participate they did . In February , frustrated Audenried students staged a walkout , saying they had been displaced enough already and did not want to convert to a charter operated by Universal . The walkout was one of three protests in a single week by district teens upset that their schools were slated for overhauls . Eva Reeves , a junior at Audenried , led her classmates in protest . Although not totally opposed to charter takeovers , Reeves said her school has the right mix of student and teachers and fears the new operators will disrupt their progress . "  We should have a say in what they were trying to do to our school , " she said . "  Just because it turns into a charter school does n't mean it 's going to be a good school . " Moffett , who allowed her students to leave school to attend the protest rally , was removed from the classroom after the walkout . The district said her actions endangered students . Moffett waited out the suspension in the district 's "  rubber room " while officials decided her job status . She returned to her classroom in March . "  There was no justification for why they considered Audenried a failing school , " she said , adding that the decision was made before standardized tests scores were available . There are more challenges ahead for Pennsylvania schools , too . In April , the district announced that it stands to lose $ 292 million in funding , or 10 % , if Gov. Tom Corbett 's state budget is passed . The overall school operating budget would be reduced from $ 3.2 million to $ 2.7 billion . As a result , Philadelphia would need to cut the work force by more than 3,800 positions , including 1,260 teachers and a 50 % personnel reduction at district headquarters . "  This is unprecedented , " Michael Masch , the district 's chief financial officer , said at a recent school board meeting . "  But we have to balance the budget . " Reeves ' grandfather and community activist , Charles Reeves , is concerned the district and Universal do not have the best interests of the students in mind , but are more interested in saving money or making money . He was removed from the recent school board meeting where the district voted to approve Universal 's takeover of Audenried after he spoke without registering . "  I will die and go to hell before I sit back and let them pull this trick they trying to pull on us , " Reeves said . "  They just gon na tell people they gon na give  Universal  a public school in September ... for what ? " Eva Reeves , who will enter her senior year in a high school under new management , said she will continue speaking out . "  I would like for Audenried to be just left alone the way it is , " she said . "  We wo n't be silenced . "	Mastery Charter School 's Shoemaker Campus has seen big rise in students ' test scores Some students , parents do n't want their schools taken over by charter school operators Student protest leader : "  We should have a say in what they were trying to do to our school " The debate over charter schools is happening in communities across the country
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's life began on August 29 , 1958 , as the seventh child in a family crowded into a tiny home in Gary , Indiana . His mother remembers "  a sweet little child " who showed unusual empathy for others and who was born to sing and dance . Katherine Jackson , 83 , shared intimate stories about her son 's early days when she testified earlier in the trial of her lawsuit against AEG Live , the concert promoter she accuses of liability in his death four years ago . Her lawyers are asking a juror to award Jackson 's mother and three children at least $ 1.6 billion to replace the lost income they argue he would have earned touring the world if he had not died while preparing for his comeback concerts on June 25 , 2009 . Jackson would have just completed a world tour of his "  This Is It " shows and likely would have begun making movies with his children Prince , Paris and Blanket if he had lived to see this 55th birthday Thursday , according to testimony in the trial . Nurse details Michael Jackson 's fatal search for sleep Michael Jackson 's humble start as the son of a steel mill worker in a large family is a remarkable contrast to the pop icon who spent lavishly , but also set world records for giving to charity . Their first home had just two bedrooms , a living room , a kitchen and a small utility room for the washing machine and freezer . Michael and his four older brothers slept in stacked bunk beds in one bedroom , the parents in the other , while the daughters slept in the living room , the Jackson matriarch testified in an earlier court session . The mother made some of their clothes , watched newspapers ads for sales and visited the Salvation Army store for shoes . "  We made it that way , " living pay day to pay day , she said . When father Joe Jackson was laid off from his steel mill job he would go out of the city to farms to pick vegetables that his wife would can and store . "  Every year we would buy a quarter of a cow or half of a cow and keep it in the freezer , " she said . "  And that 's how we survived . " Young Michael saved his "  little pennies and nickels " to buy candy and cookies , but he would n't eat it all , his mother said . "  He liked to play ` store man . ' He would take it and put it and set up a little store , and all the kids in the neighborhood would come and buy from him , and he felt like he was the store man . " When older brother Marlon became ill , 3-year-old Michael held his hand and cried , she said . Michael 's musical talents were obvious at a very early age . "  He was born that way , " she said . "  When all the kids were dancing around , he was in my arms , and he could n't be still . He was dancing , too , to the music . And when he started to walk , he would still dance . " She 's told the story of Michael 's interaction to her "  old , rickety washing machine , a Maytag . " "  It would make a rhythm noise , like ` squeaky , squeaky , katum , katum , ' something like that , and he would be down there dancing , sucking his bottle to the squeaking of the washer , " she said . "  And I knew he was going to be -- he just loved music , and he loved to dance . " The family 's old television set helped bring the brothers together as a singing group , she said . "  Sometimes it would break down , " his mother said . And sometimes they would not have money to get it repaired . "  And that 's when the children first started singing . We would sing together , sing old country songs , folk songs . " Michael was five when he joined his brothers in talent contests at local high schools . "  They had got so that they won all the contests -- every time there was a contest , " she said . When their group needed a name for an advertisement , their mother came up with "  The Jackson Brothers 5 . " But the woman who was writing the ad suggested she "  cut that a little short and name it ` The Jackson 5 , ' " she said . "  And I thought it sounded better . " Michael 's first solo performance was when he sang "  Climb Every Mountain " in a kindergarten program when he was five , she said . "  I was so nervous when he walked out on the stage , because he was always shy . He started singing the song , and he sang it with such clarity and did n't miss -- not flat or anything . " His paternal grandfather , who was in the audience "  cried like a baby , looked around , and I was crying , too , " she said . "  He got a standing ovation for his performance and he was n't nervous . I was shocked . I think he must feel more at home on stage . " Older brother Jermaine was the Jackson 5 's lead singer from the start , but their mother told her husband it should be Michael . "  I told him Jermaine needed help , and I told him Michael could help him , " she said . "  He did n't believe me , so I forced him to listen . And that 's how Michael got the job . " The boys rehearsed in their living room . "  We would push all the furniture back on the walls , and they would dance and set up the drums and things and rehearse right there , " she said . Instead of moving to a larger house as the family grew , they used any extra money to buy musical instruments . Katherine Jackson made their performance costumes . Michael was nine when Motown signed the Jackson 5 to a recording contract and moved the boys to California , she said , While much is made about Michael Jackson missing out on a normal childhood because of the constant touring and recording , his mother 's stories suggest he always found a way to have fun . Jackson recorded the title song for the 1972 film "  Ben " -- a story about a young boy and his rat friend . "  He liked that song because he liked rats , " his mother said . "  I can remember a story that we went to Beverly Hills to have dinner and we were eating . Michael kept pulling his coat up and putting crumbs into his pocket . I said ` What are you doing ? ' and he held it up and he had a rat in his pocket . He was feeding it . I was really upset with him . " Katherine Jackson was not in court Thursday to hear the day 's testimony because she was in Gary for her son 's birthday celebration .	Katherine Jackson shared stories of her son 's early days in testimony earlier in the trial Michael 's first public solo was "  Climb Every Mountain " in a kindergarten program "  He sang it with such clarity and did n't miss -- not flat or anything , " his mother says Thursday would have been Michael Jackson 's 55th birthday
Maroua , Cameroon  CNN  -- Flooding in Cameroon 's Far North Region has killed nearly 30 people and affected more than 26,000 others , officials said Monday . More than 4,000 people in the Logone and Shari division were displaced , and more than 22,000 people in the region of Maga , Mayo-Danay division , also have been affected . Communication Minister Issa Tchiroma Bakary described the flooding as "  a calamity , " and he called for urgent action to save lives , livestock and property . Dana FM , a local radio station , said the death toll will grow as bodies are collected and identified . For the past few weeks , there has been no sign of the flood easing . The floodwaters have submerged areas like Benoue , Faro , Louti and Mayo . Homes , crops and barns have been destroyed and herds of livestock killed . Heavy rainfall that has lasted nearly a month has fractured the Lagdo Dam , causing the Benoe River to flood nearby villages . Cameroon 's government has dispatched a military contingent to the area to help and evacuate victims , and the government of Morocco sent food and other aid Saturday . Aid agencies like Plan International Cameroon and the United Nations Population Fund are concerned about the potential spread of infectious diseases such as cholera and malaria . About 3,000 people have been hospitalized , and tents have been erected to house victims . Demian Toh , a Red Cross official , told CNN that food supplies are running low and the tents are inadequate for the tens of thousands of displaced flood victims . Toh said there were serious concerns about malnutrition among women and children . In 2010 , flooding in northern Cameroon triggered an outbreak of cholera that claimed nearly 6,000 lives , according to official estimates . In neighboring Nigeria , dozens of dead bodies have been found floating in remote areas of Adamawa state . Officials there are blaming Cameroon for not alerting them before excess water was released from the Lagdo Dam . The disaster is being called the worst flooding in Cameroon in more than 60 years . Opposition party member Paul Ayah Abine said the casualties and the insufficient aid given to the thousands of victims show clearly that the government has a fragile emergency unit that can not predict and respond quickly to natural disasters .	Nearly a month of heavy rain has destroyed homes , crops and barns , killed livestock The death toll is expected to grow as bodies are collected in the country 's Far North Region A dam fracture has caused a river to flood villages Government response criticized as aid trickles in to flood victims
