CNN  -- Fans of "  Pawn Stars " will be seeing a lot less of Corey Harrison . The star of the hit History Channel reality show has shed more than 190 pounds after having weight loss surgery , according to People magazine . Harrison , whose show follows the exploits of his family 's pawn shop business in Las Vegas , Nevada , told People he was moved to have lap band surgery in 2010 after his weight ballooned to 402 pounds and his doctor prescribed him medication to prevent diabetes . "  I literally drove straight from the doctor to the lap band center and had the surgery almost immediately , " he said . "  Back then , the surgery was too expensive for my bank account , so I had to pay with four credit cards , but it was something I had to do -- I was not going to get diabetes ! " Harrison said he initially lost 50 pounds and has continued to lose over the years . He now weighs 210 pounds and says he is way more active . "  I 'm actually excited to go to the gym now , " he said . "  I box 12 rounds a day five days a week . "	Harrison had weight loss surgery in 2010 He said fear of diabetes convinced him These days he works out five days a week
CNN  -- A New Zealand teenager has been questioned in connection with a scheme by hackers to remotely take over more than 1 million computers worldwide and use them for criminal activity , New Zealand police and the FBI said Thursday . FBI Director Robert Mueller says botnets are "  the weapon of choice for cyber criminals . " The FBI has identified at least 2.5 million unsuspecting computer users who have been victims of so-called "  botnet " activity . Hackers install viruses , worms and other attack programs that allow them to take over the computers and use them to commit cyber crimes . Industry numbers suggest there are as many as 5 million infected computers . The FBI tracked down the teen and believes the 18-year-old , known by the cyber alias "  AKILL , " was the ringleader of an international botnet group know as the "  A-team , " responsible for infecting more than 1 million computers . Authorities seized computer equipment and questioned the teen , said New Zealand Police Detective Inspector Peter Devoy , but the person has not been identified , arrested or charged . Watch how botnet attacks occur " Internet addresses and information furnished by the FBI led to the teenager , Devoy told CNN . "  Today , botnets are the weapon of choice for cyber criminals , " said FBI Director Robert Mueller in a statement . "  They seek to conceal their criminal activities by using third-party computers as vehicles for their crimes . " Personal computers can be compromised when users open an attachment , click on an advertisement or give personal information to a "  phishing " site , or a fake site that looks legitimate . The FBI advises users to protect themselves by updating their anti-virus software , installing a firewall , using non-common passwords and avoiding suspicious e-mail attachments and advertisers ' links . In 2005 the FBI launched Operation Bot Roast to combat botnet attacks , which the bureau estimates have caused $ 20 million in losses and theft , including one scheme that bilked a Midwest financial institution out of millions . Since June , eight people have been charged or convicted of crimes related to botnet activity . Between January and June , Symantec Corp. , a leading computer security company , detected more than 5 million bot-infested personal computers carrying out at least one attack a day , according to the company 's September report . That was a 17 percent decrease form the previous reporting period , according to Symantec , which said hackers appeared to be abandoning the technique because of strengthened security and law enforcement initiatives . China had the most infected computers at 29 percent , followed by the United States at 13 percent , Symantec reported . However , 43 percent of the servers used by hackers to operate the hijacked computers were located in the United States , Symantec said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : Internet addresses and information furnished by the FBI led to the teen FBI believes New Zealand teen was the ringleader of the "  A-team " Botnet attacks cause $ 20 million in losses and theft , the FBI estimates Symantec detected more than 5 million bot-infested personal computers this year
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Ann Nixon Cooper , the Atlanta centenarian whose name Barack Obama invoked in his post-election speech as a symbol of America 's struggles and progress , died Monday . She was 107 . In his victory speech in Chicago , Obama said of Cooper , who was African-American : "  She was born just a generation past slavery ... when someone like her could n't vote for two reasons -- because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin . "  At a time when women 's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed , she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot . " When Obama was sworn in as president , Cooper called it one of the greatest days of her life . "  There was a time when they thought they could just kick us around , " she said on Inauguration Day . "  Now , it has changed . " Cooper , who was just 19 days shy of her 108th birthday , died at her home surrounded by loved ones , friend Sally Warner told CNN . Cooper was born in Shelbyville , Tennessee , in 1902 and grew up in Nashville with uncles and an aunt who worked as domestic help for wealthy whites . She married Albert Cooper , a prominent dentist , in Nashville in 1922 , and the couple moved to Atlanta , where they raised four children and were members of black society . She co-founded a Girls Club for African-American youths and taught community residents how to read in a tutoring program at Ebenezer Baptist Church , where the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. preached . "  Our days and nights were just social affairs , " she recalled to CNN in 2008 . Celebrities , including the late singer Nat King Cole , dropped in to visit . Three of Cooper 's four children have died ; her surviving daughter , who was by her mother 's side Monday , is 84 . When asked about the secret to her longevity , Cooper told CNN , "  I do n't know how it happened , but being cheerful had a lot to do with it . I 've always been a happy person , a giggling person -- a wide-mouthed person ! " To young people , Cooper offered this advice : "  Keep smiling . No matter what , you get out and vote . Vote your choice . "	Ann Nixon Cooper died at her home 19 days shy of 108th birthday During inauguration , Obama spoke of Cooper as symbol of America 's struggles , progress When Obama was sworn in as president , Cooper called it one of the greatest days of her life Cooper told CNN the secret to long life was "  being cheerful " and a "  happy person "
He 's known as "  Asian golf 's John Daly " but Kiradech Aphibarnrat made a name for himself with his first European Tour victory on Sunday . The 23-year-old won the rain-shortened Malaysian Open by one shot from former European Ryder Cup star Edoardo Molinari to become only the fourth Thai player to win on the circuit . A burly big hitter , he is said to resemble Daly , who twice won major titles before his career went off the rails due to his various addictions . Aphibarnrat , however , has no such off-course issues , though he has been struggling with a thyroid problem according to the Asian Tour website . "  I 'm so happy this week . I 'm proud of myself and for my family . I almost won here a few years ago  he tied for third in 2010  and finally I made it . I 'm so happy , " he said . The co-sanctioned tournament was reduced to three rounds due to bad weather , and the final day was also disrupted by storms . Aphibarnrat had a one-shot lead after 15 holes when play was halted for two hours , but held his nerve after the resumption as he narrowly avoided a water hazard on 17 and and had to sink a 15-foot putt to par . He was able to drop a shot at the last for the biggest victory of his career and a $ 458,330 first prize that put him top of the Asian Tour money list , with a 54-hole total of 13-under-par 203 . "  During the suspension , I could n't eat anything . I was so excited , " said Aphibarnrat , who completed a second round of four-under 68 before closing with a 70 . "  When I walked out , everything was shaking , even my voice . My caddy told me to just concentrate , just two more holes . I 'm lucky that I played only 54 holes . Otherwise , I am so tired due to the weather and the golf course . " Molinari watched on , knowing that if he had earlier done better than par at 18 he would have been in a playoff . The Italian had made the halfway cut for the first time in six starts this year since returning from a worrying wrist injury , and was pleased with the improvements he has made under new swing coach Sean Foley -- who also works with Tiger Woods . "  It 's mixed emotions because I 'm very happy to have a good week for the first time in a long time . The swing changes are starting to pay off , which is surprising because I thought it would take a lot longer , " said the 32-year-old , who played on the 2010 Ryder Cup-winning team but has not claimed a European Tour title since earlier that season , when he triumphed twice . "  But I 'm disappointed because I had a lot of chances on the back nine , " he added , having carded 67 . "  The 18th is only the second fairway I missed all day which is very disappointing . " Former Masters champion Charl Schwartzel had been one shot behind Aphibarnrat at the start of the day , but finished tied for fourth with France 's Victor Dubuisson after a 71 . "  It 's a hard week with being on and off the course the whole time , " said Schwartzel , whose fellow South African Louis Oosthuizen won the tournament last year . "  It 's difficult to find any rhythm . I feel like I swung the club pretty well , but I did n't play that well today . " Schwartzel was a runaway 11-shot winner at the Thai Golf Championship in December , where Aphibarnrat tied for sixth and Daly missed the cut , but this time he had to settle for a minor placing as Denmark 's Anders Hansen fired 66 to claim third . . "  For some reason I was hitting short irons all over the shop , " Schwartzel said . "  Kiradech did well . I would 've liked to have applied a bit more pressure on him . "	Kiradech Aphibarnrat wins shortened Malaysian Open by one shot on Sunday Big-hitting 23-year-old becomes fourth Thai to win European Tour-sanctioned event He heads off Edoardo Molinari despite dropping shot at the final hole Denmark 's Anders Hansen claims third ahead of Charl Scwartzel and Victor Dubuisson
It was supposed to be a class trip to a resort island that 's considered the Hawaii of Korea . Instead , a ferry has capsized in the Yellow Sea , and hundreds of people are unaccounted for . The parents of students from a South Korean high school have been clutching their cell phones , waiting for a call from their children or rescuers . On Tuesday night , more than 300 high school students from the city of Ansan departed on a ferry called Sewol for a four-day trip to Jeju Island . About 70 % of those aboard were from the high school . The Sewol pulled out of the port at Incheon at 9:30 p.m. Tuesday , according to JTBC , a CNN affiliate . Survivor accounts Shortly before 9 a.m. Wednesday , passenger Kim Sung-Mook was eating breakfast in the ship 's main hall when he felt a tilt , he told CNN affiliate YTN . At first , "  we thought it was because of the tide , " he said . The waves had been smooth until the ship suddenly leaned , witnesses said . The ship tilted further , and an announcement blared through loudspeakers warning passengers that moving would be dangerous . Then , he heard a loud bang from inside the ship . Kim said he thought a crane on board had toppled over . When seawater started gushing into the ferry , passengers began to scramble . Elsewhere on the ferry , high school student Lim Hyung Min felt tremors that were strong enough to knock shipping containers off balance . Several of his classmates were flung off their feet as the ferry began to lean . "  The students were falling over and crashing into things and bleeding , " Lim said . The ship tilted further , to about 90 degrees , passengers said . Back in the main hall , Kim heard the buzzing of helicopters overhead . Cafeteria workers were dashing up to the deck . "  The helicopters arrived . They said they could take five more people , so we sent students , " Kim said . Footage from South Korean media showed helicopters hovering over a half-submerged ferry with panic-stricken passengers scrambling from the side . Announcements on board : Do n't move Not everyone had made it to the top deck , because "  the announcement asked not to move since it could be dangerous . So everyone stayed where they were . But when the water started coming in , people started moving to the upper level , " he said . Kim managed to get on a helicopter , but he said he 'd seen as many as 30 people still trapped inside the ship . Shortly after his rescue , the ship capsized . "  Unless they broke a window , I think it would have been impossible for them to come out , " Kim told YTN . It remains unclear how many people have survived and how many are missing as the official numbers from authorities have been fluctuating throughout the day . Inside the ferry , Lim told YTN he stayed in a room until rescuers opened a door and threw life jackets in his direction . He was ordered to jump into the ocean , which he described as "  unbearably cold . " After his rescue , Lim went on air on YTN to list the names of his classmates whom he had seen to reassure their parents that they were safe . Agonizing wait for parents Meanwhile , parents had gathered at Ansan Danwon High School , clutching their cell phones in an agonizing wait for a call from their children . Officials posted a list of names , and each name was circled after confirmation of a rescue . A woman was immediately swarmed by cameras as she received a call from her child . "  Are you OK ? " she cried out . Although their own phones were lost in the water during the rescue , students have been borrowing rescuers ' phones to call their parents . At one point , the school announced that all students had been rescued but soon rescinded the announcement , to the parents ' wrath . The students who fell into the water were "  having difficulties due to their body temperatures dropping , but they have blankets and changed their clothes , so they 're feeling better now , " Lim told YTN . The rescued students gathered in a gymnasium awaiting their parents and teachers . They have since departed the school in buses , according to YTN . More on other major ferry and ship sinkings	High school students left for Jeju Island for school trip Numbers reported rescued and missing are fluctuating , leaving parents and families in anguish Witnesses tell CNN affiliate that the ship began tilting , which flung people off balance
A Swiss hostage abducted two years ago made a daring dawn escape Saturday from Islamist extremists in the Philippines , the military said . During the escape , Lorenzo Vinciguerra , 49 , seized one of his captor 's bladed weapons and attacked a guard and a kidnapper , said Col. Restituto Padilla , a spokesman for the Philippine military . Vinciguerra wounded the two and fled , prompting other Abu Sayyaf rebels to shoot at him , Padilla told CNN affiliate 9TV . He suffered a minor injury on his cheek . He fled while Philippine soldiers were conducting law enforcement operations in the area , Chester Ian Ramos , a local joint task force spokesman , told state-run Philippine News Agency . "  So the troops who were operating on the ground were able to recover him in that area of Barangay Timpook , where that incident happened , where they were operating , " Padilla said . Ramons said he escaped about 5:20 a.m. local time . He was treated at a nearby base hospital for wounds that were n't life-threatening , authorities said . A second hostage , Dutchman Ewold Horn , 52 , is still being held by the Abu Sayyaf militant group .	Lorenzo Vinciguerra fled while soldiers conducted law enforcement operations During the escape , Vinciguerra , 49 , suffered a minor injury Dutchman Ewold Horn , 52 , is still being held by the Abu Sayyaf militant group
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Edward Markey on Monday challenged the assertion by oil giant BP 's chief executive that no underwater oil plumes have formed because of the Gulf of Mexico spill . In a letter to BP , Markey , D-Massachusetts , said scientific evidence showed such plumes have formed and he asked for BP CEO Tony Hayward to provide evidence to back up Hayward 's claim Sunday that the spilled oil had gone to the surface . On Sunday , Markey , who heads the House Energy and Environment subcommittee , had accused BP of issuing false statements about the oil spill . "  BP in this instance means ` Blind to Plumes , ' " Markey said in a statement Monday . There was no immediate response from BP . Markey 's letter to BP said "  the confirmation of the presence of large quantities of oil sub-surface could help to inform clean-up and response efforts , and it is vital that there is unfettered access to all relevant data or analysis . " The letter noted that University of South Florida researchers recently reported finding a 22-mile-long plume of dispersed oil . In a separate letter Monday to BP , Markey called for complete transparency regarding video feeds of the company 's underwater operations . BP is launching a new effort to cut an opening to the leaking equipment so that a containment dome can be lowered on it . "  There can not be any delay or gaps in our understanding of this situation , given that thousands of barrels of oil are spewing forth each day into the Gulf , with catastrophic long-term consequences , " said Markey 's letter to BP America head Lamar McKay , later adding : "  BP should not be controlling the view the American public has of this disaster in our ocean . "	Rep. Edward Markey calls for BP to prove claim of no underwater oil plumes Markey also says BP must provide more information on the Gulf of Mexico oil spill Markey is head of the House Energy and Environment subcommittee BP CEO Tony Hayward said Sunday all the spilled oil was rising to the surface
CNN  -- State troopers arrived at the home of Tiger Woods on Saturday to interview the pro golfer and his wife about a car crash near his home but were told the couple was not available to talk as scheduled , a spokeswoman for the Florida Highway Patrol said . The troopers were asked by Woods ' agent to postpone the interview until Sunday , spokeswoman Sgt. Kim Montes told CNN . She said she did n't know whether a reason was given . Troopers had also tried to speak to Woods on Friday as part of a routine car accident investigation , but his wife said he was sleeping , Montes said . Troopers decided they would come back Saturday afternoon . While Woods is required to show his license , registration and proof of insurance , he 's not obligated by state law to give a statement on the crash . However , it 's "  very unusual " not to do so , Montes said . "  We simply want to ask why did he crash his car , " she said , adding , "  All we 're trying to do is get his side of the story . " Woods ' agent , Mark Steinberg , did not respond to requests for comment Saturday . Woods was treated and released from a hospital after suffering minor injuries in a car accident early Friday in his neighborhood in Windermere , a suburb of Orlando . A joint statement from Woods ' publicist and Health Central Hospital said Woods was in "  good condition " after the accident outside his home . Though they did n't interview Woods on Saturday , the troopers entered the luxury complex and started part of their investigation into the incident , Montes said . Investigators will seek possible surveillance tapes of the accident from Woods and his neighbors and review the 911 call from Friday , she said . The single-vehicle accident occurred about 2:25 a.m. , according to a police report . Woods pulled out of his driveway in a 2009 Cadillac SUV and struck a fire hydrant , then a tree , the report says . Authorities have said they do n't have details on why Woods was driving away from his home at such an early hour . Montes acknowledged there are questions surrounding the circumstances of the crash , saying , "  If this turns up something else , we 'll go down that road . ... We 're knee-deep in this now . " Police Chief Daniel Saylor on Friday said two Windermere police officers were the first to arrive on the scene . "  There was Tiger Woods laying on the ground in front of the vehicle with his wife over him rendering first aid , " he told reporters . "  He was in and out of consciousness with lacerations to his upper and lower lip , " Saylor said . "  He was mumbling but did n't say anything coherent . " Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren , told the police she was inside the house when she heard the accident . She said she went outside and used a golf club to break out the rear window of the vehicle , then pulled him from the SUV . "  According to the officers , yes , she was very upset , " he said in response to a question . But , he added , "  Things like this happen all the time ... I understand he 's stable and he 's fine . " Cellphone pictures of the accident from CNN affiliate WFTV Nordegren rode in the ambulance with Woods , who was treated at Health Central Hospital before he was released Friday , Montes said Saturday . Montes said both rear passenger windows of the SUV -- which was towed from the scene -- were shattered and there was damage to the left and right of its front end , resulting in $ 5,000 to $ 8,000 in estimated damages . She said the left side hit the fire hydrant , the right hit the tree . The accident was not alcohol-related , according to the police report . The 33-year-old golf phenomenon has won 14 major championships , only four shy of Jack Nicklaus ' record . His 71 PGA tournament victories rank third all time behind Sam Snead and Nicklaus . Tiger Woods : A true sporting legend He was set to host and play in the Chevron World Challenge on Monday at Sherwood Country Club in Thousand Oaks , California . Woods has won the tournament -- which helps raise money for Tiger Woods Foundation programs -- four times . Woods has won six times on the PGA tour this year after returning from knee surgery he underwent in 2008 . In a post on his blog last month , Woods said he was "  absolutely thrilled " about his play of late , adding , "  This has been one of my most consistent years on the PGA tour . " Woods and his wife have two children ages 2 years and 10 months . CNN 's Kim Segal , Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Law does n't require statement , but it 's "  very unusual " not to do so , police say NEW : Police will seek surveillance tape and review 911 call , spokeswoman says Florida highway patrol wanted to talk about car crash outside Woods ' home Troopers had tried to speak to the golfer Friday , but his wife said he was sleeping
CNN  -- The new-look Miami Heat recorded their first win of the NBA season on Wednesday , but their conquerors in the opening round the Boston Celtics could not back up the victory . On Tuesday , 17-time NBA finals champions the Celtics defeated the much hyped up Heat and their star signings LeBron James , Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosh in the most watched regular season basketball game of all-time . But in a reversal of fortunes in Wednesday 's games , the Heat defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 98-87 with "  The Big Three " securing their first win while playing together in the Florida-side 's shirt . Meanwhile the Celtics -- who lost last season 's final to the Los Angeles Lakers -- struggled against LeBron 's old team the Cleveland Cavaliers , losing 95-87 . Playing at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia , the Heat performed closer to what had been expected of basketball 's new dream team , spurred on by their disappointing loss to Boston . "  I saw a tangible difference in how we were playing , " coach Erik Spoelstra told the official NBA website . "  Guys took it to heart and wanted to come out with a better disposition defensively and keep the ball in front of us to challenge at the rim . " Wade scored 30 points , James 16 and Bosh 15 to complete a better performance from the trio . But it was another James , James Jones , who really stood out for the Heat , finishing with 20 points on nine attempts and receiving praise from his star teammates . "  JJ was unbelievable today , " James told the NBA website while Wade added : "  Give it up for JJ , really stepping up . " But Wade believes there is still more to come from Miami , who almost allowed Philadelphia to catch them in the final quarter . "  We 're not at our peak , we 're not even close , " he said . "  Eventually when it 's time to be there , we will . " The Celtics were stunned by the Cleveland Cavaliers , playing in their first match for more than seven years without LeBron James , who announced his decision to leave the Ohio side in an hour long television program in July . Boston coach Doc Rivers was congratulated by Cleveland fans for having overcome the Heat , but his side then received no mercy from the Cavaliers . "  Guys in this locker room believe . We 've been listening to what people are predicting for us , " Cleveland forward Antawn Jamison said . "  We 're going to let our game do the talking . It 's probably going to take a month or so for people to realize , ` Hey , this is a team that can win and compete for the playoffs . " ' For the Cavaliers , JJ Hickson finished with 21 points and Daniel Gibson 16 -- all in the second half -- to hold off the challenge from the Celtics . The east coast side had led by 11 points in the third quarter but were outscored 27-14 in the fourth . " ` We took them a little bit too lightly , " Shaquille O'Neal , who spent last season with Cleveland , admitted to the NBA website . Elsewhere in Wednesday 's other NBA Eastern Conference games , the New York Knicks beat the Toronto Raptors 98-93 , the Oklahoma City Thunder defeated Chicago Bulls 106-95 and The New Jersey Nets won 101-98 against the Detroit Pistons .	Miami Heat win first NBA game of season on Wednesday while Boston Celtics lost Celtics beat new-look Heat in the opening game of the season on Tuesday The Heat defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 98-87 with LeBron James scoring 16 points Celtics lost to the Cleveland Cavaliers 95-87
CNN  -- They 've been man 's best friend since the beginning of time . And now , thanks to modern technology , two best friends are together again . When Giuseppe DiBella 's beloved 6-month-old puppy Nika disappeared from his home in Newburgh , New York , he immediately plastered countless fliers around town showing pictures of Nika as well as the toy fox terrier 's microchip number . But no luck ... time ticked on , and two years passed . While DiBella may have been devastated , he says he "  never gave up . " In mid-September , the 3-pound pooch showed up at the front door of a home in Ocala , Florida , more than 1,000 miles away . A neighbor brought the wayward dog to the animal clinic where she worked and had her scanned for a microchip . That microchip led Marion County Animal Services to DiBella , and they emailed him with the news he 'd been hoping for . "  I was so surprised when I realized it was in Florida , " said DiBella . "  I did n't even know where Marion County was . " DiBella made the trek to Florida this week to pick Nika up from a family friend who has been caring for her . When CNN asked how his little pup could 've made her way from New York to Florida , DiBella replied , "  I have no idea . " Maybe the dog just wanted to be a snowbird . But one thing is for sure -- Nika 's is quite a tail to tell .	Giuseppe DiBella 's puppy Nika disappeared from his home in Newburgh , New York The tiny toy fox terrier turned up in Ocala , Florida , 2 years later Scan at animal clinic found her microchip number , which led to DiBella He made the 1,000-plus-mile journey to Florida this week to bring Nika home
CNN  -- On Sunday , a mystery photograph fluttered from the sky and landed near Leslie Hagelberg 's mailbox in West Tulsa , Oklahoma . She soon discovered it had been blown from Shawnee , Oklahoma , some 90 miles away . More random items would rain from the heavens across eastern Oklahoma a day later , when the tornado that ripped through Shawnee was followed by a bigger one in nearby Moore . School pictures , personal letters , valentines and baseball cards -- all have been found in recent days many miles from their owners ' homes . The items were sucked into the sky by the 200-mph winds that killed at least 24 people and left a path of destruction in their wake , then blown east across the Oklahoma plains by middle - and upper-atmospheric winds . Help tornado victims claim lost photos Hagelberg said some items have been reported found as far as 250 miles away from where the tornadoes struck . Now , she and others are using Facebook to try to help victims of the deadly storms get at least some small pieces of their lives back . On Sunday , she created a Facebook group called "  May 19th 2013 OK Tornado Doc & Picture Recovery . " But when Moore was hit the next day , the group was soon overwhelmed , picking up more than 11,000 members . She and others have now made a public page , MAY 2013 Oklahoma Tornado Doc & Photo Recovery Page , where anyone can post or tag images and share them on their own pages . Theirs is one of several pages on Facebook where people are being asked to share photos of items they have found , along with contact information , for anyone who may be able to identify them . See some of the images of items found after the tornadoes "  First , thank you all for the overwhelmingly generous response to our group , " Hagelberg wrote Wednesday . "  The photos and documents are being posted , people are finding cherished treasures they have lost and we could n't be more elated . " Hagelberg did not immediately respond to a message sent by CNN to her Facebook page Wednesday . But she told The Huffington Post the page is her small way of trying to boost recovery efforts in Shawnee and Moore . "  I 'm just trying to help , " she said . "  I could n't imagine losing my kids ' pictures . " Most of the items posted to the page are photographs : a Pee Wee league football game , prom pictures , kids playing and families posing at places like Sea World . But there are other personal belongings , too , from a teddy bear to a letterman 's jacket to a pink birth-notice card from a hospital with the words "  I 'm a Girl " printed on top . Dozens of items had already been claimed by early this week , as residents began taking their first faltering steps toward recovery . "  This is a photo of my sister 's husband 's dad , " a woman wrote beneath a photo dated 1967 . "  Both  men  are now deceased . She lost her home in the Shawnee tornado . I will try to contact  her  via Facebook . God bless you for posting ! " The effort is similar to another on Facebook after 2011 storms that ripped through Alabama and other Southeastern states . "  I just started saying , ` There are parts of people 's lives falling out of the sky , ' " Patty Bullion , that group 's creator , told CNN at the time . "  You just know these are prized possessions to people . If they 've lost everything and could just get one picture back , I know that would mean a lot to me . " Hagelberg is reminding anyone who posts to the page to remember not to show Social Security numbers , phone numbers or other personally identifying information .	Winds from the tornadoes that hit Oklahoma have scattered items hundreds of miles Photos , cards and letters have been found after storms hit Shawnee and Moore , Oklahoma Facebook pages have been created for people to post items they 've found
CNN  -- A car bomb exploded Saturday in Somalia 's capital , killing 15 people and wounding 24 , a government spokesman said . Gunfighting has plagued the streets of Somalia 's capital in recent months , stalling efforts to restore order . The car was heading toward headquarters of the African Union Mission in Somalia in late morning when a bomb went off before it reached the building , which is guarded by police , Abdi Gobdon said . The attack also threatened a group of nearby African Union peacekeepers . African Union Commission Chairman Jean Ping condemned the "  cowardly and terrorist " suicide attack in Mogadishu , which he said comes during a time of "  renewed efforts to further peace and reconciliation " to the troubled nation . Somalia has been wracked by violence and lawlessness since the government was overthrown in 1991 . A drought and high food and fuel prices also have increased the need for humanitarian assistance . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share your story On Saturday , various officials met in Djibouti with the aim of expanding the Somalian parliament and electing a president for the Transitional Federal Government , Ping said . The United Nations Security Council adopted a resolution January 16 expressing its intent to send U.N. peacekeeping forces back to the unstable nation , and the AU plans to send additional troops to Somalia in coming weeks , Ping said . The United Nations ' World Food Programme considered suspending delivery of food to Somalia after the killings of two aid workers in early January but then decided that would hurt the very people the program is trying to help .	African Union official condemns attack that also wounded 24 Bomb went off before car reached African Union mission headquarters U.N. Security Council recently adopted resolution aimed at bringing in peacekeepers Violence , lawlessness have plagued Somalia since government overthrown in 1991
CNN  -- Iran has hanged a man convicted of spying for Israel and also executed another man who was a member of a government opposition group , state-run media reported Tuesday . The executions took place at Tehran 's Evin Prison at dawn Tuesday . Ali-Akbar Siadat was sentenced to death for working as a spy for Israeli intelligence . The Islamic Republic News Agency said Siadat admitted to transferring information to Israel over several years in exchange for $ 60,000 . He was arrested in 2008 while trying to leave Iran along with his wife , the news agency said . A second man , Ali Saremi , was hanged for "  fighting against the sacred Islamic Republic of Iran system and launching antagonist propagations , " the agency reported . He was a member of People 's Mujahedeen of Iran , also known as the Mojahedin-e Khalq Organization , which has opposed the Iranian government for decades . Tehran considers the group to be a terrorist outfit , as does the United States . The European Union does not . Members of a European Parliament group , Friends of a Free Iran Intergroup , condemned Saremi 's execution Tuesday , calling it "  another crime for which the mullahs will be held to account when freedom is finally restored to that beleaguered nation . " The group also demanded that Iranian leaders "  be tried in the International Court of Justice for crimes against humanity . " CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	The executions took place at Tehran 's Evin Prison One man is executed for spying for Israel Another man is hanged as member of a government opposition group
London  CNN  -- Children 's entertainer Rolf Harris was sentenced Friday to five years and nine months in prison for a string of indecent assaults against women and girls . The 84-year-old was found guilty Monday in a London court of 12 charges of sexually abusing women and girls . The offenses that Harris committed against four women took place as far back as 1970 . The Australian-born musician and artist , who painted a portrait of Queen Elizabeth II for the British monarch 's 80th birthday in 2006 , had been charged under Operation Yewtree , which is investigating allegations of decades of abuse by public figures , including the late TV entertainer Jimmy Savile . Dozens more women who said they had been abused by Harris , including several in Australia , alerted police during the trial , Britain 's Press Association news agency said . Sentencing Harris at Southwark Crown Court , the judge , Nigel Sweeney , said there were several aggravating factors . "  You took advantage of the trust placed in you , because of your celebrity status , to commit the offenses , " he said . "  In every case the age gap between you and your victim was a very considerable one . You clearly got a thrill from committing the offenses whilst others were present or nearby . Whilst such others did not realize what you were doing , their presence added to the ordeal of your victims . " The abuse "  had a significant adverse effect " on the victims , he said , while Harris has shown no remorse at all for his crimes . Harris will likely serve half his sentence in prison before being released on probation . The brother of the entertainer 's youngest victim spoke of his sister 's ordeal in a statement read on his behalf outside court . He also thanked police for their efforts to bring Harris to justice . "  My sister has had only eight years of her life without this incident going round in her head , and that was her first eight , " he said . "  After these cameras have been dismantled and the media circus has rolled on to another town , it will still be with her as it will with the other girls . " Victims ' courage praised Speaking outside court after the sentencing , Detective Mick Orchard told reporters : "  The court has today heard about the impact these crimes have had on those involved . Once again I would like to thank all the victims for their courage in coming forward . " The Crown Prosecution Service 's Jenny Hopkins said after the verdict that Harris had "  used his status and position as a world famous children 's entertainer to sexually assault young girls over a period spanning 18 years . " She added that "  each victim , unknown to the others , described a similar pattern of behavior -- that of a man acting without fear of the consequences . " Harris was once one of Britain 's best-loved children 's entertainers . He had a string of hits in the 1960s , including "  Tie Me Kangaroo Down , Sport , " "  Jake the Peg " and "  Two Little Boys . " He had a decades-long television career at the BBC and received several honors , including the Order of the British Empire . CNN 's Brooke Bowman , Lindsay Isaac and Peter Wilkinson contributed to this report .	NEW : Brother of youngest victim says his sister still lives with the consequences of abuse Rolf Harris took advantage of the trust placed in him as a celebrity , judge says Harris is sentenced to five years and nine months in prison The entertainer , 84 , was found guilty of 12 charges of sexual abuse
CNN  -- Sunday night 's Oscar telecast was enough to make you drop your knitting and stare in amazement at the contortions being performed on stage at the none-dare-call-it-Kodak Theater -- and not necessarily by Cirque du Soleil , whose performance was one of the evening 's weirder moments . Was it really just a year and a day ago that the Academy Awards made its big play for youth , via the double-edged disaster of James Franco and Anne Hathaway ? OK , that did n't work . At all . But last night 's full-frontal embrace of the past -- punctuated in no small way by the choice of a silent movie as Best Picture -- was a back flip , a half-twist , and a landing in deep denial . It was n't the Academy 's fault that the show 's director-elect Brett Ratner self-destructed , or that Ratner 's hand-picked host Eddie Murphy bailed , or that the plucky Billy Crystal had to be called in to host a show he had n't done since 2004 . It is n't Crystal 's fault that he 's 63 years old . But someone -- producer Brian Grazer , perhaps -- should answer for why a show celebrating an industry in so much trouble chose to cast itself as something so profoundly passÃ © . At a time when audiences are becoming increasingly disenchanted with the very "  theatrical experience " the Academy spends so much time championing , why would the show 's writers and producers characterize the idea of going to the movies as something quaint , nostalgic and on the way out ? Time and again , participants reflected on moviegoing as something they remembered fondly from their childhoods . They might have been talking about the Civil War . It was a strange tone to take , especially since anyone who pays any attention at all to the media -- or lives in Hollywood , or talks to other people -- knew that "  The Artist " was poised to win Best Picture , Best Director and Best Actor  which it did  . When you have an 800-pound metaphor pending delivery , why add insult to injury ? 84th Academy Awards : The winners list It did n't help , of course , that the show was being held in the erstwhile Kodak Theater , which had a name change since the venerable company filed for bankruptcy . Crystal never mentioned the word "  Kodak , " probably believing that it might make people in the film industry nervous that the company synonymous with film would be going out of business . But it was n't the issue of changing technology that gave last night 's show a stale air . It was the issue of unchanging taste . Crystal , game as usual , opened the show with the same shtick he 's used all of the nine times he 's hosted , including the comedy montage of mock scenes from nominated movies . It 's never had any edge and is n't intended to , but the general tone of the comedy was bloodless , and even blinkered : Delivering one gag about the advanced age of Best Supporting Actor nominees Max von Sydow and Christopher Plummer , the host suggested that next year 's show would be sponsored by Flomax  the prostate drug  . This might have been funny , if 1  the disconnect between the Oscars and anyone under 30 was n't so pronounced ; 2  Plummer and von Sydow were n't among the classiest guys in the room ; and 3  they were n't that much older than a lot of other people present . Plummer , showing that age is what you make of it , delivered the evening 's most eloquent acceptance speech . But as deserving as he was  for "  Beginners "  , he could n't help but point up the industry 's affection for the past , especially its own . Share your view on the Oscars No one can deny Best Actress Meryl Streep is almost routinely spectacular , or that she gave a marvelous performance last year , albeit in a mediocre movie  "  Iron Lady "  . But there were several supposed sure things going into last night 's awards . And the only one that did n't come true was Viola Davis ' selection as Best Actress for "  The Help . " Granted , Streep 's last win was 13 nominations ago  1983 , "  Sophie 's Choice "  . But given that Octavia Spencer took home the Best Supporting Actress award for "  The Help , " and got a standing ovation from the Oscar crowd besides , it makes you wonder . It could be that voters thought Davis ' screen time was insufficient for the Best Actress prize , or that she was n't the center of the story  Emma Stone was , arguably  . But that 's probably giving the Academy more credit than it deserves . The fact is , Spencer gave a much broader , comedic performance ; Davis ' work spoke to the real pain of racism . Similarly , the choice for Best Documentary -- "  Undefeated , " the weakest among a pretty feeble list of nominees -- was about a white football coach and his black high school team , the kind of "  Blind Side " vehicle that Academy voters gravitate to . Why ? Because it makes them feel good without straining . For a town synonymous with left-leaning politics , Hollywood has never looked so starched and conservative . The idea would probably make Rick Santorum recoil in horror , but Hollywood 's embrace of the past is rooted in the same thing as Republican primary voters ' embrace of reactionary candidates : A profoundly uncertain future . I like "  The Artist " as much as anyone  OK , probably a little less  , but for all its charms , it 's not a forward-looking film . And last night 's Oscars was not a forward-looking show . It was rooted in a kind of paralysis , the kind that accompanies a deep-seated fear . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Anderson .	"  The Artist , " a nostalgic film , won a number of Academy Awards John Anderson : Film industry , which is in trouble , chose to cast itself as profoundly passÃ © He says that unchanging taste gave last night 's Oscars show a stale air Anderson : Hollywood 's embrace of the past is rooted in fear of an uncertain future
Paris  CNN  -- French voters are always good for a surprise , and the French presidential election will not be over before the run-off election on May 6 . But the winner -- likely to be either Nicolas Sarkozy or Francois Hollande -- will need to immediately turn their attention to economic issues . The eurozone 's problems will be top priority . The center of power in the eurozone has clearly moved to Germany , but France has always been the pivotal country in the European project , from the Treaty of Rome in 1957 , to the Maastricht treaty in 1992 , and the launch of the euro in 1998 . So it may well be France , not Germany , which holds the key to the future of the euro . If France stays the course and commits to sufficient fiscal rigor and pro-competitive policies , then the euro has a good chance of survival , in whatever bruised form . Nonetheless , "  Europe " has been conspicuously absent from the French election campaign . This paradox is best understood by considering that a majority of French voters are attached to the euro as well as to strict national sovereignty in fiscal matters . In the long run , they are unlikely to keep both . For the European sovereign debt crisis over the last 24 months has taught one stark lesson : The eurozone is not really viable without a fiscal union of some sort . But fiscal integration is not popular in Europe , and not in France . Not least because a fiscal union will only be feasible politically with a commitment to economic convergence . France faces other economic problems besides the euro wobbles : A loss of competitiveness , with unit labor costs that increased almost 20 % relative to Germany since 2000 , a rising current-account deficit of 2.1 % , a public sector among the largest in the OECD as a share of GDP , a debt-to-GDP ratio of close to 90 % and a public sector deficit projected at 4.8 % this year that will be hard to bring down amid sluggish growth of 0.5 % or less , and unemployment of 10 % and rising . To outside observers , the election campaign may have looked surreal in its near-complete omission of the economic storm clouds . But French voters are not stupid ; many anticipate a change of gear after the parliamentary election in June  even the surge of the hard left may well be attributed to such anticipation  . Whatever the outcome of the election , much will depend on the financial markets in the coming year . Since neither of the two leading candidates has sought a mandate for structural economic or fiscal reform , the push for reform is likely to come from the outside , for example if sovereign bond markets become tumultuous again . "  Le spread " as it is known in France , the difference between French and German government bond yields , has recently widened again . In France , serious reform is likely to get under way only when it looks inevitable , just as it did in Italy in the fall of 2011 . Expect at some point a fight of high drama and brinkmanship between Paris and the European Central Bank , the arguably most powerful and independent central bank the world has ever known . No prize for predicting the winner : Reform may not be popular , but sovereign default is inconceivable in France , a country that did not have one in 200 years . Austerity will come at a high price in terms of economic growth for France and for Europe . But under current market conditions , conventional fiscal stimulus is not really feasible -- a euro exit would not change that . The only alternative would be a forced reduction in the debt of over-exposed sovereigns and/or banks  whose leverage risks are really intertwined  , or an uptick in inflation . The two episodes of forced debt reduction in Europe since the start of the financial crisis , namely Icelandic banks and the Greek government , went actually rather well . As an economist , I advocate more of it . Ireland made a mistake by bailing out all its bank liabilities , and Spain for example should not repeat that error . Still , this road is unlikely to be tried unless decision makers feel they have no choice . If Hollande wins the election , financial markets may well express doubts over several of the Socialists ' campaign proposals . Among them , the corporate tax with increases and the proposed total elimination of the deductibility of interest expenses , the income tax with its proposed 75 % top marginal rate , and the undoing of parts of the pension reform . Eventually , economic pragmatism should prevail in French government policies . Hollande 's campaigning as a man of reason should help . A strong reaction of financial markets in the months after the election could force his hand ; he and his entourage may well have factored it in already , and might even secretly welcome it . After all , Hollande would be the first French president who holds a degree from a business school . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ulrich Hege .	The winner of France 's election will have to quickly tend to economic issues France , one of the eurozone 's biggest economies , may hold key to the currency 's future But talk of the economic storm clouds have been absent in the election campaign Neither leading candidate has sought mandate for structural economic reform
San Diego  CNN  -- Tom Greer is an 80-year-old crime victim who had the absolute right to use deadly force to defend himself when a pair of burglars -- a man and a woman -- broke into his home in Long Beach , California , and began assaulting him . And yet , if there is any justice , the 80-year-old should spend the remainder of his golden years in prison . That 's because he killed 28-year-old Andrea Miller , who begged for her life , telling Greer : "  Do n't shoot me , I 'm pregnant ! I 'm going to have a baby ! " Not true , according to the L.A. County Coroner 's Office . Miller was not pregnant . But Greer did n't know when he pulled the trigger -- for a second time . The homeowner , who has been robbed before , told police that he returned home one night and found Miller and her accomplice , who has been identified as 26-year-old Gus Adams , trying to open his safe . Greer said they immediately attacked him and threw him to the ground , breaking his collarbone . While the intruders were distracted , Greer got up and retrieved his .22 caliber Smith & Wesson revolver . When Miller and Adams saw he was armed , he said they ran out of the house . Greer told a Los Angeles television station that he pursued the intruders outside and into a nearby alley , gun in hand . First mistake . He told KNBC : "  When the time comes to defend yourself , you best do something . " But , at this point , Greer was no longer defending himself because he was n't in imminent danger . And he was not protecting his home . Instead , he was stalking his prey . Then , Greer told the television station , he fired on the burglars , hitting Miller in the back . Second mistake . If Greer shot Miller in the back , it makes it hard for him to argue that he was n't in control of the situation and that somehow he felt threatened by Miller . Finally , Greer said with no remorse , as Adams ran off , Miller pleaded for her life and claimed to be pregnant . But Greer fired off another shot anyway , killing her . Third mistake . Since Miller was n't really pregnant , we can assume that she was just trying to save her own skin . Maybe Greer believed her , or maybe he did n't . What matters is this : With the suspect already wounded and bleeding , Greer should have called police and waited for them to arrive . He did n't do that . Instead , he meted out his own punishment . Was that because Greer was angry and frustrated at being victimized and wanted retribution ? If so , that 's not a good excuse for taking a life . Adams has been found and arrested on suspicion of murder for taking part in a crime that led to Miller 's death . His arraignment is scheduled for August 11 . Given that we 're talking about an 80-year-old crime victim who grabbed a gun with the intent to defend himself , there are clearly extenuating circumstances . But they are not enough to let Greer avoid taking some responsibility for killing Miller . He 's a victim , but not a completely innocent one . The fact that he was robbed and beaten does n't excuse everything that happened next . Greer pursued Miller out of his house and into the alley . He shot her in the back . And then , with her lying wounded on the ground and pleading for her life -- and still not clear on whether or not she was really pregnant -- he fired the fatal shot . This was n't premeditated , but neither was it a spontaneous crime of passion . During this entire ordeal , Greer had plenty of time to think about what was happening and how to react . He chose to react by shooting down someone who was no longer fleeing and no longer a threat to him . By firing the fatal shot at someone who was alone , unarmed , wounded , defenseless and pleading for her life , Greer committed a cold-blooded act . Let 's be clear . If you confront a burglar in your home , and you feel your life is in danger , and you grab a gun to defend yourself and kill that person , most reasonable people could consider that to be a justified use of deadly force . This is not that . And it cheapens the right to self-defense to apply that label to what happened here . Because his crime was n't premeditated , Greer should n't be charged with first-degree murder . Second-degree will suffice . And if it is proved in court that he punitively and needlessly took a life , then he should be locked up for the rest of his .	Police say Tom Greer , 80 , shot to death intruder who said , "  Do n't shoot , I 'm pregnant " Ruben Navarrette : But when he shot her , Greer was no longer in imminent danger Greer said he shot Miller in the back , then shot her again when she was pleading Navarrette : She was not pregnant , but Greer would not have known that at the time
H. W. Brands is the author of "  TR : The Last Romantic " and the just-released "  Traitor to His Class : The Privileged Life and Radical Presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt . " He teaches history at the University of Texas at Austin . Historian H.W. Brands says power as well as race was behind controversy over Booker T. Washington . AUSTIN , Texas  CNN  -- In his concession speech on Tuesday night , John McCain illustrated the historic significance of Barack Obama 's election by noting that a little over a century ago the inclusion of another black man , Booker T. Washington , at a White House dinner provoked outrage in large parts of the country . McCain was n't giving a history lecture , and he quickly moved on , but the tale is worth exploring , as it is both more complex and more instructive than McCain 's brief remarks suggested . Washington was the one who initiated the acquaintance that led to his 1901 dinner with Theodore Roosevelt . Washington had built the Tuskegee Institute of Alabama into a political base that made him the most powerful black leader in the country . Invited to address the Cotton States Exposition in Atlanta , Georgia , in 1895 , Washington offered white America a racial bargain : Blacks would cease agitating for immediate political and civil rights if whites would fund black educational and economic advancement . This "  Atlanta Compromise " outraged black intellectuals like W. E. B. Du Bois , but it appealed to white leaders in the South and white philanthropists in the North -- and it marked Washington , the broker of Northern largesse and Southern cooperation , as one of the shrewdest politicians in the South . Washington spotted Roosevelt on the rise , and after Roosevelt became vice president , Washington invited him to Tuskegee , where he knew Roosevelt , the apostle of the strenuous life , would be entranced by the rigorous physical regimen the students pursued . Roosevelt was preparing to visit Tuskegee when the assassination of William McKinley elevated him to the presidency and threw his plans into turmoil . Roosevelt instead invited Washington to call at the White House whenever he was in town . Washington did n't have to be asked twice . Within weeks , he was in the capital and was invited to join the president for dinner on October 16 . Roosevelt 's ascension to the presidency made him that much more interesting to Washington . Yet no more interesting than Washington was to Roosevelt . The peculiar politics of the Republican Party gave Washington an importance among Republicans that belied the abnegations of the Atlanta Compromise . Discriminatory Jim Crow laws kept most blacks from voting in the South , but they did n't prevent the Southern states from sending delegations to the Republican national conventions every four years . These delegations could tip the balance in a tight contest , and Roosevelt -- who though president was profoundly unpopular among the Republican bosses -- expected the 1904 convention to be a tight contest . Roosevelt 's invitation to Washington to dine at the White House had little to do with Washington 's race per se , but everything to do with Washington 's role as a political boss of Southern Republicans who happened to be black . Likewise , the outrage expressed by Southern editors and spokesmen over Roosevelt 's alleged affront to the South , while couched in the language of race , was really about political power . "  White men of the South , how do you like it ? " fulminated the New Orleans Times-Democrat . "  White women of the South , how do you like it ? " The Richmond Times frothed over the implications of the honor Roosevelt had bestowed on Washington : "  It means that the president is willing that Negroes shall mingle freely with whites in the social circle -- that white women may receive attentions from negro men ; it means that there is no racial reason in his opinion why whites and blacks may not marry and intermarry , why the Anglo-Saxon may not mix negro blood with his blood . " The vehemence of the Southern response gave the game away . Booker Washington had explicitly forsworn any claim to social equality , let alone the right for blacks to marry whites . What the Southern foamers , political conservatives to a man , feared was that Washington might help the dangerously progressive Roosevelt get elected in his own right . When he did precisely that -- Roosevelt fended off the conservatives at the 1904 convention and was returned to office overwhelmingly -- they foamed the more . The race question in America has often been about race , but it has equally often been about power . Not for 40 years , since the dismantling of the Jim Crow system , has the race of guests at the White House prompted anything other than idle curiosity . But until last Tuesday those African-Americans among the guests were precisely that : guests -- visitors who lacked the power that occupancy of the White House entails . Symbolism is n't unimportant , and the symbolism of a black man taking the oath of the president 's office in January will certainly bring an outpouring of sentiment like that which greeted Obama 's election . But behind the symbolism of race is the reality of power . Obama will wield power of an order Booker Washington appreciated in Roosevelt but never possessed for himself . A week or a month after the symbolism fades , the reality will remain . At that point , Obama 's race wo n't matter nearly as much as his facility with power . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of H.W. Brands .	H.W. Brands : Roosevelt-Washington White House dinner was controversial He says the the opposition was about power as well as about race African-Americans have often been guests at the White House Brands : When Obama moves in , it will represent a leap in terms of power
CNN  -- The defense is expected to lay out its case Wednesday in the trial of Joshua Komisarjevsky , who is accused in the July 2007 home invasion , sexual assault and murders of three members of a Connecticut family . If convicted , Komisarjevsky , 31 , could face the death penalty . Prosecutors say Komisarjevsky is one of two men who broke into the home of Dr. William Petit and raped and killed Petit 's wife , Jennifer Hawke-Petit , 48 , and her two daughters , Hayley , 17 , and Michaela , 11 , before setting fire to the home . Komisarjevsky , faces 17 charges in connection with the brutal home invasion . The first defendant to stand trial in the case , Steven Hayes , was sentenced to death in December 2010 after being convicted on 16 of the 17 charges filed against him . Earlier in the Komisarjevsky trial , Dr. Petit , the lone survivor of the attack , testified that he was awakened after being hit by a baseball bat . He said his hands and feet were tied , and a cloth was thrown over his head . He was then tied to a pole in the family 's basement , but could hear "  loud thuds " and "  moaning , " likely from his wife . Shortly before hearing his wife , Petit was told by one of the intruders , "  Do n't worry . It 'll all be over in a few minutes . " Petit said that 's when he knew "  I had to get out . " Petit managed to escape but could not summon help in time to save his family . The two daughters , who were both tied to their beds , died of smoke inhalation . Hawke-Petit died of strangulation . In his opening statement defense attorney Walter Bansley told jurors that his client never intended to kill anyone and that his sole purpose in breaking into the Petit home was to steal . Bansley said Komisarjevsky did not have a weapon . He told jurors that in order to convict his client of capital murder , they must determine he intended to kill someone . It was Hayes , Bansley said , who raped and strangled Hawke-Petit , poured gasoline in the house and lit a match . Komisarjevsky was a willing participant in the break-in and theft but not the murders , according to Bansley . Hayes thought that the Petits needed to be killed , Bansley claimed , but Komisarjevsky refused to kill anyone . In Session 's Sunny Hostin and CNN 's Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	The defense for Joshua Komisarjevsky is set to begin its case If convicted , Komisarjevsky could face the death penalty Three members of the Petit family were killed in Connecticut in July 2007 Komisarjevsky 's alleged partner in crime , Steven Hayes , was sentenced to death in December 2010
Despite Japanese deflation , a weaker yen and rising prices throughout the world , Tokyo has resumed its position as the world 's most expensive city , according to the latest Worldwide Cost of Living Survey from the Economist Intelligence Unit . Tokyo took over from the Swiss city of Zurich , which dropped to seventh . Australian cities were among the biggest movers in the top 10 most expensive cities . A strong local currency powered Sydney  third  and Melbourne  equal fourth  up four places each from the previous year , while Singapore rose three places to sixth . Asian cities now make up 11 of the world 's 20 most expensive cities . This compares to eight from Europe and highlights a trend of the cost of living increasing in the Asia-Pacific region . No U.S. city made the top 20 . The Venezuelan city of Caracas rose 25 places to ninth , making it the most expensive city across the Americas . The EIU report linked the climb to price volatility  inflation has reached 20 percent  and fixed exchange rates to the U.S. dollar . According to the survey , the Canadian city of Vancouver is the most expensive location in North America , at position 21 . Los Angeles and New York City tie at 27th as the most expensive U.S. cities . South Asian locations dominated the cheapest cities to live in . The Worldwide Cost of Living survey is released twice a year by the EIU and compares hundreds of prices across 160 products and services , including items such as food , drink , rentals , utility bills , schooling costs and household supplies . Top 10 most expensive cities 1 . Tokyo , Japan  +1 place  2 . Osaka , Japan  +1  3 . Sydney , Australia  +4  = 4 . Oslo , Norway  +1  = 4 . Melbourne , Australia  +4  6 . Singapore  +3  7 . Zurich , Switzerland  -6  8 . Paris , France  -2  9 . Caracas , Venezuela  +25  10 . Geneva , Switzerland  -7 Top 10 least expensive cities = 1 . Karachi , Pakistan = 1 . Mumbai , India3 . New Delhi , India4 . Kathmandu , Nepal = 5 . Algiers , Algeria = 5 . Bucharest , Romania7 . Colombo , Sri Lanka8 . Panama City , Panama9 . Jeddah , Saudi Arabia10 . Tehran , Iran	Sydney , Melbourne big movers Caracas the most expensive city in the Americas Asia-Pacific cities dominate the top 20
CNN  -- Elizabeth McCutchen and a friend were walking to book club two weeks ago in quaint Farmville , Virginia , when they strolled by a home on First Avenue . "  Something smells dead , " her friend said . They were thinking animal . A dog , a cat , something like that . They never imagined they were smelling the remains of massacred humans . It was Thursday , September 17 . But another 24 hours would pass before police made the gruesome discovery . Richard Samuel McCroskey III -- a 20-year-old rapper in the underground genre of "  Horrorcore " who sang of chopping people into pieces -- has been arrested in connection with the slayings . The crime scene was so horrifying police would not even describe it , saying only that the victims died of blunt force trauma . The victims were Mark Niederbrock , 50 , the beloved pastor at Walker 's Presbyterian Church ; his 16-year-old daughter , Emma Niederbrock ; Melanie Wells , Emma 's 18-year-old friend from West Virginia ; and Niederbrock 's estranged wife , Debra Kelley , 53 , a professor at Longwood University . McCroskey has been charged only in the killing of Mark Niederbrock . Police and the prosecutor 's office did not return repeated phone calls from CNN . But in late September , authorities said more charges are pending . Emma was described as a fan of Horrorcore and had met McCroskey through their mutual affection for the little-known music genre . Police said she invited McCroskey to fly from his northern California home , stay with her in Virginia and then attend the Strictly for the Wicked Festival , a Horrorcore fest in Michigan featuring bands with names like Dismembered Fetus and Phrozen Body Boy . Nobody saw what would come next . The slayings have been the talk of Farmville , a town of 7,000 that is home to Longwood University and nearby Hampden-Sydney College . Senseless is the word you hear most . It 's not just the macabre nature of the killings that has people talking . It 's the grotesque lyrics of the Horrorcore singer ; it 's that it happened under their noses . McCroskey is a young man with no criminal record who took delight in the blend of horror hip-hop that celebrated macabre killings . He went by the name Syko Sam . In one YouTube video , he holds a hatchet and sings about killing people and putting their remains in black bags : "  Last night I was the murderous rage . Now , I got ta get rid of the bodies before the corpses start to get to rotting . " ` Stinkiest rascal I 've ever smelled ' Authorities have not specified when the Virginia killings occurred , but at 4 a.m. on Friday , September 18 , tow-truck driver Elton Napier was called out to Poor House Road to help McCroskey , whose car was stuck . Napier said McCroskey was wearing a black-hooded sweatshirt and "  was really smelling bad , like real bad . I ca n't describe it . " McCroskey was driving Mark Niederbrock 's Honda . Napier said two sheriff 's deputies were at the scene and McCroskey was ticketed for driving without a license . At the time , authorities did n't know the pastor had been slain . When McCroskey hopped into Napier 's flatbed , the tow-truck driver said he started gagging from the odor and immediately rolled down the windows . "  I just held my head out the window so the wind would hit me in the face , " he said . "  That was the stinkiest rascal I 've ever smelled . " Napier drove McCroskey about four miles to a convenience store . McCroskey told Napier he was visiting his girlfriend and her father lent him the car . McCroskey fetched a black bag from the Honda before they parted . Napier went inside to get a cup of coffee . According to police , McCroskey eventually caught a cab to Richmond International Airport . By mid-afternoon that same day , police found the bodies at the home on First Avenue . McCroskey was arrested the next day at the airport , where he had spent the night . When he was being led to jail , McCroskey told reporters , "  Jesus told me to do it . " Suspect 's family , community grieve Sarah McCroskey of California told CNN-affiliate WWBT that her brother had been looking forward to his visit to Virginia for weeks . She mourned his arrest and struggled with the accusations against him . "  I want to hear his voice . I am so concerned , so worried -- not just for him -LSB- but -RSB- other people , other families involved dealing with this loss , " she said . Read WWBT 's special coverage Defense attorney Cary Bowen told CNN , "  I do n't want to say he 's in shock . That 's a medical term , but it 's a big experience for him . ... I 'm not sure he gets the severity of everything right now . " The community is still devastated by the events as it struggles to move forward . Memorial services were held over the weekend for Emma Niederbrock and her mother , Debra Kelley . The Rev. Sylvia Meadows of Farmville United Methodist Church baptized Emma at age 5 and her father when he was an adult . The pastor said the church has invited an occult specialist to speak with members of the community to help them come to grips with the dark side of humanity . "  We have looked evil in the face and can not deny that it exists , " Meadows said . "  God is stronger than evil . God is bigger . " Luther Glenn , a member of Walker 's Presbyterian Church where Niederbrock was pastor , took issue with McCroskey 's comment about Jesus telling him to act . "  I think it 's deeply rooted in Satan , if you want to know the truth . " Elizabeth McCutchen , who passed the First Avenue home some time after the slayings , said the killings have affected every fabric of the community : the churches , the colleges , and their youth . "  This is the kind of town that goes to the rescue of survivors , but there 's nobody -LSB- left -RSB- -- we ca n't do anything about it , " she said . CNN 's Gary Tuchman and Susan Chun contributed to this report .	20-year-old "  Horrorcore " rapper accused in Virginia slayings Little known underground genre celebrates macabre killings Tow-truck driver gave suspect a lift ; said he was "  stinkiest rascal I 've ever smelled " Defense lawyer said he 's unsure Richard McCroskey "  gets the severity of everything "
CNN  -- Tuesday 's Virginia earthquake triggered the shutdown of a nearby nuclear power plant and spurred declarations of "  unusual events " at plants as far away as Michigan , U.S. authorities reported . Dominion Virginia Power said both reactors at its North Anna plant , less than 20 miles from the epicenter of the magnitude-5 .8 quake , shut down automatically after the first tremors . Amanda Reidelbach , an emergency management spokeswoman for Louisa County , said the plant vented steam , but there was no release of radioactive material . David Heacock , the utility 's chief nuclear officer , said the 1,800-megawatt plant was operating on emergency power and the two pressurized-water reactors were safely deactivated . "  The plants are designed for this kind of a seismic event , " Heacock said . "  There is no apparent damage to anything at the plant right now . " Crews were working to restore off-site power to the plant Tuesday evening , the utility said . Dan Stoddard , senior vice president of nuclear operations for Dominion , said some power from the grid had been restored to the reactors and it was possible full power could be achieved late Tuesday . It was not clear if a 4.2-magnitude aftershock Tuesday evening would affect the operation . Stoddard said there was no damage to the spent fuel pool . The diesel generators supplying backup power have enough fuel to operate 30 days and more can be brought in , if needed , Stoddard told CNN "  The power plant is safe , " Stoddard said . One of those generators failed a few minutes after it kicked in , said Joey Ledford , a spokesman for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission 's regional office in Atlanta . But only one generator is required to supply power to each reactor unit , leaving another unit in reserve , Ledford said . "  They 're in good shape at this point , " he said . Stoddard said even with the failure of one generator , Dominion has four others in use or available . The North Anna plant is about 50 miles northwest of Richmond and about 90 miles southwest of Washington . Operators declared an alert -- the second-lowest level of emergency reporting under U.S. nuclear regulations -- after the quake struck shortly before 2 p.m. , the Nuclear Regulatory Commission said . NRC inspectors went over the North Anna plant as part of a review of U.S. nuclear facilities after the disaster at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi , where three reactors melted down following the massive earthquake and tsunami that struck the plant March 11 . They found that diesel generators needed to provide emergency power were functional and "  readily available for short-term actions , " and the utility moved quickly to replace one portable generator that was not working at the time , according to the NRC 's inspection report . At Fukushima Daiichi , the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl , cooling systems and backup generators were knocked out by the 15-meter  48-foot  tsunami that swamped the plant shortly after the magnitude-9 earthquake . Dominion Virginia said reactors at its other nuclear station , the Surry plant near Newport News , were still running . Surry and 11 plants in five other states issued an "  unusual event " declaration , the lowest level of emergency notice , according to the NRC . They are the Shearon Harris plant in North Carolina ; the Calvert Cliffs plant in Maryland ; Pennsylvania 's Susquehanna , Three Mile Island , Limerick and Peach Bottom plants ; the Oyster Creek , Hope Creek and Salem plants in New Jersey ; and the D.C. Cook and Palisades plants in Michigan . "  All these plants continue to operate while plant personnel examine their sites , " the NRC said . CNN 's Emily Smith , Brian Todd , Jeanne Meserve , Scott Bronstein , Shawn Nottingham and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Some electricity restored to nuclear power plant Inspection shows no damage to spent fuel pool One of four backup generators failed at the North Anna plant , the NRC says One nuclear plant shuts down ; 11 others declare "  unusual events " after quake
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Three representatives of the Economic Community of West African States and an African Union representative met twice Monday with self-declared Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo in an attempt to persuade him to step down , but there was no indication late in the day that they were near their goal . "  We had a very fruitful meeting between all parties and in a good spirit , " Sierra Leone President Ernest Bai Koroma told reporters after meeting with Gbagbo for a second time Monday in his residence here . "  But the discussions are still underway . " He said a full statement would be issued Tuesday , though there was no indication that further meetings would be held Tuesday . The presidents of Benin , Sierra Leone and Cape Verde , and the African Union mediator -- Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga -- also met with the man the international community recognizes as the winner , Alassane Ouattara . After the meeting , Ouattara told reporters that Gbagbo must leave immediately . The African leaders then departed Abidjan . They had indicated they were planning to fly to Abuja , Nigeria , to consult with Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan on the matter . An election observer in the Ivory Coast 's November 28 election for the Carter Center offered a dour interpretation of Monday 's events . "  It does n't look like he will take an offer from these leaders today , and that 's a real problem , it 's a tragedy , " John Stremlau , told CNNI in a telephone interview . "  He is being obstinate right now . " The leaders ' apparent failure to make progress leaves the West African community with little recourse but to strengthen the U.N. presence , he said . "  There has got to be a resolution of this , but it should not betray the wishes of the Ivorian people , " he said . Odinga warned Sunday that Gbagbo must step down or face military intervention by his neighbors . He said the Ivory Coast 's people "  have spoken clearly " in the runoff , which international observers say Gbagbo lost to his challenger , Ouattara . Gbagbo has refused to leave office and had himself sworn in for another term . The standoff has brought the country to the brink of renewed civil war . "  We are engaged in this to ensure there is a peaceful solution -- that we do not have to use military force to sort out matters in Cote d'Ivoire , " Odinga told reporters , referring to the country by its French name . ECOWAS has threatened to use "  legitimate force " to remove Gbagbo and called a two-day meeting of its defense chiefs January 17 to plan future steps if he fails to step down by then . Gbagbo has said he wants an an international committee to recount the vote . But the AU , ECOWAS , the United Nations , the European Union and the United States all have recognized Ouattara as president-elect and called on Gbagbo to step down . The impasse has led to a tense standoff in Abidjan , where Ouattara has been holed up since the election with U.N. peacekeeping troops in the Golf Hotel . On Sunday , Gbagbo cabinet minister Charles Ble Goude reversed his call for Ivorians to surround the hotel "  to give a chance for peace and the negotiations that are going on . " Ble Goude made the announcement on the state television network RTI . U.N. officials had warned Gbagbo that the 9,000-strong peacekeeping mission would "  repulse and defeat " any attack . Meanwhile , 400 to 500 refugees were crossing the border daily into Liberia , putting pressure on Liberia 's ability to meet their needs , Ibrahima Coly , the U.N. Human Rights Commissioner representative for Liberia told CNNI from Monrovia . "  The local community and human rights organizations are working hard to see how to improve the basic services like water , like sanitation , health , and also provide them some relief items , " he said . Asked about the possibility that Liberian mercenaries might be on the ground in the Ivory Coast , Liberian Information Minister Cletus Sieh told CNN , "  It is possible that some of them might want to get involved in mischief . " But , he added , "  We have made it very , very clear , emphatically clear , that we would not support any Liberian going to the Ivory Coast and anybody who is caught in that kind of position will be dealt with under our laws . " In Washington , a senior administration official said an offer for Gbagbo to step down and travel to the United States remained open . The official , who spoke on background because of the diplomatic sensitivity of the issue , said "  If President Gbagbo is looking for a dignified exit , we remain open to help him with that , but there 's no indication that he 's prepared to leave at this point . " The country was wracked by civil war from 2002 to 2007 , when a settlement left the country divided between north and south . The 2010 elections came with high expectations that they would open a new chapter in the country 's history . CNN Foreign Affairs Correspondent Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	African countries close ranks in effort to get Gbagbo to step down Meeting described as "  fruitful , " but "  discussions are still underway " Ouattara told reporters Gbagbo must leave immediately
CNN  -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir landed in Qatar on Sunday for an Arab League summit , a move that could put him at risk of arrest on war crimes charges leveled by a U.N. tribunal . Omar al-Bashir is the subject of an ICC arrest warrant over allaged war crimes in Darfur . Al-Bashir met with Qatar 's emir , Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani , after arriving in Doha , Qatar 's capital . Earlier this weekend , al-Thani criticized the timing of the arrest warrant issued in early March by the International Criminal Court , arguing it has undercut his government 's efforts to resolve the long-running conflict in Sudan 's Darfur region . "  We believe that peace and justice should go hand in hand to settle the conflict in Darfur , or for that matter , any other conflict , " al-Thani told Arab League foreign ministers Saturday in remarks carried by the Qatar News Agency . "  But we also believe that justice can not be reached in the absence of peace . " The March 4 arrest warrant is the first issued for a sitting head of state by the world 's only permanent war crimes tribunal , based at The Hague in the Netherlands . But the ICC has no arrest powers of its own , and depends on its 106 member states to take suspects into custody . Qatar is not a member of the tribunal . Sudan refuses to recognize the legitimacy of the ICC , and has made no efforts to hand over two other officials indicted by the court . Al-Bashir has called the charges an attempt by Western powers to recolonize Sudan . The court accuses al-Bashir of complicity in war crimes and crimes against humanity in his government 's campaign against rebels in Darfur , in western Sudan . The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed and 2.5 million have been forced to flee their homes because of the conflict . Qatar had been mediating talks between Sudanese officials and representatives of one of the rebel factions , who signed a confidence-building agreement in February . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir arrives in Doha , Qatar Move puts him at risk of arrest for war crimes International Criminal Court has issued arrest warrant over Darfur campaign
Bellefonte , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Matt Sandusky , one of six adopted children of Jerry Sandusky , said through his attorney Thursday that he was sexually abused by the former Penn State assistant football coach , adding that he had been prepared to testify against him in a high-profile child rape case . The revelation came on the same day a Pennsylvania jury began deliberating the fate of Jerry Sandusky , who is confronted with accusations of child sexual abuse involving 10 alleged victims . Jurors deliberated until about 9:30 p.m. Thursday . They will reconvene Friday morning and review testimony from two witnesses . Matt Sandusky 's accusation could lead to additional charges , including incest , even though he is adopted , according to Marci Hamilton , a Cardozo Law School professor who has represented victims and written on sexual abuse cases . "  At Matt 's request , we immediately arranged a meeting between him and the prosecutors and investigators , " attorneys Andrew Shubin and Justine Andronici said in a statement . "  This has been an extremely painful experience for Matt , and he has asked us to convey his request that the media respect his privacy . " Jerry Sandusky , 68 , pleaded not guilty to charges of child sex abuse over a 15-year period . After a week of testimony , jurors will have to decide without having heard from the former Penn State defensive coordinator on the witness stand . During closing arguments , his defense sought to poke holes in the prosecution 's case , pointing to inconsistencies with the testimony of Mike McQueary , a former graduate student and assistant coach who said he saw Sandusky apparently sodomizing a boy in a university shower . Defense attorney Joe Amendola reminded jurors of the lack of physical evidence in the case . He accused the alleged victims of conspiring for financial gain while blaming the media for what he described as biased coverage . During the arguments , Sandusky 's wife , Dottie , was seen quietly crying . What Sandusky has said about child rape allegations Lead prosecutor Joseph McGettigan followed Amendola , rebuffing the defense 's account of a coordinated action among Sandusky 's accusers allegedly bent on financial windfall . "  The great thing about conspiracy theories is you just let them go on and on , until they collapse under their own weight , " he said . McGettigan described the former coach as a pedophile who systematically preyed on his victims using a charity he founded for troubled children , identifying and repeatedly abusing young boys in his care . "  The commonwealth has overwhelming evidence against Mr. Sandusky , " he said . Earlier Thursday , Judge John Cleland announced that three of the counts were dropped against the former coach , bringing the total number of charges to 48 . He told jurors that all three counts pertain to "  alleged victim 4 , " while the defense further petitioned to have all counts related to "  alleged victim 8 " dismissed as well . Cleland said one count of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse duplicated another charge . Two other counts -- one of involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and another of aggravated indecent assault -- were not supported by testimony and the evidence presented , Cleland found . Prosecutors dropped one of the original 52 counts earlier this week because the statute on which that charge was based was n't in effect on the date of the alleged incident . His accuser said it occurred in 1995 or 1996 , but the unlawful contact with a minor statute did n't apply until 1997 . The prosecution had called its only rebuttal witness Tuesday , to counter testimony that raised questions about Sandusky 's mental health . All you need to know about allegations , how case unraveled Dr. Elliot Atkins testified that he diagnosed Sandusky with histrionic personality disorder , part of a class of conditions called dramatic personality disorders that are marked by unstable emotions and distorted self-images . But a second psychologist , prosecution witness Dr. John O'Brien , disputed those findings , saying that the "  personality profile Mr. Sandusky exhibited was within normal limits . " Some court observers had said that if Sandusky were to testify , prosecutors could submit as new evidence a TV interview the ex-coach had with NBC sportscaster Bob Costas . In a portion of the interview that was not part of the original November broadcast , Sandusky told Costas that he "  did n't go around seeking out every young person for sexual needs that I 've helped . " There are likely "  many young people who would come forward and say that my methods and what I had done for them made a very positive impact on their life , " Sandusky said . On Wednesday , the defense called Dr. Jonathan Dranov , an acquaintance of McQueary 's , who told jurors that the former assistant coach told him he heard "  sexual sounds " and saw the boy in the shower when an arm reached around him but , did not actually see a sexual encounter . Sandusky then emerged from the shower area , he said . That account is different from what McQueary described in his testimony . He said that he witnessed Sandusky pressing against the boy in the shower and that it seemed obvious that he had been raping him . Jurors on Thursday told the judge they 'd like to review testimony by McQueary and Dranov . Cleland agreed . Matt Sandusky 's name came up during testimony from one of the alleged victims . ` The Sandusky 8 ' describe seduction , molestation and betrayal The accuser talked about what occurred after he played racquetball once with Jerry and Matt Sandusky . "  Matt went into the shower , and then me and Jerry came in ... he started pumping his hand full of soap , like he was going to throw it . Matt got out ... he went to another shower -LSB- area -RSB- . " The witness , the first accuser to take the stand , said Matt Sandusky looked "  nervous " when he saw that Jerry Sandusky was about to start a soap fight . According to several of the alleged victims , Jerry Sandusky would often use shower "  soap fights " as a prelude to inappropriate sexual contact . In his 2001 autobiography , "  Touched , " Jerry Sandusky wrote about his relationship with Matt Sandusky , who he met through Second Mile when the youth was 7 or 8 . "  He would visit our house occasionally , but he was never one to get very attached to anyone . He would stand off in the corner somewhere and watch as I would be wrestling with the other kids . He became an instant challenge for me , " Sandusky wrote . "  I did n't want to see him go through life by himself at such a young age . I did n't want to lose him to whatever other fates might have awaited him , so I kept trying and trying to pull him in . " Sandusky detailed the youth 's discipline problems and struggles , ultimately becoming close to his new family . "  He had the strength and the courage to stay loyal to us even when we were n't sure what would happen , " Sandusky wrote . "  He could have hurt us . He could have driven us out of his life , but he did n't . And that will always mean the world to us . " Meanwhile , a man who claims he was repeatedly sexually abused by Sandusky while a child spoke out Thursday . "  He  once  told me if I ever said anything that nobody was going to believe me and he would get my dad fired from Penn State , " Travis Weaver , 30 , told NBC 's "  Rock Center with Brian Williams . " Weaver did not testify in Sandusky 's trial , but did file a civil action against the former coach . Weaver 's attorney , Marci Hamilton , told CNN , "  Travis 's story fits in with other survivors , but also Matt Sandusky . " She said her client at first thought he was the only victim . "  When he found out there were others , he was in real misery , " Hamilton said , adding Sandusky tried to adopt Weaver . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt , Jason Carroll , Dana Garrett , Laura Dolan and In Session 's Michael Christian and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Jurors deliberate until 9:30 p.m. ET ; they 'll reconvene Friday morning Adopted son of Jerry Sandusky says he was prepared to testify Three more criminal counts have been dropped against Jerry Sandusky At least 6 accusers spent the night in the Sandusky home , his wife testifies
Days after he fatally shot an unarmed black teen in August , Officer Darren Wilson was cutting grass when he was told his home address was circulating online . Within three hours , he 'd grabbed some bags and gone into hiding , according to his attorneys . "  He had to leave the grass , literally , half mowed , " his lawyer , Neil Bruntrager , told CNN 's Don Lemon late Wednesday . Since then , he 's stayed under the radar by moving from house to house , including briefly living with one of his lawyers , and spending time watching movies in dark theaters to avoid detection . Wilson says he 's sorry but his conscience is clear ` Not a question of if ... but when ' His lawyers revealed details about his time in hiding to CNN and The Washington Post newspaper Wednesday . They told CNN that Wilson is in talks to leave the Ferguson Police Department and may give up being an officer altogether -- after a grand jury decided not to indict him in the death of Michael Brown . "  It 's not a question of if , it 's a question of when , " Bruntrager said about his leaving the Police Department . Bruntrager confirmed what CNN originally reported last week . His time in hiding Wilson 's shooting of the teen sparked days of sometimes violent protests in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson . As a result , the officer 's address was shared online , forcing him to flee his home , his attorneys said . "  There were death threats out against him , " Bruntrager said . "  There were bounties that had been placed upon his life . " His client , he said , resorted to various measures to hide his identity . "  He 's had to learn to live in a way that makes him completely unnoticeable . As a consequence , there are several techniques that he utilizes that make that happen , " Bruntrager said without elaborating . "  It 's an odd way to live your life . But for him , it 's all about his family . " Except for his getting married last month , Bruntrager told The Washington Post on Wednesday that Wilson mostly stayed out of the public eye . Wilson preferred going to the movies because it was dark , Bruntrager told the paper , jokingly saying that the officer "  cross-dressed a lot . " Keeping him safe was the first priority , he said . Future uncertain Immediately after the shooting , Wilson maintained that he wanted to return to his job as a police officer , his lawyers said . But his officer days may be behind him . "  Realistically , he ca n't go back to being a police officer , " Bruntrager said . "  He knows that . There 's no illusion about any of this . But it 's the way in which he leaves ... that 's important to him on different levels . " "  We want to make sure when he does , it 's amicable , " he told CNN . "  He 's on paid leave , and there are discussions that are going on right now to separate from the department in an amicable fashion . " Another attorney told The Post that Wilson 's safety had a lot to do with his decision to leave . "  I think I expressed to him , ` Do you realize your first call  back on the job  will be to a blind alley where you 're executed ? ' He took a pause for a minute , thought about it and said , ` Oh . ' That is the reality , " his attorney , James Towey , told the paper . Wilson , 28 , spent six years with the Ferguson Police Department before being placed on leave after the shooting on August 9 . Before his stint in Ferguson , he worked for two years at another police department . Last week , CNN reported that Wilson told associates he would resign to help ease pressure and protect his fellow officers . Wilson had expressed concern about resigning while the grand jury was hearing evidence for fear it would appear he was admitting fault . His many interviews Wilson has said he killed the 18-year-old out of fear for his life during their encounter . He maintains he did nothing wrong and was forced to shoot Brown after the teen attacked him and tried to take his gun . "  I just felt the immense power that he had . And then the way I 've described it is , it was like a 5-year-old holding onto Hulk Hogan , " Wilson told ABC News on Tuesday . "  That 's just how big this man was . He was very large , very powerful man . " His lawyers said his story has remained the same throughout . "  I met Darren Wilson approximately one hour after the incident , " his attorney , Greg Kleoppel , told CNN . "  That statement has been consistent one hour after the shooting , the following interview with the St. Louis County detective and on August 10 when it was recorded at the St. Louis County Police Department . " Bruntrager said the officer went through a series of interviews . "  Before he testified before the grand jury , he was also interviewed by the FBI and the Justice Department . They came in and gave him an exceedingly rigorous interview , where they did n't leave any question unasked , " he said . Called a ` murderer ' Brown 's father , Michael Brown Sr. , did n't mince words when he spoke about the officer . He described him as a "  murderer " during an interview with CNN . "  He understood his actions . He understood exactly what he was doing . You know , he did n't have a second thought , a pushback thought , or nothing . He was intending to kill someone . That 's how I look at it , " the elder Brown said . "  He was going to kill someone at that point . " Next steps Wilson 's legal fights may not be over . There 's a federal investigation under way . "  So we have a civil rights charge potentially down the road , " Kleoppel told CNN . "  However , that 's going to be very difficult to prove , because on a civil rights violation , you must prove that he intended to violate an individual 's rights , and in this case , his life . Civil suit ... we 'll have to wait and see . " But his legal issues are the least of Wilson 's worries . "  He still has to deal with so many other issues because of all this , " Bruntrager said . ` Sorry for your loss ' Though he has not said much , Wilson sympathizes with Brown 's family , his lawyers said . "  His remorse and his sadness about what happened is there , and it 's real , " Bruntrager told CNN . "  But in respect to the Browns , he 's been very careful to sort of stand back . He knows that whatever he says , it 's not going to be read as he means it . He thought it 's better to say , ` I 'm sorry for your loss . ' It 's simple , but it 's direct . And if you knew him , you 'd understand that 's the kind of guy he is . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Lawyer : Wilson may give up being an officer altogether "  It 's not a question of if , it 's a question of when , " attorney says Wilson , 28 , spent six years with the Ferguson Police Department
The Ohio man who confessed in a viral video that he killed a man while driving drunk was sentenced Wednesday to six-and-a-half years in prison and a lifetime suspension of his driver 's license . Dressed in a green prison uniform , 22-year-old Matthew Cordle addressed the Columbus , Ohio , courtroom before Judge David Fais handed down his sentence . "  Whatever my sentence may be , the true punishment is living , " Cordle said . He was also ordered to pay court costs and a $ 1,075 fine . Cordle pleaded guilty in September to aggravated vehicular homicide and operating a vehicle while impaired . He made headlines when he posted a YouTube video on September 3 confessing to driving while drunk and killing 61-year old Vincent Canzani on June 22 . Several days after the video appeared online , Cordle surrendered to authorities and was charged for his involvement in the wrong-way crash . Cordle told a judge at a September hearing that he did not remember the night of June 22 because he "  blacked out " from drinking too much . He also told the judge that he had not had any alcohol since the night of the accident , and that he had attended a two-week alcohol rehabilitation program . Wednesday morning , Cordle 's confession video was played in the courtroom . Fais said he felt it would be beneficial for the video to be viewed because it was about "  more than Mr. Cordle . " He said it was about society and the "  epidemic " of drugs and alcohol problems he sees in his courtroom . After the video was shown , the judge read two letters aloud . The first was from the victim 's ex-wife , Cheryl Canzani Oates . In her letter , Oates said her former husband would not want to see two lives lost as a result of this incident . She said she did n't believe Canzani would want to see Cordle receive the maximum sentence and that she believes Cordle was "  sincere in admitting he was sorry " that he took another man 's life . "  Nothing will bring Vincent back , " Oates said in the letter . "  I know what pain Matthew feels . The pain will stay with him until his death . " The second letter was from Herald Dennis , Jr. , who survived what 's called the nation 's worst drunken driving crash in the spring of 1988 in Carrollton , Kentucky . Dennis said he lost several friends and suffered third-degree burns on his body "  as a result of one man 's decision to drive drunk . " In his letter , Dennis said he has waited 25 years for a "  simple acknowledgment or remorse " from the man who caused his accident . Dennis said Cordle showed "  courage to surrender and take responsibility for his actions and show contrition to the family of his victim . " Rising to speak on behalf of her father was the victim 's daughter , Angela Canzani . Addressing the video , she said , "  I 've heard about a message . The message we do n't want to hear is that if you hit and kill someone -- and admit to it -- you get away with it . " "  My father got a death sentence . Eight-and-a-half years is nothing , " she told the judge , referring to the maximum sentence Cordle could have received . "  After eight-and-a-half years , Matthew Cordle will have his life back -- my father is never coming back . " Cordle was the last to speak at the hearing . He offered another apology to the victim 's family . "  It should have been me instead of an innocent man . I vow that I 'll do everything I can to prevent it from happening again and his memory from fading . " Asked Thursday what he thought about the sentence , Cordle told CNN 's "  New Day " from jail that "  there is really no fair sentence when it comes to the loss of life . " "  It 's just time , and time wo n't bring back the victim , unfortunately , " Cordle told CNN 's Chris Cuomo . "  I 'm just glad that the family can have some measure of closure , and I hope that they find peace throughout this . " Cordle said he was "  going to do everything I can to walk out of prison a better man than I walked in . " He said he struggled with drinking , and had been a drunken driver before the night of the fatal crash . "  I think the bad statistic is that first-time DUI offenders drink and drive 80 times before they get caught , and that is definitely a category I fall under , " he said . "  I ca n't believe I did n't see something like this coming . That was one of the biggest emotions that I had throughout this , was frustration with myself . " Asked about Angela Canzani 's feelings about him and his video , Cordle said he understands , and he does n't want to cause her pain . But his message -- pleading with people not to drink and drive -- is "  one that is very necessary , " he said . "  The whole point of it is so people do n't have to feel the pain that she 's feeling , and I hope to prevent that , " he said . Opinion : Online confessions -- morally admirable , legally damaging YouTube confession : Sincere or slick manipulation ?	Matthew Cordle : "  There is really no fair sentence when it comes to the loss of life " Cordle is sentenced to 6 1/2 years in prison ; he faced a maximum of 8 1/2 In an online video , Cordle said he was driving drunk and killed 61-year-old Vincent Canzani
CHARLESTON , South Carolina  CNN  -- Magoline Hazelton is used to people driving by her home just to take a look . She 's also known as the "  house lady " by her fellow residents in North Charleston , South Carolina . Steel shipping containers , like these at a depot , can be turned into homes . From the outside , Hazelton 's home does n't seem much different from the rest of the neighborhood . But there 's one big difference . Her house is made from cargo shipping containers . Using containers to build homes has increasingly become a trend in the past several years because it can be cheaper and faster than using traditional construction methods . There are also plenty of containers at most major ports . About 18 million containers are used worldwide to transport a variety of everyday products , such as cars , toys and food . Because the United States imports more than it exports , many containers end up stacked at ports . See one of the homes being built " SG Blocks , a company whose name stands for safe and green blocks , has made a business from the container overflow . Co-founder David Cross previously worked as a merchant marine and spent a lot of time at sea , dealing with shipping containers . "  As you 're looking down the deck of the vessel , you see hundreds to thousands of containers perfectly configured , " Cross said . "  They were stacked nine high below deck , five or six high on deck , and I just kept seeing hotel after hotel on the deck of our ship . " Watch how residents like living in the homes " Cross also saw value in the strength of the material . "  The containers are designed for hostile dynamic life at sea ... capable of carrying 60,000 pounds . It just made imminent sense , that with minor modification , it could become a multi-family living system . " In 2003 , Cross partnered with engineer Steve Armstrong to help bring the idea to fruition . A year later , Hazelton 's house was built in South Carolina . According to Cross , modifying containers into homes uses significantly less energy than melting them down . "  These containers weigh about 9,000 pounds , and it takes about 9,000 kilowatt hours of energy to melt down 9,000 pounds of steel , " Cross said . "  We modify that existing piece of steel with approximately 400 kilowatt hours of energy input . -LSB- That 's a -RSB- 95 percent energy footprint reduction . " The energy saved by transforming a single container into a home , rather than melting it down , can power a standard 70-watt lightbulb for up to 15 years . The time it takes to assemble a container home can vary , according to Cross . Hazelton 's home took 10 weeks to build . Generally , SG Blocks has found that recycled homes cut construction time in half . "  Typical homes can take four to eight months -LSB- to build -RSB- , " Cross said . "  For container homes , it 's usually two to four months . " According to Armstrong , who is president of SG Blocks , the cost of building a single family container home is comparable to a traditional home . "  But you get a steel home instead of a wood home , " he said . "  So , it 's more durable and has a lower carbon footprint . It 's also water resistant and termite resistant . " The construction becomes cheaper as you get into multi-family homes . According to Armstrong , multi-family mid-rise units cost 10 to 15 percent less than typical "  stick frame " homes . "  That 's a lot to do with speed and ease of construction , " he said . Companies around the world are using shipping containers as building materials to create offices , army barracks , dorms and even designer homes . " -LSB- We -RSB- can make these look like anything you want . -LSB- We -RSB- can put a pretty dress on any skeleton , " Armstrong said . "  So , if you want it minimalistic , so you can see the container walls , we can do that . If you want stucco or brick or siding , -LSB- we -RSB- can do that as well . " While each container has its own roof , when multiple containers are put together side by side , there are gaps between the boxes . Therefore , a traditional roof is put on top of the entire home , providing additional safety in inclement weather . "  When the boxes are joined together , the gaps are sealed , so even if you lose your roof above , you 'd have some protection , " said Armstrong . The second roof also provides another benefit . Hazelton finds she ca n't even hear the rain hitting her home when it 's pouring outside . Her house has been almost maintenance free since she moved in . "  The only thing I 've done here is exchanged the hot water heater . Nothing else I 've had to do in the last five years ... so far , it 's pretty good . "	18 million shipping containers transport goods worldwide ; many left at U.S. ports Shipping containers are recycled into homes and other structures Amsterdam has one of the biggest container structures , housing 1,000 students
CNN  Way to make us weep , Taylor Swift . As if she did n't smash 2014 enough with a blockbuster album and dominance of the headlines , Swift had one final gift for the world on December 31 . The superstar posted a video of her gift-giving to fans , which has become known as "  Swiftmas . " Here 's how it worked : After the successful release of her "  1989 " album , Swift did some "  Tay-lurking , " in which she followed some fans on social media , taking in personal details including likes and dislikes . The video features the singer wrapping gifts for some of her fans and shipping them to the adoring bunch . In one case , Swift personally travels to Connecticut to deliver gifts to the young son of one adoring fan . As you can imagine , there are squeals , tears and total meltdowns over the generosity of a celeb who has become known for breaking down the wall of fame  she famously hosted tons of them in her various homes for private listening parties before to the release of her new album  . So cheers to you , Taylor Swift . We suspect that you are about to rock 2015 like no one 's business . Taylor Swift takes over the world	Taylor Swift released a video December 31 In it , she sends fans gifts for the holidays The reactions are tears , squeals and meltdowns
CNN  -- The Netherlands finally found some pre-Euro 2012 form on Saturday with an ominous 6-0 thrashing of Northern Ireland that will boost the 2010 World Cup finalists ' hopes of a second continental title . Having lost to German club Bayern Munich and 96th-ranked Bulgaria before beating Slovakia 2-0 on Wednesday , the 1988 European champions needed a good result before heading to the tournament in Poland and Ukraine . Coach Bert van Marwijk gave a pointer to the opening Group B game against Denmark on June 9 by leaving free-scoring striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar on the bench , as Robin van Persie spearheaded the attack with Arjen Robben and Ibrahim Afellay on the wings . The Arsenal forward continued the form that made him the English Premier League 's top scorer as he netted twice , while Barcelona 's Afellay also bagged a double . Wes Sneijder scored the second goal with a superb free-kick in the 15th minute as the Inter Milan playmaker shook off an ankle worry that saw him fail to finish the Slovakia game , while defender Ron Vlaar sealed it with a header on 78 . Denmark also wrapped up preparations with a win , bouncing back from the 3-1 defeat by Brazil to beat Australia 2-0 . Daniel Agger netted a first-half penalty and fellow central defender Andreas Bjelland doubled the lead in the second half . However Portugal -- who face Germany in the other Group B opener -- crashed to a disappointing 3-1 home defeat against Turkey as Cristiano Ronaldo missed a penalty . Having been held goalless by Poland and Macedonia , the Euro 2004 finalists needed a good result but went 2-0 down as Toulouse striker Umut Bulut scored in each half . Midfielder Nani reduced the deficit in the 57th minute , but Real Madrid top scorer Ronaldo 's penalty was saved by Volkan Demirel before defender Pepe diverted an attempted clearance by teammate Ricardo Costa into his own net near the end of the match . Co-hosts Poland , who kick off the tournament with a Group A match against Greece on Friday , won 4-0 against European minnows Andorra . Ludovic Obraniak and striker Robert Lewandowski scored before Jakub Blaszczykowski 's penalty made it 3-0 at halftime , while Marcin Wasilewski added another spot-kick after the break in front of a 30,000 crowd in Warsaw . New England boss Roy Hodgson enjoyed his second successive 1-0 victory , but faces more injury problems following the home match against Belgium . Hodgson has already lost midfielders Gareth Barry and Frank Lampard for Euro 2012 , and now Gary Cahill needs a scan on a suspected broken jaw and fellow central defender John Terry will have a tight hamstring checked . Manchester United striker Danny Welbeck scored the only goal of the game in the first half , but was taken off as a precaution in the second period . Croatia conceded a late equalizer in a 1-1 draw with Norway , as striker Eduardo 's second-half header was canceled out by Tarik Elyounoussi . Slaven Bilic 's team , who beat Estonia 3-1 on May 25 , will face the Republic of Ireland in their Group C opener next weekend . In World Cup qualifiers , Uruguay and Venezuela moved to the top of the South American group after a 1-1 draw in Montevideo . However , both nations could be overtaken by Argentina and Chile , who were to play fifth-placed Ecuador and bottom team Bolivia respectively later on Saturday . In African qualifiers , Cameroon 's Indomitable Lions made a winning start to their bid to appear at the World Cup for the seventh time , beating Democratic Republic of Congo 1-0 . With captain Samuel Eto'o suspended , the winner came via a second-half penalty from Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting . In Group B , Tunisia beat Equatorial Guinea 3-1 while Sierra Leone won 2-1 at home Cape Verde Islands . In Group C , Ivory Coast opened with a 2-0 win over 10-man Tanzania thanks to goals from European Champions League winners Salomon Kalou and Didier Drogba , while Morocco fought back to earn a 1-1 draw away to Gambia . In Group D , African Cup of Nations champions Zambia lost 2-0 away to Sudan -- and next weekend face Ghana , who thrashed Lesotho 7-0 . Senegal beat Liberia 3-1 in Group J , while on Friday Egypt won 2-0 against Mozambique in Group G.	Netherlands crush Northern Ireland 6-0 in final Euro 2012 warmup match Portugal lose at home to Turkey while England suffer more injury problems Uruguay held by Venezuela in South American World Cup qualifying match Cameroon and Ivory Coast win as African qualifiers start for Brazil 2014
CNN  -- Authorities in New Hampshire bolstered their search operations Thursday in their search for a 11-year-old who a school nurse described as a "  young girl who is afraid and needs to be home . " Speaking on behalf of her community , Kirsten Lyons pleaded for the public 's help in locating "  our beautiful Celina " Cass , who was last seen Monday night in her northern New Hampshire home . "  Celina is a young girl who is afraid and needs to be home , " Lyons told reporters on Thursday . "  She  is missed very much . " About 100 investigators -- including FBI agents , New Hampshire and Vermont state police , local authorities and employees of the state 's fish and game department -- went door-to-door Thursday in the small , tight-knit town of West Stewartstown , said FBI Supervisory Special Agent Kieran Ramsey . New Hampshire Senior Assistant Attorney General Jane Young noted authorities had received about 150 tips as of early Thursday evening , and were checking each one . Help has come from as far as Virginia -- including from FBI headquarters in Quantico -- Pennsylvania and New York , she added . "  It is our greatest hope that we find her and we bring her home safely , " Young said Thursday , declining to field questions from reporters . Celina was last seen in her room , at her computer , at about 9 p.m. Monday night , according to police . WMUR reported that her parents told authorities the girl was gone when they went to wake her up Tuesday morning . Authorities have offered few further details on the case , nor has an Amber Alert been issued . Young said that investigators are looking at computer and phone records , trying to find clues . "  I can tell what we have not learned : And that is , where is Celina Cass now ? " Ramsey said . Celina 's disappearance has rattled many in West Stewartstown , a town along the border with Vermont and Canada that has about 1,000 people , according to the state of New Hampshire . Friends and relatives have spent much of the past few days putting up posters and doing what they can to find the girl . "  We really want to know that she 's OK , that she 's safe , " family friend Amanda Chapple told CNN Manchester affiliate WMUR . "  We want her home . We need her home . " Friends have set up a Facebook page , "  Missing Celina Cass , " with one of the fliers serving as a profile picture . According to the flier , Celina is 5 feet , 5 inches tall and weighs 95 pounds , with long brown hair and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a pink shirt , pink pullover and blue shorts . Lyons , who has been a nurse for 15 years at Celina 's elementary school , said that the girl "  loves her family and is especially devoted to her sister . " "  Celina , we want you to know that the entire community -- your friends , your family -- are doing everything possible , " Lyons said .	NEW : The search continues for Celina Cass , 11 , in northern New Hampshire NEW : About 100 federal , state and local investigators are looking for her , clues NEW : They are going door-to-door , but have offered little info to the public The girl was last seen at her home on 9 p.m. Monday
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A drug addiction expert who testified that Michael Jackson suffered a "  quite extensive " drug addiction acknowledged there was no evidence the singer used more painkillers than medically necessary . Dr. Petros Levounis testified Tuesday and Wednesday for AEG Live in its defense of the wrongful death lawsuit filed by Jackson 's mother and children . Lawyers for the concert promoter want to convince jurors that the singer was a secretive addict responsible for his own death from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol . Their executives had no way of knowing the singer was in danger when he was preparing for his comeback concerts in 2009 , they contend . Jackson lawyers contend AEG Live executives are liable because they negligently hired , retained or supervised the doctor who used propofol to treat Jackson 's insomnia as he prepared for his comeback concerts during the last two months of his life . The conclusion that Jackson was dependent on painkillers was not a revelation , considering Jackson himself announced it when he cut his "  Dangerous " tour short to enter a rehab program in 1993 . "  If he announced it to the world it 's not very private , is it ? " Jackson lawyer Michael Koskoff asked Levounis . "  At that moment , he was not secretive , " Levounis replied . Jackson 's drugs of choice were opioids , painkillers given to him by doctors repairing scalp injuries suffered in a fire and during cosmetic procedures to make him look younger , Levounis testified . Labeling Jackson an addict could tarnish the singer 's image among jurors , but its relevance to AEG Live 's liability is questionable . Opioids played no role in Jackson 's death , according to the Los Angeles County coroner . His June 25 , 2009 , death was ruled a result of an overdose of propofol . Dr. Conrad Murray told investigators he infused the singer with propofol for 60 consecutive nights to treat his insomnia so he could rest for rehearsals . The judge would not allow Levounis to testify if he thought Jackson was addicted to propofol . Anesthesiologist : Jackson recruited me to help with insomnia Levounis said addiction happens when a chemical "  hijacks the pleasure-reward pathways " in your brain . "  You remain addicted for the rest of your life , " Levounis testified . "  Michael Jackson 's addiction was quite extensive and I have very little doubt that his pleasure-reward pathways had been hijacked and he suffered from addiction , " he said . Levounis conceded he saw no evidence that Jackson used painkillers after he left rehab in 1993 until 2001 or between July 2003 and late 2008 . He said it is not inconsistent for an addiction to go into remission . Under cross examination Wednesday morning , Levounis conceded that he never saw evidence that Jackson injected himself with narcotics , ever sought or used illegal drugs such as cocaine , meth or heroin , or abused drugs to produce euphoria or get high . There was also no evidence Jackson used more painkillers than doctors prescribed , he said . Jackson lawyers have never disputed the singer 's drug dependence . In fact , they contend that AEG Live executives , including one who was Jackson 's tour manager when he entered rehab , were negligent for paying a doctor $ 150,000 a month just to treat Jackson . The high salary created a conflict for the debt-ridden Murray , making it difficult for him to say no to Jackson 's demands for drugs . Paul Gongaware , the AEG Live co-CEO who was in charge of Jackson 's 2009 "  This Is It " tour , was also tour manager for his "  Dangerous " tour in 1993 . Levounis acknowledged in testimony Wednesday that there was evidence that Gongaware knew about Jackson 's painkiller addiction 15 years before his death . Levounis ' testimony about the dangers of a doctor being too friendly with an addicted patient , which he said Murray was , could help the Jacksons ' case . "  A very close friendship between an addicted patient and a doctor is problematic , " Levounis testified . "  It makes it much easier for a patient to ask for drugs and it makes it more difficult for a provider to resist . " The medical records of Murray 's treatment of Jackson between 2006 and 2008 -- when the singer lived in Las Vegas -- showed no painkillers prescribed during seven visits . Murray 's notes did show he treated Jackson 's complaints of insomnia with a sedative in 2008 . Wednesday was the 76th day of testimony in the trial , which is expected to conclude near the end of September .	NEW : Expert saw no evidence Jackson ever sought or used illegal drugs NEW : No evidence Jackson used more painkillers than doctors prescribed , expert testifies Jackson 's mom and children contend AEG Live is liable in the singer 's death AEG Live argues it could not have known about Jackson 's propofol use
CNN  -- Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi called for the rule of law , an end to ethnic conflict and strong democratic institutions in Myanmar on Thursday as she began a historic first trip to Europe after decades of house arrest . "  Am I overly ambitious ? " she asked , then smiled . "  Well , perhaps . I am ambitious . " The audience erupted in laughter and cheers as she declared that she was speaking not as a representative of government , then grinned and added : "  Not yet , anyway . " The democracy campaigner was speaking at the annual conference of the International Labour Organization , a U.N. agency . Worker and employer representatives , as well as government officials , attended the event . Answering questions after the speech , she said she had nothing to forgive the country 's military rulers for . "  In some ways I do n't think they did anything to me . They placed me under house arrest , but that gave me time to read , " she said with a smile , adding : "  Sometimes when my schedule is very hectic , I look back with some nostalgia " at nearly two decades of being confined to her home . She said her country , which is also known as Burma , needs "  reconciliation , not retribution , " as it moves toward democracy . Suu Kyi was recently elected to parliament as her National League for Democracy won dozens of seats in by-elections . It remains a minority in parliament . Suu Kyi said she was "  concerned " about ethnic and religious violence in the country after clashes between Buddhists and Muslims in the past week have left many dead or homeless . "  Of course I am concerned , as I think everybody else in Burma is , " Suu Kyi said of the clashes in Rakhine state . "  We have said again and again rule of law is essential . ... Without rule of law , such communal strife will only continue , " she warned , urging that the conflict be handled with delicacy , sensitivity and "  cooperation of all people concerned . " She also addressed ethnic violence in Kachin state , saying : "  A cease-fire is not enough . We have to have a political settlement if there is to be a lasting peace . " U.N. special envoy Vijay Nambiar , who returned from a visit to Rakhine on Thursday , said he had seen smoke rising from the remains of houses that had been burned . "  I 'd like to say the worst is behind us , " he told CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout , but could not say that the unrest was over . "  Trauma , fear , insecurity " will continue for some time , he warned , and said that reconciliation in the area will be "  a long haul . " Violent clashes between Buddhists and Muslims prompted the government of President Thein Sein to declare a state of emergency in Rakhine on Sunday , calling in the military to help impose order . The unrest in the western coastal area of Myanmar , which borders Bangladesh , has left 21 people dead and thousands seeking shelter in refugee camps , Myanmar state TV reported Tuesday evening . Suu Kyi said part of the problem was the "  porous border " and "  fear that there will be illegal immigrants . " "  We need very clear and precise laws with regard to citizenship , " she said . She urged International Labour Organization delegates to think of the people of her country as "  your own people , your own children , " as she described the hopelessness many young people in Myanmar face . "  Restless , directionless youth agonize over the fruitlessness of their existence , " she said . "  Please encourage your governments , your businesses , your workers to build the kind of society that will build the future of our country , " she said in a departure from her prepared text . She called on them "  not just to look at investment opportunities " in the mineral-rich nation , but "  to judge how much potential there is for good for the whole world . ... Our people have such spirit in them . " The International Labour Organization has for years pressured Myanmar to eradicate forced labor , which it says is widespread in the country . On Wednesday , the conference voted to lift restrictions on Myanmar 's participation in the organization 's activities , ending 13 years of isolation . During her trip , Suu Kyi will finally collect the Nobel Peace Prize that she was awarded in 1991 , when she was under house arrest . She said Thursday that she had been too busy preparing for the trip to think about how she would feel when she received it . While in Europe , she is also scheduled to address both houses of the British Parliament , be the guest of honor at a concert in Dublin , Ireland , and celebrate her 67th birthday with family . The trip is only Suu Kyi 's second abroad since she returned to Myanmar in 1988 to care for her dying mother , and comes close on the heels of her first trip outside the country earlier this year . A military coup in September 1988 put Gen. Saw Maung in power , setting off anti-government demonstrations and a crackdown that left hundreds dead . Suu Kyi -- whose husband , Michael Aris , remained in England -- became a leading activist and co-founder of an opposition group , the National League for Democracy . She was placed under house arrest for the first time the following July on charges of trying to divide the military . She spent much of the next two decades confined to her home by the ruling junta . When her party won the 1990 general election in a landslide vote , the military rulers -- in power since 1962 -- refused to let the National League for Democracy serve , nullifying the results . The military rulers have since loosened their grip on power , allowing a series of democratic reforms . Her house arrest ended in 2010 , and she was able to travel around the country during her party 's election campaign this year . On Saturday , about 21 years after she was awarded the prize , Suu Kyi is expected to finally deliver her Nobel lecture at the Oslo City Hall in Norway . Cities hosting her are well prepared for the fanfare . In Dublin , a giant banner hangs from Liberty Hall ahead of her scheduled Monday arrival . There , she will be the special guest at a concert , "  Electric Burma . " The event is organized by Art for Amnesty founder Bill Shipsey and features a range of entertainers and personalities , including Bono , Vanessa Redgrave , Bob Geldof , Angelique Kidjo and former Tiananmen Square student activist Wu'er Kaixi . Amnesty International , which has campaigned for Suu Kyi and other political prisoners in Myanmar during the past two decades , will award Suu Kyi its highest honor , the Ambassador of Conscience Award . Past recipients include Nelson Mandela and Vaclav Havel . Bono , who has long dedicated the song "  Walk On " to Suu Kyi at U2 concerts to highlight her detention , will present the award . Tickets for the event sold out in 20 minutes . From Ireland , she plans to travel to Britain -- where she spent time as a student -- to celebrate her birthday Tuesday , before she addresses lawmakers at Westminster Hall in London on June 21 , an honor usually reserved for heads of state . Suu Kyi 's trip will end in Paris , where she will be a guest of French President Francois Hollande from June 26 to 29 in honor of her "  fight for democracy and the rights of man and to reaffirm France 's will to support the political transition in Myanmar , " according to the Elysee Palace . CNN 's Elizabeth Yuan and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : Aung San Suu Kyi says she has nothing to forgive Myanmar 's military rulers for NEW : She calls for a cease-fire and political reconciliation after ethnic clashes An audience cheers as Suu Kyi says she does n't represent government -- yet She will collect her Nobel Prize on her first visit to Europe in more than two decades
Editor 's note : CNN Contributor Bob Greene is a best-selling author whose new book is "  Late Edition : A Love Story . " Bob Greene says a beer summit would n't unite Chicago police veterans and protesters remembering 1968 conflict . CNN  -- Beer summits at the White House notwithstanding , not all controversies between the police and the citizens they serve are destined to turn into gauzy , orchestrated "  teachable moments . " Some wounds are so deep that they just may last forever . Which is a lesson in itself . As interesting an evening as I have spent this year took place earlier this summer on a Chicago , Illinois , street well west of downtown . "  Just wanted to come spend time with some old friends , " said Tom Dempsey , 67 , as he arrived at the lodge of the Fraternal Order of Police , next door to a plumbers ' union training center . He had plenty of company . This was the first reunion of Chicago police officers assigned to the streets during the 1968 Democratic National Convention . Not to diminish the heat of the emotions in Cambridge , Massachusetts , this summer , but in terms of international attention being focused on a police department , what happened in Cambridge was rather mild . The mayhem on the streets of Chicago during that long-ago August week , captured on film and in still photographs , has emblemized a moment in history . A federal commission used the term "  police riot " ; for more than 40 years the officers who were there have been offended and angry about that . So here they were in 2009 , retirees in shorts and in golf shirts , in natty blazers and in khaki trousers . "  A celebration ? " said Bill Jaconetti , 66 . "  A celebration of what ? This is just some former police officers getting together to remember when we were asked to protect a great American city . " He fully understood it was n't as simple as that ; it never has been . The organizers of the reunion had elected to use uncompromising language on the Web site announcing the event . The anti-war demonstrators of 1968 were "  Marxist street thugs " ; criticism of the actions of the police was "  unwarranted , inaccurate and wrong . " The language was destined to get attention , and it did . Thus , half a block to the west of the lodge this summer , protesters were gathering behind police barricades . They felt that the organizers of the police reunion had mischaracterized and purposely insulted the anti-Vietnam war demonstrators of 1968 ; the police , for their part , have long believed that they were the ones who were provoked at that Democratic convention , that they were goaded in ways that were guaranteed to culminate with violent confrontations . Now , on this summer evening in 2009 , the protesters , many of them not born in 1968 , looked toward the arriving retired officers and chanted : "  No justice ! No peace ! No riot police ! " The whole world was n't watching . In Grant Park near Chicago 's lakefront -- site of some of the ugliest convention-week battles of 1968 -- hundreds of thousands of people had congregated on this day in 2009 . It had nothing to do with the police reunion . Taste of Chicago , the annual food-and-music festival , had opened its 10-day run . Miles distant from that , out on Washington Boulevard , there were perhaps a few hundred retired officers in the lodge , and a lesser number of demonstrators to the west . Anyone three blocks away would have been unaware of either group . Many of the marquee players from the famous Democratic convention -- Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin from the dissenters , the first Mayor Richard Daley from the city , Chet Huntley and David Brinkley from the national media that spread the pictures -- are dead . And the former police officers who were approaching the front door of the lodge ? "  I know there were probably a lot of peaceful demonstrators in '68 who did n't want all that to happen , " said John Wotring , 63 , who had flown up from his home in Sanford , Florida . The one remnant from his life as a street cop is that the nickname his buddies had for him -- "  Johnny Wo " -- is now , in retirement , a proud part of his e-mail address . They 're on the back nine of life . "  You ask about your buddy -- you say , ` How 's so-and-so doing ? ' " said John Murray , 62 , who was 21 during convention week . "  You get the answer : ` He died ' " The calls of this year 's protesters summoned certain echoes . Murray said : "  I was the age of the demonstrators in ' 68 . I was a kid , too . But all they saw was the uniform . " The two sides did n't speak to each other then , and not much seemed to have changed . "  I think it 's fine they 're here , " said retired officer Harold Brown . "  It 's a nice night . They 're not hurting anyone . " But the people chanting , kept at a distance , could not hear him . John Eshoo , 68 , formerly of the 18th District , said , "  Was I angry convention week ? No . I was just so amazed that we were being faced with what we were being faced with . " There 's never going to be common ground , or an inch given on either side , even after everyone who was at the famous convention is gone . "  I had served as a Marine corporal in Vietnam for 13 months , " said Ken Lavorata , 64 . "  And then I came home and joined the Chicago police and there I was . " The truly radical thing , on a 21st-century summer evening , would have been for someone to take down the wooden barricades at the end of the block and let the cops and those who were chanting toward them get together and talk . But if that was going to happen , it would have happened long ago . "  I was n't a big fan of the war , either , " said retired patrol officer Murray , on a night so pretty it made you half-believe that life can be like that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Not all police-citizen disputes can be healed by a "  beer summit " He says 1968 Chicago police veterans held a reunion this year He says their publicity sparked protesters , who held a rally nearby Greene : More than 40 years later , the sides have n't found common ground
CNN  -- Social media posts Wednesday landed a Philadelphia teenager in jail after prosecutors accused him of using Twitter to reveal the names of witnesses in court cases . The case against Nasheen Anderson , 17 , who was charged with witness intimidation and making terroristic threats , offers a glimpse into how the reach and power of social media could be used to derail criminal cases . "  The actions of this teenager could have lasting repercussions on untold cases here in Philadelphia , " District Attorney Seth Williams said in a statement . Anderson is accused of posting information related to a 2012 shooting in Southwest Philadelphia on his Twitter account , according to Tasha Jamerson , a spokeswoman for the district attorney . Anderson also allegedly reposted information from a now-invalid Instagram account known as "  Rats215 " that listed photos and information about witnesses in Philadelphia criminal cases , according to police spokeswoman Tanya Little . The owner of the Instagram account is not known , but police were investigating its origin , Little said . Prosecutors will seek to try Anderson as an adult . "  Witness intimidation has reached near epidemic levels and we are very serious about not only stopping it , but also prosecuting the criminals who are engaging in these despicable actions to fullest extent of the law , " Williams said in the statement . Anderson was being held at juvenile detention center , and a judge will rule in the coming weeks if he will be tried as an adult , Jamerson said . As of Wednesday afternoon , Anderson did not have an attorney , Jamerson said .	Teen 's tweeting of crime witnesses ' data could hurt cases , Philadelphia prosecutor says Nasheen Anderson , 17 , is accused of posting information about a 2012 shooting on Twitter He allegedly reposted witnesses ' photos from defunct Instagram account , prosecutor says
CNN  -- Massachusetts sued the U.S. government on Wednesday , challenging the constitutionality of a federal law that defines marriage as the union of a man and a woman . The state of Massachusetts says the Defense of Marriage Act denies same-sex couples essential rights . "  We 're taking this action today because , first , we believe that -LSB- the Defense of Marriage Act -RSB- directly interferes with Massachusetts ' long-standing sovereign authority to define and regulate the marital status of its residents , " Attorney General Martha Coakley said Wednesday afternoon . "  Massachusetts has a single category of married persons , and we view all married persons equally and identically , " she said . "  DOMA divides that category into two distinct and unequal classes of marriage . " The lawsuit argues that the act , which became law in 1996 , denies same-sex couples essential rights and protections , including federal income tax credits , employment and retirement benefits , health insurance coverage and Social Security payments . "  In enacting DOMA , Congress overstepped its authority , undermined states ' efforts to recognize marriages between same-sex couples , and codified an animus towards gay and lesbian people , " the state wrote in the lawsuit , which was filed Wednesday in federal court . Massachusetts , the first state to legalize gay marriage , said that about 16,000 same-sex couples have been married there since 2004 , when it began issuing marriage licenses . Since that time , the lawsuit said , "  the security and stability of families has been strengthened in important ways throughout the state . " The state is challenging Section 3 of the law , which defines marriage as "  a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife " and a spouse as "  a person of the opposite sex who is a husband or a wife . " Before the act , the lawsuit argues , defining marital status was the prerogative of the states . The law "  eviscerated more than 200 years of federal government deference to the states with respect to defining marriage , " it said . The lawsuit also argues that the law forces Massachusetts to treat same-sex married couples differently from heterosexual married couples , particularly through determining who qualifies for the state 's Medicaid program , known as MassHealth , and whether a same-sex spouse of a veteran can be buried in a veteran cemetery . "  But for DOMA , married individuals in same-sex relationships in the commonwealth would receive the same status , obligations , responsibilities , rights , and protections as married individuals in different-sex relationships under local , state , and federal laws , " the lawsuit said . The defendants named in the lawsuit include the Department of Health and Human Services , Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius , the Department of Veterans Affairs , Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki and the United States itself . Charles Miller , a spokesman for the Department of Justice , said the department will review the case but noted that President Obama supports the legislative repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act . In March , Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders -- the same Boston-based group that successfully argued in 2003 for same-sex marriage rights in Massachusetts -- also sued the federal government over Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act . Besides Massachusetts , three other states recognize same-sex marriages : Connecticut , Maine , and Iowa . Vermont and New Hampshire will join their company when same-sex marriages become legal later this year and early next year .	Lawsuit challenges constitutionality of Defense of Marriage Act Measure defines marriage as between man and woman Attorney General : Law means state ca n't define and regulate marriage Suit says law denies same-sex married couples essential rights , protections
New York  CNN  -- Former ESPN writer Anthony Federico apologized Monday for writing an offensive headline about basketball sensation Jeremy Lin , calling it "  an honest mistake . " The controversial headline read "  Chink in the Armor : Jeremy Lin 's 9 Turnovers Cost Knicks in Streak-stopping Loss to Hornets . " The phrase -- Chink in the Armor -- contains a word that has two meanings ; one is an ethnic slur . "  I 'd love to tell Jeremy what happened and explain that this was an honest mistake , " Federico told the New York Daily News in an interview published Monday . ESPN fired Federico and suspended Max Bretos , an anchor who used the same phrase , the sports network said Sunday . Federico told the paper , "  ESPN did what they had to do . " The ESPN headline Saturday morning was up for 35 minutes before being removed , but the damage was done . ESPN apologized Saturday stating , "  We again apologize , especially to Mr. Lin . His accomplishments are a source of great pride to the Asian-American community , including the Asian-American employees at ESPN . " Federico offered a similar apology in the interview with the Daily News . "  I 'm so sorry that I offended people . I 'm so sorry if I offended Jeremy , " he said . Lin , 23 , came off the bench earlier this month to guide the New York Knicks to win after improbable win . The unlikely star of Taiwanese descent quickly turned into a global brand and "  Linsanity " became the phrase of the times . Lin addressed the controversy during a news conference Sunday following the Knicks ' 104-97 win over the Dallas Mavericks , the defending national champions . He said he did not think the headline was intentional . "  I do n't think it was on purpose , " Lin said . "  At the same time , they 've apologized . I do n't care anymore . " In reflecting on his time at ESPN , Federico told the New York Daily News , "  I had a career that I was proud of . "	Former ESPN employee Anthony Federico tells the New York Daily News , "  I 'm so sorry " He wrote a headline that included the phrase "  Chink in the Armor " Basketball sensation Jeremy Lin did not think the slur was on purpose and does not care anymore Federico tells the paper he is proud of his career at ESPN
CNN  -- Friday 's launch of the iPhone 3GS could usher in an innovative and lucrative new era for those who create applications for the popular device , developers and industry observers say . This woman in an iPhone costume was among the crowd outside an Apple Store in New York City on Friday . The phone 's upgraded hardware , combined with a new operating system , will allow developers to design apps that would n't have worked on previous models of the iPhone . For example , developers said , the iPhone 3GS is the first iPhone with a video camera , which could inspire apps that edit or mix video clips . Other developers are eyeing the new phone 's built-in compass or its "  push notification " feature , which pings users with messages even if its instant-message application is not open . "  Apple has given us all these new tools , " said William Kasel , founder and CEO of Jumpfox , a San Francisco , California-based company that makes mobile apps . "  And I ca n't wait to see what developers come out with in the next six months . The new features really take -LSB- the phone -RSB- to a whole new level . " Apple fans in the United States and seven other countries lined up Friday morning to be among the first to get their hands on the new iPhone 3GS , billed as the fastest , most feature-laden iPhone yet . iReport : Buying an iPhone 3GS ? Lines outside Apple 's 211 retail stores in the United States were generally shorter than for last July 's debut of the iPhone 3G , probably because owners of that phone balked at paying upgrade fees to wireless carrier AT&T or could simply update their devices by downloading the iPhone 's new 3.0 operating system . The buying process also seemed smoother than last summer 's iPhone launch , which was marred by slow-moving lines and a flood of customers trying to activate their phones at once . According to reports on Twitter , many iPhone 3GS buyers were able to activate their phones faster and more smoothly than last year . The new iPhone contains a processor that Apple claims is more than twice as fast as its 3G model , plus a video camera , voice control , longer battery life and a built-in compass . It comes with an upgraded operating system -- which Apple released Wednesday for download onto older iPhones -- with 100 new functions , including the ability to copy and paste text . But the phone 's biggest game-changer , observers say , may be new software that allows iPhone users to make purchases within applications . On previous versions of the iPhone , applications linked users to Web sites where they could buy consumer goods or other items . With the new iPhone 3.0 operating system , users can shop entirely within apps designed specially for the phone , which promises to make for smoother transactions . App developers love this new function . Until now , they earned money only when people bought applications through Apple 's App Store , or from selling ads within the apps themselves . But now , for example , a game developer could charge users a few extra dollars to access higher levels of a video game . Other apps could allow users to locate the nearest movie theater , and then buy tickets . "  It 's a whole new revenue stream , " said Brian X. Chen , who writes about consumer technology for Wired.com . Chen believes the new feature could help iPhone app developers achieve long-term profits instead of hoping for an App Store "  one-hit wonder " that sells well and then disappears . "  This could be absolutely huge for a lot of people , " agreed MG Siegler , who writes for TechCrunch , a popular technology blog . "  There 's a lot of money to be made there , I think . " Siegler believes another bonus of the iPhone 3GS 's new software is its ability to interact with special accessories via Bluetooth and the phone 's dock connector . To cite one example that Apple showcased at a recent 3.0 event , a diabetes app could hook up with an insulin meter , allowing a diabetes patient to check his or her glucose levels . Developers already are customizing apps for the new iPhone . Jumpfox is hoping to launch BuzzBuy , its PayPal-like e-commerce widget , as an iPhone 3GS app this summer . And ScrollMotion plans to introduce an upgraded version of its Iceberg reader , which will allow iPhone users to download more than 50 magazines , 170 newspapers and 1 million books to their devices for reading on the go . "  We love the new 3.0 functionality , " said Josh Koppel , a ScrollMotion co-founder , who also believes the phone 's copy-and-paste feature will help students and other readers get more use from the Iceberg app . "  A new way to monetize on this magical device ... is the best thing we could have asked for . " The popular phone went on sale Friday in the U.S. and Canada plus six European countries : France , Germany , Italy , Spain , Switzerland and the United Kingdom . Watch iPhone buyers lined up in London " About 300 people stood outside the flagship Apple Store on New York 's Fifth Avenue waiting for the doors to open Friday morning . In Atlanta , Georgia , more than 100 people were in line early Friday outside an Apple Store at Lenox Square mall . "  It does n't seem like it 's the Apple fanatics -LSB- this time -RSB- . It 's moms and dads , " said Robin Cutshaw , 51 , who lined up for previous iPhone launches in 2007 and 2008 . An IT specialist , Cutshaw said he travels everywhere with his iPhone and once even used it to work remotely from a beach in Brazil . "  It does n't go in the shower with me , but that 's about it , " he said . Some who had preordered phones were frustrated by how slowly their line moved outside the Atlanta store . But Marc Kagan , 31 , said that buying his new phone took him about three hours , much less than the 10 hours it took last year . Customers encountered problems activating their new phones last July because demand overwhelmed Apple 's iTunes servers . But on Friday , Kagan said it took Apple employees about 15 minutes to activate his phone in the store . "  It went pretty smooth . I think they 're a little more organized this year , " he said . AT&T stores , Best Buy and Wal-Mart also are selling the iPhone 3GS , although preorders through AT&T and Best Buy sold out before Friday . Advance buzz about the iPhone 3GS has been largely positive . In a review , CNET gave it a four-star , or excellent , rating . Compare the iPhone 3GS to three other smartphones " An iPhone 3GS with 16 gigabytes of storage sells for $ 199 with a new two-year AT&T contract ; one with 32G capacity will cost $ 299 . Since June 8 Apple has been selling the iPhone 3G model for $ 99 -- half its original price . Apple has sold more than 17 million iPhones since the iconic device hit the market in 2007 . Apple 's phones are the second-best-selling consumer smartphones in the United States , according to the NPD Group , an online market-research firm . See a chart tracking iPhone sales " The launch comes less than a week after rival Palm unveiled its much ballyhooed Pre smartphone on the Sprint network and Research In Motion announced it will debut the new BlackBerry Tour on Sprint and Verizon in the coming months . CNN.com 's John D. Sutter contributed to this story .	NEW : Friday 's launch could usher in a new era for mobile apps , observers say NEW : New software allows iPhone users to make purchases within applications NEW : Lines at Apple 's stores were shorter than for last July 's debut of the iPhone 3G Phone went on sale at 7 a.m. ET in the U.S. and Canada , following European launch
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Protesters in Egypt , rowdy with revolutionary fervor , dug in for an 18th day of demonstrations Friday , one day after Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak refused to step down . In a highly anticipated speech , Mubarak clung to the presidency but said he would "  delegate powers " to Vice President Omar Suleiman according to the constitution -- a major concession from the man who has ruled Egypt with an iron grip for 30 years . His speech , however , enraged protesters in Tahrir Square , who want Mubarak to leave now . Packed in like sardines and showing no sign of giving up , many said they were spending the night in the square for the first time since the protests began . The mood of the crowd was relentlessly upbeat , even at 3 a.m. . A splinter group of demonstrators marched to the presidential palace , where the military maintains a strong presence . Another group rallied in front of a state television building . Massive street demonstrations are expected on Friday . "  Get out ! Get out ! " angry protesters chanted as Mubarak spoke . After the the president 's speech , parliamentary speaker Ahmed Fathi Srour told state-run Nile TV that Mubarak 's move had put the authority for the day-to-day running of the government in Suleiman 's hands . That would include oversight of the police , the Interior Ministry and other key agencies , control of economic policy and running any negotiations with the opposition . Srour echoed Mubarak 's statement in adding that the constitution specifically prohibits the president from delegating other key powers to the vice president . As a result , the power to dismiss parliament or dismiss the government and the power to ask for amendments to the constitution remain in Mubarak 's hands , not Suleiman 's . "  The vice president is the de facto president , " Egypt 's ambassador to the United States , Sameh Shoukry , told CNN , shortly after Mubarak spoke . Protesters watched Mubarak 's speech on screens hoisted above their heads in Tahrir Square . Quiet at first , they waited to hear what he would say . When it became clear the president would not stand down , they erupted . "  Illegitimate ! " they cried . "  Mubarak , the coward , must stand down ! " "  Everyone 's lost , " Khalid Abdalla , a demonstrator in the square and star of the motion picture "  The Kite Runner , " said after the president 's speech . "  People are trying to work out what more they can do . " Mubarak stressed -- as he has before -- that he would not run for another term in September . He also expressed regret for any loss of life and said he would move to repeal Article 179 of the Egyptian constitution , which allows Mubarak to send anyone suspected of terrorism to a military court , "  as soon as we regain stability and security . " His comments came as pressure on Mubarak 's regime intensified throughout the day . Rumors had run rampant before he spoke that Mubarak was planning to step down . Many also had predicted he would deputize Suleiman , the former intelligence chief , to take control . For that to happen under the current constitution , Mubarak must retain the title of president -- as he did . Suleiman addressed the nation soon after Mubarak , urging Egyptians to remain calm and go back to work . He said he was committed to doing "  whatever it takes in order to have an orderly transition of powers in accordance with the provisions of the constitution . " "  Go back to your houses . Go back to your work . The homeland needs your work , " Suleiman said . Mubarak 's refusal to step down caught the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama off guard , a senior U.S. official told CNN . "  Not what we were told would happen and not what we wanted to happen , " the official , who would speak only on the condition of anonymity , said of the speech . Obama released a statement late Thursday , calling on the Egyptian government to do more . "  The Egyptian people have been told that there was a transition of authority , but it is not yet clear that this transition is immediate , meaningful or sufficient , " he said . "  Too many Egyptians remain unconvinced that the government is serious about a genuine transition to democracy , and it is the responsibility of the government to speak clearly to the Egyptian people and the world . " The mass demonstrations , despite stern government warnings of military intervention , were relentless Thursday , and thousands of workers in vital industries walked off their jobs in a show of solidarity with demonstrators demanding change . In their strongest maneuver yet , the military 's senior officers Thursday issued "  Communique No. 1 , " as if more were forthcoming , stating that their discussions were ongoing on "  what can be achieved to preserve the homeland and the gains of the Egyptian people . " The military remained out in force throughout the day , and many believe Egypt 's future hinges on the role it will play . "  Egypt will explode . Army must save the country now , " Mohamed ElBaradei , an opposition leader , posted on his Twitter page soon after Mubarak spoke . Similarly , Yaser Fathi , one of the organizers of protests in Alexandria , said the military must intervene and push to get Mubarak out . "  Everyone in Egypt is disappointed ... We were hoping that it was almost over , but we will continue until the whole regime gets toppled , " he said . Exactly what role the military will play , however , remained unclear . "  This now creates a massive crisis for the Egyptian military , " analysts with Stratfor global intelligence company said in a statement , soon after Mubarak 's speech . "  As dawn breaks over Cairo , it is likely that large numbers of others will join the demonstrators and that the crowd might begin to move . The military would then be forced to stand back and let events go where they go , or fire on the demonstrators , " the analysts said . Earlier Thursday , protesting lawyers toppled barricades near Abdeen Palace , the former home of Egypt 's monarchy and a symbol of power . Armed police , who had disappeared from the streets of Cairo as the uprising gained momentum , waited behind metal fences . But the police fled and the crowd surged amid the roar of thunder on a rainy day . "  God is great , " they chanted . Unable to enter the palace , which was under heavy army protection , the group of lawyers headed to Tahrir Square , where massive crowds again gathered to call for the immediate departure of Mubarak . The demonstrations were galvanized earlier in the week by the words and tears of freed cyberactivist Wael Ghonim , who emerged as a reluctant hero of Egypt 's uprising . Ghonim , on leave from his marketing job with the search engine Google in Dubai , was seized by security forces and held for 10 days before being released . He is credited with starting a Facebook page that triggered the protests . Mubarak 's foes were re-energized again Thursday by strikes called by petroleum , railway and telecommunications employees seeking better compensation . Oil workers demanded transparency in executive salaries , said Hamdi Abdel-Aziz , a spokesman for the petroleum ministry . National Railway Council employees called for longer contracts , prompting a pledge to extend them from their leaders . Some did not return to work Thursday , said Mostafa Qinawi , head of the Railway Council . Employees of the steel industry and the Suez Canal Port Authority also took to the streets to demand better salaries , said the state-run al-Ahram newspaper . That sparked fears that the Suez Canal -- a significant oil transport hub and major revenue source for Egypt -- would shut down and send oil prices skyrocketing . Egypt 's finance minister said the nation will "  do its utmost best " to ensure the canal remains open . "  All precautions are taken to prevent any sabotage from outside to the Suez Canal , " Samir Hadwan told CNN . "  The Suez Canal is safe and the Egyptian Army -- I do n't talk on their behalf -- but I can assure you it will do whatever is in its power to keep that open . " In the Mediterranean city of Alexandria , Egypt 's second largest , street cleaners and administrative staff went on strike over what they say is a salary freeze . At least 1,000 engineers protested contracts and financial compensations , officials said . Thursday 's demonstrations unfolded with vigor despite escalating fears of a government crackdown . Key government officials have sought to portray an immediate departure for Mubarak as a recipe for absolute mayhem and warned of military intervention . Human Rights Watch has been deeply critical of the government 's handling of the crisis . "  Mubarak 's speech is far from the needed break with the abusive system of the past 30 years , " Kenneth Roth , executive director of Human Rights Watch , said in a statement Thursday . "  Cosmetic changes are not enough to meet the Egyptian people 's demands for democracy and human rights . " The monitoring group has documented 302 deaths since the January 25 rally that ignited Egypt 's revolt . CNN 's John King , Jill Dougherty , Ivan Watson and Amir Ahmed and journalist Ian Lee contributed to this report	More demonstrations are expected Friday President Obama says Mubarak 's speech falls short of what is needed Protesters rally in Tahrir Square , near presidential palace and outside state TV building Mubarak delegates powers to the vice president
Beijing  CNN  -- Entrepreneurs of all stripes are cashing in on the Lin-sanity phenomenon as swiftly as the NBA sensation can pull off his furious fast breaks . It has been only three weeks since Jeremy Lin , the 23-year-old American-born point guard of Taiwanese descent , came out of obscurity to lead the listless New York Knicks to a winning streak . But while their winning run has come to an end , Lin has gone on to become a media and marketing darling . Lin-related products have become hot items . In New York , merchandise retailers are doing brisk business selling Lin 's No. 17 jerseys . "  He 's made the Knicks relevant again , " says Larry Dimitriou , manager of Modell 's Sporting Goods store in Manhattan . Jeremy ` Lin-demand ' in China "  We constantly get Lin jerseys every day , " he says . "  I put one in the window to show people we have them . A short time later , they 're gone . " Just as nimble and quick are the publishers of "  Linsanity : The Improbable Rise of Jeremy Lin " by Alan Goldsher , an electronic book that was turned around in just 72 hours . Available wherever e-books are sold , Goldsher 's insta-book costs just $ 1.99 . According to Digital Book World , fast-thinking authors have already churned out least seven e-books , all about the humble and wholesome Harvard graduate . The other Lin-inspired titles include , "  Jeremy Lin : Advice from Sun Tzu on Basketball and the Art of War , " and "  The Zen of Jeremy Lin . " Not to be outdone , Lin himself has filed to trademark "  Linsanity . " The application , filed through the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office , would give him exclusive rights to put the signature term on more than 50 consumer products , including clothing , mugs and even action figures . Yao Ming : ` Everyone wants to be next Jeremy Lin ' Lin is not the only one to file for a trademark on the term , but he stands a good chance of winning it , according to Washington-based trademark lawyer Gary Krugman . But he would stand a poor chance if he filed in China , where trademark laws tend to favor early applicants . Few can match the prescience of Wuxi Risheng , Sports Utility Co. a Chinese manufacturer of basketballs and soccer balls . Risheng , it turns out , have registered Jeremy Lin 's English and Chinese names as trademarks in China and claim to have rights to the name of the NBA 's latest star until 2021 . Risheng 's claim , widely reported in local media , could block plans by major sporting goods companies to capitalize on China 's growing interest on the new NBA standout . Jeremy Lin , known in Mandarin as Lin Shuhao , was born in the U.S. to Taiwanese parents with ancestral roots in mainland China . According to government records , Risheng applied for Lin trademarks as early as 2010 , the year he graduated from Harvard University and was ignored during the NBA draft pick . "  Our boss Yu Minjie watched a lot of NBA games and noticed Jeremy some time in 2010 when he was a nobody , " one of the partners in the company told CNN . "  We did not expect Jeremy Lin would be such an instant hit . We are happy for his success and of course we feel extremely lucky . " Risheng may have hit a jackpot if Lin 's marketing magic continues . "  In China , first-to-register gets the rights , " says Horace Lam , a Beijing-based intellectual property expert at Jones Day . "  Chinese companies are aware of this system and use it to their advantage . We see this happen every day . It 's a big problem for companies and people trying to protect their intellectual property in China when they are not familiar with the Chinese system . " Marketing mavens are lusting to brand Lin . "  He 's the total package , a fine athlete and a wonderful story , " enthuses Scott Kronick , president of Ogilvy PR China . "  We think he 's Lin-credible . " Risheng now makes Lin basketballs but soon might start producing jerseys and sneakers . "  Maybe we 'll open franchise stores in east China , " said the Risheng partner . "  Now more and more companies are reaching out to us seeking business tie-up opportunities . " Lam says the Jeremy Lin trademark that Risheng owns applies to a grab-bag of uses and products , including basketballs , shoes , hats , toys and gym facilities . Risheng claims trademarks for other basketball stars , including Yi Jianlian , a Chinese power forward who now plays for the Dallas Mavericks . It also has a trademark on the Chinese name for "  Jordan 's Kingdom , " an apparent reference to retired superstar Michael Jordan , for use on balls . Jordan , known as "  Qiaodan " in Mandarin , has been aggressively doing business in China . Now he is tightening his defense . This week , Jordan filed a suit in a Chinese court against Qiaodan Sports Company Limited , another Chinese sportswear and footwear manufacturer , for unauthorized use of his name . "  It is deeply disappointing to see a company build a business off my Chinese name without my permission , use the number 23 and even attempt to use the names of my children , " the basketball legend said in a statement . "  I am taking this action to preserve ownership of my name and my brand . " Still , intellectual property experts say it will be an uphill battle for Jordan to claim trademark rights in China . "  China requires a high threshold to prove that one is famous , " says Lam . "  Even if Michael Jordan is a big name today , he still needs to prove that he was already famous in China long before 1997 , when Qiaodan Sports first registered the name . " Trademark infringements are common and persistent in China , Lam notes . Gucci , Pfizer , Exxon Mobil and Hennessey are just some of the well-known multinational companies fighting long legal battles to protect their trademark . Even Apple , the world 's biggest technology company , is embroiled in a trademark lawsuit over the sale of iPads in China , with a Chinese company claiming that it owns the right to use the iPad trademark in mainland China . To be sure , Lin-inspired marketing ideas abound . Jeremy light bulbs ? That 's been taken .	In New York , merchandise retailers are doing brisk business selling Jeremy Lin 's No. 17 jerseys The New York Knick point guard has himself has filed to trademark "  Linsanity " But Lin may not win the trademark in China , where laws favor early applicants A Chinese retailer has registered Lin 's English and Chinese names as trademarks in China
Atlanta  CNN  -- More than one in three women have experienced sexual assault , physical violence or stalking by an intimate partner during their lifetime , according to a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention survey . The same is true for more than one in four men , according to the National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey . The survey , released Wednesday , was based on telephone interviews with more than 16,500 adults in 2010 . Supported by the National Institute of Justice and the Department of Defense , the survey was aimed at better describing and monitoring "  the magnitude of sexual violence , stalking and intimate partner violence victimization in the United States , " the CDC said . The report is the first of its kind to provide data on national and state levels , the agency said . The data can assist in understanding the burden of violence in populations and address some of the health issues that may accompany it . Those may include depression , anxiety , low self-esteem and suicide attempts , but also conditions such as gastrointestinal disorders , substance abuse , sexually transmitted diseases and gynecological or pregnancy complications . "  The health problems caused by violence remind us of the importance of prevention , " said Howard Spivak , director of the CDC 's Injury Center Division of Violence Prevention , in a statement . "  In addition to intervening and providing services , prevention efforts need to start earlier in life , with the ultimate goal of preventing all of these types of violence before they start . " Among the victims of intimate partner violence , more than one in three women reported experiencing multiple forms of rape , stalking or physical violence . Among males , 92 % reported experiencing physical violence from a partner , while 6 % said they experienced both physical violence and stalking . However , nearly half of all women and men reported experiencing "  psychological aggression " from an intimate partner . Nearly one in four women and one in seven men said they had been subjected to "  severe physical violence " by an intimate partner -- defined in the report as being hit with a fist or hard object , beaten or slammed against something . Of the victims of intimate partner violence , nearly three in 10 women and one-tenth of men reported effects of the violence -- fear ; concern for their safety ; symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder ; needing medical treatment or suffering an injury ; contacting a crisis hotline ; needing housing , victim advocate or legal services or missing at least one day of work or school . As far as sexual violence , nearly one in five women -- translating to nearly 22 million women in the United States -- reported having been raped or the target of an attempted rape during their lifetime , according to the survey . More than half of them , 51 % , said they were raped by an intimate partner and nearly 41 % by an acquaintance . Of the victims of completed rapes , nearly 80 % said they experienced their first rape before the age of 25 and 42 % before the age of 18 . About one in five white and African-American women and one in seven Hispanic women reported being raped at some point . One in 71 men also reported being raped during their lifetime ; of those , more than one-fourth , or nearly 28 % , experienced their first rape when they were 10 or younger . More than half the men , or 52 % , said they were raped by an acquaintance . Linda Degutis , director of the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control at the CDC , said the organization was very concerned by how large the numbers were , and by how great an impact such abuse has on people 's lives . Highlighting the extent of the issue may help people to feel more comfortable reporting abuse when it occurs , she said , and aid them in forming healthy relationships . "  The solution is the same for both sexes , to develop relationships that are strong , that are stable and do not allow violence to be a part of the relationship or of resolving conflict in a relationship , " Degutis said . The report confirms "  that sexual violence is one of the most pervasive and serious public health issues in the country , " said Laura Palumbo , prevention campaign specialist at the National Sexual Violence Resource Center . "  We 've been well aware of the kind of far-reaching effects of sexual violence and the frequency of it , but it 's really helpful to have a current and widespread set of data that can confirm that for us . It 's not news to people that have been doing this work , but it is really wonderful that we have now something really concrete that we can point to . " The information can "  be used to spearhead prevention efforts , " especially if it will be updated annually and trends over time can be tracked , she said . Palumbo applauded the report 's focus on male victims of sexual assault . "  For a number of reasons in our society , it 's really difficult to believe that this happens to men , " she said . "  It 's difficult for a man to be able to say that this has happened to him because our culture does n't accept male vulnerability . Our culture really puts a lot of pressure on men to be able to protect themselves . " While recent child sex abuse scandals at Penn State University and in the Catholic Church have helped focus attention on child sex abuse , she said , male sexual assault "  is consistently happening , and it 's not focused on in the way that it needs to be . " Victimization by stalking was reported by one in six women and one in 19 men , to the point where "  they felt very fearful or believed that they or someone close to them would be harmed or killed , " the survey report said . Two-thirds of women reported their stalker was an intimate partner , while 80 % of men said the stalker was an intimate partner or acquaintance . The most common form of stalking reported was repeatedly receiving unwanted telephone calls along with voice or text messages . The estimates for sexual violence , stalking and intimate partner violence are "  alarmingly high " for adult Americans , with intimate partner violence alone affecting more than 12 million people yearly , the CDC said . "  Women are disproportionately impacted . They experienced high rates of severe intimate partner violence , rape and stalking and long-term chronic disease and other health impacts , such as PTSD symptoms . " The study points to long-term health effects , "  everything from irritable bowel syndrome to diabetes , things that will really have an influence on the quality and length of someone 's life , " said Palumbo . " ... In many ways , there 's a domino effect " of complications and needs after a traumatic experience , she added . Such victims need coordinated services to ensure healing and prevent a recurrence , the report said , including strengthening the response of the health care system . "  One way to strengthen the response to survivors is through increased training of healthcare professionals , " the CDC said . "  It is also critically important to ensure that legal , housing , mental health and other services and resources are available and accessible to survivors . " Holding perpetrators accountable is also a key issue , according to the survey , which noted that survivors of sexual violence , stalking or intimate partner violence may be reluctant to report the behavior because of shame , embarrassment , fear of retribution or a belief that authorities may not support them . Prevention efforts should also focus on families , particularly on fostering healthy relationships between parents and children and emotionally supportive environments , the survey said . "  These environments provide a strong foundation for children , " the survey said . " ... It is equally important to continue addressing the beliefs , attitudes and messages that are deeply embedded in our social structures and that create a climate that condones sexual violence , stalking and intimate partner violence . "	NEW : Highlighting the issue may help people form healthy relationships , an expert says The National Intimate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey interviewed more than 16,500 adults Nearly 1 in 5 women report being raped in their lifetime More than a fourth of male rape victims say they were first raped as a child
CNN  -- Mexican officials have launched an investigation into allegations that a reputed Mexican drug cartel "  queen " received a beauty treatment while in prison . The Mexico City District Attorney 's Office alleges that Sandra Avila Beltran , who faces charges of drug trafficking , money laundering and conspiracy , got a Botox injection on January 10 at the Santa Martha Acatitla prison in the Mexican capital . Prosecutors said they are investigating medical personnel at the prison who might have provided access to a doctor who applied the Botox injection to Avila , also known as "  The Queen of the Pacific . " Avila , who according to Mexican media reports is 50 years old , was allegedly tied to the Sinaloa Cartel , one of the most powerful Mexican criminal organizations . Mexico City District Attorney Miguel Angel Mancera said the investigation into the prison incident was prompted by a tip from prison personnel . Mancera also said prison employees who have not yet been identified "  falsified " an access request form saying the doctor was going to perform an electrocardiogram , but instead applied the injection . "  The investigation will focus on the possibility that a public servant committed a crime , according to the complaint made by the prison authorities , " Mancera said . He also said Avila and the prison director will be questioned in the next few days , but he did n't elaborate on what kind of disciplinary action those allegedly involved in the incident may face . So far , the doctor who gained access to the prison -- and who was not identified by authorities -- faces no charges . Sandra Avila Beltran was arrested on September 28 , 2007 , in Mexico City . According to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , she was suspected of conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the U.S. along with Juan Diego Espinosa , a.k.a. "  The Tiger , " a Colombian national who , sources say , was his lover . They were arrested together . The DEA said that in November 2001 , Espinosa , Avila and others "  allegedly arranged the shipment of cocaine from Colombia to the United States by ship . " The ship , loaded with 9,291 kilograms of cocaine , was boarded by U.S. agents near Manzanillo , on Mexico 's Pacific coast . Avila 's fame grew in Mexico and Latin America after inspiring a song by the popular Mexican folk band known as "  Los Tigres del Norte "  The Northern Tigers  .	District attorney 's office : Sandra Avila Beltran got Botox in prison on January 10 Prosecutors probing whether a doctor was snuck in to perform injections Avila , arrested in 2007 , faces charges related to alleged drug trafficking A popular folk band 's song is reputed to have been inspired by her
CNN  -- About 14,000 Ivory Coast residents escaping their country 's political instability and violence have fled to eastern Liberia in what has been an arduous journey , the United Nations refugee agency said Saturday . People are walking several hours or days before they get on barges to the rivers bordering the West African nations , the U.N. high commissioner for refugees said . A few deaths have been reported among the refugees , including a child who drowned during the crossing of the Cestos River into Butuo . Observers are seeing malnourished children and people with malaria , respiratory infections and diarrhea . "  We are referring the most severe cases to Saclepea , a five-hour drive on very rough roads . In some locations without ambulances we are transferring the patients on board UNHCR vehicles , " the agency said in a statement . "  Some are arriving with severely swollen feet , like a 75-year-old man whom we transferred from Butuo , one of the main entry points into Liberia . Some families said they had walked three to four days through the bush with little food . " The displacement is the fallout of the November 28 presidential runoff , after which the country 's Independent Electoral Commission named opposition leader Alassane Ouattara the winner . But its Constitutional Council invalidated those results and declared that incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo won . The country has been paralyzed by a political stalemate and scores of people have died in violence there . International powers , such as the United States , the United Nations , and the African Union have recognized Ouattara as the winner and are urging Gbagbo to cede power . Leaders from the Economic Community of West African States on Friday warned they will not hesitate to use "  legitimate force " to defuse the crisis if Gbagbo fails to step down . The refugee agency said "  humanitarian needs are increasing for the mostly women and children refugees as well as for the villagers hosting them " and the growing number of newcomers is affecting host communities . The agency has so far registered 14,000 Ivorian refugees in eastern Liberia and has prepared supplies to help up to 30,000 refugees in the area . "  Food supplies are running short despite efforts by the government and humanitarian agencies to bring in more assistance , " the agency said . "  Our staff report that host community houses are full and congested . In the area of Butuo for example there are homes where 7 to 20 family members share a single room , while others sleep in corridors or on verandas . " The U.N refugee agency is concerned about reports that some members of the Forces Nouvelles "  are preventing people from freely crossing into Liberia via the Loguato border crossing point . " That group supports Ouattara . "  This is causing refugees from the Danane villages to deviate their route by up to 80 kilometers southward to enter Liberia . UNHCR is calling for the protection of civilians and respect for the right to seek asylum without hindrance . "	A few deaths have been reported , including a drowned child Some people have slogged through the bush for days with little food President Laurent Gbagbo wo n't step down , despite international calls to do so
CNN  -- TLC 's "  Toddlers and Tiaras " has been mired in controversy since it debuted in 2009 , and much of the distaste for the series stemmed from concerns about whether we were feeding the stage mothers ' desire for attention , or about the insensitivity in taping and televising children in the middle of a meltdown or temper tantrum . But whether you think child beauty pageants are just a chance for little girls to play dress-up , or a training ground for superficial , self-centered princesses in the making , everyone should agree that sexualizing a 3-year-old little girl is wrong . In what was likely a misguided effort to gin up publicity and ratings for the show , TLC released footage of a 3-year-old contestant dressed as the prostitute played by Julia Roberts in the 1990 film "  Pretty Woman . " This stupidity came just one week after TLC -- still known to many as The Learning Channel -- was forced to pull its Facebook page because of the deluge of negative comments over an episode that featured a little girl dressed up to look like Dolly Parton , complete with padded bust and buttocks . Instead of creating ratings-friendly buzz , TLC engendered outrage among millions of parents and grandparents , who are tired of seeing children exploited for ratings and robbed of their innocence by a greedy entertainment industry that will stop at nothing to make a buck . Like Roberts ' film character just before she hits the streets , the toddler is shown strutting back and forth on stage wearing thigh-high PVC boots , a blond bobbed wig , and a white tank top connected to a tight blue skirt at the midriff by a large silver hoop . Common sense is all too often a casualty of the media culture we live in . Parents assume the sexual content and innuendo in the programming they are watching will go over their child 's head , or think it 's cute to dress their child in sexy clothes or encourage her to imitate Beyonce 's dance moves so they can post it on YouTube . In reality , they are teaching their children what kind of behavior will help them get noticed . For years we 've seen adult sexuality being inappropriately and aggressively foisted on innocent young children , but kids today are being sexualized at younger and younger ages . A decade ago , parents worried about their teen daughters coming home from the mall with hip-riders . Now parents have to combat marketing forces that are telling their third-graders they need to have a padded push-up bikini top , or their second-graders that they need to have shoes that promote fitness , but are the same shoes sold to adults to tone and shape buttocks and thighs . Where does it all stop ? What have we come to when toddlers , not yet able to read , let alone make decisions for themselves , are getting schooled in dressing and acting sexy for adults ? Everyone in society suffers when children are sexualized , but those hurt worst are the children themselves . In February 2007 , the American Psychological Association released a report on the sexualization of girls that found that girls ' exposure to hypersexualized media content can negatively impacts their cognitive and emotional development ; is strongly associated with eating disorders , low self-esteem and depression ; leads to fewer girls pursuing careers in science , technology , engineering and mathematics ; and causes diminished sexual health . But it 's not just our daughters who are being affected by these images . Boys and adult men are also learning to value women only for their sex appeal , which the report says can lead to increased incidents of sexual harassment and sexual violence , and increased demand for child pornography . TLC 's official "  no comment " response to a question from CNN about the outrage is ridiculous . Executives are not only complicit in the act of sexualizing toddlers , they are unwilling to own up to their role in encouraging this kind of behavior . The product that TLC , a mainstream cable television network , is selling is sexed-up toddlers . They should be ashamed , and parents across the country should renew their commitment to teach their children that they are valued for who they are , not for how sexy they look . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Henson .	Melissa Henson : TLC 's "  Toddlers and Tiaras " promotes sexualization of toddlers , girls A 3-year-old wore a padded bra and buttocks , another dressed as a prostitute Henson says girls ' exposure to hypersexualized media is harmful in many ways She says TLC should be ashamed for promoting images of sexed-up toddlers for ratings
CNN  -- Katy Perry is officially the queen of Twitter . The singer has reached more than 50 million followers on the social media site , making her the most followed person in the universe . Perry took the milestone in stride . "  Oh yeah AND we grew to 50 million Katycats ! Eh , regular day at the office , " she tweeted  of course  . Not that Perry does n't have competition hot on her heels . Justin Bieber has about 49.4 million "  beliebers " hanging on his every 140-character submission , while President Barack Obama has around 41.2 million followers . Lady Gaga has just over 41 million "  little monsters . " The video site YouTube , Taylor Swift , Britney Spears , Rihanna , Instagram , and Justin Timberlake round out the rest of the top 10 most-followed Twitter accounts . Perry snagged the Twitter throne from Bieber in November . He , in turn , had earlier toppled Gaga , who for two years was the most followed person . In October she told USA Today that felt felt like she had "  learned how to tame that social media dragon . "	Perry has more than 50 million Twitter followers She surpassed Justin Bieber in November The singer tweeted about the milestone
CNN  -- Country music star Wynonna Judd 's new husband suffered "  serious but non-life threatening injuries " in a motorcycle crash in South Dakota Saturday , a statement from her publicist said Sunday . The accident happened as Judd , 48 , and Michael Scott "  Cactus " Moser "  went for a ride together on separate bikes before her scheduled concert in Deadwood , South Dakota , " according to the statement . "  Moser collided with an oncoming vehicle and was transported to a local hospital , " the statement said . "  He is being treated for serious but non-life threatening injuries . Wynonna was not involved in the accident . " Judd has postponed next week 's concerts in Canada to stay by the side of her husband , who is also her drummer . "  The outpouring of prayer and support from friends , family and fans has been a blessing to both Cactus and I , " Judd said . "  Cactus is a champion . I love him deeply and I will not leave his side . " The couple married on her Tennessee farm on June 10 . HLN : Wynonna Judd sends a live "  Salute to Troops " Ashley Judd bites back at plastic surgery rumors	Judd and husband "  Cactus " Moser were riding separate bikes when he crashed "  Moser collided with an oncoming vehicle , " singer 's statement says Judd postpones Canada shows next week "  I love him deeply and I will not leave his side , " Wynonna Judd says
CNN  -- After the September 11 attacks , a New York firefighter took a series of photographs capturing the destruction . Eleven years later , Superstorm Sandy damaged the photographs as they sat in the basement of his Queens home . Partially destroyed , the photographs encapsulate two traumatic events burned in the minds of New Yorkers . The firefighter , Michael Redpath , now has his photos on display in an installation called "  Residual Images " in Manhattan . Redpath , a 15-year veteran of the city fire department , was off duty September 11 , 2001 , and was called in that afternoon . One of hundreds of emergency responders , he was stunned by what he found upon arriving at ground zero . "  It was like a nuclear winter . It was very quiet . Everything was covered with fine white dust . It looked like a black-and-white photograph , " Redpath said . Redpath had brought his camera , and recognizing the magnitude of the attacks , he began snapping shots of the wreckage . "  I was just trying to convey the scale , which is almost impossible to do , " he said . Having studied photography , some images jumped out at Redpath over the months he spent at ground zero . He was most struck by the efforts of police officers , firemen , iron workers and crane operators , he said . Redpath developed some of the photos and stored the negatives in a box in the basement of his home in the Rockaways section of Queens . Redpath initially considered showing the photographs for the 10th anniversary of 9/11 . But a decade later , he just was n't ready . Last year , when Superstorm Sandy slammed into the East Coast , Redpath 's home , including the basement housing his 9/11 pictures , suffered extensive flood damage . Redpath likened it to losing family photos . A family member later scanned the negatives and gave them to Redpath as a gift . They were altered but not ruined . "  It was almost like a whole other layer , destruction on destruction . The new images were haunting in their own respect , " Redpath said The New York Times ' Niko Koppel curated the show with the OSMOS Address , an exhibition space . The show is on display at Manhattan 's First Street Green through Tuesday , the anniversary of Sandy hitting New York , described the photographs as "  arresting . " The outdoor exhibit is situated between two buildings and features more than 100 of Redpath 's images projected onto two large screens in 15-minute increments . One image shows piles of rubble and collapsed iron , and Sandy 's murky floodwater added what appear to be superimposed black clouds . Another photo of a firefighter standing , back to the camera , before the World Trade Center rubble at ground zero has scratches and water damage that give the picture a smoky , three-dimensional feel . On Sunday , passersby stopped to take a look , some briefly , while others sat for longer spells , mesmerized as they were reminded of the tragedies . "  It is very powerful . The juxtaposition of the two gets really interesting , " said a neighborhood woman . Said another man who walked cautiously toward the projections , "  It brings up bad memories . "	Firefighter 's negatives from 9/11 ground zero damaged by Superstorm Sandy 's flooding Family member developed negatives ; firefighter found them "  haunting in their own respect " Images are now on display in Manhattan in an exhibit the curator describes as "  arresting "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A CNN documentary that sparked worldwide condemnation of Thailand 's alleged practice of pushing Myanmar 's Rohingya boat people out to sea has won an Amnesty International Media Award . Dan Rivers : "  This story underscores all the reasons why I became a journalist . " The winning half-hour documentary , presented by CNN 's Bangkok-based correspondent Dan Rivers , highlighted the on-going persecution of the ethnic Rohingya people in their bid to escape terrible persecution and privation in Myanmar , formerly Burma , and in neighboring countries . Jurors at Tuesday 's award ceremony in London singled out CNN 's entry for particular praise for putting the issue high on the agenda at an ensuing Southeast Asian summit meeting . They said they were impressed by a brilliant investigation that broke new ground and secured a personal commitment to intervene from the Thai prime minister . Watch Part 1 of Dan Rivers ' documentary " CNN International executive vice president and managing director Tony Maddox said : "  This award is a tremendous reflection on the quality and depth of CNN 's reporting , the tenacity , bravery and resourcefulness of our correspondent Dan Rivers and an endorsement of the network 's strategy to own and create more content . "  It is a testament to CNN 's London-based managing editor Deborah Rayner and the World 's Untold Stories team in Atlanta that only the third edition of the documentary series , produced by CNN International , has won such a prestigious award so soon , " he added . The allegations of mistreatment of the Rohingya in the neighboring country of Thailand -- at the hands of the military -- prompted a government inquiry . Thai PM Abhisit Vejjajiva later told CNN in an exclusive interview with Rivers that he would bring those responsible to account . Watch the Thai prime minister discuss the issue " The haunting pictures of Thai soldiers towing boatloads of Rohingya and cutting them adrift on the high seas -- first broadcast on CNN 's World 's Untold Stories -- are one of the iconic images of 2009 and are credited with bringing the practice to worldwide attention . "  This story underscores all the reasons why I became a journalist , " said Rivers . "  It 's about getting the facts and using those facts to engage an audience and make a difference . " Amnesty International UK Director Kate Allen , paid tribute to the winners for bringing human rights abuses to the world 's attention . She said : "  In the midst of the world financial crisis it is more important than ever to celebrate the achievements of journalists whose outstanding reporting has helped throw a clear light upon human rights abuses . "  Not only is the crisis itself having an impact upon people 's human rights , there is also a real threat to investigative journalism as media outlets cut costs and reduce staff . "	CNN exposé on Thailand 's alleged abuse of boat people wins Amnesty award Dan Rivers ' documentary highlighted persecution of ethnic Rohingya people Documentary secured commitment to intervene from Thai prime minister
CNN  -- A policeman and a former corrections officer say that on Friday they will unveil evidence of what they claim is their biggest find ever : the body of Bigfoot . The thawed body of a creature reputed to be Bigfoot reportedly weighs more than 500 pounds . Matthew Whitton and Rick Dyer , a pair of Bigfoot-hunting hobbyists from north Georgia , say they found the creature 's body in a wooded area and spotted several similar creatures that were still alive . The carcass of the furry half-man , half-ape is 7 feet , 7 inches tall and weighs more than 500 pounds , they say . However , the two are not disclosing the exact location of their discovery to protect the remaining creatures . Tom Nelson , chairman of the biology department at North Georgia College and State University in Dahlonega , said he 's "  pretty skeptical " the world will feast its eyes on a new species Friday . "  That would certainly rock mammalogy , " joked Nelson , who specializes in the study of mammals . "  I see a research grant in my future . " Whitton and Dyer plan to unveil what they say is DNA and photo evidence of the discovery in Palo Alto , California , in conjunction with a group called Searching for Bigfoot Inc. . A photograph on that group 's Web site shows what appears to be the body of a large , hairy creature with an ape-like face , stuffed into a large freezer . According to a written release , the two announced the discovery on an Internet radio show , "  Squatch Detective , " several weeks ago . iReport.com : Do you believe in Bigfoot ? "  The only person we would allow to come down and verify the body was ` the Real Bigfoot Hunter , ' Tom Biscardi , " Dyer said , referring to Searching for Bigfoot 's CEO , who has been looking for the elusive , legendary creature in the United States and Canada since 1971 . Whitton is a Georgia police officer who is on administrative leave after being shot in the wrist during a pursuit . Dyer is a former prison guard . DNA tests on the body have begun , said the statement , and "  extensive scientific studies " will be done on the body by scientists , including a molecular biologist , an anthropologist and a paleontologist . Nelson , the university professor , acknowledged that new species of animals have been discovered in recent decades and that , in science , "  we always acknowledge the possibility of something new . " But he said that even in north Georgia , home to the Blue Ridge Mountains and the foot of the Appalachian Trail , it stretches the imagination to think a family of 7-foot-tall creatures could have eluded hunters , hikers and creeping development until now . "  To the average person , these places just seem like extreme wilderness where you 'll find lions and tigers and bears , " he said . "  The reality is that you 're never more than a mile from a road . " The group says the animal is male , has reddish hair and "  blackish-gray " eyes and human-like feet , hands and teeth . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	North Georgia men say they 've found a den of Bigfoot creatures They say they 'll reveal details of one Bigfoot on Friday in California The body of the furry half man-half ape is 7 feet , 7 inches tall , they say Men wo n't reveal Bigfoot den 's location because they do n't want others disturbed
CNN  -- In the crowded slums of Lagos , Nigeria , untreated sewage mingles with the chaotic network of pipes that deliver water to the city . Those who ca n't afford a local borehole or a private vendor know better than to take their chances with the taps -- most preferring to go thirsty instead . That 's according to Olatunbosun Obayomi , a Lagosian microbiologist and inventor who has lived in the city all his life . But now Obayomi thinks he 's found a solution -- one that not only tackles the slums ' sanitation issues , but creates free , clean energy in the process . "  With a cheap retrofit , household septic tanks -- the source of the sewage -- can be converted into biogas generators , " said Obayomi , 29 , whose concept has earned him a TED fellowship , a Nigerian Youth Leadership Award and growing international acclaim . "  The idea of turning waste into energy has been around for centuries . My innovation is simply applying the chemistry in a practical way by using the resources we already have , " he explained . In most homes in Lagos , toilet waste is stored in rudimentary septic tanks beneath the ground . Here it decomposes into a poisonous compound , before being sucked out by a tanker that deposits it all in a nearby lagoon . "  Unfortunately , the system of water pipes is very disorganized , and they often pass through the same place where the sewage is dumped , " said Obayomi . "  And it 's not uncommon for poorly constructed septic tanks to leak directly into the drainage system . " But rather than attempt a wholesale overhaul of Nigeria 's waste system , Obayomi 's approach makes use of the existing septic tanks -- equipping them with new waste entry pipes that remove oxygen from the decaying process . As he explained : "  When excreta decompose with oxygen , it creates a useless , incombustible mixture that carries disease . But without oxygen , the germs die and the mixture produces a combustible gas . " This biogas -- a mix of carbon dioxide and methane -- can be stored in an adjacent underground chamber and used to power cooking stoves , heat homes or even generate electricity . Opinion : Tackling climate change still a luxury in developing world "  Converting waste into biogas is a win-win strategy , " said Sarah Butler-Sloss , founding director of the Ashden Awards , an organization that champions local energy innovations around the world . "  What makes it so elegant is that it resolves a life-threatening sanitation issue -- by treating harmful , waterborne germs -- while simultaneously creating a much-needed source of carbon-free energy , " she said . Butler-Sloss added that recent figures from the U.N. say 1.4 billion people worldwide have no access to electricity , while 2.7 billion still prepare food on grossly inefficient and carbon-hungry open fires . "  We have seen similar projects in places like India and China -- where everything from domestic garbage to animal waste has been used to produce energy with great success ... Clearly this is the time to embrace domestically produced biogas , especially in the developing world . " It 's a view shared by the United Nations Environment Program  UNEP  . Patrick Mwefigye is program officer for sustainable consumption and production at UNEP 's regional office for Africa . He says that in areas where there is "  little funding , capacity or infrastructure " for complex waste management , "  we see the production of biogas as having great potential . " At present , Mwefigye says the gas is regularly produced in just a handful of African nations . "  In Rwanda , for instance , the prisons have been fitted with large biogas generators , so that they are almost entirely self-powering , " he said . But , although Obayomi 's retrofitted biogas generator is relatively cheap to build -- requiring only low-tech materials such as plastic pipes , cement and sand -- and despite all the recognition it 's attracted , only a prototype has been installed so far . Yet Obayomi conservatively estimates that the average street in Lagos could produce 1,720 liters of biogas a day -- enough for an engine-powered water pump to serve the daily domestic needs of at least 50 families . So what 's the hold-up ? "  Biogas generators tend to be constructed in situ , " said Butler-Sloss , "  And while the materials are relatively cheap , they 're not mass-produced like solar panels or wind-turbines so , at present , it 's difficult to scale-up . " Obayomi has a different take , however . For him , it 's not an issue of resources or need , but attitude . "  Although I 've been filmed by government TV and won these awards , no politician has approached me to build anything . In Nigeria there is a lot of talk but very little walk , " he lamented . There is also a problem of credibility , he said . In Obayomi 's experience , the hardest place to be taken seriously as a Nigerian inventor is in Nigeria itself . "  It is a new concept for many Nigerians , " he said . "  There 's still this feeling that unless an idea or a piece of new technology comes from the West , then it 's not glamorous ... it 's not valid . "	Microbiologist says he has simple solution to sanitation problems in Lagos Conversion of septic tanks to biogas generators treats sewage and generates power Despite recognition , inventor says there are still cultural and political barriers to development
CNN  -- He 's gone . So , now what ? How do those who clogged the streets of Egypt on Wednesday wanting so desperately to oust Mohamed Morsy , the now-deposed president of Egypt , feel about the future now it appears to be wide open ? Earlier this week , CNN spoke to four protesters about their hopes , demands and expectations , from a veteran demonstrator in Cairo who has marched in crowds since the beginning of Egypt 's revolution in 2011 to a first-time protester in the port city of Alexandria . We spoke to them again Friday about how they felt when Morsy was toppled , their thoughts on what should happen next and their concerns for the future of a country they are fighting so hard to change . This is what they had to say : Ahmed Raafat I was at Tahrir Square during the announcement of the army 's statement . -LSB- The -RSB- square exploded with joy once protesters knew that Morsy was no longer the president . People were singing , chanting , singing and waving Egyptian flags . Fireworks were all over the square . Military helicopters flew over the square for hours . I was happy that Morsy was toppled , but I was concerned , too . The fact that the army is back on the political scene makes me worry . The road map is what we have been calling for since -LSB- former Egyptian president -RSB- Mubarak 's ousting . I wish Morsy had called for early presidential elections and saved the whole situation . The situation is very complicated and , to be honest , I 'm not sure if the army 's intervention was the right thing to do . I would personally prefer that we achieve our goals and demands without any interference from the military . There 's a strong debate on whether what happened was a coup or a revolution . I think the military sided with the people after -LSB- they -RSB- took to the streets . Egyptians prefer to call it a revolution . iReport opinion : It 's an Egyptian revolution , not a coup Those in power -LSB- now -RSB- should stick to the demands of the people . They should return Egypt to civilian rule as soon as possible . They should respect human rights and apply the law fairly without any extraordinary measures . They should keep the transitional period as short as possible . -LSB- The -RSB- people must keep a close watch on those in power and take action if there 's any deviation from their demands and goals . Mohamed Boraie It was such an interesting day . I went to -LSB- Tahrir -RSB- Square around 4 p.m. , as I wanted to see how people would react to the speech . People started shaking hands and celebrating after hearing -LSB- the -RSB- news -LSB- of -RSB- Morsy 's ousting . I sat down in a corner of the square and observed people celebrating and tried to capture it on camera . ElBaradei : ` Morsy 's ouster was needed so Egypt can not fail ' The army acted very quickly to meet the increasing demands of the protesters to protect the country from slipping into violence and civil war between pro- and anti-Morsy protesters . The army ... is very keen to make sure that their interests are protected before the country becomes uncontrollable . This army made it clear , by choosing a civilian to lead the interim process ... that the masses of people would not revolt back at the army as before . It is sad to see Morsy destroy the political future of the Muslim Brotherhood -LSB- Islamist movement backing Morsy that rose to power after the fall of Mubarak -RSB- by sticking to power and not allowing a smooth transition . The Brotherhood has a great grassroots structure that should be utilized to build Egypt . Those in power now should focus on economic reform to reach the demands of the lower income brackets . Also , education and gender equality should be a priority to empower youth and women -- two factors any economy depends on to progress . Maged Eskander We have finally relaxed now this bad group -LSB- of rulers -RSB- has finally ended -LSB- their time in power -RSB- -- my wife told me it 's the same feeling you have after cleaning your house . All the army 's -LSB- actions -RSB- until now are great , -LSB- they 've not made -RSB- a single mistake . They learned a big lesson from January 25 , 2011 , -LSB- when the Egyptian revolution began -RSB- . They just protected the people 's demands and put the country on the right track . Events in Egypt : What we know so far Morsy should step back , and face legal matters if there any -LSB- and -RSB- we -LSB- will -RSB- steadily build our country . We should write a good constitution that fulfills all Egyptians , -LSB- have -RSB- elections and select a capable government . The people can do a lot to support their leaders -- they just need a guide , and the people will do miracles . Marwan Osman I was following the news from home in front of the television and on my laptop on social networks , along with my family . When the news was announced -- it was like Egypt had just won the World Cup in soccer . Everyone was happy and my parents cried from joy . -LSB- People in -RSB- cars in the street began cheering for the news . Opinion : Get ready for the extremist backlash I 'm one of the people who does not want the army to rule the country , so the interim president is the most suitable solution to avoid having the army ruling . Nothing should happen to Morsy . He should be free to live wherever he wants and however he wants . Whoever is in power now should prepare fast for presidential elections and complete the transitional period as early as possible . The people should observe the progress done -LSB- so far -RSB- -- and protest again if something goes wrong against their will .	Protesters against former Egyptian president celebrated , now are looking to the future CNN asked protesters who had taken to the streets earlier to follow up on their thoughts There was concern about violence and reflection on what those now in power need to do "  The people ... -LSB- should -RSB- protest again if something goes wrong against their will , " one says
CNN  -- Rep. Stephanie Tubbs Jones , the first black woman to represent Ohio in the U.S. House of Representatives , died Wednesday after suffering brain hemorrhaging caused by an aneurysm , medical officials said . Rep. Stephanie Tubbs Jones , D-Ohio , suffered an aneurysm Tuesday evening . Tubbs Jones , a 58-year-old Democrat in her fifth term representing parts of Cleveland and its suburbs , suffered the aneurysm Tuesday evening while driving in Cleveland Heights , Ohio , her staff said . She was rushed to East Cleveland 's Huron Hospital , where a team of doctors determined Wednesday morning that she had "  very limited brain function , " said Dr. Gus Kious , the hospital 's chief of staff . Wednesday afternoon , before Tubbs Jones died , Kious said that the aneurysm was in "  an inaccessible part of her brain " and that she was in critical condition . She died at 6:12 p.m. ET Wednesday after her condition declined "  throughout the course of the day and into this evening , " according to a joint statement from her family , Huron Hospital and the Cleveland Clinic . The congresswoman had a full day of activity Tuesday , according to a statement from her office , including planning for a September 4 forum on electoral reform at Cleveland State University . President Bush said Tubbs Jones "  was an effective legislator who was dedicated to helping small businesses , improving local schools , expanding job opportunities for Ohioans and ensuring that more of them have access to health care . See a biography of Tubbs Jones " "  After making history as the first African-American woman elected to Congress from Ohio , the congresswoman worked to expand the rights of all Americans , " Bush said . Tubbs Jones built a reputation in Congress for speaking out . In 2003 , she was the only Ohioan in Congress to vote against a resolution supporting U.S. troops in Iraq . Read reaction from the political community " She said she voted "  no " because the resolution connected Iraq to the September 11 terrorist attacks and declared that Iraq poses a continued threat to the United States . She said that neither of those claims had been proved . "  Our veterans deserve better than lip service , " she said . She stepped up her national political role in 2004 , assisting the presidential campaign of Sen. John Kerry , especially in battleground states . She also helped shape her party 's platform , traveling the country as a co-chair of the Democratic National Committee . In early January 2005 , Tubbs Jones led an unsuccessful fight against certifying Ohio 's tally in the 2004 presidential election , citing voting irregularities . Lawmakers voted down the challenge , allowing President Bush to carry the state by about 70,000 votes and sealing his 286-251 victory in the Electoral College . Tubbs Jones was one of the most ardent supporters of Sen. Hillary Clinton 's 2008 run for the White House . After Clinton bowed out of the race in June , she endorsed Sen. Barack Obama , now the presumptive Democratic nominee . Tubbs Jones , a superdelegate , had been scheduled to attend the Democratic National Convention next week in Denver , Colorado . "  She was not only a professional , but she could reach into your soul and shake it , " said Rep. Joe Sestak , D-Pennsylvania , who said he met Tubbs Jones at a Clinton rally . "  Hillary Clinton was lucky to have a supporter like her . " Clinton , in a statement with her husband , former President Clinton , and their daughter , Chelsea , said Tubbs Jones ' friendship "  meant the world to us . " iReport.com : Share your memories of Tubbs Jones "  We could always count on her to be a shoulder on which to lean , an ear to bend , a voice to reassure , " the Clintons said . "  Over the course of many years , with many ups and many downs , Stephanie was right by our side -- unwavering , indefatigable . "  It was that fighting spirit -- safely stowed behind her disarming smile , backed by so much integrity and fiery intelligence -- that allowed Stephanie to rise from modest beginnings , to succeed in public service , to become a one-woman force for progress in our country . " Born in Cleveland , Tubbs Jones started public life as a municipal judge in 1981 . She also had been a trial court judge and , for the seven years before her election to Congress , a county prosecutor . Her husband , Mervyn , died in October 2003 of a heart attack . The couple had one son . Tubbs Jones would have turned 59 on September 10 . CNN 's Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	NEW : Bush , Clintons issue statements lauding Tubbs Jones Rep. Stephanie Tubbs Jones died a day after falling ill , officials say She was the first female black U.S. representative from Ohio Tubbs Jones was to have been Democratic superdelegate in Denver
CNN  -- Authorities have charged a 44-year-old man with attempted murder after an early morning shooting at a bar in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , police said Tuesday . Suspect Nathan Van Wilkins was charged with 17 counts of attempted murder in the shooting , which occurred at 12:30 a.m. Tuesday at the Copper Top bar near the University of Alabama campus , Tuscaloosa Police Sgt. Brent Blankley said . Wilkins also faces another attempted murder charge for a shooting earlier that night in a nearby subdivision , he said . Wilkins was in the Tuscaloosa County Jail Tuesday night with a $ 2 million bond , Blankley said . Police were confident Wilkins was the shooter "  based on some of the things he 's told us , " Police Chief Steve Anderson said earlier Tuesday . No weapon had been recovered , he added . Tuesday afternoon , the suspect went into a business in Jasper , about 50 miles north of Tuscaloosa , and "  indicated he was involved in the incident , " Anderson said . He was taken into custody by police there and returned to Tuscaloosa . Surveillance video showed a man walking up to the bar , standing outside for a few minutes looking for someone and then beginning to shoot a military-style assault rifle , Anderson said . Tuscaloosa police Sgt. Brent Blankley said 17 people were admitted to DCH hospital with injuries related to the shooting . Anderson could not confirm how many of those admitted were shot and how many were injured by shrapnel or flying objects . Of those hurt , he said , one was in "  extremely critical " condition , and three others were in critical condition . Police will work with federal authorities to enhance the surveillance footage , he said . Eleven shell casings have been recovered , Blankley said . The casings will be compared with those from a shooting that happened in a nearby neighborhood earlier in the evening , Anderson said . DCH hospital briefly went on lockdown after the incident in order to handle the influx of patients . Arrest made in slain Alabama twins case Riley Dunn , a University of Alabama senior who was injured in the shooting , told The Tuscaloosa News that 80 to 90 people were in the bar at the time . "  We were all just shooting pool and hanging out , " Dunn said . "  It was kind of loud from the music , but we heard the gunshot , and no one really knew what to think . The first gunshot took place , then about 20 seconds later , that 's when he really started firing them off . After that , everyone really scattered . " Dunn said he suffered a shrapnel-like wound to his leg . Anderson said three of the people injured during the shooting were students . Justin McDaniel , who was with Dunn at the scene , told The Tuscaloosa News that the injured left trails of blood outside the bar . He was n't injured , but his shirt had large splotches of blood on it from running through the bar , the newspaper said . "  We started getting away from the gunshot , like going towards out front , and that 's where all the shooting really took place at , " one witness told CNN affiliate WBMA . All he could see , he said , were "  sparks and people ducking and glass busting . ... We never saw the guy shooting . " Tuscaloosa , about 60 miles southwest of Birmingham , is home to the University of Alabama . The Copper Top is about a mile from campus . Auburn killings suspect appears in court CNN 's George Howell , Joe Sutton , Dave Alsup and Meridith Edwards contributed to this report .	NEW : Police : Nathan Van Wilkins , 44 , is in jail with a $ 2 million bond He faces 18 attempted murder charges Wilkins taken into custody after turning himself in at business 50 miles away Police say 17 people injured , four with critical wounds
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Michael Madsen was arrested after getting in a scuffle with his teenage son Friday , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department said . Madsen , 54 , was arrested Friday afternoon after deputies were called to his Malibu home , according to a sheriff 's department statement . "  Madsen , an actor , appeared under the influence of alcohol got into a physical altercation with his teenage son , " the statement said The teen did not need medical attention . Madsen , who starred in the movie "  Kill Bill , " faces a charge of cruelty to a child . Bail was set at $ 100,000 .	54-year-old Michael Madsen was arrested Friday afternoon Madsen starred in the movie "  Kill Bill " He faces a charge of cruelty to a child
CNN  -- Civilian deaths in Afghanistan dropped 12 % in 2012 -- the first time that figure has fallen in six years , a U.N. report said Tuesday . The report by the U.N. Assistance Mission to Afghanistan  UNAMA  credits the decline to : -- fewer suicide bombings -- a decline in aerial attacks -- less ground fighting between pro-government and militant forces -- care taken by those pro-government forces to minimize harm to civilians . Afghanistan 's future : 5 burning questions Deaths down , injuries up slightly "  The decrease in civilian casualties UNAMA documented in 2012 is very much welcome , " said Jan Kubis , a U.N. special representative for Afghanistan . "  Yet , the human cost of the conflict remains unacceptable . " Kubis blames the use of roadside bombs by militants as " the single biggest killer of civilians . " The report noted a marginal increase in civilian injuries compared to 2011 . The report comes as the United States and most NATO nations plan to pull their troops out of Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . Civilians in the cross hairs Despite the overall decrease in casualties -- deaths plus injuries -- militants increasingly targeted civilians throughout the country and carried out attacks without regard for human life , the report said . In total , 81 % of all civilian casualties in 2012 were attributed to anti-government elements . The report had harsh words in particular for the Taliban , blaming the group for attacking civilians indiscriminately , even after promising not to target them . "  I welcome strong statements by the Taliban leadership urging its fighters to protect civilians but without enforcing these directives on the ground all that remains are only words , " said Kubis who called on , "  all Taliban fighters to protect civilians ... and stop using suicide bombers . " Not all casualty groups down The news was not encouraging for women and girls , who saw their casualty numbers increase last year , according to the report . "  The number of Afghan women and girls killed and injured in the conflict increased by 20 % in 2012 , " said Georgette Gagnon , director of human rights for UNAMA . "  It is the tragic reality that most Afghan women and girls were killed or injured while engaging in their everyday activities . " They are often the victims of roadside bombs , tripped by pressure plates embedded in the dirt , the report said . While the latest numbers show the first improvement in recent memory , at more than 7,500 casualties , they 're still far from what the UNAMA would like to see . "  Conflict-related violence continued to seriously threaten the lives and well-being of thousands of Afghan children , women and men , " Gagnon said . "  This situation demands even greater commitment and redoubled efforts to protect Afghan civilians in 2013 and beyond . "	New : Casualties are up among women and girls , report says 81 % of civilian casualties were attributed to anti-government forces U.S. and most NATO nations plan to pull their troops out by end of 2014 "  The human cost of the conflict remains unacceptable , " a U.N. official says
CNN  -- Davis Cup champions Serbia have progressed to the quarterfinals of the men 's team tournament after a comfortable 4-1 win over India in Novi Sad . World No. 18 Viktor Troicki sealed victory for the Serbs in front of their partisan home supporters with a 6-4 6-2 7-5 success over India 's highest-ranked singles player Somdev Devvarman . And Janko Tipsarevic added the icing on the cake by thrashing Karan Rastogi 6-0 6-1 in the final singles rubber . Serbia led 2-1 going into the deciding day , following Troicki 's five-set win over U.S. Open doubles finalist Rohan Bopanna on Friday and Saturday 's doubles victory for Ilija Bozoljac and Nenad Zimonjic . India 's only triumph came courtesy of world No. 93 Devverman who beat 45th-ranked Tipsarevic in straight sets on day one of their first-round world group tie . Both teams were missing their best players for the tie , with world No. 3 Novak Djokovic -- who led Serbia to victory over France in the 2010 final -- and Indian doubles pairing Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi having opted out . Next up for Serbia will be Sweden , after the Scandanavians built up an unassailable 3-0 lead in the best-of-five match tie over Russia on Saturday . Russians Dmitry Tursunov and Igor Andreev won both Sunday 's reverse singles rubbers over Simon Aspelin and Joachim Johansson respectively in Boras , but it was too late for them to progress any further in the event . Philipp Petzschner was the hero for Germany after the world No. 67 defeated big-serving Ivo Karlovic of Croatia 6-4 7-6 7-6 in their tie 's deciding rubber in Zagreb . Marin Cilic had delighted the home crowd by defeating Philipp Kohlschreiber 6-2 6-3 7-6 in Sunday 's opening rubber , but Petzschner kept his nerve to see Germany through . Germany will now face France , who battled past Austria 3-2 in Vienna as Jeremy Chardy scored the decisive point with a 2-6 7-6 6-3 6-3 win over Martin Fischer . Earlier , world No. 10 Jurgen Melzer beat Gilles Simon 7-6 3-6 1-6 6-4 6-0 to level the tie at 2-2 ahead of the deciding rubber . World No. 8 Andy Roddick , playing in the Davis Cup for the first time since 2009 , secured the United States their quarterfinal berth with a 3-6 7-6 6-3 6-3 win over Paul Capdeville of Chile to put the Americans 3-1 ahead . John Isner completed the job in Santiago , beating Guillermo Rivera 6-3 6-7 7-5 to give the visitors a 4-1 overall victory . The U.S. team will now face 2008 and 2009 champions Spain in the last eight , after the team lead by world No. 1 Rafael Nadal and comprising of two other top-10 players David Ferrer and Fernando Verdasco , booked their place in the final after racing to a 3-0 lead over Belgium in Charleroi on Saturday . Nadal made it 4-0 with a 6-4 6-2 victory over Olivier Rochus , although the home side claimed a point on the board by winning the final singles rubber . Argentina had already secured their place in the last eight after going 3-0 up against Romania in Buenos Aires on Saturday . The teams shared the reverse singles rubbers to give the home side a 4-1 win and they now play Kazakhstan , who provided the biggest upset of the weekend in their first appearance in the World Group , beating the Czech Republic 3-2 in Ostrava just hours after finding out their hotel rooms had been burgled . Andrey Golubev , ranked 43 , shocked Tomas Berdych 7-5 5-7 6-4 6-2 in the day 's first reverse singles , before world No. 63 Mikhail Kukushkin defeated Jan Hajek 6-4 6-7 7-6 6-0 to seal the decisive point for the visitors . Meanwhile at the WTA Malaysia Open , Australia 's Jelena Dokic won her first title on the women 's tour since 2002 when she beat world No. 31 Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic . Former world No. 4 Dokic showed glimpses of the greatness that saw her reach the Australain open quarterfinals in 2009 to defeat her fifth-seeded opponent 2-6 7-6 6-4 in Sunday 's final , winning her sixth career singles title in the process .	Reigning Davis Cup champions Serbia progress to the quarterfinals of the competition Serbia complete a 4-1 victory over India by winning both reverse singles in Novi Sad Croatia , USA , Germany , Spain and Argentina are also through to the last eight Kazakhstan provide the shock of the first round with a 3-2 win over the Czech Republic
New York  CNN  -- Moments after pilot Paul Dudley maneuvered his Bell 206 Jet Ranger into the air near midtown Manhattan , he radioed that the helicopter was experiencing problems , officials said Wednesday . Dudley , an experienced commercial pilot with 2,200 hours of flight time , careened above New York 's East River as his craft lost altitude and eventually plunged into the water , according to National Transportation Safety Board member Mark Rosekind . A 15-member NTSB team is now trying to find out why the helicopter crashed , killing one woman and injuring four other people , he said . The woman , Sonia Marra of Sydney , Australia , died on her 40th birthday . Marra , a British citizen , was traveling with a friend , her mother and her stepfather when the chopper went down Tuesday afternoon . Trapped in the craft 's back seat as it submerged , she was the sole passenger unable to escape as the copter inverted and sank , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Tuesday . A source close to the investigation identified the survivors as Paul Nicholson , 71 ; Harriet Nicholson , 60 ; and Helen Tamaki , 43 . The Nicholsons are Marra 's stepfather and mother , and Tamaki is a family friend , the source said . The chopper crashed as it approached for a riverside helipad landing . Images broadcast on CNN affiliate WCBS soon after the crash showed at least three people being towed to shore in a rescue effort . Rosekind said on CNN 's "  American Morning " that the helicopter was not on an air tour flight , but a private flight , and that a complete investigation would begin Wednesday . "  The NTSB is going to focus not just on what happened , but why , " he said . U.S. Rep. Carolyn Maloney , who represents Manhattan 's East Side in Congress , said she was "  saddened and deeply concerned " about the crash . "  There have been at least 28 helicopter crashes in our city over the last three decades , " she said in a statement . "  Federal transportation officials should investigate not only the causes of this crash , but also whether it is safe to have such a high volume of helicopter traffic over our densely populated city . " Had the crash occurred over land , the death toll could have been much higher , Maloney said . Dudley , the pilot , previously made an emergency landing in a small Cessna plane in a Brooklyn , New York , park in 2006 . CNN 's Jason Kessler , Eden Pontz and Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	NEW : The experienced commercial pilot had 2,200 hours of flight time NEW : A team of 15 NTSB members are investigating The victim -- a British citizen from Sydney -- was traveling with family members and friend Three others escaped after the helicopter sank in the East River
TIME.com  -- Forget chicken soup or hot tea . There are a new batch of home flu remedies -- and they do n't skimp on the alcohol . When Jeni Britton Bauer , owner of Jeni 's Splendid Ice Creams in Columbus , Ohio , was young , getting a cold or the flu meant her mother and grandmother would mix up a cocktail of their own cure-all for the winter ills -- a syrup of honey , lemon juice and whiskey . She 'd get a spoonful , or get to drink it in a hot lemonade before bed . So in 2004 , as those around her sniffled and sneezed their way through a moderately severe flu season , Bauer thought she could help ease some of the suffering by adding her own twist to the family recipe , turning the syrup into a sorbet so the coldness would add a soothing touch as well . The frozen treat contains orange and lemon juices , honey , "  ginger , cayenne and liquid pectin -- because it makes it into a cough drop that lubricates your throat , " Bauer says . TIME.com : Flu vaccine is 62 % effective , say health officials But the key ingredient is Maker 's Mark . "  The whiskey relaxes you , " she says . And there 's a lot of it . "  Enough that it barely stays frozen . " When she debuted the treat in 2004 , she also rolled out a kid-friendly version , using a cherry concentrate from a Michigan farm instead of bourbon . Jeni 's Influenza Rx Sorbet weathered the H1N1  "  swine flu "  scare , and with this year 's flu at epidemic levels , is now flying off shelves at $ 12 a pint in Jeni 's 10 Ohio stores , forcing her team to extend production hours to meet the growing number of online orders . But can a sorbet beat the common cold or the flu ? Doctors tell TIME that the ingredients do n't have any anti-viral properties , meaning they are n't proven to reverse the course of the illness , or prevent you from getting infected . But they may give you temporary relief of some symptoms . Here 's what experts say about the cocktail 's potential benefits : Orange and lemon juice . Both juices are high in vitamin C , but data does not confirm that consuming a lot of vitamin C will make a difference when you are actually sick . "  It 's probably something that over a long period of time helps you maintain a healthy immune system , but if you take it when you 're actually sick , it does n't do anything to the virus itself , " says Dr. Nicole Bouvier , assistant professor in the Division of Infectious Disease at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City . 5 ways to beat the winter blues Cayenne and ginger . These spices have anti-inflammatory properties that may make you feel less feverish and reduce the joint pain , headache , and muscle aches that accompany the flu -- especially the ingredient capsaicin in pepper . "  It would be the same as if you took an Advil , " says Dr. Seth Feltheimer , internal medicine physician at New York Presbyterian . Like any spicy food , the cayenne and ginger may also give you the impression that your sinuses are less congested , says Bouvier . Honey and pectin . "  Honey and pectin both provide a coating over the mucous membrane of the throat to soothe any irritation and inflammation , " says Dr. Malcolm Taw , an assistant clinical professor at the UCLA Center for East-West Medicine . Honey has anti-bacterial properties and has been used as an antiseptic . In fact , says Bouvier , "  raw unpasteurized honey has been used for wound healing because it forms a water barrier and helps keeps moisture in the wound . " Pectin is also an ingredient in cough drops . Alcohol . Sorry , whiskey fans : the Maker 's Mark is not going to cure your cold or flu , though it certainly can make you feel less miserable . The bourbon in Jeni 's sorbet is a nod to another traditional alcoholic cold remedy , the "  hot toddy , " a steamy mixture of whiskey or brandy , lemon , honey , and sometimes tea . The concoction can make you drowsy and help you fall asleep , which is n't a bad thing when you 're sick because rest helps you recovery more quickly . Why alcohol ? It 's also an antiseptic , so people might have believed that the alcohol would kill the germs in your body . But "  flu is in a lot of places where beverages do n't reach , " says Bouvier . "  It 's in your nose and in your trachea , and unless you accidentally snort the drink or inhale beverages into your trachea , the liquid is not necessarily going where the flu is infecting . " TIME.com : Achoo , it 's you ! Facebook app points the finger at flu spreaders Still , there 's something appealing -- and marketable -- about a homespun flu remedy , especially one that contains some booze . Restaurants , bars , and distilleries have started advertising special cocktails to help customers beat colds and flu and stay healthy . Gothamist reported that Qui Tequila , a premium tequila company , issued a press release claiming that doctors prescribed tequila to flu sufferers during the 1918 Spanish flu , suggesting that Qui Tequila , which is full of agave  a natural sweetener  , when mixed with vitamin C-rich lime juice , can help relieve cold and flu symptoms . During the 2009 swine flu scare , nightlife news site UrbanDaddy reported that a NYC bar called Drop Off Service was offering a "  Flu Menu , " which featured "  Cold-Eeze and Brandy , " "  The Pomegranate Emergen-C Martini , " and "  Airborne-Infused Shots "  worth noting that the site partners with some alcohol beverage companies  . And this year , Cocktail Bodega in New York City -- which is half juice bar , half cocktail lounge -- is serving up a "  Tequila Immune Booster " made with tequila , ginger and carrot juice -- a good source of vitamin A , which can help maintain a healthy immune system . But it 's worth remembering that although alcohol may numb you to some of flu 's symptoms , it 's also a diuretic , so indulging can make you lose more fluids than you take in . That can make you dehydrated and worsen your flu symptoms . No matter how healthy your drink is , staying out late can also tire you out and make you more susceptible to getting sick . On the non-alcoholic side , Taw adheres to a Chinese medicinal philosophy that maintains people with colds should consume warm things to make them feel better , not cold things -- which supports the chicken soup and hot tea idea . "  My patients who have chronic sinusitis tell me that their symptoms get worse when they pass by the freezer section of a supermarket . " He recommends slurping hot broths with onions or scallions , which contain quercetin , an anti-inflammatory compound that can help to open up congested nasal passages  think miso soup  . With all the home remedies now vying for your attention  and dollars  , sometimes a simple strategy is best . When it comes to loading up on vitamin and herbal supplements , Feltheimer says , "  I do n't go with anything that 's expensive and sounds exclusive because if it 's too good to be true , then it 's too good to be true . " It all depends on what you expect out of your flu fixer : unfortunately , there is n't much that can make the misery go away completely . But if a natural cold and flu remedy makes you feel better and tastes good , enjoy it ; just be realistic that it 's not going to work miracles . "  If you have to have the flu , you might as well celebrate it , " Bauer says . So if you want to try Jeni 's Influenza Rx Sorbet yourself , you can order it online or make it at home : Jeni 's Influenza Rx Sorbet  makes a generous 1 quart  : 2 cups fresh orange juice  from 5 to 6 oranges 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice  from about 2 lemons 2/3 cup sugar 1/3 cup honey 1/4 teaspoon powdered ginger One 3-ounce packet liquid pectin 1/8 teaspoon cayenne 2 to 4 tablespoons Maker 's Mark bourbon  optional COOK Combine the orange and lemon juices , sugar , honey , and ginger in a medium saucepan and bring to a boil , stirring to dissolve the sugar . Remove from the heat . CHILL Add the pectin , cayenne , and bourbon , if using . Pour into a bowl , cover , and refrigerate until cold . FREEZE Freeze the sorbet just until it is the consistency of very softly whipped cream .  You can eat it now , if you wish ; otherwise , proceed as directed . Pack the sorbet into a storage container , press a sheet of parchment directly against the surface , and seal with an airtight lid . Freeze in the coldest part of your freezer until firm , at least 4 hours . TIME.com List : 31 healthy foods TIME.com : Can the best ice cream in America be the biggest ? This story was originally published on TIME.com . Can influenza sorbet relieve your flu symptoms ? & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Some home flu remedies contain lots of alcohol Jeni 's Influenza Rx Sorbet is flying off the shelves in Ohio Doctors say alcohol wo n't cure your flu , although it might make you feel better One doctor says if it sounds too good to be true , it probably is
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwean opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai returned to Zimbabwe Saturday for the first time since leaving the country shortly after the controversial March 29 election . Morgan Tsvangirai has been away from Zimbabwe trying to seek support from international leaders . Tsvangirai -- who contends he won the presidential race against longtime Zimbabwe leader Robert Mugabe -- returned despite what his party said was a plot by the country 's military to assassinate him and other party leaders . The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission , after a long delay , ruled that neither candidate won a necessary majority of the vote and set a date of June 27 for Tsvangirai to again face Mugabe in a runoff vote . Tsvangirai and his Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  have called for international observers to be allowed to monitor the runoff election , but Mugabe 's government has refused the demand . Tsvangirai is expected to tour hospitals in Harare to visit victims of post-election violence . An MDC spokesman said two party members were found dead Wednesday night after being abducted from their homes in the Zimbabwean capital of Harare . Tsvangirai 's spokesman George Sibotshiwe said Saturday that the opposition leader and the entire MDC leadership are "  at risk from this brutal regime . " When contacted by CNN , a Cabinet member denied that the government had any possible role in the alleged plot , and said the report was an effort by the MDC to gain international sympathy . Chen Chimutengwende , Zimbabwe 's minister of public and interactive affairs , accused Tsvangirai of "  trying to paint a false picture of what Zimbabwe and Zimbabwe authorities are like . " "  There is no plot against him and there has never been any plot against him and he knows that , " Chimutengwende said . He called the reports from Tsvangirai 's party "  an effort to get sympathy from the international community . " There have been numerous reports from the MDC and church groups since the March balloting about kidnappings , torture , and other violence , including the deaths of opposition party members . They say the violence targets opponents of Mugabe and his Zanu-PF party . Mugabe has ruled the southern African country since it became independent 28 years ago .	Opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai returns to Zimbabwe Tsvangirai says he feels safe despite fears of a possible assassination bid Tsvangirai faces a runoff election against President Robert Mugabe June 27
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Keri Russell , who stars in the new Adam Sandler comedy "  Bedtime Stories , " says her own son is a little too young to enjoy a story before bedtime . Keri Russell , here with "  Bedtime Stories " co-star Adam Sandler , has a young son . "  He 's too squiggly and little for that right now . He 's a year and a half , " Russell tells CNN . She and husband Shane Deary have tried reading to their tot . "  We do read -LSB- him -RSB- books , and he has his favorites , but right now it 's very much like ` Read this one , read this one . ' And we read the first two pages , then he 's like , ` and now this one . ' I 'm like ` But we have n't gotten to the best part ! Let me finish . ' It 's a lot of that . " Russell and Deary named their son River , which she acknowledges is unusual . "  It was a name we like , and my husband grew up on Martha 's Vineyard . It was a lot of sort of unusual hippie names , so we thought we could get away with it . " Other unconventional celebrity baby names include Bronx Mowgli Wentz  son of Pete Wentz and Ashlee Simpson  , Apple Martin  daughter of Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin  and Naviyd Ely Raymond  son of singer Usher and Tameka Raymond  . Russell offers a reason why some entertainers choose distinctive names for their children : It 's the nature of their work . "  It 's an unusual life . I mean , so there tend to be creative people , and maybe people are more creative with their names , too , " she says . "  Or -LSB- they -RSB- feel like they do n't have to be so confined to tradition because it 's such an untraditional line of work . "	Keri Russell stars in new Adam Sandler film "  Bedtime Stories " Russell has 1 1/2 - year-old child who 's "  too squiggly " for own stories Russell 's boy is named River ; she recognizes name is unusual
CNN  -- Do you like you ? Perhaps you ought to put a ring on your delightful self . Mention "  self-marriage " in any given group , and many people will likely chuckle over the notion of a sad , slump-shouldered bachelor who 's given up on the idea of ever finding love , or a gift-grubbing girl just in it for the gravy boat and stand mixer . Jewelry designer Jeffrey Levin and branding and consulting expert Bonnie Powers are hoping to march in and alter that perception with their new "  I Married Me Self-Wedding In a Box . " The husband and wife team raised $ 6,116 in a recent Indiegogo campaign to produce and market the kit , which contains a handmade ring , ceremony instructions , three "  Promises To Me " and an affirmation card for each day of the week . It 's not about giving up , they say , but rather about lifting up and celebrating the singular awesomeness of yourself . CNN spoke with Howard about the importance of saying "  I do ! " to you and why the couple is so wedded to the notion of self-marriage . An edited transcript of the conversation is below . CNN : If you make a public declaration that you 're marrying yourself , does that mean you 've resigned yourself to being alone forever ? Bonnie Powers : This is n't about waiting for the right one . "  Well , I have n't met the right one , so I 'm just going to marry myself . " It 's so not about that . We reframe it to say that when you love yourself , increase moments of positivity , and can amplify your own sense of awareness about your emotional state , it increases your health . Happiness is contagious . Let 's say you 're an individual person who does this on your own and you tell your family , "  Hey , I just married myself , you should do it ! " People might say , "  WHAAAT ? " But when they understand that it 's about affirming that you have all this love and importance , they get it . And when you do this in front of or as part of a group , being socially connected and supporting each other and creating community around it definitely amplifies the experience . At our own wedding , after we said our vows , we had our guests marry themselves . We had 120 people there and after each vow when we had people say that they promised to do it , and they together said , "  I promise ! " there was joy and elation on their faces . People had their fists in the air . The energy of that was pretty incredible . CNN : What if someone feels shy about doing this in front of people ? Powers : It 's not crucial , but it does enhance . For an individual person , this can be incredibly powerful . Some people might feel self-conscious in a group . And if doing this alone is a way they can reflect and come to the same place at the end , I support that . The kit is written for an individual but does have some alternate copy for a group . CNN : Have people worried that this could be seen as a selfish act ? Powers : There have been questions around the idea that our society has become very "  me , me , me " focused , and people wonder if this ritual is just about that . They 're not necessarily seeing the deep meaning behind it . Part of it is being able to relate to the notion that this ceremony is a very authentic and loving thing that is symbolic , and not meaning to replace the idea of marriage -- if that is your thing . Some people are in committed relationships and they 're not actually married . It does n't have to be about that . CNN : What exactly is the goal of marrying yourself ? Powers : There 's a lot about self-wedding that is symbolic . It 's about acknowledging that you are a lovable , adorable , amazing person with all these fabulous qualities , and sometimes that 's really hard to stick with . When we have experienced the ritual with people , we see that it centers and focuses them on themselves and gives them some guidelines . Some of us have done a lot of work on ourselves . I studied yoga to deepen my understanding of various philosophies and take my yoga off the mat and into the world . Some people have done a lot of therapy or gone to a lot of groups . Not everybody has and some people do n't know how to find that place within . We wanted to give anybody the opportunity , whether they are totally evolved and have been on that path for a long time and know how to get there or if they have n't entered that path to self-actualization and awareness . This can offer a road map . CNN : What happens in the ceremony ? Powers : What we created is reflective of what we went through , asking ourselves , "  What are the things that you want to do ? What is the place that brings you joy ? " It may be a memory or something sensory . Maybe you just love the beach and want to do this there . If you want to bring food and drink and wine or do something celebratory with Champagne , think about that . You can bring music . In the preparation , you get to think about the qualities you really admire about yourself , that build you up and make you feel lovable . We also ask people to think about the things that trip you up . Do you need to work on your self-esteem ? Maybe you 've made some mistakes and continue to judge yourself . Part of the path to loving yourself is forgiveness . We wanted that to be a very strong part of that process , and the ceremony takes you through as a way to get started and ground yourself . It talks about the symbolism of the ring and takes you through each of the three different vows . CNN : How important is the ring ? Powers : There 's a notion about these micromoments of positivity and that those add up . You need reminders sometimes that you can have positive moments in your life . Some people might carry around a piece of beach glass that they found , and it gives them a feeling of being connected to nature . People might hold in their hand , or touch an object that has some kind of symbolism . The idea of the ring is the same thing . You have something that you are wearing that reminds you to come back to yourself and focus on the present and what makes you loveable and brings you happiness and joy . We have a lot of discussions about the ring . Jeffrey did n't want it to be a throwaway object , something people would n't think is important . We wanted it to be sterling silver , and we also know that some people really like to wear gold . We find that people are adding it to the engagement and wedding bands that they already wear . CNN : Where do you see this going ? Is it a movement ? Powers : Certainly we would love the idea of people looking within themselves and recognizing their awesomeness -- because we all have awesomeness inside us , and we get tripped up and forget . Part of what Jeffrey and I want is for more people to focus on that in the most selfless way , so happiness and joy can spread . What do you think about self-marriage ? Is it something you would ever consider ? Weigh in via the comments below .	Self-wedding is n't about not finding the right one or giving up , says Bonnie Powers The goal is for people to recognize the "  awesomeness " inside ourselves A ring is a tangible reminder of the promises you make to yourself at the ceremony The ceremony does n't have to be public , Powers says , but it helps
London  CNN  -- British police said Thursday they have arrested a 39-year-old woman suspected of involvement in the hacking of voice mails of celebrities and politicians by British newspapers . She 's the fourth person arrested this year over a scandal that has forced the News of the World newspaper into a public apology and offers to pay compensation to victims , including actress Sienna Miller . Three men were arrested in April and are currently on bail , police said . The paper 's royal reporter and a private investigator were sent to prison in 2007 for hacking into voice mails of staff working for Britain 's royal family . Police launched a new investigation this year into hacking by journalists in response to widespread complaints from politicians , celebrities and other high-profile figures who fear they have been targets . British lawmaker Tom Watson earlier this month said in parliament that police have information that "  strongly suggests " a second private investigator targeted royals , lawmakers and high-level terrorist informers on behalf of the News International media group . Media tycoon Rupert Murdoch 's News International owns the News of the World , plus the Sun and the Times in Britain . British media said the targets included former Prime Minister Tony Blair and Kate Middleton when she was dating Prince William , the second in line to the throne . They married in April . Buckingham Palace and Prince William 's office at Clarence House both declined to comment . The Metropolitan Police told CNN June 9 it "  has received a number of allegations regarding breach of privacy ... . These allegations are currently being considered . " News International rejected the accusation . "  With regards to Tom Watson 's specific allegations , we believe these are wholly inaccurate , " the company told CNN , adding that it was cooperating with ongoing police investigations into phone hacking and had not been asked about the work of the private investigator Watson named in Parliament . But it said it was "  well documented " that the investigator "  worked for a whole variety of newspaper groups . " News of the World officially apologized in April for hacking into voice mails . The Sunday tabloid newspaper offered compensation and "  apologized unreservedly " for the "  unacceptable " hacking . It did not name the victims . Murdoch 's media empire encompasses the Wall Street Journal , the New York Post , Fox News and Harper Collins publishers , as well as the Times and the Sun newspapers .	British police are investigating claims that journalists were behind widespread hacking News of the World apologized to a number of people and paid compensation to Sienna Miller A British lawmaker said in parliament that police have information suggesting more hacking Media reports say Tony Blair and Kate Middleton were among the victims
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- They filled the grounds in front of the collapsed cathedral in Haiti 's capital . To remember . To cope . To pray . Wednesday marked the first anniversary of the earthquake that changed the face of a nation . More than 200,000 people perished last January 12 when the earth shook violently for a few seconds . Houses toppled , swallowing residents alive . Government offices and landmark buildings , including the Notre Dame cathedral , came tumbling down . Five days ago , three more bodies were pulled from the rubble in central Port-au-Prince . Haitians still come to pray at the cathedral every Sunday . On this day , the crowds overwhelmed the small park in front . People embraced one another and cried openly . There was no reason to hide the sorrow that pervades their lives every day . In one neighborhood , a man woke up residents as he walked through the streets at dawn . He carried a Bible and recited prayers . Faith is all that many Haitians have left . For the rest of the world , January 12 is a day to mark the horror that unfolded in Haiti . But Haitians must cope with their memories every day . Jane-Eileen Fourcand says she is avoiding watching television on Wednesday . She does not need reminders . Instead , she will quietly remember the death of her mother , killed instantly in the quake , and her father , who was rescued after being buried for 16 hours but died a month later . Fourcand planned to visit her parents ' tomb with flowers in hand and prayers in her heart . And then , she planned to tell a few jokes . "  Why ? Because my mother always said , ` When I die , I want you to be happy about it . Do n't cry all over , ' " she said . "  I know we have to cry to get rid of the pain . But we 're going to make it a little better with these jokes we used to do . " At 4:53 p.m. , the time the earthquake hit , Haiti fell silent to pay homage to the dead -- and to the millions of lives that were forever changed in just a few seconds . In some Port-au-Prince neighborhoods , mountains of rubble still stand as they did 12 months ago . The hundreds of tent cities that shelter the displaced were supposed to be temporary . Their continuing existence makes it hard to imagine a year has passed . Many tent city residents have sadly resigned themselves to permanence in those places of squalor . Several hundred members of organizing committees for 17 makeshift camps marched Wednesday on the streets , determined to cast a spotlight on their plight . They carried a sign saying in Creole : "  If I do n't stand up , I 'm condemned to live in a tent for the rest of my life . " The anniversary of the catastrophe , as the Haitians call it , comes as the Caribbean nation grapples with new crises : a cholera epidemic that has killed more than 3,700 Haitians and a political impasse sparked by allegations of fraud in a presidential election . International monitors from the Organization of American States decided to wait until the anniversary passed to hand President Rene Preval the results of its election review , which suggests that Preval 's handpicked successor be eliminated from contention . Preval has grown increasingly unpopular as many Haitians perceive the government response to Haiti 's troubles has been inadequate . There is a growing tide , too , of criticism of the thousands of aid agencies that operate in the country . At the United Nations in New York , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon noted that 102 U.N. personnel died in the earthquake . He acknowledged that progress has been slow . "  Haiti 's streets are still full of rubble , " he said . "  International aid and investment has not come as quickly as needed or as promised . " But , he added , "  We are making progress . " He said the number of people living in camps is half of what it was at the peak of the emergency , and clean water is being provided to 1 million people , and food to 2 million people . "  We will help a new government get on its feet and fulfill its responsibilities to its people and , despite the slow start , recovery and reconstruction is finally beginning in earnest . " But earthquake survivors like Michel Clervil wonder why , a year on , nothing has changed in Haiti , why he has n't seen any of the money the world sent . He lost his house and was forced to find shelter in a camp , where his wife , Eliane , died of disease . Many people are still suffering , he says . "  And we do n't know why . "	A year ago , a massive earthquake struck Haiti Thousands gather to remember and pray at the cathedral in Port-au-Prince The nation marked a moment of silence
CNN  -- England and Sri Lanka drew their third and final Test at the Rose Bowl on Monday , a result that saw hosts England take a 1-0 series victory . A century from Sri Lankan captain Kumar Sangakkara , the 25th of his career , ensured the tourists escaped defeat in a match that saw 155 overs lost due to bad weather in its first three days . A final downpor during the tea interval prevented any further play , with Sri Lanka on 334 for five in their second innings -- having lost just two wickets on the final day . This meant Sri Lanka had a lead of 141 , in reply to England 's first innings total of 377 for eight declared . England won the first Test in Cardiff by an innings and 114 runs before a draw in the second Test at Lord 's , and Sangakkara -- who made 119 -- told reporters his side were ultimately made to pay for collapsing to 82 all out inside 25 overs in that first Test match . "  None of us were really switched on for Cardiff , we could have had a 0-0 Test series if we were , " said Sangakkara . "  There is a lot of regret but lessons were learned . There were various situations that could have played out today but we batted with our heads held high and walked away with a good result . " England captain Andrew Strauss added : "  We got ourselves in a position to go on and win the game but fair play to Sangakkara , the Sri Lankans blunted our attack -- we did n't make the inroads we needed to make . " "  I think we got ourselves into good positions in all three Test matches and in a way that two-hour session in Cardiff was good enough to get us one result . " England remain third in the ICC Test rankings behind leaders India , their next Test opponents , and South Africa .	England and Sri Lanka draw their third and final Test at the Rose Bowl Captain Kumar Sangakkara scores a century as Sri Lanka batted out to avoid defeat England won the three-Test series 1-0 courtesy of first Test victory in Cardiff
It 's like finding a needle in a universe-wide haystack . Researchers have located a planet roughly the size of Earth that could be habitable . Designated Kepler-186f , the planet is 490 light-years away . But in the search for worlds similar to ours , nothing has come closer . "  This is the first definitive Earth-sized planet found in the habitable zone around another star , " said Elisa Quintana of the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence  SETI  Institute at NASA . "  Finding such planets is a primary goal of the Kepler space telescope . " "  This discovery not only proves the existence of worlds that might be similar to our own but will undoubtedly shape future investigations of exoplanets that could have terrestrial surface environments , " the institute said in an announcement Thursday . After spotting it , the institute wasted no time searching for emissions that could indicate the presence of ETs . So far , no emissions have been found . The size -- estimated to be 10 % larger than Earth -- and distance from its star do n't just make for interesting factoids . They give scientists hope that Kepler-186f might sustain life as we know it . Of nearly 1,800 "  confirmed exoplanets " that have been found , approximately 20 orbit their host stars within habitable zones , where it 's believed surface water would not freeze or boil . In 2011 , NASA announced that Kepler had observed five planets approximately the size of Earth and in the habitable zone . But the "  previously discovered worlds are larger than Earth , and consequently their true nature -- rocky or gaseous -- is unknown , " the SETI Institute said in a written announcement on Thursday . "  On the basis of the observed dimming of starlight from Kepler-186 , the authors estimate that this newly discovered planet is roughly the same size as the Earth . " Theoretical models and observations tell scientists that planets the size of Kepler-186f likely have a composition of iron , rock and ice , like Earth , Quintana told reporters Thursday . Even if Kepler-186f is rocky , it 's not necessarily habitable , scientists warned Thursday . First , a lot would depend on the atmosphere , if it has one , Thomas Barclay of NASA 's Kepler mission said . And scientists right now do n't have the technology to know what the atmosphere is . The star 's size -- it 's an M-dwarf star , smaller and less hot than our sun -- also could come into play . Because it is smaller , the habitable zone is closer , so radiation could prevent life if the atmosphere is n't dense enough , said Victoria Meadows of the University of Washington Virtual Planetary Laboratory . But the Webb space-based telescope , now under construction , should be able to gather images of planets around closer dwarf stars and study their atmospheres . Scientists are especially keen about checking dwarf stars because their habitable planets are more easily detectable , and because they are the most abundant type of star in our galaxy , Barclay said . For researchers , the discovery of Kepler-186f is like a beginning . It 's a first but "  not a record we wish to keep , " Quintana said . "  We want to find more of these . " It 's likely they will . Astronomers at the University of California , Berkeley , and the University of Hawaii , using data from Kepler , estimate there are tens of billions of Earth-size , possibly habitable planets in our Milky Way galaxy .	Researchers find an Earth-sized planet that may be habitable It "  proves the existence of worlds that might be similar to our own , " institute says Scientists are looking for emissions that could suggest extraterrestrial life Previously discovered worlds were larger than Earth
CNN  -- The king of the South Pacific nation of Tonga died "  peacefully " Sunday at a hospital in Hong Kong , a Tongan government official said Monday . He was 63 . A cause of death has not been released by the government . "  Tonga has just woken up to the sad news of the passing of King George Tupou V , " said Paula Ma'u , an official in the Ministry of Information and Communication . "  We are all in mourning . " Ma'u said Crown Prince Tupouto'a Lavaka , heir to the throne , was with the king "  just before he passed away . " Pesi Fonua , editor of Matangi Tonga online news website , said the Oxford-educated king was known for his world travel and spending habits , but was also respected for his efforts to bring democratic reforms and modernize Tongo . "  This king brought in things like mobile phones and other advances that we could n't dream would come to Tonga , and his push for democracy made a big impact on the people here , " Fonua said . However , he said , Tongans had "  mixed feelings here in the community " about the king . "  He lived a bachelor life , always a single man , and he traveled a lot around the world and spent money . He brought us in some ways forward into the 21st century , but some people have different -- not as good -- views on him . " Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard expressed her condolences in a statement Monday , crediting George V with guiding "  his country through a critical process of constitutional change towards the establishment of a constitutional monarchy . " Tonga , with a population of 106,000 , is the only monarchy that remains in the Pacific . George V ascended to the throne after the death of his father in September 2006 and quickly promised to speed up government reforms demanded by the people . "  Let us rebuild a new capital and a new Tonga , " George V said in 2006 , a week after a pro-democracy rally in the capital city of Nuku'alofa led to riots that left eight people dead and the central business district in ruins . In 2008 , he announced he was giving up most of the near-absolute power that his family held for centuries and allowing the prime minister to guide the day-to-day governmental affairs . Tonga is an archipelago of 171 islands directly south of Western Samoa . Less than a third of the islands are inhabited . The present dynasty was founded in 1845 after the Tongan islands were first united . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : The king helped modernize Tongo and push for reforms , a Tongan news editor says A cause of death has not been released King George Tupou V had been monarch since 2006 Tonga is the only monarchy that remains in the Pacific
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Clashes between Palestinians and Israeli soldiers broke out Monday , a day after Israel announced it would include two West Bank religious shrines as part of a larger list of 150 Zionist heritage sites . About 100 protesters were throwing stones and burning tires in the West Bank city of Hebron , the Israeli military said . Palestinian eyewitnesses reported that several protesters had been injured by tear gas and rubber bullets . The clashes come in the wake of a special Sunday Cabinet meeting held at one of the "  national heritage " sites where Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu outlined a plan to invest more than $ 100 million on national heritage infrastructure . "  People must be familiar with their homeland and its cultural and historical vistas , " he said . "  This is what we will instill in this and coming generations , to the glory -- if I may say -- of the Jewish people . " Included in the list of sites are Rachel 's Tomb in Palestinian city of Bethlehem and the Tomb of the Patriarchs in the city of Hebron . A top United Nations official said the inclusion of sites in the West Bank raised concerns because they were "  in occupied Palestinian territory . " The Tomb of the Patriarchs -- known to Palestinians as Ibrahimi mosque -- is in Hebron , a West Bank city that houses about 500 Jews heavily guarded by Israeli soldiers , who live among about 170,000 Palestinians . The tomb is revered by Jews and Muslims as holy and has been a point of frequent conflict between the Israelis and Palestinians for years . In 1994 , an Israeli settler entered the tomb and opened fire on the Muslim worshippers , killing 29 before he was beaten to death . Rachel 's Tomb is known to Palestinians as the mosque of Bilal . The Palestinian reaction after the announcement was fast and furious . A statement by the Revolutionary Council of Fatah , the political faction in charge of the Palestinian Authority , called the Israeli plan a move to "  consolidate the occupation " and an effort at "  judaizing " Palestinian land . Dr. Hamdan Taha , an official at the Palestinian Authority 's Ministry of Tourism , said the the two sites were "  an integral part of Palestinian culture " and that if the Israeli government persisted in its efforts , "  Palestinians will feel free to nominate sites inside the green line in their heritage list . " Green line refers to the border before Israel occupied the West Bank . Nationalist and right wing parties in Israel praised the government move and called for the inclusion of more West Bank locations to the list of heritage sites . Robert H. Serry , the United Nations special coordinator for the Middle East peace process , also expressed concern . "  These sites are in occupied Palestinian territory and are of historical and religious significance not only to Judaism but also to Islam , and to Christianity as well , " he said in a statement . "  I urge Israel not to take any steps on the ground which undermine trust or could prejudice negotiations , the resumption of which should be the highest shared priority of all who seek peace . " Nationalist and right-wing parties in Israel praised the government move and called for the inclusion of more West Bank locations to the list of heritage sites . Mark Regev , a spokesman for Netanyahu , said no one could deny that the two West Bank locations were of historical and religious significance to the Jews . He said the danger of their inclusion on a list of sites to the peace process was overstated .	Sites include Rachel 's Tomb in Bethlehem and Tomb of the Patriarchs in Hebron Tomb of the Patriarchs is known to Palestinians as Ibrahimi mosque Tomb revered by Jews and Muslims as holy and has been a point of frequent conflict Rachel 's Tomb is known to Palestinians as the mosque of Bilal
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Maria Shriver cited "  irreconcilable differences " in a petition filed Friday to dissolve her 25-year marriage to former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger . The move comes more than a month after Schwarzenegger acknowledged that he fathered a child outside of his marriage . The couple announced their separation on May 9 , calling it a mutual decision made "  after a great deal of thought , reflection , discussion , and prayer . " It became clear a week later that the split was triggered by Schwarzenegger 's revelation to his wife that he had fathered a child with his housekeeper . "  After leaving the governor 's office I told my wife about this event , which occurred over a decade ago , " Schwarzenegger said in a statement May 17 . "  I understand and deserve the feelings of anger and disappointment among my friends and family . " Shriver , in a written statement that same day , described it as "  a painful and heartbreaking time . " "  As a mother , my concern is for the children , " she said . "  I ask for compassion , respect and privacy as my children and I try to rebuild our lives and heal . I will have no further comment . " It was confirmed several days later that a son fathered by Schwarzenegger with his housekeeper was born less than a week after Shriver gave birth to Schwarzenegger 's son , Christopher , who is now 13 . Shriver 's signature on the divorce papers is dated June 18 , but her lawyer filed them with the Los Angeles County Superior Court on Friday . Shriver 's petition proposed that she and Schwarzenegger share joint custody of their two minor sons , Patrick , 17 , and Christopher . They also have two adult daughters , Katherine and Christina . The date of their separation was listed as "  to be determined . " The filing did not detail the assets to be divided between Shriver and Schwarzenegger "  There are community and quasi-community assets and obligations of the parties , the exact nature and extent of which are unknown to petitioner at this time , " Shriver 's petition said . Schwarzenegger , a naturalized U.S. citizen from Austria who gained fame as the youngest winner of the Mr. Universe bodybuilding contest , was governor until January . He has been busy in recent months reviving his acting career and signing movie deals -- including plans for another installment of the "  Terminator " series . CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Shriver wants joint custody of the couple 's two minor children Shriver and Arnold Schwarzenegger split after more than 25 years together He has admitted to fathering a child outside of his marriage Shriver and Schwarzenegger share four children
CNN  -- The man known as the "  American Taliban " won a legal fight that will allow him and fellow Muslim inmates to gather for daily prayers . A federal judge ruled Friday that the warden at the federal prison in Terre Haute , Indiana , was violating John Walker Lindh 's rights by not allowing the religious activities . Lindh argued that before 2007 Muslim prisoners were allowed to pray together for at least three of Islam 's five daily prayers . Since then , with the exception of the holy month of Ramadan , the Muslim prisoners are allowed to gather only once a week . The unit Lindh is housed in has 55 cells , and the majority of the prisoners are Muslim , according to court documents . By not allowing group prayer , while at the same time allowing other group activities such as board games , the warden was violating the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , Judge Jane Magnus-Stinson found . The law was designed to protect freedom of religion in prison , where policies can place burdens on such rights . The judge ordered an injunction "  prohibiting the warden from enforcing the policy against daily congregate prayer for Muslims , including Mr. Lindh , for whom daily congregate prayer is a sincerely held religious belief , " the court order states . Already , prisoners are allowed to gather in the unit 's multi-purpose room to listen or watch recording of Quran verses . Allowing them to pray is not significantly different from this and should be allowed , the judge ruled . Lindh , who was born in California , converted to Islam as a teenager . He traveled to Afghanistan in 2001 and attended a terror training camp where he was introduced to Osama bin Laden . Lindh was captured by the Afghan Northern Alliance on November 25 , 2001 , and imprisoned in a compound in Mazar-e-Sharif , where he was questioned by CIA agent Johnny Michael Spann , who was killed in an uprising at the compound a short time later . As part of a deal , Lindh pleaded guilty to supplying services to the Taliban and carrying an explosive during the commission of a felony . His family filed a petition for clemency to commute the 20-year sentence , a request that was denied by President George W. Bush in one of his final acts in office . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	John Walker Lindh is serving a 20-year sentence in federal prison He and other Muslims are not allowed to congregate for daily prayers But they are allowed to get together for other activities A judge rules that it violates the law to not allow the group to pray together
CNN  The New York City Police Department and other law enforcement personnel responded to a threat from ISIS after someone re-released a September 2014 message that tells followers to "  rise up and kill intelligence officers , police officers , soldiers , and civilians . " The threat named the United States , France , Australia and Canada as targets . In an internal memo , NYPD employees were told to "  remain alert and consider tactics at all times while on patrol , " especially in light of the attacks in France last week . The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security issued a similar bulletin to law enforcement across the country . That bulletin and the NYPD memo make it clear that this new message is consistent with previous threats that ISIS and others , including al Qaeda , have issued . John Miller , the NYPD deputy commissioner for counterterrorism , tempered fears of a threat to officials in New York City . "  I do n't think that we are under any more threat ... or any less threat than we were the day before , " he said on CBS ' "  Face the Nation . " Miller said the department is on a "  heightened security posture on a normal day compared to almost any other police department . " More than 1,000 police officers and civilian analysts are assigned to a counterterrorism mission every day , and officers have studied the recent attacks in France , he said . France was hit with three days of terror after three suspects killed 17 civilians in multiple attacks last week . Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners ? On Sunday , an update to an old ISIS video was released by an unidentified person or organization , adding scenes from the France terror attack . The video was not issued by ISIS , and the warnings in the video are taken from an earlier video released on September 14 . "  They are hoping that the attacks in Paris by a group which included a self-professed ISIS follower will inspire other attacks in the West , " CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said . Miller did say , however , that the video re-release shows that ISIS is "  using the momentum from the Paris attacks in part of their messaging strategy to see : ` Who can we get to follow this ? ' " ISIS spokesman Abu Mohammed al Adnani 's "  fatwa calling for lone-wolf attacks back in September was a game changer , " Cruickshank said . "  Since then , we 've seen ISIS-inspired attacks in all the Western countries he specifically mentioned : Canada , the United States , Australia and France . In October we also saw United Kingdom police break up a plot to target soldiers and police by extremists who British authorities say were deeply influenced by Adnani 's fatwa , " Cruickshank added . NYPD : Hatchet attack an act of terror The spree began in Paris on Wednesday at the offices of Charlie Hebdo , a satirical magazine , after two brothers stormed the building , killing 12 people and later escaping . Early Thursday , a female police officer was killed after a man dressed in all black and wearing bulletproof vests shot her in a Paris suburb . Two hostage situations unfolded Friday between law enforcement and the two sets of suspects . The first scene ended with the two brothers suspected of the magazine murders killed by security forces , said Bernard Corneille , the mayor of Othis , France . At the same time , authorities moved into a kosher store where hostages were being held by the alleged cop killer . While 15 hostages escaped , four were killed , as was the suspect . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	NYPD on high alert after threat , but the threat is n't new , NYPD official says An ISIS spokesman is seen on video calling for followers to "  rise up "
New York  CNN  -- As news of his admission and apology reverberated Tuesday throughout the country and in the halls of Congress , those who hold Rep. Anthony Weiner 's political future in their hands debated whether the scandal will be his downfall . Some voters in Weiner 's district said he should "  never resign , " while others called for his immediate ouster . While Weiner -- first elected to Congress in 1998 -- has generally enjoyed strong backing in New York 's 9th District , his confession Monday that he has sent lewd photos of himself to women , had inappropriate relationships , and lied to the media unleashed a series of questions about his political future . What do you think about Rep. Weiner 's confession ? "  It 's scary that , you know , a political person that we elected would be able to do something like that , " said Ally Nekta , a voter in Weiner 's New York district . "  He should resign , " said fellow voter Berta Nektalov . Weiner has said he will not give up his seat . Perhaps Weiner 's troubles are best summarized by a handwritten note posted outside his district office in Sheepshead Bay in Brooklyn , New York : "  Resign , Pervert Weiner . " Eva Slomobits , 82 , has lived in Sheepshead Bay for 50 years . When asked Tuesday whether Weiner should resign , the lifelong Democrat -- who campaigned for him -- said , "  Yes . I definitely wo n't vote for him , I think of him as a different person . " "  He betrayed his wife , " Slomobits added . "  You have to think before you make a mistake . " Others took the opposite position . "  Actually , I 'm glad he 's not resigning , " Patrick Riley said . "  What he does on his personal time is his business . " Jenny McCourt , a registered Republican who has lived in the district 40 years , said Weiner should "  definitely not " resign . "  He 's a human being , " McCourt said . "  He made a mistake . " "  I think he 's one of the most effective , decent congressman out there , " said Brooklyn native Richard Elliott . Weiner 's behavior was "  stupid , " Elliott said , but not something to resign over . He also said , "  I find it ridiculous that that would be the news " when so much else is going on in the world . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi announced that she would call for an ethics committee investigation "  to determine whether any official resources were used or any other violation of House rules occurred . " Weiner insists no government resources were used . He issued a statement saying he would "  welcome and fully cooperate " with the probe , which other Democratic leaders also rallied behind . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , when asked about the controversy Tuesday , said , "  I 've known Congressman Weiner . I wish there was some way I could defend him , but I ca n't . " Later , when asked what he would do if Weiner called him for advice , Reid replied , "  I 'd tell him to call someone else . " If Weiner were to resign or be compelled to leave office , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , also a Democrat , would determine the timing of a special election to replace him . Whether or not he holds onto his congressional seat , many analysts believe he will pay a tremendous political price : losing his spot as a frontrunner in New York 's 2013 mayoral election . "  He would have had my vote . Not now , " said Ralph Polese , 55 , a retired school custodian . Polese also said Weiner should resign from Congress "  because of the way he disgraced his family . " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said Tuesday , "  It 's hard to believe , given the coverage that all of the press has given this situation , that any voters in his district are n't familiar with the situation , what happened , whatever , and they will have an opportunity to express themselves in one year and four months from now . In the meantime , you know , I keep saying , this country has lots of very big problems that maybe we should all focus on and Congress should certainly get back to work and focus on . " Republicans have jumped on the situation , targeting Democrats who have accepted financial donations from Weiner over the years . The National Republican Congressional Committee sent out news releases focusing on at least 18 districts across the country , asking whether Democratic lawmakers will "  return embattled Congressman Weiner 's tainted cash . " The news releases do n't suggest Weiner collected money inappropriately , but they refer to him as "  ethically troubled " and call on the lawmakers to return his money and "  condemn Weiner 's outrageous behavior . " One focusing on Rep. Tim Walz , D-Minnesota , notes that he has received a total of $ 3,000 from Weiner in the past . Weiner 's admission Monday came a week after he claimed a hacker had posted a lewd photo to his Twitter account . Speaking at a news conference Monday , he said he had carried on inappropriate relationships with several women he had met online . Weiner said he is not planning on separating from his wife , Huma Abedin , a longtime aide to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . He said he took "  full responsibility " for his actions -- both the relationships and for lying about sending the photo last month of his bulging underwear on his Twitter account . "  To be clear , the picture was of me , and I sent it . I 'm deeply sorry for the pain this has caused my wife , and our family , my constituents , my friends , my supporters and my staff , " he said , claiming he meant to send the photo as a direct message -- which is private -- as a "  joke " and then "  panicked " after he realized he had tweeted it , which anyone can see . "  I lied because I was ashamed at what I had done , and I did n't want to get caught , " he said . An emotional Weiner described his actions as "  dumb , " "  destructive " and "  deeply , deeply hurtful " -- both for his admitted cover-up and for repeatedly engaging in "  inappropriate conversations conducted over Twitter , Facebook , e-mail and occasionally on the phone " with women he 'd met online , mostly via Facebook . The congressman claimed that he never met any of the women in person , and that his wife learned he 'd been lying about the Twitter picture on Monday morning . The admission came hours after images were published on BigGovernment.com , a conservative website run by Andrew Breitbart , that apparently show Weiner shirtless . "  I have made terrible mistakes , " Weiner told reporters . "  I have not been honest with myself or my family . ... I should not have done this , and I should not have done this particularly when I was married . " Weiner said he "  exchanged messages and photos of an explicit nature with about six women over the last three years . " Some of those relationships began before his 2010 marriage ; some continued -- and others began -- afterward , he said . During his news conference , Weiner apologized "  to everyone that I misled in the media " -- including Breitbart -- but most of all to his wife . "  This was me doing a dumb thing , and doing it repeatedly , then lying about it , " Weiner said . Breitbart 's website was the first to publish an incriminating photo , sent May 27 via Twitter from Weiner 's account of a man in his underwear . Weiner initially released written statements claiming that he was the victim of a hacker and a prank . Then , during a testy press conference , he dodged questions about whether the photo was of him and why he had n't asked law enforcement to investigate if his account had been compromised . The following day , in a series of interviews , he said he could not say with "  certitude " if the photograph was of him . He also deflected recent questions from CNN , saying he had hired an attorney at the firm of Baker Hostetler to look into the matter . The woman who received the Twitter photo in late May , Gennette Cordova , denied on her own account that she was one of the women with whom Weiner admitted having an "  inappropriate relationship . " ABC News reports that Meagan Broussard , a 26-year-old single mother from Texas , provided them with dozens of photos , e-mails , Facebook messages and cell phone call logs related to her relationship with Weiner . In a posting on BigGovernment.com , Broussard said she was a U.S. Army veteran and full-time college student who , on April 20 , went to Weiner 's Facebook page and commented that the congressman was "  hot " on one of his videos . She said the two began corresponding "  within an hour , " adding that she did n't know if he is a "  horrible person " but decided to speak out after hearing he 'd "  hired an investigative firm to go through all of his files . " Many Democrats first rallied around the liberal congressman . But members of the House Democratic leadership have talked repeatedly in recent days to try to get him to end what has become , to them , an unwelcome political distraction , a member of the party 's leadership told CNN before Weiner 's press conference Monday . "  It 's frustrating because we 'll talk to him and say clean it up , and then he goes out and does stuff , " said the member of the House Democratic leadership , who declined to speak on the record about private discussions with Weiner . "  He 's got to put the period at the end of the sentence , " the Democratic source said before Weiner 's confession . "  It 's painful . " CNN 's Mary Snow , Meghan Rafferty , and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Harry Reid : "  I wish there was some way I could defend him , but I ca n't . " "  Resign , Pervert Weiner , " a sign posted outside his office says Bloomberg says it 's time to focus on the country 's problems , not this Republicans target lawmakers who 've accepted donations from Weiner
CNN  -- Investigators probably will have to use dental records to identify some of the eight people who were killed in a wreck involving a church bus and two other vehicles in eastern Tennessee , a Tennessee Highway Patrol official said Thursday . Some of the bodies in Wednesday 's crash were burned or otherwise made unrecognizable , hindering authorities ' ability to notify all of the victims ' families about the deaths , highway patrol Sgt. Bill Miller said . "  The crash is so horrific ... it 's probably the worst that I have seen in my career ... and I 've worked in several , several counties in my " 17 years on the job , Miller said . More from CNN affiliate WBIR The bus , owned by a North Carolina church , was carrying a group of seniors on their way back home from a religious conference when one of its tires malfunctioned , sending the bus across a median on Interstate 40 and crashing into an SUV and a tractor-trailer , authorities said . Church bus was carrying seniors home from a jubilee Eight people were killed : Six on the eastbound bus ; one of three occupants of the SUV , and the tractor-trailer driver , the Tennessee Highway Patrol said . Two of the 14 other people who were hospitalized after the wreck had been released by Thursday morning , said Travis Brickey , a representative of the University of Tennessee Medical Center . Two people were in critical condition ; seven were in serious condition , and three were in stable condition , Brickey said . None of the victims ' names was released . The church group -- about 18 people including the driver , Miller said -- was returning to the Front Street Baptist Church in Statesville , North Carolina , after attending the 17th annual Fall Jubilee conference in Gatlinburg . Indiana bus crash kills pastor , pregnant wife , chaperone on teen trip The group of senior citizens was called "  Young at Heart , " said Rick Cruz , the church 's pastor . Twelve of the hospitalized victims -- including the two in critical condition -- are church members , Cruz said Thursday morning . "  It 's been a very long night for all of us here , " Cruz told reporters . "  We are thankful for all the prayers and support that we 've been receiving . " More from CNN affiliate WHNS The wreck happened about 2 p.m. Wednesday in Jefferson County , about 40 miles east of Knoxville , the Tennessee Department of Safety said . Miller said it was n't clear exactly what happened to the bus tire , other than it malfunctioned or failed in some way . The bus swerved across a grassy median and struck the SUV before hitting the tractor-trailer , he said . The bus came to rest on its side , pinning some of its occupants , he said . More from CNN affiliate WATE Video from the site showed smoke rising from the tractor-trailer . Some people walked out of the bus on their own , but emergency personnel had to extricate others , Miller said . "  This was such a horrific crash that determining if seat belts were used or not ... may be extremely difficult to impossible to determine , " he said . Miller said it 's too early to know whether charges will be filed in connection with the wreck . More from CNN affiliate WVLT Girls injured when school bus overturns in Kansas Six dead after bus , train collide in Ottawa CNN 's Andrew Spencer and Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : Two of the 14 people hospitalized have been released Eight killed , 14 others injured in three-vehicle wreck on I-40 North Carolina church bus carried seniors returning from Tennessee jubilee Police : Tire failed and bus crossed the median , striking an SUV and a tractor-trailer
Last week , millions of Americans stood up against the Stop Online Piracy Act and the Senate 's related anti-piracy bill . Given the public outcry , it is not surprising that all four Republican presidential candidates have come out against them . But online censorship in the name of fighting piracy is only one of many issues affecting Americans ' digital freedom . Americans who care about their online freedoms should also be asking tough questions about the government 's expanding surveillance powers . As we grow increasingly dependent on the Internet and cell phones for all aspects of our lives , government abuse of citizens ' privacy requires the cooperation of the private sector . This includes companies running our Internet and wireless service providers , e-mail , and social networking services , as well as manufacturers of the devices we use to connect . Google 's announcement earlier this week that it will integrate user information across its search engine , Gmail , YouTube and its 57 other services stirred criticism from privacy groups and some members of Congress . People have good reason to be unhappy about losing control over who and what services know what about them . But that is far from the only way in which we are losing control . Under two successive administrations , new laws , policies and corporate practices have made it much easier for government agencies to track and access citizens ' private digital communications from their storage "  in the cloud " than it is for agents to search or monitor our physical homes , offices , vehicles , and mail . The erosion of privacy rights under the Fourth Amendment , written to protect us against unreasonable search and seizure , began in earnest under President George W. Bush . The Patriot Act , passed overwhelmingly but hastily after 9/11 , allows the FBI to obtain telecommunication , financial , and credit records without a court order . Moreover , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act 's 2008 amendment act grants U.S. companies immunity from being sued by their customers when they comply even with blatantly illegal government surveillance requests . As a presidential candidate in 2008 , Barack Obama pledged to reform the Patriot Act and rescind the FISA Amendments Act , but as president he reversed his position . The Obama administration has fought bipartisan efforts in Congress to bring the change he once championed . The result is the "  new normal " : surveillance , often of questionable legality and sometimes clear illegality , against which Americans have little effective recourse , on the rare occasions that we even know that violations are taking place . Most of what we do know is thanks to whistle-blowers , activists , academics and a few committed journalists . In 2004 , Mark Klein , a technician who had just retired from AT&T , disclosed that in 2003 the National Security Agency built a secret room at the San Francisco facility where he worked , routing all e-mail and phone traffic through it . Another whistle-blower , Justice Department attorney Thomas Tamm , confirmed that similar interception points were set up around the country to gather and analyze the e-mails and phone calls of Americans who were not suspected of any crime . While the federal government is required by law to document publicly its wiretapping of phone lines , it is not required to do so with Internet communications . Over 50,000 National Security Letters , a kind of administrative demand letter requiring no probable cause or judicial oversight , are issued each year . Yet we know few details . Companies complying with these secret letters were barred from even informing customers about them until 2009 when Nick Merrill , an entrepreneur who ran a small New York-based Internet service company , successfully enlisted the help of the ACLU in challenging a blanket gag provision of the Patriot Act . Last year , the Electronic Frontier Foundation published a report analyzing the FBI 's use of National Security Letters from 2001 to 2008 , concluding that the FBI might have violated the law as many as 40,000 times during that period . In many cases the companies involved -- including phone companies , Internet service providers , financial institutions , and credit agencies -- "  contributed in some way to the FBI 's unauthorized receipt of personal information . " In the Internet age , it is inevitable that corporations and government agencies will have access to detailed information about people 's lives . We willingly share personal information with companies for the convenience of using their products . We accept that a certain amount of surveillance is necessary in order to protect innocent people from crime and terror . But as a nation we have failed to address the resulting dilemma : How do we prevent the abuse of the power we have willingly delegated to government and companies ? If anything is clear from the political arguments raging throughout the country , it is that Americans worry , with good reason , about manipulation and abuse by both the private and the public sector . The Republican primary field is not unified on how to handle surveillance : Romney and Gingrich advocate expanding the Patriot Act 's surveillance powers . Ron Paul would repeal it . In Congress , debates about surveillance cross party lines . The Patriot Act and FISA Amendments Act have staunch supporters as well as fierce opponents among Republicans , Democrats , and independents . The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act of 2011 , which exempts companies from liability for sharing data with the government , is one of several bills introduced in Congress last year that civil liberties groups -- and in this case even the White House -- warn will lead to further erosion of consumer privacy . The advent of the Internet does not change a bedrock truth upon which our nation was founded : The survival of American democracy depends as much on the defense of liberty as it does on the defense of our physical security . Those two ideals always have been and always will be in tension ; but without a healthy balance between them -- online as well as offline -- we can not live free of fear . Fortunately , the Supreme Court takes our Fourth Amendment rights seriously -- even when the executive and legislative branches of our government fail to do so -- as demonstrated by Monday 's unanimous ruling that these rights were violated when police secretly planted GPS devices on a suspect 's vehicle without a court order . Rather than waiting for the Supreme Court to reverse bad law and unconstitutional law enforcement , however , Americans can exercise their power through the ballot box to prevent violations from happening in the first place . In 2012 , the American people rightly expect presidential and congressional candidates to explain how they plan to protect us from crime and terror . In the Internet age , that inevitably requires some degree of surveillance . Yet it is equally vital we demand a clear vision of how they will protect us from abuses of government surveillance power through the corporate-run digital platforms upon which we are increasingly dependent . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook .	Rebecca MacKinnon : Government 's surveillance powers have expanded She says government and companies can spy on our digital communications FBI can get records without court orders , she writes ; companies ca n't be sued We need to protect our security , she says , but also defend our privacy rights
CNN  -- Seventy eight years after Gene Sarazen 's albatross at The Masters became golf 's "  shot heard around the world " football has its own version , except there was no glory in Eden Hazard 's kick heard all over the globe . And it has left another dent in the sport 's battered image . When Sarazen holed his second shot , over water at the par-five 15th , it helped him win the Augusta title and launch the tournament 's global appeal . In 1935 , the news of Sarazen 's achievement would have traveled far slower than the seconds it took Hazard 's moment of madness to become a social media talking point across the planet . Chelsea were trailing in their League Cup , generally regarded as the third competition in English soccer , semifinal second leg in Swansea , with less than 15 minutes remaining . The ball went out of play and , when a ball boy took his time retrieving it , Hazard went to fetch it himself . When the boy fell on the ball , the player tried to kick it out from under him and was sent off for violent conduct . More astonishing than the incident itself was the debate about whether or not Hazard had done anything wrong . Many people tried to defend the Belgian international . Let 's quickly put that to bed . The 17-year-old ball boy was a child , a volunteer helping out at a professional football match , and he was kicked by an adult player . Hazard was wrong . Now , that 's not the same as saying there were no mitigating circumstances because there were . The ball boy later admitted he was wasting time and that was clear to see at the time . Hazard was anxious to resume play with Chelsea 's place in the competition under threat . He aimed his kick at the ball not the person . The teenager is n't a young child and was n't badly injured . Those are the only reasons why Hazard is n't facing the same nine-month ban given to Manchester United icon Eric Cantona who famously launched himself at an abusive fan with a kung fu-style kick in 1995 . Cantona 's assault was deliberate and intended to harm whereas Hazard was merely trying to get the ball back . However , Cantona attacked another adult and after severe provocation . Hazard 's impatience led to him kicking a minor and if the child had been seriously hurt the police would be investigating . Chelsea inflamed the situation when the club 's official Twitter account immediately defended the player , asking "  Has football gone mad ? " before later removing the tweet and apologizing . Well , maybe it has but only because mega rich clubs seem to have lost touch with reality and give the impression they do n't need to follow the rules of common decency that the rest of us try to live by . What is a shame for the London team is that any adulation and respect which stemmed from their fairy tale European Champions League triumph last season has disappeared because of the defensive way they have reacted to criticism since then . Chelsea 's handling of the John Terry racism case and the accusations aimed at referee Mark Clattenburg was poor . A possible persecution complex appears to be a culture at the club . The Terry and Clattenburg incidents happened before Rafael Benitez 's arrival and yet the new manager has adopted the same mindset . When a simple apology and show of humility would have killed the controversy , a complaint about a "  Big Brother society " perpetuates the impression that Chelsea will only ever point fingers and never accept blame . In this case , good sense did eventually prevail with reports claiming the boy was taken to Chelsea 's dressing room , warmly greeted and he exchanged apologies with Hazard . South Wales police have confirmed they are not pursuing the matter .	Eden Hazard sent of on Wednesday for kicking a ball boy The Chelsea player was attempting to retrieve the ball from under the ball boy Hazard was given a straight red for the kick during a match with Swansea The Belgian has since apologized privately and publicly
CNN  -- It 's a popular question on social media : Why did n't passengers on board the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 make mobile calls ? Many recall that when United Flight 93 was hijacked on September 11 , 2001 , passengers were able to make two cell phone calls during the flight 's final moments . Several other calls were made using airphones . If metadata was detected from cell phones on Flight 370 , surely it would shed more light on the missing plane 's flight path ? The plane may have been flying too high or too fast to register with cell towers , according to telecoms experts , but careful analysis of the passengers ' cell phone records will need to be completed to be certain . "  So far , we have not had any evidence of any telephone company of any member trying to contact , " said Malaysia Airlines CEO Ahmad Jauhari Yahya at a news conference on Monday . "  But anyway , we are still checking . There are millions of records to process . It is being done as part of the investigation . " Was the plane too high ? According to radar analysis , the plane is believed to have been flying as high as 45,000 feet and as low as 23,000 feet . But even this lower altitude is too high to register with mobile towers , experts say . "  If you look at the data in this case , the altitude at which the planes were traveling is too high , " Vincent Lau , wireless communications specialist and professor at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 's Department of Electronic and Computer Engineering , told CNN . "  Even on the ground it would n't be easy to pick up from that distance , and if you are flying it 's even more difficult because at those angles you are only picking up what we call leakage from the side loops of the antennas , which are substantially weaker than the signals from the main loops of the base stations . " While business class seats on the aircraft are known to have been equipped with phones that worked via satellite , it would be easy to strike down that system from inside the plane , said Lau . Reports on Monday that the plane flew as low as 5,000 feet or less over mountainous terrain -- possibly in order to evade radar detection -- have n't been confirmed . "  In terms of the altitude it would have to be no higher than around 10,000 feet . Anything higher ... would be problematic , " according to Bill Rojas , director of telecom research at IDC Asia Pacific . Unlike in urban areas , where cell phone antennae are typically pointed down toward the ground , cell towers in rural areas are up to 30-45 meters high and are often pointed at an angle meant to cover wider distances . So if you 're up in the sky , you can receive the signal as well , Rojas said . "  If the airplane were flying over northern Malaysia or southern Thailand -- basically the rural area -- then it 's very possible that a cell tower could register the signal from the phones , assuming they were on , " said Rojas . "  Technically it is possible . " How do passenger jets change flight paths ? Retrieving the data If smartphones had been on and registered with a cell tower , the records would be relatively easy to retrieve . "  The registrations would typically be logged and depending on the operator they will be kept for hours , days or months , " said Rojas . The telecom expert said that he 'd place particular focus on the phone numbers of passengers from Thailand or Malaysia . "  I would assume that the authorities are checking with the mobile operators by comparing known passenger cell numbers to see if there were any pings or attempted or successful network registrations in northern Malaysia or southern Thailand or possibly even Indonesia , " said Rojas . "  Any passenger who had roaming capabilities or a local Malaysian number -- if the plane were over Malaysia -- could in theory have been registered on the network if their phone was on . "  If a passenger does not have international roaming then their access would be rejected by the network and for a period of time that metadata might be stored by the network . " If the metadata records were erased automatically after a few days or a few hours , could they be retrieved ? "  Each mobile operator will have its own guidelines for the duration of metadata storage and would not normally be made public for obvious national security and law enforcement reasons . " Rojas said as far as speed was concerned , the aircraft would need to have been flying at speeds below 250 kilometers per hour  155 mph  in order for passengers to make or receive calls . Passengers on high-speed trains in Japan and other countries can make calls via 3G networks at speeds of up to 240 kilometers per hour , but cell towers are n't able to register a signal beyond those speeds , Rojas said . Experts answer # 370Qs tweets about missing Malaysian flight How do ocean recoveries work ? Astronaut : New satellites could track missing planes	Malaysia Airlines says there 's no evidence of phone contact from Flight 370 Telecom experts say plane may have been flying too high or fast for passengers to make calls "  Technically it is possible " that cell towers in Malaysia or Thailand could have registered a signal from phones
New York  CNN  -- Popular science-fiction author Harry Harrison , whose book "  Make Room ! Make Room ! " was the basis for the 1973 film "  Soylent Green , " about a futuristic society and its fictional food , has died , his publisher said Wednesday . He was 87 . Born in 1925 in Stamford , Connecticut , Harrison was best known for his 12 novels about the futuristic character "  Slippery Jim " DeGriz , also known as the Stainless Steel Rat . Harrison also was the main writer for the "  Flash Gordon " comic strip during the 1950s and '60s , according to his publisher , Tor Books . Harrison started his career as an illustrator before switching to writing . He is a member of the Science Fiction Hall of Fame . "  He believed science fiction was important , that it caused people to think about our world and what it could become , " Tor Books ' publisher Tom Doherty wrote in a blog post . On learning of his death , fiction author Harlan Ellison said , "  It 's a day without stars in it . " Ellison , who says he knew Harrison since 1952 , said the author was one of the funniest guys who ever lived . "  Harry was one of those who you thought would go on forever like a wind-up toy , " Ellison told CNN . Harrison 's death comes after notable science fiction author Ray Bradbury passed away in June . Tributes to Harrison poured in on Twitter after his death was announced . "  Thank you for sharing your mind , kind sir ! " wrote @hijadecano on Twitter . "  Heaven has to make room , make room for Harry Harrison , " wrote @petdance . Tor Books will be publishing Harrison 's memoir in December , according to a spokesperson for the publisher .	Harrison 's book "  Make Room ! Make Room ! " inspired the movie He authored 12 novels about the "  Stainless Steel Rat " He started as an illustrator and wrote for "  Flash Gordon "
CNN  -- Serbia 's president apologized Thursday for the 1995 massacre of 8,000 Muslims in the Bosnian town of Srebrenica , but declined to characterize the killings as an act of genocide . "  I kneel and ask for forgiveness , " President Tomislav Nikolic told Bosnian TV . "  I apologize for the crimes committed by any person in the name of Serbia . " Nikolic came under fire last year short after he was elected by declaring , according to published reports , there was no "  genocide " in Srebrenica . He has since been urged by Bosnian leaders to acknowledge the killings , which the prosecutors at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia have described as a systematic extermination . Over a period of five days in July 1995 , the Bosnian Serb army conducted a brutal takeover of the town . About 8,000 men and boys were rounded up and killed , with many buried in mass graves . At the time of the massacre , Srebrenica had been designated a U.N. "  safe area " for people , predominantly Bosnian Muslims , trying to escape the advancing Bosnian Serb army . The people of Srebrenica , which sits a short distance from the Serbian border , were protected by just 100 lightly equipped Dutch peacekeepers . Without reinforcements , the Dutch were forced to stand aside while Serb troops took the town . Then-Bosnian Serb commander-in-chief Gen. Ratko Mladic -- now on trial on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity -- allegedly told one woman everyone taken out of Srebrenica would be reunited with their loved ones , according to Serbian TV footage previously shown in court . Truckloads of men and boys were taken from Srebrenica to execution sites where they were bound , blindfolded , and shot with automatic rifles , prosecutors contend . In the aftermath of the massacre , the United Nations gave NATO the authority to launch large-scale airstrikes against Serb targets , a move that eventually forced the Serbs to the negotiating table . Journalist Matthew Day contributed to this report .	President Tomislav Nikolic apologized on Bosnian TV "  I kneel and ask for forgiveness , " he said About 8,000 Muslims , mostly boys and men , were killed in Srebrenica The killings occurred over a period of five days in July 1995
CNN  -- A popular female Pakistani singer who defied the Taliban 's decree against singing and dancing was shot and killed in northwest Pakistan Monday night , police and hospital officials told CNN . Authorities described the singer 's ex-husband as a suspect in the case , and said early indications were that the Taliban were not involved , according to police official Imtiaz Altaf . Ghazala Javed , who recorded scores of songs in her native Pashto language and became a household name among young , progressive ethnic Pashtuns in northwest Pakistan , had just left a beauty salon and was driving home with her father when gunmen on a motorcycle raced towards their car and sprayed it with bullets , Altaf said . Javed was hit with six bullets and pronounced dead at a hospital in Peshawar , the capital of Pakistan 's Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province , according to hospital official Rahim Afridi . Javed 's father also was killed , police said . In recent years the rise of the Pakistani Taliban in the region and the group 's ban against singing and dancing made it difficult for Javed and other musical artists to perform and record songs in Pakistan . Javed recorded and taped many of her latest songs and music videos in nearby Dubai . Last year Javed made headlines when she asked for a divorce from her husband after she reportedly found out that he had at least one other wife . It was a rare decision in a deeply conservative and male-dominated society where many view a woman 's demand for a divorce as a dishonor to the husband . Shortly after Monday night 's shooting police released a statement saying Javed 's sister had accused her ex-husband and two of his acquaintances Investigators said a search was underway for the three men . The woman who defied Saudi 's driving ban and put it on YouTube Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	Ghazala Javed recorded scores of songs in her native Pashto language She became a household name among young , progressive ethnic Pashtuns She had just left a beauty salon and was headed home with her father Gunmen on a motorcycle sprayed their car with bullets and both were killed , police said
Overland Park , Kansas  CNN  -- The man accused of killing three people at two Jewish-affiliated facilities in Kansas made no secret of his racist views , writing letters to newspapers and inviting people to white-supremacist meetings at his home , say those who knew him . So when news broke that Frazier Glenn Cross had been charged with one count of capital murder and one count of first-degree premeditated murder in connection with the killings , it did n't come as a surprise to the mayor of Marionville , Missouri . "  It was kind of shocking at first . But then reading the article and thinking about it , I thought ` yeah that sounds like something he would do , ' " said Dan Clevenger , who has known Cross for 12 years , describing him as a client at his business where he services law mowers and other small engines . Cross is accused of shooting to death a boy and his grandfather outside a Jewish community center near Kansas City , Kansas , on Sunday and then a woman at a nearby Jewish assisted living facility . The capital murder count is connected to the deaths of William Lewis Corporon and Reat Griffin Underwood , said Steve Howe , district attorney for Johnson County . The premeditated murder count is linked to the death of Terri LaManno , he said . Hate crime charges are possible , as police investigators say they have "  unquestionably determined " that Cross ' actions were a hate crime , Overland Park Police Chief John Douglass said . Cross appeared in court Tuesday in a wheelchair , wearing an anti-suicide smock . He said only that he could n't afford an attorney . He is being held on $ 10 million bond , and he was ordered to return to court on April 24 . U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom said that federal prosecutors are still collecting evidence and that federal charges could come later . Legal experts say hate crime charges are possible , even though the victims were Christian . The capital murder charge carries the possibility of a life sentence or the death penalty . No decision on whether to seek the death penalty for Cross has been made yet , Howe said . Former KKK leader Cross , 73 , is the founder and former leader of the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and the White Patriot Party , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center , which monitors hate groups . Both organizations operated as paramilitary groups in the 1980s , according to the SPLC . The accused killer 's neo-pagan religion In Cross ' anti-Semitic and white-supremacist activities , he has also used the name Frazier Glenn Miller , the SPLC said . After he was apprehended at a nearby elementary school , Cross sat in the back of a patrol car and shouted "  Heil Hitler ! " video from CNN affiliate KMBC shows . He obtained firearms from a "  straw buyer , " a middleman with a clean record who could buy weapons legally and then sell or give them to Cross , allowing Cross to avoid federal background checks , a U.S. law enforcement official said . He had three guns when he was arrested Sunday , authorities said . The shootings took place at the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City and the Village Shalom Retirement Community in Overland Park a day before the start of Passover , a major Jewish holiday . The police chief said the gunman shot at five people , none of whom he is believed to have known . There were no other injuries , authorities said . Police were investigating statements Cross made after his arrest but declined to provide additional details , Douglass said . The Anti-Defamation League said it warned last week of the increased possibility of violent attacks against community centers in the coming weeks , "  which coincide both with the Passover holiday and Hitler 's birthday on April 20 , a day around which in the United States has historically been marked by extremist acts of violence and terrorism . " On Monday , the ADL reissued a security bulletin to synagogues and Jewish communal institutions across the country , urging them to review their security plans for the Passover holiday , which began at sundown Monday . ` That idiot ... knocked a family to its knees ' The shooting began just after 1 p.m. Sunday in the Jewish community center 's parking lot . Inside , the center was a hive of activity . A performance of "  To Kill a Mockingbird " was about to begin , and auditions were under way for "  KC Superstar , " an "  American Idol " - style contest for the best high school singer in the Kansas City area . Outside , the gunman opened fire . Police said he was armed with a shotgun and may have been carrying other weapons . Reat , 14 , was there to audition for the singing competition . His grandfather , Corporon , was driving him . The bullets struck them in their car . Both died . "  That idiot absolutely knocked a family to its knees for no reason , " Reat 's uncle and William 's son , Will Corporon , said at a news conference Monday afternoon . Grandfather and grandson were Methodists , their pastor , the Rev. Adam Hamilton , told CNN on Monday . Marionville 's mayor said Cross ' alleged actions "  shows that he did n't care . " "  He did n't have much regard for life . He just wanted to make a show , and he did n't care who paid for it , " he told CNN . Clevenger wonders whether Cross , who he says told him he was n't going to live much longer , wanted to "  go out , make the big show . " A woman caring for her mother The gunman then drove to the retirement home , where he shot the third victim in the parking lot . Authorities identified her as LaManno , who was visiting her mother as she usually did every Sunday at Village Shalom . LaManno 's Catholic church , St. Peter 's Parish , posted a message on its website calling LaManno "  a loving mother and wife , and a gentle and giving woman . " The Children 's Center for the Visually Impaired in Kansas City , where LaManno worked as an occupational therapist , described her as a "  gracious , generous , skilled and deeply caring individual who made a great difference in the lives of so many children and their families . " ' A raging anti-Semite ' Cross is a "  raging anti-Semite " who has posted extensively in online forums that advocate exterminating Jews , the Southern Poverty Law Center said . He has called Jews "  swarthy , hairy , bow-legged , beady-eyed , parasitic midgets . " According to the SPLC , Cross founded and ran the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1980s . He was forced to shut down after the SPLC sued him for operating an illegal paramilitary organization and intimidating African-Americans . He then formed another group , the White Patriot Party . In the late 1980s , Cross spent three years in prison on weapons charges and for plotting the assassination of SPLC founder Morris Dees . The short sentence was a result of a plea bargain he struck with federal prosecutors . In exchange , he testified against 14 white supremacists in a sedition trial in Arkansas in 1988 . "  He was reviled in white supremacist circles as a ` race traitor , ' and , for a while , kept a low profile , " according to an SPLC profile of him . "  Now he 's making a comeback with The Aryan Alternative , a racist tabloid he 's been printing since 2005 . " CNN 's George Howell , Matthew Stucker , Nick Valencia , Janet DiGiacomo , Evan Perez , Shimon Prokupecz and Don Lemon contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Yeah , that sounds like something he would do , " mayor says after learning of killings Frazier Glenn Cross is charged with capital murder and premeditated murder No decision on whether to seek the death penalty for Cross has been made yet , official says Cross is accused of killing three people at two Jewish-affiliated facilities
Washington  CNN  -- An undercover investigation by the Federal Trade Commission found funeral homes nationwide deceived customers into making purchases they were n't required to make and failed to give up-front pricing to customers . Undercover FTC agents posing as customers found "  significant violations " in 23 of the 102 funeral homes investigated , according to the FTC . Operators violated key provisions of the "  Funeral Rule , " a 1984 regulation the FTC put in place to prevent funeral home operators from forcing customers to buy caskets or any other item as a condition of paying for a funeral . Another provision of the rule requires funeral homes to provide an itemized price list during the first in-person funeral arrangement meeting . Nationally , Richmond and Fredericksburg , Virginia had the highest number of funeral homes found with significant violations , according to the FTC 's report . Eight of the 19 funeral homes investigated in the two cities committed significant violations . Columbia , South Carolina , was next with five significant violations out of 10 funeral homes inspected . Thirty-three funeral homes had what the FTC called minor compliance issues . In those cases , the FTC contacted the funeral homes and required proof they were addressing violations . The FTC gives funeral homes an opportunity to right their wrongs before they 're hauled into court . A three-year program run by the National Funeral Directors Association gives participants extra training and additional compliance monitoring . Funeral homes that participate are allowed to make a payment to the U.S. Treasury in place of a civil penalty . Civil penalties can be up to $ 16,000 per violation , according to the FTC . Jessica Koth of the National Funeral Directors Association says the "  NFDA takes compliance with the Funeral Rule seriously . " Koth says the organization encourages members to meet all obligations . Since the annual undercover stings began in 1996 , the FTC said investigators have found fewer than 400 funeral homes with significant violations . There are 19,680 funeral homes in the United States , according to the NFDA . FTC inspections during 2011 encountered varying levels of compliance : -- In northwestern Indiana , one of 12 funeral homes inspected had significant violations ; -- In Maui , Hawaii , none of the four funeral homes inspected had significant violations ; -- In the New York City area , as well as parts of Connecticut and New Jersey , one of 22 funeral homes inspected had significant violations ; -- In Cleveland , four of 16 funeral homes inspected had significant violations ; -- In Columbia , South Carolina , five significant violations were found in 10 funeral homes inspected ; -- In Austin , Texas , four of 19 funeral homes inspected had significant violations ; -- In Richmond and Fredericksburg , Virginia , eight of 19 funeral homes inspected had significant violations .	` Significant violations ' found in 23 of 102 funeral homes investigated Some forced customers into buying caskets as a condition of paying for a funeral Richmond and Fredericksburg , Virginia , had the highest number of offenders Five of 10 funeral homes in Columbia , South Carolina , had significant violations
CNN  -- What has Jay Leno done lately for NBC in late night ? Well , even the network 's official Wednesday announcement of his ouster  in spring 2014  acknowledges that "  The Tonight Show " under Leno 's reign continues to rank No. 1 in both total viewers and advertiser-prized 18-to-49-year-olds . That 's against ABC 's recently relocated "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " as well as CBS ' longstanding "  Late Show with David Letterman , " according to Nielsen Media Research . Nonetheless , NBC will be pushing him out for a second time , with "  Late Night " host Jimmy Fallon taking over "  in conjunction " with the network 's coverage of next year 's Winter Olympic Games from Sochi , Russia  scheduled to run from February 7-23  . NBC Universal CEO Steve Burke says in a statement that "  we are purposefully making this change when Jay is No. 1 , just as Jay replaced Johnny Carson  in 1992  when he was No. 1 . Jimmy Fallon is a unique talent and this is his time . " Carson retired under his own power , though , surprising NBC in the process . Leno is unwillingly walking the plank , as he 's made clear in recent monologues with barbed jokes at NBC 's expense . But if this indeed is Fallon 's time , it may be in large part because we live in very different times . The Internet-driven "  social media " did n't exist during Carson 's storied 30-year reign . He simply had to deliver a conventional TV audience . He did so year after year against a variety of competitors in a much less crowded late-night field . Fallon averages 1.7 million viewers compared to 3.5 million viewers for Leno , according to the NBC release . He also draws fewer 18-to-49-year-olds , although a later time slot certainly is a factor in both cases . But Fallon , as well as Kimmel and TBS ' late night standard-bearer , Conan O'Brien , all excel in a social media arena that remains of little if any interest to either Leno or Letterman . Networks increasingly see this as a key ingredient in times when conventional TV ratings continue to sag amid myriad channel choices . Let 's look at their respective number of Twitter followers . As of this writing , Fallon 's personal page has 8.33 million and O'Brien is right behind with 8.09 million . Kimmel weighs in with 2.42 million followers , meaning he still has some work to do on this front . But Leno , via the official Tonight Show site , has just 525,000 followers . And Letterman 's Late Show page has 234,000 followers . The host does n't have a personal Twitter page , although some are tweeting in his name and using his picture , according to a Late Show representative . Fallon and Kimmel also boast a number of "  viral videos " with star supporting players ranging from first lady Michelle Obama to actor Ben Affleck . Fallon 's recent "  Evolution of Mom Dancing " performance with Obama became an immediate YouTube sensation that to date has more than 15 million views . In announcing Fallon 's promotion , NBC noted that his show "  has continued to garner attention for its viral videos , " with the host also winning an Emmy in the "  Interactive Media Category " after being named 2009 's "  Webby Person of the Year . " This week 's TBS press release on extending "  Conan " through November 2015 touches only briefly on O'Brien 's conventional Nielsen ratings performance among young adults . But the network says a mouthful about his social media prowess . It bears repeating because it 's so illustrative of the value networks place on out-of-the-box moxie . O'Brien 's show "  leads the late-night crowd when it comes to online activity and engagement , " says TBS , "  with the show and its host drawing more than 8.3 million followers on Twitter , 2 million fans on Facebook , 2 million unique users each month on TeamCoco.com and 15 million video views each month on TeamCoco.com and YouTube . " Not only that , but the Team Coco app won the 2012 Emmy for "  Outstanding Creative Achievement in Interactive Media Enhancement . " The great unknown , at least from a financial standpoint , is whether all these accolades and millions of off-network fans will lead to appreciable sums of money in the bank . We 'll likely never know with Leno and Letterman , though . Their skill sets basically begin and end with putting on a show each night . In the now vast multimedia universe , that may be akin to sending a message via telegraph instead of e-mail . After all , these really are n't just the late-night wars anymore . They 're the anytime , anywhere wars , with Fallon , Kimmel and O'Brien arming themselves to the hilt . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Bark .	Ed Bark : Jay Leno still No. 1 in late night for NBC , but network replacing him with Jimmy Fallon He says NBC says it 's Fallon 's time , and that may have much to do with social media He says Fallon , O'Brien can deliver Twitter , other followers that Leno , Letterman ca n't Bark : Network making it clear that 's important . But can it turn social media sway into money ?
CNN  -- For CNN , Tiananmen Square was a watershed story -- a seminal moment in the network 's history . Beijing bureau chief Mike Chinoy , producer Nancy Lane and Moscow bureau chief Steve Hurst Only nine years old in 1989 , CNN was the only 24-hour news station on the air at the time . But staffers say the network suffered an inferiority complex when comparing itself to the major players in American television , who had dismissed the new upstart for years as "  Chicken Noodle News . " Enter Tiananmen Square . Change the face of television news . Take your place in the big leagues . "  It put CNN on the map , " said Mike Chinoy , CNN 's Beijing bureau chief during the crisis . "  It was the first time an upheaval in a previously isolated , distant , inaccessible location suddenly was available on television sets in living rooms and foreign ministries around the world . It was a pivotal moment for television . " And it was an accident too . Foreign reporters had flooded Beijing to cover the historic visit of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev . Suddenly , they found themselves covering a very different story . For CNN , it all started in early April when Alec Miran , CNN 's special events producer for the Gorbachev visit , went to Beijing to propose an "  outlandish idea " to the Chinese authorities -- bringing in the network 's own transmission equipment to beam live television pictures from China . "  It was unprecedented , " said Miran . Before that , networks would feed their material from CCTV  Chinese Central Television  , who would monitor -- and censor -- everything that was sent out . "  Our own transmission was a scary idea to them , " said Miran . But he says he thinks the Chinese eventually agreed -- after much back and forth -- because , above all , they wanted international coverage of Gorbachev 's visit . The Chinese gave CNN permission to bring in their own "  flyaway " satellite dish and additional microwave gear to be able to transmit live -- a permission unheard of at the time in closed , Communist China . CNN was granted exactly one week 's permission , timed to coincide with the Soviet leader 's visit . See photos of the CNN team in Tiananmen Square in 1989 " CBS was also granted permission to transmit live , but because CNN was on the air 24 hours a day , the permission it was granted turned out to be much more significant . "  On the first day of the Gorbachev visit , we not only had our own satellite transmission , we also had a live camera overlooking the square , " said Miran . "  We were really well set up . " But the situation was deteriorating rapidly for the Chinese leadership . Huge groups of students demanding reform had occupied Tiananmen Square and had launched a hunger strike just days before the Soviet leader 's visit was about to begin . CNN 's live camera , at the Gate of Heavenly Peace overlooking the square , showed the hundreds of thousands of demonstrators who had gathered in Tiananmen Square where Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping was due to greet Gorbachev at the Great Hall of the People . "  On the day of the big meeting , we waited , and waited , and waited , watching the signal from CCTV , " said Miran . "  No picture . We called our contact at CCTV to see if there were technical problems . Nope . " "  They could n't take Gorbachev in the front door of the Great Hall of the People because there were more than a million people in the square asking for reform , " said Cynde Strand , CNN 's cameraperson in Beijing at the time . "  The students upstaged Deng in one of his biggest moments , his big rapprochement with the Soviet Union . " And the massive crowd -- as well as the non-appearance of Deng welcoming Gorbachev at the Great Hall of the People -- was all captured live on CNN . Soon afterwards , the Chinese informed CNN they could no longer maintain their live position overlooking the square , a position that had become vital for the network 's coverage . Entire shows anchored by Bernard Shaw had been taped there . Miran and Chinoy huddled and decided that although the Chinese had forbidden further transmission from the Gate of Heavenly Peace , the network still had permission to use its portable microwave transmitter . So for the next few days -- always looking nervously over their shoulder -- CNN continued live transmissions using their microwave transmitter , both from their bureau at the Sheraton hotel -- but also from the middle of Tiananmen Square . "  Everywhere you looked , there was a great picture , " said Miran . "  Soldiers would be on the steps of the Great Hall of the People and students would go up to them , offering flowers or to read to them . There were long staring contests between the armed soldiers and the students . It was riveting television . " On the night of May 19 , after the network had gotten word that troops were moving towards Beijing , Shaw and Moscow correspondent Steve Hurst broadcast from Tiananmen Square for several hours -- in the dark . The students in the square were edgy and had asked them to turn off their lights . "  I do n't remember what we were able to show people that night , " Miran said , "  little flickers of light . " The next morning , Chinese authorities arrived at CNN 's bureau and ordered the network to cease transmitting -- before its week-long permission had expired . Watch a Chinese official order CNN staff in Beijing to stop broadcasting " Again , the entire exchange between CNN and the Chinese officials was captured on live television . Watch the moment when CNN stopped transmitting " "  You get almost numb to it now , " said Vito Maggiolo , CNN assignment editor on duty in Beijing at the time . "  But that live capability -- people watching events as they happen -- was truly special at that time . " "  It was our first big live moment , " said camerawoman Strand , now director of coverage for international news in Atlanta . "  And it became our signature , what we did very well . " At one point in the live stand-off , while CNN tried to buy time before pulling the plug on itself , Marin gave out his telephone number for the Chinese authorities to call him -- an attempt to squeak out just a few more minutes of air time . The phone rang . It was a woman from Minnesota , a viewer who had been watching the events unfold in China from the comfort -- and safety -- of her living room . "  You 're doing a great job ' she said to me , " Miran recalled . "  Everybody 's watching . And we 're rooting for you . " "  It was all just momentous , " Miran said . "  I felt like we had actually made a difference . And if people had n't heard of CNN before , they had certainly heard of it then . " Daniela Deane was a chief sub-editor at the Reuters news agency in Hong Kong during the Tiananmen crisis	The story "  put CNN on the map , " said former Beijing bureau chief Mike Chinoy Reporters had flooded Beijing to cover the visit of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev For the first time , a TV network beamed its own live pictures from China As protests grew , Chinese authorities ordered CNN to stop transmitting
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Pope John Paul II was a step closer to sainthood Saturday after Pope Benedict XVI signed a decree recognizing the late pontiff 's "  heroic virtues " and declaring him "  venerable , " the Vatican said . A miracle attributed to Pope John Paul 's intervention will have to be verified for him to be declared "  blessed , " or beatified . A second miracle would have to be confirmed for him to then be officially canonized , or made a saint . It 's too early to say how long that process may take , said Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi . "  It is recognized that he led a Christian life in a heroic and extraordinary manner , " Lombardi told CNN . "  This is a fundamental step in the road toward sainthood . Now comes the examination of a miracle , which is the proof of the divine interceding power of John Paul II on behalf of God . " John Paul II died on April 2 , 2005 , at the age of 84 . Several months after his death , his successor said he had dispensed with rules that normally impose a five-year waiting period before beatification . The rule is intended to allow time for evidence and witnesses supporting the sainthood cause to be prepared , as well as to wait for emotions to dissipate after death . But John Paul himself set a precedent in 1999 when he granted a dispensation and let Mother Teresa 's sainthood cause begin only two years after her death . "  It 's a joy , I think , for the Catholic church because Pope John Paul II is very admired and loved by so many people , not only in the church but also in the world , " Lombardi told CNN . "  It is good news for us all . " Pope Benedict signed another decree Saturday declaring Pope Pius XII , who died in 1958 , venerable , the Vatican said . "  The cause for sainthood for Pius XII was introduced a long time ago , " Lombardi said . "  Today 's decree is not a historical judgment on Pius XII or on his papacy . It is a judgment that the church gives on Pius XII 's personal sanctity , on his Christian life achievements . The congregation and the pope have no doubts that Pius XII led a Christian life in an extraordinary and heroic way . " CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Pope John Paul II closer to sainthood after Pope Benedict XVI signs decree recognizing late pontiff 's "  heroic virtues " Two confirmed miracles must be attributed to John Paul before he becomes saint Usually , process begins five years after death , Benedict OKs early start for John Paul
Human remains found in two plastic bags near a beach in southwestern Mexico have been identified as those of Harry Devert , a New Yorker who left his job as a trader in finance for a transcontinental motorcycle journey from the United States to Latin America , Mexican authorities said . Devert , 32 , vanished six months ago after sending his girlfriend an ominous text message from a troubled region in Mexico , describing how he was being escorted from "  an area too dangerous for me to be . " Mexican authorities , acting on tips , last week located his green Kawasaki motorcycle in a shallow grave in the state of Guerrero , along with the badly decomposed remains of a man in two bags . On Thursday , DNA tests confirmed the remains were those of Devert , a representative of the Guerrero state attorney general 's office not authorized to speak to the media told CNN . The investigation was turned over to federal prosecutor because of the nature of the crime and the fact that it involved an American tourist , he said . Mother has been looking for information Devert 's mother , Ann , traveled to Mexico last weekend after identifying the vehicle identification number on the motorcycle found in the shallow grave . A day earlier she provided a DNA sample to police in New York to match against the remains , said Darren Del Sardo , an attorney for Devert 's mother . Del Sardo said Mexican authorities informed Ann Devert of the findings late Thursday . She is considering having a private lab conduct DNA tests , he said . "  This is horrible , " he said . "  The major component now is to try to find out who is responsible for this and hope that the Mexican authorities bring them to justice as soon as possible . " The discovery of the remains and the motorcycle was made nearly 300 miles southwest of where Devert was last heard from in January . Del Sardo said Ann Devert spent time in Mexico after her son 's disappearance , meeting local authorities and residents in the western Mexican state of Michoacan in an attempt to find him . There was hope with unconfirmed tips that he was being held at a ranch . Last week , she learned of the remains and the bike in the shallow grave . Mexican authorities said the motorcycle was found along a road leading to La Majahua beach in Guerrero . The statement said "  10 packages of what appeared to be narcotics  marijuana and cocaine  " were found near the motorbike and body . Del Sardo said Ann Devert was told that the remains may have been moved to the shallow grave . Devert , 32 , had not been in touch with his mother or girlfriend in New York since January 25 . That day he sent girlfriend Sarah Ashley Schiear a text message via the WhatsApp messenger app . "  Just got an hour and a half long escort out of some area it was too dangerous for me to be , " the message said . "  Stopping for lunch and ... voila Internet . ... Gon na get back on the road soon . Apparently there 's another military escort waiting for me in some other town ... I 'm running way late because of the crazy military stuff ... hopefully get a chance to talk to you tonight when I  hopefully  finally arrive . " He had checked out of a bed and breakfast in Michoacan and planned to travel to a beach in Zihuatanejo , on the Pacific Ocean , that was in the final scene of the film "  The Shawshank Redemption , " according to friends and family . Friends had hoped Harry Devert would surface Ann Devert last heard from her son January 23 . The phone connection was poor . He told her he 'd be out of cell phone and Internet range for a few days . She told CNN earlier this year that he would call every January 29 , his late father 's birthday , "  and when he did n't , I felt a misgiving but I thought maybe it would take a couple of days , " she said . "  He did n't call . " Then , Ann Devert heard from a friend who recently returned from Michoacan , where vigilante self-defense groups in numerous communities have engaged in deadly confrontations with the Knights Templar drug cartel . After vigilantes threatened to descend on a key cartel area last month , the Mexican government sent in thousands of troops and police to try to keep the peace . The government has even joined forces with the vigilantes as the Knights Templar become further entrenched in the agricultural state . Ann Devert had been in touch with both the American and French embassies in Mexico . Her son , born in France , has dual citizenship . Devert 's friends and family were hopeful that his disappearance was only temporary , another story to recount from his wild travels around the world -- from Pamplona , Spain , to Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , and beyond . "  I 've been chased with a gun in Colombia , chipped my tooth on a gun that was shoved in my mouth in Venezuela and shot everything from a bazooka to a machine gun , an M16 to a Colt .45 , " Devert wrote in his travel blog , A New Yorker Travels . "  I 've been in some of the poorest and some of the most dangerous parts of the world and to many of the finest , and I still ca n't tell which I liked more . I think that life is a pilgrimage . " In an October 19 post , Devert described his latest journey on a type of vehicle he had no experience using . "  I 've never ridden a motorcycle , " he wrote . "  Mostly , naturally , because I do n't know how . So tomorrow I 'm going to go to the DMV , get my motorcycle permit , buy a bike and hopefully figure out how to ride it home without crashing . Which I 'm sure will be an adventure in itself . " He added , "  Then in the next 2 or 3 weeks I 'm going to drive it across America , through Central America , down to Brazil for the World Cup , and eventually south to Ushuaia , which as far as I can tell from a map is about as far south as one can get on the continent . " He purchased a green 2002 Kawasaki . Ann Devert said her son took a safety course and spent hours studying YouTube videos on how to survive falls from bikes . But the fact that he had never driven a motorcycle concerned her , she said . He promised not to travel faster than 55 mph , yet he took a nasty spill while speeding in Florida , Ann Devert said . He emerged unscathed . Friends and family created the Help Find Harry page in Facebook , with more than 25,000 likes . ` Strong possibility ' missing world traveler Bearden meant to leave Remains found in desert are California couple missing since 2010 Couple lost on snow-covered road writes goodbye letters Trapped and dying in the desert , man leaves behind love notes	Mexican authorities say remains found in shallow grave are those of missing American Harry Devert was on a motorcycle ride through Mexico Family and friends in New York had not heard from him in months His last message mentions getting an "  escort out of some area "
CNN  -- As the 20th anniversary of the reunification between East and West Germany approaches , the country 's leader says Germany has become "  culturally richer " as a result . "  We 're pleased that the Eastern states have become much stronger , that a lot has been put into action and that Germany has become culturally richer , " German Chancellor Angela Merkel told CNNI 's "  Connect the World " on Monday . "  I think it 's a wonderful story . " The fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 paved the way for reunification a year later with the collapse of Soviet-backed communist governments across Eastern Europe . Germany will officially mark the reunification milestone on Sunday . Merkel , the first former East German to lead the reunified country , praised Germany 's strides toward accepting multiculturalism , despite tense relations with the Muslim community across Europe . "  We 've taken a remarkable step forward here in Germany , " she said . "  Before we spoke of multiculturalism , of parallel societies or even in my own party there were those who spoke about guest workers who would soon leave Germany . We 've all understood now that immigrants are a part of our country . They have to speak our language , they have to receive an education here . " Merkel also expressed optimism for Germany 's economic future . "  It 's not guaranteed that the growth we 're experiencing now will continue over the years , but I think overall we 've acted smartly , G20 worked together well and I 'm definitely optimistic that we can get through it , if we regulate the markets prudently and when we find the correct exit strategy after this expensive stimulus program , " she said . CNN 's Becky Anderson contributed to this report .	The country will mark the 20th anniversary of reunification on Sunday Merkel is the first former East German to lead the reunified country She praises strides made since the West and East merged in 1990
Biejing , China  CNN  -- Floods have killed at least 29 people in northeastern China this week and washed tons of chemical containers into the Songhua River , state media reported Friday . The death toll from the flood waters in Jilin province rose to 27 in Yongji county . Two more people died in neighboring Shuangyang city , according to a statement from Jilin 's civil affairs department , Xinhua news agency reported . The flooding has forced more than 254,000 people from their homes and collapsed about 22,000 buildings , civil affairs said . On Wednesday , the rising water hit a chemical plant in Jilin and 7,000 containers washed into the Songhua River -- 3,000 of which were filled with explosive chemicals , Xinhua said . Emergency teams were mobilized to recover the spilled fluid . Authorities had recovered 1,500 containers by Thursday evening . Jilin is the latest province to be hit by fatal floods that have left 928 people dead and 477 missing nationwide , according to China 's flood control and drought relief headquarters .	The floods in Jilin province kill 29 people Waters wash chemical-filled containers into river More than 900 people killed across China
It 's their fault , President Barack Obama said Monday in blaming Republican inaction on immigration reform for escalating problems including a surge of undocumented children crossing the border from Mexico . At a hastily scheduled Rose Garden appearance , Obama said the top House Republican -- Speaker John Boehner -- told him last week that the chamber 's GOP majority will continue blocking a vote on a Senate-passed immigration bill . In response , Obama said he was starting "  a new effort to fix as much of our immigration system as I can on my own , without Congress . " Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and Attorney General Eric Holder will "  identify additional actions my administration can take within my existing legal authorities , to do what Congress refuses to do and fix as much of our immigration system as we can , " the President said . "  If Congress will not do their job , at least we can do ours , " he said , adding he expected the recommendations by the end of summer and would act on them without delay . "  The failure of House Republicans to pass a darn bill is bad for our security , is bad for our economy , is bad for our future , " Obama said . "  America can not wait forever for them to act . " Vilify Republicans Obama 's statement sought to vilify Republicans for the failure to get congressional approval for immigration reform , an issue important to his base . "  Pass a bill . Solve a problem . Do n't just say no on something that everybody agrees needs to be done , " he said , repeating his contention that a bill would win bipartisan approval if Boehner allowed it to come to a vote in the House . The right fate for immigrant kids Conservative Republicans oppose the Senate plan passed last year with support from both parties support because it includes a pathway to legal status for immigrants living illegally in the United States . They also fear that such a reform measure would bolster already strong Democratic support among Hispanic Americans , the nation 's largest minority . For his part , Boehner said Monday that Republicans do n't trust Obama to enforce laws they might pass . "  Until that changes , it is going to be difficult to make progress on this issue , " he said in a statement after Obama spoke . "  The crisis at our southern border reminds us all of the critical importance of fixing our broken immigration system . " "  Sad and disappointing " He continued , "  It is sad and disappointing that -- faced with this challenge -- President Obama wo n't work with us , but is instead intent on going it alone with executive orders that ca n't and wo n't fix these problems . " Boehner noted that previous executive action by Obama to halt deportations of some undocumented children led to the current border crisis by "  giving false hope to children and their families that if they enter the country illegally they will be allowed to stay . " In his statement , Obama announced he was ordering a shift in security resources to border regions , and he promised the additional action he can take "  without Congress but within his existing authorities to fix as much of our broken immigration system as we can . " The President also sent Congress a letter asking that legislators work with him on providing additional money and leeway to deal with the situation on the southern border . Border influx On Sunday , an administration official told CNN the money -- which could exceed $ 2 billion -- would go to securing appropriate space for the detention of children but also stemming the tide of immigrants . The government hopes to increase its ability to investigate and dismantle smuggling organizations as well as quickly return children and adults to their home countries if they do not qualify for asylum , according to that official . So far , the federal government has struggled to process and accommodate the influx of illegal human traffic but specifically the spike in children . U.S. authorities estimate that between 60,000 to 80,000 children without parents will cross the border this year in what the White House is calling an "  immediate humanitarian crisis . " Earlier in June , the White House announced a plan to spend millions in a government-wide response by sending aide to governments in Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador to help with crime and violence prevention . In mid-June , Vice President Joe Biden also spoke with leaders in the three countries as well as Mexico about working together to promote security . Biden 's objective was to emphasize that adults arriving with their children in the United States do n't meet the requirements for a policy that defers deportation for children brought to the United States before June 15 , 2012 . Obama also spoke with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto about the issue and has warned families who see the dangerous trip as the best option for their children .	President Obama blames GOP inaction for immigration woes Boehner : Obama 's past actions caused border problems Obama to ask Congress for money to deal with children at the southern border The unexpected surge of children and families has created a humanitarian crisis
CNN  -- Zimbabwe will introduce a $ 1 million note this week as the country tries to ease the effects of hyperinflation , the country 's central bank said Monday . A money-changer in Mozambique holds Zimbabwean $ 10 million and $ 50 million bills in May . In August , the highest note in the once prosperous southern African country was Z$ 100 billion . The country chopped off 10 zeroes , meaning the highest note was temporarily -- and briefly -- Z$ 10 , until Zimbabwe started issuing bigger notes again . The current highest denomination bank note is Z$ 50,000 , not enough to buy half a loaf of bread . Zimbabwe 's currency continues to lose value as inflation gallops ahead . The official rate of inflation is 230 million percent , the world 's highest , but independent analysts put the figure in billions . "  In the measures under way , the Reserve Bank -LSB- of Zimbabwe -RSB- plans to introduce a number of new , higher denominations ; review the cash withdrawal limits , as well as commence aggressive campaigns for increased usage of alternative means of payment , " bank governor Gideon Gono said in a statement . Gono said the RBZ intends to introduce Z$ 100,000 , Z$ 500,000 and Z$ 1 million  about U.S. $ 8  bank notes in a bid to help consumers who are battling to make simple purchases and to ease cash shortages that have been prevailing for about two years . President Robert Mugabe 's critics blame his policies for Zimbabwe 's near decade of economic crisis . A power-sharing agreement between Mugabe and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai that was signed in September has been deadlocked over a distribution of cabinet posts . The power-sharing deal is seen as the only hope to reverse the economic crisis . Meanwhile , the fight against a cholera outbreak in the capital city , Harare , seems to be faltering as more deaths are reported . Official statistics say 10 people have died since last week , but doctors say the disease has killed more than 30 . The country is battling to raise foreign currency to import medicine .	Zimbabwe 's inflation rate is officially 230 million percent per year Independent analysts say the rate is really billions of percentage points Country has issued bills as high as Z$ 100 billion in the past Current highest note , $ Z50 ,000 , is not enough to buy half a loaf of bread
CNN  -- Denny 's restaurants served about 2 million free Grand Slam breakfasts during its eight-hour promotional giveaway on Tuesday , the company reported Wednesday . Cooks fill the pass-through window with Grand Slam breakfasts Tuesday at a Denny 's in Emeryville , California . The company used a commercial during the third quarter of Sunday 's Super Bowl to announce it would give away its signature breakfast from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesday , and the response was spectacular . Media outlets across North America reported lines of customers stretching outside and around restaurants and strangers crowding together into booths to take advantage of the special . The restaurant chain 's approximately 1,500 stores served an average of 130 Grand Slams per hour to customers who waited an average of 60 minutes for their free pancakes , eggs , bacon and sausage , the company said . "  We had an extraordinary day , " Denny 's CEO Nelson Marchioli said when the promotion was over . "  We were hoping to reconnect with millions of Americans today , and we did . "  We have received the most heartwarming comments from our servers , our managers and above all our customers . This Free Slam Day has exceeded our expectations in every way . " iReport.com : Miami customers line up for Denny 's meal Denny 's does n't disclose specific cost information , but including the cost of the food , the Super Bowl spot and other production costs , the promotion cost the company roughly $ 5 million , it said . The Grand Slam started as a baseball-related promotion in Atlanta , Georgia , in the mid-1970s and has been served chainwide since 1977 . Its normal price varies by market but averages around $ 5.99 . Denny 's said it sells 12.5 million Grand Slams a year . At the normal average price of $ 5.99 , Denny 's gave away meals Tuesday with a retail value of $ 11.9 million . But the goodwill value could be priceless . iReport.com : Vouchers run out at Georgia Denny 's "  The key is to get the guest to come back , " Troy Morgan , a Denny 's franchisee in Sacramento , California , told CNN affiliate KCRA-TV . "  So , we show them great hospitality and we 're confident we 're going to win guests and get them to return again and again . " A Denny 's competitor , IHOP , is planning its own giveaway . The chain promises to give a short stack of three pancakes to all comers on "  National Pancake Day , " February 24 . IHOP requests a donation to Children 's Miracle Network or other local charities in exchange .	Restaurant chain says it served 2 million free breakfasts in eight hours Each of 1,500 eateries served about 130 Slams per hour , company says Cost of promotion , including Super Bowl ad , was $ 5 million , Denny 's says Competitor IHOP to give away pancakes on February 24
You -- the person now reading this story -- can help experts solve the mystery of what happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , which disappeared over the open sea . In fact , thousands of aspiring good Samaritans are volunteering their time to scour part of the plane 's search zone using detailed satellite images posted online by DigitalGlobe , a Colorado firm that owns one of the world 's most advanced commercial satellite networks . So many volunteers have joined the effort that the firm 's website -- with its pinpoint pictures of everything floating in the ocean -- has crashed . It is a busy week for "  crowdsourcing , " the Internet phenomenon where information is gathered from John and Jane Q. Public -- people like you -- and from your social media postings . "  This is a real needle-in-the-haystack problem , except the haystack is in the middle of the ocean , " Luke Barrington of DigitalGlobe told CNN affiliate KMGH . "  I will ask you to mark anything that looks interesting , any signs of wreckage or life rafts . " DigitalGlobe 's satellite photos taken 400 miles above the Gulf of Thailand can capture a detail as small as a home plate . The challenge is finding the manpower to scour 1,235 square miles of such images on one of DigitalGlobe 's websites , Tomnod.com -- with more pictures to be posted this week from satellites above the Strait of Malacca , said Abby Van Uum , an Edelman publicist retained by DigitalGlobe . That 's where crowdsourcing comes in . Timeline of the flight "  In many cases , the areas covered are so large , or the things we 're looking for are so hard to find , that without the help of hundreds of thousands of people online , we 'd never be able to find them , " Barrington said . One volunteer , Mike Seberger , 43 , found a fascinating image in a matter of minutes : the silhouette in the ocean has the scale of a Boeing 777-200 , the same model of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . His discovery can be seen on his CNN iReport page , which is also a form of crowdsourcing used by CNN . "  At first , I skipped past it , thinking , ` Nah . No way I would find anything that quickly , ' " Seberger told CNN on Tuesday . "  But then I kept scrolling back to it and thinking to myself , ` It does resemble a plane ... ' "  I played with the zoom on my browser a bit , and took a screenshot at 200 % , which is what I uploaded " to CNN iReport , said Seberger , a manager of information technology in the Chicago area . But Seberger does have his doubts : "  Looking at it objectively , the shape of ` my ' object appears plane-like and the dimensions are consistent with a 777-200 . That said , I feel it is more likely to be a boat . " Four scenarios DigitalGlobe and the Tomnod.com website officials have yet to respond to his flagging of the curious image . "  Their site is getting slammed , apparently , because about half the time that I try to access it , I get an error page , and sometimes even though I log in , no map loads , " Seberger said Tuesday . "  The site got slammed like healthcare.gov . " Company officials were n't available to respond to CNN 's requests for a comment Tuesday . In response to the Malaysia Airlines plane 's disappearance , DigitalGlobe activated its subscription service to emergency managers , which provides online access to satellite images before and after the incident , the firm said on its website . The photos are used for emergency response , damage assessment and recovery . The company performed a similar "  global crowdsourcing campaign " in November 's Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines , allowing volunteers to tag online more than 60,000 objects of interest from satellite photos . The information was forwarded to emergency responders , the firm said . The firm also tracked damage last year in the Moore , Oklahoma , tornado and the Colorado floods . In another case , the satellite imagery also helped locate the remains of two missing hikers in Peru , the affiliate reported . The firm , based in Longmont , also uses geospatial big data , which is "  information and insight taken from imagery and derived from various sources such as social media , " the firm said . The company used the technology in satellite images of the recent Sochi Olympics in Russia and cross-referenced the photos with social media data "  to analyze overall activity , linguistic composition and mood for people around Sochi , " the firm said . ` Phantom call ' theory dismissed	Satellite images from Strait of Malacca will go online for crowdsourcing too Man spots a floating plane in satellite photo , but it could be a boat too , he says A Colorado firm asks the public to search for missing plane in satellite photos of ocean "  We 'll ask you to mark anything that looks interesting , any signs of wreckage , " rep says
Financial Times  -- A global shortage of helium , the lighter-than-air gas , has put a stop to the sale of inflatable Mickey Mouse heads at Disneyland in Tokyo , threatened parades during the US Thanksgiving holiday and disrupted university research . Global production of helium -- used in industrial and medical applications , as well as balloons -- has sharply fallen this year in the US and Algeria , the two biggest exporters . Companies in Japan , the world 's leading helium importer , say they are looking to tap alternative , but more expensive , sources of supply in Qatar , Russia and Poland . However , because the supply disruptions come as demand in China and India is rising , the global market remains "  tight " , said Shi Quan , a trader in Shanghai . The squeeze represents the second big shortage for the $ 500m helium market in five years , after glitches in 2007 at a plant owned by ExxonMobil . Now , the focus is again the US , which provided almost four-fifths of the 180m cubic metres of helium consumed around the world last year . The shortfall has been triggered by maintenance of ageing US installations , including a pipeline system that connects a helium-rich natural gasfield in Amarillo , Texas , with processing plants . In Algeria , too , supplies of helium have dropped alongside shipments of liquefied natural gas to Europe . Helium in Algeria is extracted during the liquefaction of natural gas , so when demand for LNG drops , as this year because of the economic crisis in Europe , helium production also drops . Helium prices have risen steadily over the past decade . In the US , benchmark helium prices have risen this year to $ 84 per million cubic feet , up nearly 70 per cent from the $ 49.50 per mcf in 2000 , according to the US Bureau of Land Management . Industry executives believe that prices would need to increase significantly more to spur the development of more supplies , probably through expensive technologies for extraction of the gas . Japanese importers are struggling to adjust . Two weeks ago Saitama-based distributor Daito Gas said it could take no more orders for helium after shipments came to a halt . Taiyo Nippon Sanso , the country 's biggest importer , says its helium volumes have dropped by 30 per cent since June , and that the outlook may not improve until the third quarter of next year , when a joint venture with a gas drilling firm in Wyoming is scheduled to begin production . Until then , said spokesman Masayuki Kuniya , the company would prioritise deliveries to MRI clinics -- which use liquid helium to cool superconducting magnets -- and factories making semiconductors and fibre optic cables . Meanwhile , the nation 's children may have to go without . Last week Oriental Land , operator of the Disney resort east of Tokyo , suspended sales of helium-filled balloons for the first time . Kunio Komada , an executive at Dream Balloon , a Tokyo retailer , complains that his helium stock has dwindled to nothing , following big cuts in the spring and summer . "  If supplies do n't come back soon , our business will be very tough , " he said . Additional reporting by Javier Blas in New York and Leslie Hook in Beijing © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Global production of helium has sharply fallen this year in the US and Algeria Sale of inflatable Mickey Mouse heads at Disneyland in Tokyo suspended Companies in Japan , the world 's leading helium importer , are looking for alternatives Squeeze represents the second big shortage for the $ 500m helium market in five years
CNN  -- Government officials and health experts from around the world are meeting this week in South Korea to discuss a series of proposals that could put restrictions on tobacco growing . The fifth session of the World Health Organization Framework Convention on Tobacco Control  WHO FCTC  is taking place in Seoul , where representatives from over 170 international parties will focus on reducing the demand for tobacco . High up the agenda are pricing and tax measures , proposals on limiting tobacco-growing areas , as well policies on economically viable alternatives to the crop . Delegates kick-started the proceedings Monday by adopting a new treaty setting the rules for fighting illegal trade in tobacco products . The procedures are being watched closely by the tobacco farming industry across the world . In the southeastern African country of Malawi , where tobacco is the top exports earner , many farmers are worried that some of the restrictions could be devastating for them and their communities . "  To stop growing tobacco would be like killing me and my whole family , " said Steve Msambira , a Malawian farmer who has been growing tobacco for over four decades . "  I have been raised through this business -- I went to school , even my children , my brothers and sisters went to school because of growing tobacco , " he added . Read : Oil search fuels tension over Lake Malawi WHO says that the FCTC proposals are designed to help governments around the world deal with an expected decline in demand for tobacco . Some welcome the move . "  The point of the WHO convention is to say ` how do we help farmers ? ' " said Yussuf Saloojee , from the National Council Against Smoking in South Africa . "  This provision is forward looking . It 's saying , as fewer and fewer people smoke the demand for tobacco leaf will reduce and we will need to then provide farmers with an alternative way of earning a livelihood . "  The treaty does not wish to harm farmers -- in fact the treaty wants agriculture in Africa to prosper . " Watch : Creative solutions for Africa 's farmers But the International Tobacco Growers ' Association  ITGA  , which represents an estimated 30 million tobacco growers , sees the move by the WHO as a part of a wider anti-smoking campaign aimed at cutting tobacco production . "  Tobacco is an easy scapegoat , " said Francois van der Merwe , Africa Chair of the ITGA . "  It 's an industry where they can go in and regulate and tax and try to show the world that they are doing good and we do not accept that . "  We will keep on doing what we believe is right to do . It 's a legal product with harmful effects so governments should rather focus their attention on educating people rather than going and trying and demonize the industry , drive extreme regulation , drive extreme taxation and now even right down to the most vulnerable in value chain , which are the farmers , the soft underbelly of the sector . " In Africa , it is estimated that there are more than one million tobacco farmers . Last May , farmers from across the continent declared their opposition to the plans , saying that they could hurt local economies and threaten jobs in many countries . In Malawi , seven out of 10 workers are either directly or indirectly employed by the sector and tobacco represents 70 % of the landlocked country 's foreign exchange earnings and 15 % of its total GDP , according to the ITGA . This reliance on one export makes Malawi vulnerable , particularly when production levels decline . Last year , the country 's export revenues fell as tobacco earnings declined 5.5 % to $ 410 million as a result of lower prices and a poor quality crop , according to data from African Economic Outlook . The government is trying to reduce its dependence on tobacco by encouraging farming diversification into other crops and bolstering the tourism industry . "  My government is already on the program of diversifying away from tobacco , " said Malawi 's agriculture minister Peter Mwanza . "  But this is not something you can do overnight . " Malawi 's head of state : ` Why I 'm selling presidential jet ' Commenting on the tobacco controls discussed at the Seoul convention , Mwanza said : "  Our view is the FCTC protocol , particularly Articles 17 and 18 -LSB- ` Provision of support for economically viable alternative activities ' and ` Protection of the environment and the health of persons ' respectively -RSB- , are rather unfair to Malawi and other tobacco-growing countries . He added : "  The best they could have done was to consult the farmers and also put up measures that would help for them to diversify away from tobacco . "  We are not opposed to people being protected from tobacco but if people are going to be hungry then they will die even faster than smoking because people would starve and they would have no income . " But for the anti-smoking lobby , growing tobacco only compounds the economic and social ills of countries like Malawi . "  Malawi has been growing tobacco for over 100 years and yet it is one of the poorest countries in the world , " said Saloojee . "  Tobacco farming in Africa and in particular in Malawi is in crisis . It perpetuates poverty , it harms the environment , harms workers and is based on unfair labor practices -- child labor is rife on the tobacco farms in Malawi . " Read : Bin Laden bread a hit for Malawi bakers The industry acknowledges child labor is used in the tobacco sector but says it is a problem being addressed . Bruce Munthali , chief exeutive of the Tobacco Control Commission of Malawi , said the practice is not only confined to tobacco growing . "  Child labor occurs in other commodities , mining , other commodities you can think of , " he said . "  As an industry we have taken some corrective measures to address some of the concerns relating to child labor . " Msambira , who employs about 50 people , said he never uses children in his fields but relies on workers from nearby villages and Zimbabwe . He said he knows that tobacco offers him and his country an uncertain future , but for now he sees no alternative and does n't believe the WHO is offering one . "  This is a good business , " he said . "  No tobacco , no life in Malawi . "	WHO proposals to restrict tobacco farming threaten the industry , say farmers It is estimated that there are more than one million tobacco farmers in Africa In Malawi , tobacco is the top exports earner Government officials from around the world meeting this week to discuss tobacco restrictions
CNN  -- The fog has been lifted . There is no serious doubt left that Russia is "  now directly involved in the fighting " in Ukraine , as Geoffrey Pyatt , U.S. Ambassador in Ukraine has said on Twitter . "  Russian supplied tanks , armored vehicles , artillery and multiple rocket launchers have been insufficient to defeat Ukraine ' armed forces . So now an increasing number of Russian troops are intervening directly in fighting on Ukrainian territory . Russia has also sent its newest air defense systems including the SA-22 into eastern Ukraine , " he wrote . This is the step from proxy war to war . It is also probably the end of German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's attempts to prevent the worst through diplomacy . She spoke to Russian President Vladimir Putin more than 30 times this year on the phone , much more often than any other Western leader . What Germany tried was to convince Putin to step back from war in eastern Ukraine by using carrots and sticks : Western economic sanctions on the one hand , and on the other the promise of a return to a close partnership with the West if Russia were to stop supporting separatists in Ukraine . For Berlin , which was in the lead in Western negotiations with Russia , the goal of the talks was to give Putin a face-saving exit option that would n't look like a defeat . But for Moscow , those talks were meant to achieve Russia 's goal -- control over Ukraine . While Russia talked about "  federalization " , which was meant to give regions a veto over the country 's core political decisions , Germany talked about "  decentralization , " a system of administration that would leave the capital in control of Ukraine . Putin 's choices German tactics were built on Russian deniability of any direct involvement . The diplomatic game was based on the pretense that both sides were not much more than concerned neighbors , that Russia was not part of the conflict . But indirect involvement was not enough to hold territory in Ukraine . That 's why Putin either had to accept defeat or to step up his efforts and end the pretense of Russian non-involvement . He chose the latter . Putin did so knowing that this would lead to more Western sanctions , more costs for Russia . But he may have gambled that the West would not massively increase sanctions , as the appetite for conflict with Russia is low in many European countries , especially in Western Europe . It is also possible that he may even be ready to accept economic divorce with the West . The West has tried everything to convince Putin to step back from the brink of open war in Ukraine . But it has not worked . The success of the Ukrainian army on the ground has forced Russia to make a choice between ending efforts to bring back Ukraine under Moscow 's control -- or moving to open war . Putin had to leave the fog and make a move . The German approach now looks like a failure , but it was worth trying nevertheless . It might have worked . Diplomatic efforts may also have kept Russian involvement to a minimum in the last few months -- they may have caused Putin to keep a low profile , thus allowing Kiev to recover and win back territory . A pause in diplomacy The West has no "  Plan B. " Merkel 's carrot and stick approach had the great advantage of being "  sellable " domestically : to her coalition partner in Germany , SPD , and in the EU to countries like France , Spain and Italy , which are much less concerned about Russian neo-imperialism than Germany or Poland . More robust tactics wo n't fly in Germany or in the wider EU . Anything that appears to raise the risk of direct military confrontation with Russia will be vetoed . The only possible option now is to increase sanctions . Diplomacy will take a pause . And every hope of a return to the way relations with Russia used to be will be buried . What is clear now is that Russia and Europe are heading towards a much less cordial relationship . The next few years are going to be characterized by a mix of confrontation and cooperation . The West 's grand strategy of transforming Russia into a liberal democracy by weaving it into a web of interconnectedness has failed . By moving from proxy war to open war , by giving up pretense and deniability in Ukraine , Russia has very clearly made that point . Germany has taken the lead in the crisis because it has become a central player in Europe , and because it had a lot at stake . Its attempts to put the genie back in the bottle were ultimately unsuccessful . But in that process , Berlin has taken responsibility for Western relations with Russia . It should now take the lead on the long game as well : by building a new strategy that balances confrontation where necessary with cooperation where possible .	The U.S. this week said Russian forces were "  directly involved " in fighting in Ukraine Ulrich Speck writes that this moves the eastern Ukraine conflict from a proxy war to war It also likely ends Berlin 's attempts to use diplomatic means to prevent the worst , he says Speck says Russia and Europe are now heading towards a much less cordial relationship
CNN  -- A Boston , Massachusetts , police officer who sent a mass e-mail in which he referred to Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. as "  banana-eating " and a "  bumbling jungle monkey " has been placed on administrative leave and faces losing his job . Officer Justin Barrett , 36 , who is also an active member of the National Guard , sent an e-mail to some fellow Guard members , as well as the Boston Globe , in which he vented his displeasure with a July 22 Globe column about Gates ' controversial arrest . The columnist , Yvonne Abraham , supported Gates ' actions , asking readers , "  Would you stand for this kind of treatment , in your own home , by a police officer who by now clearly has no right to be there ? " In his e-mail , which was posted on a local Boston television station 's Web site , Barrett declared that if he had "  been the officer he verbally assaulted like a banana-eating jungle monkey , I would have sprayed him in the face with OC -LSB- oleoresin capsicum , or pepper spray -RSB- deserving of his belligerent noncompliance . " Barrett used the "  jungle monkey " phrase four times , three times referring to Gates and once referring to Abraham 's writing as "  jungle monkey gibberish . " He also declared he was "  not a racist but I am prejudice -LSB- sic -RSB- towards people who are stupid and pretend to stand up and preach for something they say is freedom but it is merely attention because you do not get enough of it in your little fear-dwelling circle of on-the-bandwagon followers . " According to a statement from Boston police , Commissioner Edward Davis took action immediately upon learning of Barrett 's remarks , stripping the officer of his gun and badge . Barrett is "  on administrative leave pending the outcome of a termination hearing . " CNN has been unable to reach Barrett for comment . Davis wants Barrett , a two-year veteran of the Boston police force , fired , a source close to the investigation said . But Barrett will continue to be paid while on administrative leave , and no date has been set for his termination hearing . Barrett , who identified himself as a veteran and a former English teacher , also took issue with Abraham 's journalistic ability , calling her "  a hot little bird with minimal experience in a harsh field , " as well as "  an infidel . " The rambling e-mail also suggested that she "  should serve me coffee and donuts on Sunday morning , " later returning to that line of thought with , "  I like a warm cruller and hot Panamanian , black . No sugar . " The Boston Police Patrolmen 's Association was also quick to condemn the comments , describing them as "  offensive and hurtful . " The organization sought to assure citizens that "  these statements are not representative of the ideals held by the dedicated police officers who make up this proud association . "	Boston police officer sends mass e-mail protesting column on Henry Gates Officer Justin Barrett calls Gates "  banana-eating , " uses "  jungle monkey " 4 times Barrett calls Boston Globe columnist "  a hot little bird with minimal experience " Source says police chief wants Barrett fired ; he is on paid administrative leave
CNN  -- The last remaining personal property belonging to Ponzi schemer Bernie Madoff and his wife , Ruth , netted nearly $ 500,000 in an auction in Miami Beach , Florida , the U.S. Marshals Service said Tuesday . Proceeds from the June 4 auction go to the U.S. Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture fund and will be used to compensate "  the many victims of this crime of historical proportions , " said Neil DeSousa , U.S. marshal for the Southern District of Florida . "  Rest assured that the U.S. Marshals Service 's top priority in this case was restitution toward the victims . " To date , about $ 24 million in property sales and $ 80 million in cash assets from the Madoffs have been recovered , the Marshals Service said . Art , antiques , furniture and clothing from the Madoff residences in New York and Palm Beach , Florida , were featured in the 275 lots included in the final auction . Madoff , the mastermind of an estimated $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme , pleaded guilty in March 2009 to 11 felony charges , including money laundering , perjury , false filings with the SEC and fraud . He was sentenced to 150 years in prison .	Auction proceeds will go toward compensating victims of Bernie Madoff 's Ponzi scheme Items from the Madoffs ' residences in New York and Florida were auctioned Marshals Service : More than $ 100 million in assets have been recovered from the Madoffs
CNN  -- It 's a Jonah-and-the-whale kind of moment . You wake up , and your guest room appears normal . But as you get your bearings , you realize that you 're in the belly of a reptile -- otherwise known as Australia 's Gagudju Crocodile Holiday Inn . The curious trend of zoomorphic architecture -- that is , buildings that look like animals -- has been around for millennia  ever heard of the Sphinx ?  . And new species of animal-like buildings continue to turn up in concrete jungles like Bangkok , along roadsides or in national parks . Even serious tastemakers like Pritzker Prize-winning architect Frank Gehry have been inspired to inject a playful animalistic motif into their building plans . For the Vila Olímpica in the seaside city of Barcelona , Gehry managed to capture the sleek , muscular movement of a fish in motion in a way that is utterly sublime . Read on for more strange buildings that -- beastly or beautiful , by design or by accident -- pay tribute to the animal kingdom . Long may these crazy critters stand . See more buildings shaped like animals Church by the Sea , Madeira Beach , Florida Times were hard at the end of WWII , but this small community managed to cobble together a collection plate large enough to buy land . Volunteers flooded to help , including an architect who unwittingly constructed two eyes and a beak from the bell tower , eventually inspiring the nickname Chicken Church . When the bell rings it makes a clucking sound -- well , not really , but it looks like it should . Travel + Leisure : World 's coolest futuristic buildings Vila Olímpica , Barcelona In the late 1980s , many architects were obsessed with Grecian columns . Frank Gehry felt that postmodernists were n't looking back far enough . He surmised that we are all descended from fish and , for the 1992 Olympics , set about creating a structure near the Hotel Arts that would reflect our 300-million-year-old ancestor . The metal canopy , measuring roughly 114 by 177 feet , is supported by a wood and steel space frame and was the first of several fish-inspired buildings Gehry created . Cat Kindergarten , Wolfartsweier , Germany This ingenious preschool is so adorable that it makes any work seem like play . Artist Tomi Ungerer and architect Ayla Suzan Yöndel designed it so that children enter through the cat 's mouth , where the classrooms and cafeteria are located , and exit into the backyard via a slippery dip for a tail . Travel + Leisure : Cutest baby animals at U.S. zoos Observation Tower , St. Georges de Windsor , Quebec About two hours east of Montreal , on the drive toward the Maine border , is a roadside attraction worth a detour . Local artist Josée Perreault designed an observation tower from boulders painted to look like a cow reclining in a field . Upon climbing the squat tower , travelers are rewarded with a view of real-life cows reclining similarly in green pastures . Ladprao Tuk Chang , Bangkok You 'd have to have a thick hide to work in the 335-foot-tall Elephant Tower , easily a contender for one of the world 's ugliest buildings . Architect Ong-ard Satrabhandhu 's creation is certainly one of the most famous in Bangkok , thanks to three towers -- the pachyderm 's thick legs and trunk . Travel + Leisure : World 's most mysterious buildings Universum Science Center , Bremen , Germany A giant silver clam shell and a giant chrome sperm whale rising from the reflecting pool are two popular interpretations of Thomas Klumpp 's design . Inside the Universum Science Center , opened in 2000 , are interactive exhibits also meant to provoke and engage the visitor : you can , for example , feel sound waves vibrate throughout your entire body . Lucy the Elephant , Margate , New Jersey Lucy was the first example of zoomorphic architecture in America , with the patent to prove it . Built in 1882 to sell New Jersey real estate , Lucy then found use as an office , a bar and a summer home . The patented 65-foot-tall tin and wood construction was meant to be one of a pack , but giant elephants did n't take off the way the architect intended . To this day , Lucy stands proudly alone . Gagudju Crocodile Holiday Inn , Kakadu National Park , Australia Upon arrival , you do n't immediately appreciate how true this hotel is to its name : the low-lying , curved corridors could simply be a way to give each room a unique view of the landscape , rich with kangaroos and other wildlife . A bird 's - eye view , however , reveals that the entire hotel is shaped like one of the region 's most feared residents , the crocodile , and that every guest has been swallowed whole . See more buildings shaped like animals Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The curious trend of zoomorphic architecture has been around for millennia Modern interpretations include Frank Gehry 's sleek fish structure in Barcelona A cat-shaped kindergarten and a church resembling a chicken are whimsical examples
Aung San Suu Kyi , the Myanmarese opposition leader , said her country 's present constitution "  does not conform " with democratic norms and it should be changed where needed . Myanmar state television broadcast for the first time an election campaign speech by the pro-democracy leader , a Nobel Peace Prize winner who was under house arrest for years until she was freed more than a year ago . Suu Kyi and her party , the National League for Democracy , will participate in by-elections on April 1 after boycotting previous elections . She has been crisscrossing the country to attend election rallies . In her speech , she decried restricting freedom of speech and choice and fostering fear and instability in people 's lives . She called for respect of the rule of law . "  As long as freedom of movement and human rights are not fully achieved , " democracy will not prevail , she said . She called for improvements in education , health care , agriculture and the lives of workers and younger people . Suu Kyi has said that she would change the configuration of the parliament in which 25 % of seats help the military establishment . She cited the presence of those nonelected officials in Wednesday 's speech . The country 's election commission removed a passage from her speech because it did n't conform with current election law , Suu Kyi told a freelance reporter for CNN . Earlier , Nyan Win , a National League for Democracy spokesman , said the passage that was removed in advance criticized the previous situation in Myanmar concerning freedom of speech and access to information . The international community has applauded recent political reforms in Myanmar , also known as Burma , long secluded from the rest of the world after a military junta grabbed power in 1962 . The generals have begun loosening their grip after international sanctions and criticism over their regime 's human rights record . The authorities released Suu Kyi from house arrest in November 2010 . She registered last month to run for a parliamentary seat in Kawhmu after the regime agreed to negotiate with an ethnic rebel group and pardoned hundreds of political prisoners . Her televised speech Wednesday is a result of Myanmar 's electoral law , which requires that each political party receive appropriate time to broadcast its manifesto . The National League for Democracy submitted candidates for all 47 seats up for grabs in the April by-elections .	Myanmar 's opposition leader urges education and health care improvements State TV broadcasts a campaign speech by Aung San Suu Kyi for the first time Suu Kyi will participate in by-elections in Myanmar next month
London  CNN  -- Violence is n't always physical -- and UK Home Secretary Theresa May 's recent announcements on all things extradition fell one after another as devastating blows to an already beaten and broken Muslim community . The extraditions of five Muslim men to the United States on October 5 followed by the blocking of computer hacker Gary McKinnon 's extradition this week has made the Muslim communities of the UK wake up to a glaring reality many tried hard to avoid . It is something other communities in the UK have lived and understood for decades . Some Muslims have taken the beatings , repeated anti-terror laws , stops and searches , detentions without charge , demonization of beliefs and values , denigration of the personalities and principles most loved by us , and unrelenting social discrimination -- often believing that by showing more love they will somehow change the attitude of their aggressor . Campaigners against the extradition of some of the men waved Union flags at protests and called on a concept of citizenship , that clearly was n't shared by the powers that be . Others have called out state and institutionalized racism for what it is . Others still , left without good leadership have just tried to get by , aggrieved , but without outlet for their legitimate concerns , pariahs in a society whose legal system has been exported worldwide through colonial endeavor , and continues to oppress in the name of freedom and now human rights . This may sound overly angry , but it captures a new mood -- one that has been a long time coming . The differences in treatment are so stark and spring from long-rooted  mis  representation of all things Muslim . The British media discussed ad infinitum the violation of Gary McKinnon 's human rights by the proposed extradition , but when the Muslims were extradited all discussion revolved around why it took so long . There is no doubt that McKinnon and his family have suffered inordinately and very few in the UK would begrudge the decision to block his removal to the USA . But , as the families of all those awaiting extradition will testify , it is a shared experience . While McKinnon was granted bail during his decade-long ordeal , Abu Hamza al-Masri , Khaled al-Fawwaz , Adel Abdul Bary , Babar Ahmad and Talha Ahsan endured from six to 14 years in prison without charge . They suffered too , as did their families , yet they are rarely named . On the day of their final legal challenges , all reporting focused on the case of "  Abu Hamza and four others . " Abu Hamza , for many years an exemplar caricature for most of the stereotypical attributes of Muslims , is the poster boy for successive governments ' capitulation of sovereignty and equality in the UK-U.S. extradition treaty of 2003 . Demonization of Muslims preceded 9/11 , in the UK as elsewhere . IHRC is just one of many organizations , academics , journalists highlighting anti-Muslim bias and depictions in everything from news media to literary classics , through Hollywood movies and even Bridget Jones . The normality of such depictions -- violent men , compliant highly sexualized oppressed women , irrational beliefs and exotic behavioural codes have had serious impact . The extradition of Talha Ahsan and the reprieve of Gary McKinnon are just two of the products of this process . As one of the "  four others " it has mattered little that Talha Ahsan 's case has more in common with Gary McKinnon 's than Abu Hamza 's , except that McKinnon admitted he did hack into the Pentagon 's computers , whereas Ahsan denies guilt of the cybercrimes he is accused of . Both suffer from Asperger 's Syndrome , both were assessed as a suicide risk , one is seen to have his human rights violated by the extradition treaty , while in the other it is clear he is not deemed to be human . In short , the one word answer to the question "  Why Talha , not Gary ? " Racism . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arzu Merali .	UK extradited 5 Muslims to U.S. on Oct. 5 , but let computer hacker Gary McKinnon stay Differences in treatment spring from  mis  representation of Muslims , says Arzu Merali Merali : Racism is the only reason why McKinnon , but not the 5 Muslims , was reprieved
The nighttime curfew imposed in Thailand after last month 's military coup has been lifted , Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha said during his weekly address Friday . The announcement was read out and televised throughout Thailand . The Thai military instated the curfew when it seized power after months of unrest that had destabilized the elected government and caused outbursts of deadly violence in Bangkok . The curfew had already been lifted in more than 30 provinces and districts , including Thailand 's tourist hotspots such as Phuket , Pattaya , Krabi and Koh Samui . But not Bangkok . The curfew posed a problem for Thailand 's soccer fans who wanted to watch the World Cup games with friends -- many of the matches start between 11 p.m. and 3 a.m. local time .	The Thai military instated the curfew when it seized power after months of unrest It had been lifted in more than 30 provinces and districts , including tourist hotspots
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's parliament has ratified a 20-year $ 98 million loan from China to build a defense college , despite objections from members of Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's party that the poverty-stricken country should prioritize the spending in other ways . Zimbabwe 's upper and lower houses of parliament passed the deal late Tuesday after heated debate . Shepherd Mushonga , a member of parliament from Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change party , said he was surprised that Chinese companies including Anjin Investments Private Limited -- which has interests in diamonds - had been contracted to construct the college that is being built about 20 kilometers  12 miles  north of Harare . "  We are talking of a law which says 51 % of any business transaction must be for Zimbabweans , but in this deal Chinese have become Zimbabweans , " said Mushonga in an interview Wednesday , repeating what he had said when opposing the passing of the loan facility in parliament the previous day . Other members of parliament said the country needed to first address the ailing economy before constructing the college . Zimbabwe 's minister of defense , Emmerson Mnangagwa , told parliament that the college would offer "  specialized military training and learning of security issues " taught by senior officials in defense forces and civilians both in the country and from abroad . China has become a close ally of Zimbabwe , standing by it while the West ostracizes President Robert Mugabe for the long-term leader 's poor human rights record . In 2008 , China vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution seeking sanctions against Zimbabwe . Chinese companies have made inroads in Zimbabwe especially in construction industry . Earlier this year , the visiting Chinese vice premier , Wang Qishan , signed about $ 700 million in loan agreements with Zimbabwe . The loan was the biggest international deal in years for Zimbabwe , which continues to be shunned by the West for its failure to service its external debt which is about $ 7 billion .	The money will go to building a defense college Some members of Zimbabwe 's parliament oppose the deal They argue that the poverty-stricken country should spend the money in other ways
