CNN  -- Joe Biden does n't much like the NRA -- and the feeling is mutual . But on Thursday the NRA will be coming to the White House to meet with Biden and his fast-track gun reform task force , formed after the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre and due to submit its recommendations by the end of the month . There are obviously deep divisions between the two -- they are never going to agree on the vast majority of proposals , especially the assault weapons ban  despite the fact that it was once backed by Ronald Reagan  and a ban on high-capacity ammunition clips . But there may be some surprising opportunities to find common ground , even on this most contentious issue . The NRA has backed specific plans to crack down on gun violence in the past that the president could enact through executive order , and polls of NRA members suggest there is even more unexpected common ground to be found . For example , the National Instant Criminal Background Check System is an existing law that has been underfunded and insufficiently implemented . Updated after the Virginia Tech shootings , backed by the NRA and signed into law by President Bush , the law requires federally licensed gun dealers to check with a coordinated federal database to see whether the would-be gun buyer has any history of dangerous mental health problems -- as well as criminal record , arrest warrants , or orders of civil protection -- that would stop them from owning a firearm under existing law . The Virginia Tech shooter , Seung-Hui Cho , who killed 32 people in the span of a few hours , had been previously diagnosed as mentally ill and could have been stopped from purchasing his murder weapons if the information had been available to the background check system . But since Virginia Tech , states have made only limited progress in reporting the critical mental health information , primarily because Congress has failed to provide the necessary funding , granting just 5.3 % of the total authorized amount during the Obama years . Increased screening for mental health is one of the few areas the NRA agreed should be focused on in the wake of Newtown and yet the Obama administration and Congress have failed to enforce the existing law by depriving it of funds needed for implementation . Politics : How the NRA wields its influence Likewise , the NRA has long championed Project Exile , a pilot program first implemented in Richmond , Virginia , which prosecuted serious local gun crimes committed by felons under federal law , putting repeat offenders in federal prisons far away from their communities . This get-tough approach , which inspired President Bush 's national initiative Project Safe Neighborhoods , ended up cutting the "  gun carry " rate in half and reducing the murder rate in Richmond by more than 60 % . The five-year mandatory sentence for committing a crime with an illegal gun changed criminal behavior . Similar initiatives have been implemented in cities throughout the country , but the coordination has been spotty and the Obama administration has failed to follow through on the model or add innovations to it . Finally , President Obama could order the Justice Department to increase the prosecutions of people who falsify information on their gun background checks . In 2009 , the FBI reported 71,000 instances of people lying on their background checks to buy guns . But the Justice Department prosecuted just 77 cases -- that 's about 1/10th of 1 % . A lack of follow through from the federal government is letting these gun criminals walk , and that sends a message about lack of enforcement that only encourages systematic disrespect for existing gun laws . There 's a pattern here . Before the Newtown shootings , the Obama administration had not made enforcement of existing guns laws a political or policy priority as the Clinton administration did , which got it repeatedly butting heads with the NRA in the process . This may in part be connected to a political strategy implemented by then-Rep . Rahm Emanuel in 2006 , when he courted pro-gun Democrats as part of a successful effort to retake control of Congress , an experience he carried with him to his role as Obama 's first White House chief of staff before being elected mayor of Chicago . "  During the Clinton administration there were efforts to fully enforce the gun laws we have through innovative crime gun tracing projects , partnerships with state and local law enforcement and tough prosecution initiatives , " said Arkadi Gerney , an adviser to New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg on illegal guns from 2006-11 . "  So far , the Obama administration has failed to live up to that legacy and has not used its executive powers to the fullest to fight illegal guns . " But the NRA has been the prime opponent of many other new gun laws and stalled funding for many existing programs in Congress . Before drawing widespread criticism for suggesting that armed guards be placed in public schools after the Sandy Hook slaughter , the NRA had opposed seemingly common sense measures like barring individuals on the FBI terrorist watch list from buying and owning weapons . Politics : Biden 's vow on curbing gun violence Interestingly , conservative pollster Frank Luntz found that clear majorities of NRA members are more reasonable about implementing such common sense measures than their more rigidly ideological parent organization . For example , 71 % of NRA members would bar people on the FBI terrorist watch list from buying and owning weapons , according to a poll Luntz conducted for the Bloomberg-backed group Mayors Against Illegal Guns . Likewise , 79 % of NRA members support requiring background checks on gun retail employees , 74 % would support background checks on all potential gun buyers and 64 % support requiring gun owners to report lost or stolen firearms . The NRA itself has changed since the conservative movement coalesced to take over the previously sportsman-focused organization . In the 1930s , the NRA supported the U.S. ban on machine guns , which still stands . Likewise , the NRA backed the 1968 Gun Control Law passed by President Johnson after the assassinations of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Bobby Kennedy . "  Today 's NRA is not that of our grandfathers , " said Gerney . "  Unfortunately , the leadership of the NRA has turned the organization into an obstacle , rather than the partner of decades ago , in the effort to pass smart laws to keep guns away from dangerous people . " The NRA 's hard turn to the right makes it highly unlikely that it will want to work with the White House on any measure . But in fact there is some common ground to be found , even between these political foes . Ironically , that common ground is likely to be found in increased federal enforcement of existing laws through executive order , the same remedy that the Drudge Report disgustingly demagogued on Wednesday by comparing executive orders by the president of the United States to tyrannical actions taken by the mass murderers Hitler and Stalin . It was a shocking reminder of just how unhinged and hateful our civic debates have become . But beyond these efforts to fear-monger for political and personal profit , the fact that some common ground exists between the White House and the NRA on gun control should be a heartening sign , a reality check amid all the overheated rhetoric . Reasoning together to solve problems should never be considered impossible in America . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : The NRA and the White House share common ground on gun control Avlon : In the past , the NRA has backed specific plans to crack down on gun violence He says polls show that most NRA members support common sense measures Avlon : Obama should increase federal enforcement of existing laws through executive order
CNN  -- One of the many questions surrounding the revelation that Americans Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol received a little-known , experimental serum for their Ebola infection is : "  Why did we hear nothing about it earlier , and how did they gain access to it ? " Ebola has no cure , although potential medications and vaccines are in various states of development . The serum ZMapp , an experimental product of Mapp Biopharmaceutical , has n't been tested in humans , which means it does n't meet a primary requirement for FDA approval -- so its obscurity is no surprise . The Americans managed to gain access to what more than 1,660 infected people in Guinea , Sierra Leone , Liberia and now Nigeria did not : medicine that seems to work -- although , of course , we do n't know for sure yet . Some reports indicate they received ZMapp under the FDA 's "  compassionate use " rule , which permits untested drugs to be given to consenting patients who might otherwise die . This is a triumph of common sense and compassion over bureaucratic red tape . One of the chief concerns about using unapproved medications is that we do n't know what the risks are : The drug may not work , it may work with serious adverse effects , or it may prove as deadly as the disease . But as a doctor , Brantly understood the risks , and like him , Writebol had no other options . Most people with Ebola die . Compassionate use is certainly ethically defensible . But apparently only three doses were available , and they were given to Westerners . The lack of broader access to ZMapp highlights what is often a very serious ethical failing . 9 questions about this new Ebola drug Why did n't Dr. Sheik Umar Khan , the chief Sierra Leone physician who died while treating Ebola patients , receive this medication ? Because another method of determining who gets medications is at work here -- the drearily familiar stratification of access to a drug based on economic resources and being a Westerner rather than a resident of the global South . No health worker wants to intentionally deprive Africans of a needed drug . But informal medical networks , which Africans lack , connect well-to-do Westerners with information and drugs . In addition , the pharmaceutical industry has a history of declining to test medications for diseases of the tropical world , most of whose inhabitants can not afford high prices . We do n't know how quickly ZMapp could be made in large quantities . If it were to be made available , who should receive it ? Some think Ebola doctors and caregivers should , because their survival is essential to treating and quelling the epidemic . This makes sense , but it 's not that simple . First , it violates the principle of distributive justice : The benefits of the drug are being inequitably distributed , with skilled , economically secure professionals more likely to benefit . Also , by what reckoning do we decide that the doctors ' role increases their value and dictates they should be given a preferential chance to survive ? Distributing the drug through a clinical trial would allow us to know whether and how well the medication works and what caveats might apply . Africans must participate in any clinical trial , which would benefit the pharmaceutical company as well as , it 's hoped , Ebola victims . This would mean their lives have irreplaceable value , too , in the equation of who should get the drug . So , will Africans receive this potentially lifesaving medication ? A U.N. official suggested that drugs can not be tested in the middle of an epidemic -- but he is wrong . Such tests are conducted all the time . Dr. David Ho tested AIDS drugs in Uganda in the midst of the pandemic , and the meningitis drug Trovan was tested in Kano , Nigeria , in the midst of an epidemic . One of every three industry trials is conducted in developing countries ; scientists often point to high disease rates , including epidemics , as a rationale for conducting them there . The problem is not testing the drug amid an epidemic . The question is how ethically such trials are conducted . Only small amounts of ZMapp are available now , but as soon as it can be made in quantity , the drug for Ebola should be made available to Africans in all the regions that are threatened by the epidemic , regardless of ability to pay . If possible , it should be distributed within clinical trials to determine the safety and efficiency of the medications . Many people assume this requires withholding medications in a control group , but this is not necessarily the case . Experts should and can mount a well-designed study that permits early access to the medication to all who need it . But if they can not ensure that sick people get the drug early , then a clinical trial should not be any more of a requirement for poor Africans than it was for Kent Brantly . It 's also natural to wonder whether the threat of Ebola to the Western world , not to Africans , drives this initiative because so few such drugs are devised for Africans . This simply highlights another reason why we should so our utmost to protect people from Ebola : our medical interdependence . If Ebola makes landfall in the United States , we will need drugs like ZMapp , just as Africans need them today .	Americans with Ebola received an experimental medicine that seemed to help Harriet Washington : Poor Africans do n't have access to lifesaving medicines She says access to drugs often based on how much money you have and if you 're a Westerner She urges this drug be made in quantity and given to infected West Africans in a trial
CNN  -- There is n't just one Republican national convention that started on Tuesday ; there are four of them going on . There 's the convention for the base , which is why Rick Santorum and Ted Cruz were up there , and why the day was suffused with religion . Then there 's the convention for the undecided -- or as they are called now , the persuadables . Anne Romney and Chris Christie were the headliners for this bunch . Mrs. Romney 's role was to be the humanizer-in-chief , and the governor 's role was to bring his blunt charm to independents looking for a lack of posturing and pandering . As the week progresses , other speakers will be carefully chosen for their ability to get fence-sitters to climb in their direction . Of course , there 's also the convention for the media , which in many ways might be the most important audience of all . There are 15,000 journalists in Tampa -- Jeff Jarvis accused them of squandering "  ego-dollars . " Since their coverage will influence a lot more people than actually saw the proceedings , their lens becomes the national lens . Lastly , there 's the convention for everyone else . That 's most of America , but most of the country does n't really care that much , which is why "  America 's Got Talent " on NBC pulled in more than 4 million-plus viewers than their convention coverage managed to scrape together . Those are a lot of masters to serve , which is why the first night of the convention came across as such a fragmented affair . There were strands of a narrative -- end the culture of dependency , do n't let us turn into Europe , Republican policies help immigrants succeed , you can trust Mitt -- but the strands were stranded , lacking a big cohering theme . What Peggy Noonan said about Anne Romney 's speech actually describes the entire evening , that it was "  scattered , full of declarations ... that were n't built upon but abandoned . " There were a few moments of strong Republican branding last night ; I thought the best single line came from Chris Christie , when he said "  I believe we have become paralyzed by our desire to be loved . " In the era of counting Facebook friends and Twitter follows , that 's a message that cuts across parties and that speaks to everyone who in their heart knows and understands the risks of striving for popularity . It 's also a smart way to turn President Barack Obama 's superior likeability numbers against him , although it 's doubtful that Mitt Romney 's lower numbers are based on his willingness to trade off short-term favorability ratings for unpopular stances . Chris Christie is building his own political brand around a persona of strident rejection of the seductions of being an object of political eroticism  he is the anti-Clinton in that regard .  But the trouble for the Republicans is that the counterpoint to the "  desire to be loved " -- what Christie described as "  strengths greater than the passions and emotions of the times " -- is exactly what many find lacking in his candidate . If political parties are essentially brands -- and they are -- then contemporary political conventions should be occasions when those brands are both strengthened and nuanced . But they rarely are -- the "  bump " is notoriously ephemeral . There 's a reason for that . Successful brands -- those that are both enduring and changing below the surface -- have a strong hand at the controls . Not dozens of self-interested brand managers which their own constituencies , which is the way politics operates . Great brands -- Apple , Nike , Starbucks , Virgin , you name it -- are not created and managed by committees . But that is exactly and literally what the parties are : The Republican National Committee ; The Democratic National Committee . The flaws of "  design by committee " are so well-known that they even have their own Wikipedia page . Parties out of office , by definition , find it harder to create and project a unified , focused brand identity . The lack of a leader , an ability to hand out plum jobs , bitter infighting and posturing for the next election , are all brand-destructive . The 2008 Democratic Party , despite a bitter primary battle between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton , was an exception . Their titanic battle was one of personality more than a debate on the issues , so the core of the party was n't riven by the fractiousness that comes from being out of power . Obama 's singularity and aura of personal mission projected a massively powerful Democratic brand ; in fact , it 's the emotional investment in the Obama brand that the Republicans are now trying to turn against the president . It 's a potent weapon ; disillusionment stings . It was n't the Democratic Party that won in 2008 , it was Obama . The personal brand was more potent than the party 's . Now we face the reverse . In 2012 , the Republicans lack a commanding personal brand at the top of the ticket , and it remains to be seen if their political brand is strong enough to overcome that absence . There 's nothing I 've seen , from the brand theater of Tampa -- including an inability to cut to anything but older white faces in the crowd -- that looks all that encouraging . There are too many brand managers in the party , and at the party . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Adam Hanft .	Adam Hanft : These are four GOP conventions in one , playing to different groups He says the party is aiming at the base , undecideds , the media and everyone else He says GOP has fragmented message with too many masters Hanft : Can politics win anyway ? So far it does n't look good
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- An Argentine Dirty War-era general has been sentenced to life in prison for the killing of five people during the dictatorship . Luciano Benjamin Menendez , former head of the Third Army Corps , was already serving a life sentence for violating the human rights of four others . A panel of judges on the Argentine court handed down the sentence Wednesday . Sentenced along with Menendez was former policeman Roberto Heriberto Albornoz , who was also sent to prison for life . Up to 30,000 students , labor leaders , intellectuals and leftists who ran afoul of the dictatorship because of their political views disappeared or were held in secret jails and torture centers during the nation 's eight-year Dirty War . Menendez 's most recent trial stems from an army and police assault on a home in Tucuman province on May 20 , 1976 , according to Argentina 's Center for Judicial Information . A group of Montoneros , an urban guerrilla group , was meeting inside the house before the forces launched explosives and entered the house , the center said . The soldiers and police killed four people inside the house , and also killed one who escaped .	Luciano Benjamin Menendez was the head of the Third Army Corps He was sentenced to life for the killing of five people He was already serving a life sentence for human rights abuses
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- The government of self-proclaimed President Laurent Gbagbo anounced Tuesday that a supporter of Alassane Ouattara was killed during a pre-dawn raid in Abidjan . The raid took place around 5 a.m. in the Cocody neighborhood at the party headquarters of a key member of the pro-Ouattara political coalition that backed him for the runoff , the government said on national television . "  Sixty-three persons have been detained , eight injured , including seven police officers , " said an Interior Ministry spokesman . "  The supporter died of his wounds ... he was armed with a knife and had tried to attack police officers and gendarmes , " added the spokesman , who identified the victim as a northern tribesman . Police seized machetes , knives , daggers and traditional protection amulets associated with armed rebels , the spokesman said . The raid took place after police received complaints about attacks against local residents carried out by the occupants of the building , said the spokesman . Residents interviewed on the scene after the raid reported that supporters of Ouattara had been camping in the bulding since the November 28 election runoff , which international observers say was won by Ouattara . The residents said the group had been involved in violence in the neighborhood , including robbing a bakery and clashing with pro-Gbabgo students from a nearby campus . Two U.N. vehicles appeared on the scene following the raid , but were ordered to leave by police forces loyal to Gbagbo . In the afternoon , the building was guarded by police officers who said no more supporters remained inside . The incident came on the same day that talks between Ivory Coast 's political rivals and African mediators failed to break the political impasse that has left Gbagbo clinging to power , despite international pressure for him to step down . President-elect Ouattara has said he will not meet with Gbagbo until Gbagbo acknowledges electoral defeat . "  Ouattara has always been clear on this issue since the beginning , " said Patrick Achi , Ouattara 's spokesman . However , Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga , the envoy for the African Union , urged patience in resolving the crisis through negotiations . "  Military action will cost lives and we want to avoid that , " Odinga told CNN . The Kenyan leader , who visited Abidjan on Monday along with a delegation representing West African states , said Gbagbo agreed to negotiate a peaceful end to the crisis without conditions . But Ouattara will not negotiate until he is recognized as the legitimate president and Gbagbo lifts a siege on the waterfront Golf Hotel , where Ouattara has been holed up since the runoff , Odinga said . Gbagbo , who has given no sign that he is retreating from his claim to the presidency , told the African leaders he would pull back his military by noon Tuesday , but Ivorian forces remained at the hotel in the evening . "  The  African Union 's  position is that Ouattara is the president , " Odinga said . "  The option that Laurent Gbagbo has is to negotiate a decent exit with guarantees . " African leaders have urged Ouattara to ensure that Gbagbo and his supporters will not be persecuted if he steps down . ECOWAS has threatened to use "  legitimate force " to remove Gbagbo and called a two-day meeting of its defense chiefs January 17 to plan steps if he has failed to step down by then . Gbagbo has said he wants an an international committee to recount the vote . Odinga said Tuesday that a recount was no longer possible because the election documents have been in the custody of Gbagbo 's supporters who could have tampered with them . CNN 's Zain Verjee and Salma Abdelaziz and Journalist Eric Agnero contributed to this report .	NEW : 63 people have been detained , 8 injured , 7 of them police , the Interior Ministry says Gbagbo promised to recall troops from hotel , but they remained there late in the day Alassane Ouattara has demanded a siege on his hotel be lifted as a condition for talks
CNN  -- Potato salad is a cause worthy of charitable donations . That notion started out as a joke in early July , when Zack "  Danger " Brown opened a Kickstarter campaign requesting $ 10 in crowdfunding to make his very first batch of it . But the joke was on him , when an Internet mob pounded him with a sum far beyond his goal -- $ 55,492 . On Saturday , he spent it on a public party in a city park in his hometown of Columbus , Ohio , to benefit charity . He says he wo n't personally pocket any of the loot . The Internet storm also whisked Brown into an overnight sensation . The raging speed of donations snagged the attention of "  Good Morning America " in a few days ' time . The newly minted fund-raiser popped by ABC 's morning show studio in shorts and sneakers with no socks , and showed off a cheap T-shirt with homemade iron-on lettering that read , in all caps : "  I JUST BACKED POTATO SALAD . " Too much money His campaign 's dizzying momentum blindsided Brown . "  At Day One , we had $ 200 . I thought that was way too much money , " he told the show . He confessed that he had not yet made any potato salad but said he 'd received many recipes through the Internet -- from mayo-daubed to vinegar-splashed concoctions . Brown 's bewilderment over the sum did n't stop him from handily hoisting the fund-raising bar much higher . He pledged prizes for various levels of donation : A bite of the potato salad for those contributing $ 3 . A hat for a contribution of $ 25 . A T-shirt for $ 35 . He added "  stretch " goals for donors to meet between $ 35 and $ 3,000 . While the money came in streams , visitors to his Kickstarter page arrived in deluges , tallying more than 4 million views . It ranks No. 4 on the website for all-time visits , according to Kickstarter . Potato salad weighs in ahead of actor LeVar Burton 's Reading Rainbow , which ranks eighth , and the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset , which ranks 10th . Nevertheless , donations to those campaigns rocketed into lofty millions and dwarf the money given to potato salad . Eating up attention Brown has reveled in the attention , posting YouTube videos satirizing his cause with an indelible bright-eyed gaze and an upbeat smile on his cleanshaven face . He took the ALS ice bucket challenge by pouring a bucket of potatoes over his head before someone else doused him with ice water . Consistently , Brown thanked the Internet for its charity , personifying and addressing it personally by introducing videos with the salutation , "  Hello , Internet . " Two and a half months after uploading his joke campaign , Brown was sitting on sacks of potatoes and money . He had promised to read off the list of his donors on camera while he made his first potato salad . It took him nearly four hours to read all the names of generous people from 20-some countries -- 6,911 people donated in all . Feeding those in need Then it came time to do something with all those spuds and all that dough . "  I want to do the most good that I can do with this , " he had told "  GMA . " But Kickstarter prevents campaigners from turning their cash directly over to charities . To get around that , Brown splurged for a concert bash called PotatoStock 2014 with concession stands and sponsorships , he said on his website , thepotatostock.com . Proceeds from the event went to nonprofits to fight hunger in Central Ohio . Brown invited the entire Internet to the party , and a few people did drive to Columbus from other states , according to Brown 's Twitter posts . But for all the global attention , a big chunk of the funding came from close to home . About 90 % came from the United States , and donors from Ohio gave the most money , followed by California . Nearly 63 % of the Ohio donations were contributed from in and around Columbus , the very area Brown intends to feed . .	Zack "  Danger " Brown asked on Kickstarter for $ 10 to make his first batch of potato salad On the first day , he got $ 200 -- way too much , he thought He ended up with more than $ 55,000 and decided to use it for a charity bash The campaign has made Brown an overnight sensation
Mashable  -- Democrats who have donated to a presidential campaign this election are more likely than Republicans to have done so on the Internet , according to a new study . Nearly 57 % of Democrats who contributed to the campaigns have done so online , while only 34 % of Republican donors used the Internet to make their contribution , found the Pew Internet & American Life Project . Conversely , 87 % of Republican donors have given money in person , over the phone or through snail-mail , while 57 % of Democratic donors have contributed offline  The numbers do n't total 100 % because people can make multiple donations in various ways  . Neither side is more likely to donate in general : Pew found that 16 % of both Democrats and Republicans have contributed to a campaign in some fashion . While offline donations are still the most popular form of contributions , the Internet 's a close second : of the 13 % of adults who contributed to a campaign , 67 % did so in-person , on the phone or through traditional mail , while 50 % donated online or via email . What about cell phone donations ? Democratic donors are more likely to send a donation via text message or app â $ " 15 % of them have done so compared to 6 % of Republican donors . SEE ALSO : Now you can donate to political campaigns via text message However , cell phones are still far from a popular contribution method : even though the Federal Elections Commission cleared the path to cell phone donations for political candidates back in June , only 1 % of American adults have used their cell phone to donate to a presidential candidate . Meanwhile , 10 % of American adults have used their cell phone to make a donation for any purpose , such as emergency relief . Have you used a cell phone or website to donate to a candidate ? Share your thoughts in the comments . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Study : Democrats are more likely than Republicans to donate to 2012 presidential campaign online Nearly 57 % of Democrats who contributed did so online , compared to 34 % of Republicans Conversely , 87 % of Republican donors have given money offline , compared to 57 % of Democrats
CNN  -- Step into any major urban center across Africa and you 'll have no problem accessing your favorite websites , catching the latest news online or sending your friends an e-mail . Step outside the city , however , and you 'll soon have to say goodbye to the world  wide web  . Read this : Africa 's new skyscraper cities Take for example Limpopo , a rural province in the northern part of South Africa , one of the country 's poorest regions . "  There is just no connectivity whatsoever , " says Mahlo Mokgalong , a professor at the University of Limpopo , located outside the city of Polokwane . "  From the area where I am , " explains Mokgalong , "  the nearest Internet cafÃ © will be 30 kilometers  away  -- there are even some people who travel 50 kilometers or so to get to the nearest Internet facility . " But all this could soon change . Limpopo has been selected by Microsoft for the latest trial of an initiative using white spaces technology -- the unused channels in the broadcast TV spectrum -- aiming to bring broadband with speeds of up to 2 Mb per second to under-served rural communities . The 12-month pilot project , which will become operational in October , will use the relatively new technology and solar-powered base stations to get five secondary schools in the province online -- all located within 10 kilometers of the university , which is used as the project 's hub . Mokgalong says the pilot will benefit both pupils and teachers . "  Their lives are going to be made easier , " he says . "  Some of the schools in the area have a shortage in terms of materials , " adds the professor . "  So it will definitely benefit the learners in those schools and expose them to computer usage . " Unused spectrum But what is this experimental technology and how does it work ? Put simply , TV white spaces refers to the unused frequencies that are lying idle following the migration of TV broadcast from analogue to digital -- previously , these were kept clear to avoid interference with neighboring channels . The low-signal frequencies , from around 400 megahertz to about 800 megahertz , can penetrate walls and other obstacles more easily than the traditional broadband technologies . They can also transfer data traveling longer distances before they need to be reboosted , up to 10 kilometers , which means that fewer towers or base stations are needed to cover a wider area . Read this : Can Africa unlock its solar potential ? All potential users need is a device with Wi-Fi capability , such as a mobile phone , a PC or a tablet , that will connect to a Wi-Fi access point that , in turn , is connected to a white space base station . Why Africa Microsoft , which has been researching TV white spaces for 12 years , has so far deployed the technology in a number of locations -- from the United States and Europe to emerging markets in Southeast Asia . But it 's Africa , a continent beset by connectivity and infrastructure challenges , where the company sees the biggest potential . The tech giant first brought white spaces to Africa last February when it launched a trial delivering broadband access to remote villages in Kenya 's Rift valley . This was followed by a second pilot in an urban environment in May , bringing wireless broadband access to students at the University of Dar es Salaam in Tanzania , before the launch of the third trial in South Africa . Read this : Teen plans ` hacker school ' in Kenya Fernando de Sousa , general manager of Microsoft 's Africa initiatives , says the continent is an ideal location for the deployment of white spaces . He cites a number of reasons . "  The first one is the distance ; the ability to cover ground with the least amount of effort , " says de Sousa . "  Think about it , with one tower , with one broadcast station , if you go 10 kilometers either direction you 're creating ... a very big patch of land which we 're essentially covering with one antenna . " This brings infrastructure costs significantly down , says de Sousa , something that is key in the efforts to speed up Internet adoption in Africa and help its economic development . "  We need to do an innovative approach to get people online , " he says . "  We can not follow traditional methods where perhaps the coverage increases by 1,000 yards every week or so -- we have to go much faster than that ... because of the very rapid growth of Africa 's workforce and the desperate need to get skills into the population . " Putting the technology to test Microsoft is not the only company rolling out white spaces projects in Africa . In late March , Google launched a similar pilot project bringing wireless broadband to 10 schools in Cape Town , South Africa . Read this : Why tech innovators are Africa 's future Microsoft says it plans to use its pilots , part of its 4Afrika Initiative , to convince governments to make the needed legal and regulatory changes that would allow for the deployment of the technology across the continent . But getting the many regulatory bodies on board could be a significant challenge for a wider roll out . Consultations over white space schemes in other countries have raised concerns that the technology could interfere with television broadcasts or services using similar frequencies , but Microsoft believes that will not be a problem . "  We 've arrived at a point where we 've not only improved the technology but also proved that there is no interference as television users continue to see and have the quality they desire , " says de Sousa . "  We 're also able to deliver what is a hugely valuable service because in Africa  lack of access  is probably the single biggest constraint to economic development , skills acquisition and jobs creation . " Excitement Mark Graham is director of research at the University of Oxford 's Internet Institute . While he welcomes the initiative to provide rural African schools with Internet access , he cautions that many schools have other needs . "  It 's great that they 're experimenting and trying this but other things need to be taken into account , " he says . "  For example , some schools might not have electricity , toilets , teachers , textbooks . Connecting people is a prerequisite for some of the things you might want to happen -- but the problem is when people think that 's enough . " De Sousa says Microsoft is now in discussions with governments , multilateral organizations and local service providers about rolling out white spaces in about 10 African countries . "  We 're now getting into the stage where the pilot stages are over and we 're starting to deploy commercially viable deployments , " he says . Back in Limpopo , Mokgalong says the schools ca n't wait for the project to begin . "  There is excitement , everyone is eagerly waiting to see how this is going to happen , " he says . "  If the pilot works then I 'm sure we will increase  the number of schools  , " adds Mokgalong . "  We 're looking at education for a start and I think later health will follow , business will follow -- everyone is looking to participate in in this . "	Microsoft trialing TV ` white spaces ' to bring broadband to rural Africa White spaces refers to unused frequencies in broadcast TV spectrum The company has already launched trials in Kenya and Tanzania Microsoft plans to roll out the technology to several other African countries
As I sat in Dr. Valentin Fuster 's exam room at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan , only one word raced through my mind : "  Whoa ! " That was it . I was floored . I really could n't understand why this was happening to me -- and now . I had beaten obesity and , for the first time in my life , I was hitting the gym regularly and practicing portion control in my diet . I 'd taken up tennis and , in fact , was actually pretty decent . This is me we 're talking about -- someone who 'd never run for , hit or even caught a ball until I was 42 . Even though I felt and looked great , I was experiencing what I now know are the classic symptoms of heart disease : frequent intense heart palpitations , light-headedness , shortness of breath and extreme fatigue . But I always thought that heart disease was an old white dude 's disease . That 's what I 'd seen on television anyway . It did n't happen to newly skinny black women who had it going on . Or , at least thought they had it going on . I could n't have been more wrong . I was about to be the face of heart disease . When my doctors told me they were going to crack my chest open and take my heart out of my body to repair my aortic valve and remove a subaortic membrane to stave off future heart issues , it scared the crap out of me ! I sincerely considered not having the surgery . But I knew I needed to be strong . So , I got focused . I became determined . And yes , at times , I was terrified . Anyone who goes through cardiac surgery and tells you they were n't scared is lying . We 're all human . Fortunately , the skill level of my physicians and the resources that were available to me left me encouraged by the prognosis for recovery . Amazingly , even though the doctors stopped my heart for 22 minutes on the operating table , I made it through open-heart surgery without any complications . As part of my recovery , I elected to do cardiac rehab . That was the second-best decision of my life . Three months of pushing myself to the limit with steadfast determination to recover fully was my goal . The discipline necessary to strengthen your heart after surgery is relentless and exhausting but so worth it . I was lucky . No , more like blessed . I came through heart disease , and today I 'm a survivor . With my recovery , I realized I had an obligation that reached beyond my own health . I made a commitment to use whatever platform I have in the public eye to raise awareness of heart disease in women . According to the American Heart Association and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , heart disease is the No. 1 killer of all Americans . It 's the No. 1 killer of African-Americans , and it 's the No. 1 killer of women . So , you see , heart disease for me is personal -- very personal . For three years , I 've served as the National Volunteer for the AHA and a volunteer spokeswoman for their Go Red For Women movement . The movement aims to dispel myths surrounding heart disease and raise awareness . It 's a passionate , emotional and social initiative designed to empower women to take charge of their heart health . The goal is to harness the energy , passion and power women have to band together and , collectively , wipe out our No. 1 killer . With National Wear Red Day coming up this Friday , I 'm reminded that bringing awareness to heart disease is n't about just wearing red one day a year . It 's a lifestyle . It 's about sharing your story and empowering each other to make heart health a priority starting now . I 'm thankful for the voice I have when it comes to fighting this preventable disease . I 've made it my mission to do what I know how to do -- talk -- to anyone who 'll listen to my story . And , believe me , I 've been coast to coast sharing my story and educating others along the way . Today , I 'm living my best life in great health . I 'm so proud I 've spent the past 10 years getting myself in the best physical and emotional shape I could be in . I learned late in life that my health is my greatest asset and encouraging healthy living is my purpose in life . For she who has health has hope , and she who has hope has everything .	TV personality Star Jones was diagnosed with heart disease in 2010 Heart disease is the leading cause of death for men and women , but it 's preventable February is American Heart Month , and Friday is National Wear Red Day
A Missouri man pleaded guilty Thursday to a second-degree misdemeanor charge of endangering the welfare of a child in connection with a highly publicized sex assault case involving a teenage girl , a prosecutor said . Matthew Barnett , 19 , was sentenced to two years ' probation . Prosecutors said Barnett , then 17 , gave alcohol to his victim , Daisy Coleman , until she was impaired , and left her outside her home in temperatures below freezing during the early morning hours of January 8 , 2012 . Barnett had been arrested and charged with sexual assault , but two months after the incident the charges were dropped when the original prosecutor said the Coleman family was n't cooperating with the investigation . The girl 's mother denied that contention in an interview with CNN . Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor in October and reopened the case . Coleman , who was 14 when she claimed she was raped , released a statement through Baker 's office . "  Today , I am grateful that the defendant took responsibility by pleading guilty to the charges . I am ready to move forward , " Coleman , 16 , said . Her mother said Baker did the best she could under tough circumstances , alluding to her belief that evidence had been altered , destroyed or lost . Barnett 's attorney , Jay R. Hobbs , said the misdemeanor charge "  accurately reflects the conduct of which he should be held accountable for . " Baker said there was n't enough evidence to file a felony sex assault or endangerment charge . "  This is the outcome that we believe was the right and just outcome in this case , " she told reporters . Coleman was in a hospital after a weekend suicide attempt , her mother told CNN on Tuesday . Melinda Coleman said her daughter had been harassed by several people through social media . Melinda Coleman was not in court Thursday , telling CNN that she wanted to stay with her daughter . CNN does not typically identify alleged victims of sexual assault but has done so in this case because Daisy and her mother had chosen to go public . The most important term of Thursday 's plea deal , Baker said , was the condition that Barnett apologize to Coleman . The prosecutor said she believed the verbal apology was genuine and heartfelt . She will relay the statement to Daisy at a later date , she said . Barnett also will have to pay the Colemans $ 1,800 , take drug tests and do community service . He is not allowed to be around alcohol . If he violates his probation , he will go to jail for 120 days . The case gained national attention last year when on the one-year anniversary of the incident the Kansas City Star featured the story . According to a Missouri State Highway Patrol probable cause statement filed by prosecutors , Daisy Coleman and a friend were drinking at the Coleman home in Maryville , which is in northwest Missouri , about 100 miles north of Kansas City . Coleman and Barnett were texting each other and after midnight , Coleman and her friend sneaked out to meet Barnett , who drove them to his neighborhood . The patrol statement did n't identify Coleman 's friend , but Paige Parkhurst , 13 at the time , later came forward to the media . After they sneaked into Barnett 's parents home , they drank in the basement , along with several other people . Coleman told investigators she started drinking vodka , then does n't remember anything else until she woke up in her yard around 5 a.m. . She was barefoot , dressed only in a T-shirt and yoga pants . Barnett said that , after about an hour of drinking , he drove Coleman , Parkhurst and a boy to another friend 's house , where Barnett asked the friend to drive them to Coleman 's house to drop her off , according to the statement . Barnett and a juvenile carried Coleman to one side of her home then came back to the car , the document says . Weather records indicated temperatures were in the low 20s that morning . The probable cause statement was filed by prosecutors as part of the plea deal . It focuses on the alleged endangerment and makes no mention of a sexual assault allegation . In a statement issued in October , a lawyer for the Barnett family noted that a felony charge of sexual assault was filed January 9 , 2012 , against Matthew Barnett , alleging sexual intercourse with someone who was incapacitated . "  Mr. Barnett cooperated with the investigation and freely admitted to the sexual encounter , " said the statement from lawyer Robert Sundell . "  While many find Matt Barnett 's behavior reprehensible , the legal issue was whether a crime was committed . "  Subsequent investigation and interviews raised substantial doubt about the felony charge , specifically including whether the young lady was incapacitated during the encounter . " Melinda Coleman has said she thought the charges against Barnett had been dropped because of his family 's political connections -- one of his grandfathers was a popular four-term state representative . Parkhurst said she was raped by a different boy that same night . That case was settled in juvenile court . Melinda Coleman said in 2013 that her children had received threats and she was fired from her job as a veterinarian at a clinic . The Colemans have since moved to another town . The case gained traction after the newspaper article and the Colemans ' appearances on CNN . The online activist collective Anonymous picked up the cause , releasing a statement that questioned how the case was being handled . Why Anonymous wants justice in the Missouri rape case	Mother of victim says she thinks prosecutor did what she could , but evidence was contaminated Matthew Barnett pleaded guilty to leaving Daisy Coleman drunk outside her house to fend for self He had been charged last year with sexual assault , but those charges were dropped Victim says she is happy that Barnett took responsibility
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A U.S. soldier was detained Sunday in connection with the shooting death of a civilian contractor at Contingency Operating Base Speicher in Tikrit , Iraq , the military said . The contractor was not identified , but Houston , Texas-based military contractor KBR said the person was an employee . The contractor died at about 8:30 a.m. "  of wounds suffered in a shooting at COB Speicher , " the Multi-National Division -- North said in a statement . "  We can confirm that a U.S. soldier has been identified and detained in the alleged shooting incident , " Maj. Derrick Cheng , division spokesman , said in an e-mail . "  KBR can sadly confirm that one of its employees tragically died this morning in Tikrit , Iraq , " KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne said in a statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers remain with the employee 's family , " the statement said . "  As the Army is leading the investigation of the incident , KBR is not providing further comment at this time . We are of course fully cooperating with the Army in its continued investigation . " No further details about the shooting were released . Cheng said the investigation is ongoing . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Houston , Texas-based military contractor KBR said the person was an employee Contractor died at "  of wounds suffered in a shooting " at base , officials said Army is leading investigation , says KBR
CNN  -- With the inevitability of Mitt Romney 's GOP presidential nomination now assured , the next question looming in this long , twisted election cycle is likely to be this : Which Mitt Romney will be running against President Barack Obama ? In a perfect Mitt World , Romney would have been able to stay in his comfort zone , touting his economic prowess vs. the nation 's  read : Obama 's  economic failures . But a covey of conservative Republican opponents fueled with super PAC money and jazzed by tea party frenzy forced him from the middle and into an increasingly conservative persona , culminating in his somewhat plaintive declaration that he was "  severely " conservative . With his need to compete for the Republican right now ebbing , will Romney migrate back to the center , hoping that a good shake of the Etch A Sketch will create a clean slate to start courting moderates and independents ? He can only wish it were that easy . There is little doubt that Romney , like most presidential candidates before him , will recast his message for a general election . His problem in doing so , however , is his well-established record as a political chameleon who changes colors to match the polemics of his strongest political rival . In a weird through-the-looking-glass transformation that echoes through Romney 's political career , Mitt the candidate often takes on some of the positions and personality traits of his opponents . When he challenged Ted Kennedy for the U.S. Senate seat in 1994 , Romney became Moderate Mitt , staking out a painfully sincere middle ground stance on abortion . Watching him in debate with Kennedy , viewers can be excused for thinking they have wandered into an earlier "  Saturday Night Live " skit . Romney 's tortured answer wiggles one way -- he says he will support and defend Roe v. Wade -- then wiggles the other by saying his family , including his mom , had its own beliefs "  but we will not force our beliefs on others on that matter . And you will not see me wavering on that . " Kennedy puts it more simply . "  I support pro-choice , " he says . "  My opponent is multiple choice . " The line drew a burst of applause . Romney ran a similar campaign for governor in 2002 , modeling the same moderate positions of the two liberal Republican governors who preceded him . He took the same tortured tack on abortion as in 1994 ; his campaign courted Log Cabin Republicans , promising , according to members who attended a meeting , to be a supporter of gay rights and to stay out of the gay marriage case making its way through the state courts . There was little change in his political stance in the first year of his governorship . No social initiatives came out of the governor 's office . Most of his work revolved around the annual budget process , a Beacon Hill ritual in which the governor , Republican or Democrat , presents a budget to the Massachusetts legislature , which quickly dismantles the plan and replaces it with its own agenda , overriding any eventual veto attempts by the governor . Then came two events that forced the governor out of his comfort zone of moderation . The first was the state 's Supreme Judicial Court 's 2003 ruling that a ban on same-sex marriage was unconstitutional . With his eyes already set on the White House , Romney faced the unplanned prospect of running for president as the governor from the first same-sex marriage state in the union . Fortunately for him , however , he had no real constitutional power to do anything other than to act as a sideline cheerleader for a proposed constitutional amendment that would have allowed civil unions but not same-sex marriage . The amendment eventually failed in the legislature . In the meantime , Romney did some executive huffing and puffing , summoning up a dusty 1914 miscegenation statute that barred out-of-state couples from marrying in Massachusetts if their union was prohibited at home . The order was dropped after municipal clerks complained about the extra work it would bring . But mostly Romney was able to use rhetoric to play to conservatives while taking no action that would offend the liberals . Perhaps the more significant , and less noted , event that forced Romney to switch his protective coloring was the resignation in September 2004 of House Speaker Tom Finneran , a staunch social conservative who ruled the Massachusetts House with an iron hand . A singular power in the legislature , Finneran controlled all action in the House , keeping liberal proposals from advancing out of committee . With Finneran as sentinel , Romney was spared from making any decisions on legislation that could haunt him in Republican primaries . Finneran 's departure in advance of federal obstruction of justice charges -- he eventually pleaded guilty -- forced Romney to drop his Massachusetts Mitt persona . With a more liberal Democratic speaker in place , who is now doing time in federal prison , Romney had no place to hide as hot-button issues such as stem cell research , the morning-after pill and various bills on sexual orientation rights escaped the legislature and made it onto his desk . He faced a turning point . Sign those bills and safeguard his position for another run for governor or oppose them to curry favor with the more conservative Republican voters he would need to win a presidential nomination . He chose the latter , beginning his long public transformation to Severely Conservative Mitt . Even back then , reporters covering the Massachusetts State House could anticipate carefully crafted statements by Romney on any social issue likely to come up when he shared the dais with Republican presidential primary rivals . His one major legacy as governor -- the health care reform bill for which Massachusetts Democrats now honor him -- was part of that same Romney political calculus . When he collaborated with the Democratic leadership to pass the law , the central fixture of individual mandate was within a general Republican ideology for reforming health care . But Romney 's dream of being the savior of the health care crisis became a nightmare when conservatives demonized a Democratic president for the same legislation . Romney could n't get a break from his Massachusetts legacy . In the last two years of his governorship , Romney was out of state campaigning for president more often than he was in his State House office . His campaign patter often included digs at liberal Massachusetts , such as the time he described himself as "  a vegetarian at a cattle ranch . " The tactic did n't increase the love in Massachusetts . In March 2005 , he had a 55-to-41 favorable to unfavorable rating . Those numbers continued to decline over the next two years . By November 2006 , as his term was ending , his numbers dropped to 37-to-52 favorable to unfavorable . Only 29 % said they would vote for him again . Some say Romney 's shifting persona is nothing new to American politics . Even Abraham Lincoln tailored his message to the audience or electorate he was trying to woo . But the politicians who win elections and leave legacies keep to core ideals . Romney may have such ideals tucked away in a lockbox , but who can tell ? His often ham-handed attempts to win over whatever demographic he is targeting this week creates a stink of insincerity that trails him even when he actually means what he says . That will be the problem for whichever Romney we see over the next months . Whatever message he chooses , part of the audience will wonder if the Mitt Romney they are seeing will be the same one they might vote for . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fred Bayles .	Fred Bayles : Romney courted conservatives ; with nomination in bag , what 's next ? Bayles : Moderate Mitt has morphed into Severely Conservative Mitt over time Bayles : As Massachusetts governor , he was able to play to both sides for awhile Whatever stand he chooses , Bayles writes , people will wonder if it 's the real Romney
CNN  -- To some , it may sound like a strange way to spend a vacation . But for many visitors , the carefully manicured grounds of cemeteries can provide beautiful moments to remember history 's fascinating figures . St. Louis No. 1 , New Orleans New Orleans is situated below sea level . Early in its history , each time there was a flood , the dead would literally rise . Residents soon learned that bodies should n't be buried in the ground . At the colorfully named St. Louis Cemetery Number 1 -- the city 's oldest -- visitors see only above-ground tombs . Some are magnificent while others stand in various degrees of ruin . One intriguing figure said to be buried here is voodoo priestess Marie Laveau  1794-1881  , who held sway over her wealthy white clients as well as the Creole faithful . Tours of the cemetery include haunted outings . 425 Basin St. , New Orleans La Recoleta Cemetery , Buenos Aires , Argentina The first lady of Argentina from 1946 until her death in 1952 , Eva Peron lies in the Duarte family tomb in La Recoleta Cemetery . Every day , tourists pay their respects at the black granite tomb . A public cemetery since 1822 , it was only when the wealthy of Buenos Aires moved to this area that the elaborate above-ground mausoleums became common . The cemetery is home to a roll call of famous Argentineans , from presidents and military leaders to scientists and writers . Azcuénaga , Buenos Aires , Argentina Highgate Cemetery , London In the 1830s , parish cemeteries in central London became a health hazard , leading parliament to authorize seven new cemeteries in outer London . Highgate Cemetery was dedicated in 1839 . Now listed on the English Heritage Register as one of London 's great Victorian cemeteries , its most famous occupant is Karl Marx , but others buried here include novelist George Eliot  Mary Ann Evans  and the parents of Charles Dickens . Guided tours are available for the East and West Cemeteries -- a tour is the only way to get into the latter . Was there ever a Highgate vampire ? Readers can draw their own conclusions about reports in the 1970s and subsequent investigation by the British Psychic and Occult Society . Swain 's Lane , London , Highgate Central Cemetery , Vienna Designed to accommodate expected population growth , the Zentralfriedhof opened in 1874 on the outskirts of Vienna . It 's "  central " in terms of significance , not location . Home to 3.3 million souls , many visitors nonetheless focus on its connection to Vienna 's musical history . Composers Beethoven , Brahms and Strauss lie in rest here , while Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart has an honorary monument in Group 32a , his actual grave being in another cemetery . Notably , and controversially at the time , the cemetery has a Catholic section , a Protestant cemetery , a small Russian Orthodox burial area and two Jewish cemeteries . Simmeringer Hauptstrasse 234 , 1110 Vienna Bonaventure , Georgia , United States Located on the site of a former plantation , Bonaventure was established as a public cemetery called Evergreen in 1847 . It became Bonaventure when the City of Savannah bought it in 1907 . It 's now listed on the National Registry of Historic Places . Notable people buried here include Confederate general Hugh Mercer , novelist and poet Conrad Aiken and singer-songwriter Johnny Mercer , who wrote lyrics for Hollywood movie songs , including "  Moon River . " The Jewish section has a memorial to victims of the Holocaust , whose ashes were brought here from a Nazi labor camp . Bonaventure 's fame grew when a sculpture of the so-called Bird Girl from the cemetery was featured as the cover of the 1994 book , "  Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil . " 330 Bonaventure Road , Savannah , Georgia , United States Punta Arenas Cemetery , Chile A small angel stands with head bowed and palms together in prayer , a beautiful figurine atop one of the 19th-century tombs in the municipal cemetery of Punta Arenas in southern Chile . The chapels built in the early part of the 20th century house the remains of some of the wealthiest families of the time , including Sara Braun . It 's said that when she donated the money for construction of the cemetery entrance , she had but one request : that once she passed through the central doorway in death , the door would remain closed forever . And so it is till this day . 9 , Magallanes and Antártica Chilena region , Chile Novodevichy Cemetery , Moscow Adjacent to the World Heritage listed 16th-century Novodevichy Convent , the Novodevichy Cemetery is said to be Moscow 's third most popular tourist site . Inaugurated in 1898 , it grew in importance from the 1930s when the remains of many Muscovites , including writer Anton Chekhov , were transferred from small cemeteries that were being demolished . It 's now used only for the burial of significant people . Among a host of famous Russian singers , writers , scientists , cosmonauts and generals buried here lie Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev and Boris Yeltsin , first president of the Russian Federation . Luzhnetsky proyezd , 2 , Moscow Woodlawn Cemetery , New York Opened in the Bronx in 1863 , Woodlawn Cemetery is one of New York 's largest , with 300,000 souls at rest . It 's a listed National Historic Landmark . At its entry stands a marble memorial to Civil War hero , Admiral Farragut . Within its grounds many larger-than-life figures are interred , including jazz supremo Duke Ellington , songwriter Irving Berlin , writer Damon Runyon and newspaper publisher Joseph Pulitzer . Many monuments and mausoleums were designed by top architectural firms and noted sculptors ' talents are in evidence , such as the angel at the Angie Kinsley Monument created by Daniel French , whose credits include the seated Abraham Lincoln at the Lincoln Memorial . E. 233rd St. , New York Waverley Cemetery , Sydney They may be dead and buried but "  residents " of Waverley Cemetery , set high on the clifftop above Bronte in Sydney 's east , have spectacular ocean views . While its sculptures and architecture are fascinating , there 's much to notice about the names on the graves . Among the 80,000 interments since 1877 are literary figures who helped define Australia 's character , including Henry Lawson and Dorothea Mackellar . When viewers watch the funeral scenes in Baz Luhrmann 's film "  The Great Gatsby , " due for release in 2013 , they may think they 're in Long Island . In fact , those scenes were shot at Waverley Cemetery . St. Thomas Street , Bronte Père Lachaise , Paris At the Cimetiere du Pere Lachaise , home to a million souls , lies the grave of Jim Morrison , whose visitors leave tokens of love . A crowd gathers at Chopin 's grave , which is adorned by a statue of the muse with a lyre . There are kisses for Irish playwright and novelist Oscar Wilde . The list of the famous goes on . A moving site is the series of sculptures memorializing victims of the Nazis . There 's a tribute to those who died in the French Resistance and a poignant sculpted figure of an emaciated victim of the concentration camps . Others place red roses on the tomb of singer Edith Piaf , whose funeral in 1963 was attended by 40,000 people . 16 Rue du Repos , 75020 Paris Have we missed any ? Tell us about any beautiful cemeteries you 've seen on your travels below	Highgate Cemetery was created in 1839 after others in central London became health hazards Beethoven , Brahms and Strauss share Vienna 's Central Cemetery as final resting place Novodevichy Cemetery is reportedly Moscow 's third most popular tourist site A million people are buried at the Cimetiere du Pere Lachaise in Paris
CNN  -- Mikhail Youzhny 's hopes of reaching the lucrative season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London were crushed on Tuesday when the Russian suffered a back injury . The 28-year-old is 10th in the standings , but his bid to win one of the remaining three places for the eight-man event was halted in the second round of the Paris Masters . Seeded ninth , Youzhny was trailing Ernests Gulbis 6-4 3-0 when he had to quit -- meaning the Latvian will next play either American eight seed Andy Roddick or Finland 's Jarkko Nieminen . Sixth seed Fernando Verdasco kept his own hopes alive as he came from behind to beat veteran Frenchman Arnaud Clement 3-6 6-3 6-0 for the left-hander 's second win since reaching the U.S. Open quarterfinals in September . The Spaniard , who is ninth in the ATP standings , will play either French 12th seed Gael Monfils -- last year 's losing finalist -- or German Benjamin Becker in the third round . In Tuesday 's other second-round matches , Radek Stepanek beat Spain 's Nicolas Almagro 7-6  7-3  6-4 , with the Czech to next face either top seed Roger Federer or France 's Richard Gasquet . Nadal insists : I 'll be fit for ATP Tour Finals Another Frenchman , Gilles Simon , set up a third-round clash with fourth seed Robin Soderling by defeating Kazakhstan 's Andrey Golubev 3-6 6-4 6-3 . Fifth-seeded Czech Tomas Berdych , who is first in line for a London place , beat French wildcard entry Florent Serra 6-3 6-1 in the late match . In Tuesday 's first-round matches , Argentina 's Juan Monaco beat American Sam Querrey 7-6  9-7  6-2 to earn a Wednesday encounter with second seed and defending champion Novak Djokovic . Third seed Andy Murray , who also had an opening bye , will start his campaign against Argentina 's David Nalbandian after the 2007 champion defeated Spain 's Marcel Granollers 6-3 6-1 . Russian 10th seed Nikolay Davydenko will take on Thomaz Belluci in his opening match after the Brazilian began with a hard-fought 7-6  7-5  5-7 6-3 victory over Germany 's Philipp Kohlschreiber . If he wins that match , Davydenko will then take on Berdych . Croatian 13th seed Marin Cilic faces Sergiy Stakhovsky , who thrashed fellow Ukrainian Illya Marchenko 6-2 6-2 . World No. 1 Rafael Nadal pulled out of the tournament on Monday due to shoulder problems , but expects to be fit for the November 21-28 London event .	Three positions remain in eight-man field for ATP World Tour Finals in London Mikhail Youzhny , who was 10th in standings , can not qualify after his injury exit in Paris Fernando Verdasco keeps his hopes alive with victory in second round Top seeds Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray have opening byes
CNN  -- Can car-loving Saudis be convinced to step out of their air-conditioned comfort and take public transport ? The Saudi Arabian government believes they can and is backing its belief by investing $ 22 billion into a public transport mega-project in the capital Riyadh . Set to begin construction early next year , a new metro network will encompass over 176 km  110 miles  of train lines and 85 stations , linking the city center to universities , the airport , a newly built financial district and commercial areas . The first trains as slated to run in 2019 . During construction , it will be the world 's biggest public transport project , employing tens of thousands of people , developers say . According to the High Commission for the Development of Arriyadh , all carriages will be air-conditioned and divided into first , family and single class . Buses and trains take a distant second to personal cars in Riyadh and according to FCC Construction only 2 % of commuters in the Saudi Arabian capital take public transport . It 's no surprise because gasoline is highly subsidized -- a gallon at the petrol pumps costs around $ 0.50 . According to Bloomberg , the world 's largest oil producer ranks only second to Venezuela for the world 's cheapest gasoline . According to reports , the Saudi government is weighing up increasingly the cost of fuel to give public transport a boost . Read more : Ramadan 's Super Bowl effect Chronically underdeveloped until now , the expansion of public transport in the Saudi capital will also cope with the projected boom in the local population . It has more than doubled since 1990 to 5.3 million and is set to top 8 million by 2030 . "  Riyadh today is one of the world 's fastest growing cities and our citizens deserve a world-class public transport system to enhance their quality of life ... it will also help to reduce traffic congestion and improve air quality , " said Ibrahim Bin Muhammad Al Sultan President of Arriyadh Development Authority and Member of the High Commission for the Development of Arriyadh . Of the six lines to be built , three will be constructed by Spain 's FCC Construction company , working in partnership in a consortium including Samsung and Alstom . U.S. Firm Bechtel and Italian company Ansaldo STS lead the other two construction consortia . Read more : Google 's view from world 's tallest building As well as an extensive network , it is hoped that the stunning look of some the new stations will help to tempt locals away from their cars . Zaha Hadid Architects will build the King Abdullah Financial District station , one of the flagship interchange stops along Line 1 . With six platforms spread over four floors , and linking three of the new lines , the architects hope it will provide a multi-function public space . According to the architects , the white facade of the station will reduce heat from the punishing desert sun while the undulating lines of the building are meant to resemble the patterns generated by desert winds on sand dunes .	$ 22 billion project to build new metro network in Saudi Arabian capital 85 stations and 176 km of train lines will be built over five years Currently only 2 % of commuters in Riyadh use public transport Zaha Hadid Architects have designed one of the flag-ship stations
Northern Nigeria  CNN  I did n't want to ask the question . I could already guess the pain behind the answer . "  Do you think your husband is dead ? " Her mouth twists , contorting her young face , tears welling in her already reddened eyes . "  I do n't know ... I pray to God to give him another chance , " she finally manages to stutter . Her sadness is heavy and blankets both of us . She tells me she has three children , and they last saw their father four months ago when he went back to his army unit on the front line in Nigeria 's battle with the radical Islamist extremist group Boko Haram . Satellite images show devastation of Boko Haram attacks , rights groups say His friends last saw him bloodied and shooting as Boko Haram fighters advanced and they all fled . If all this was n't trauma enough , the young woman says the army has deserted her , too . "  They did n't tell me anything , they still have n't told me what happened and they did n't pay me anything and no one is feeding us in the barracks , " she said . We are in northern Nigeria , a few hours ' drive north of the capital where the mostly Muslim north meets the mostly Christian south . Just last month , a double suicide bombing killed 12 people in a busy central market in the region . Driving northeast of here toward the borders with Chad , Cameroon and Niger puts you in the heart of Boko Haram territory -- a land mass the size of Belgium . So it 's no surprise that the area is home to many thousands of troops , and , as I am finding out , it 's also the backdrop of many more heart-wrenching stories . A mile or so from his base , I meet a soldier on a remote windswept hill . He is a veteran of African Union and United Nations peacekeeping missions in Liberia and Sudan , a professional soldier . We sit on plastic chairs as he tells me his story . He , too , was left on the battlefield by his comrades as they fled for safety in the face of a Boko Haram attack . He does n't blame them . "  The major problem the soldiers have is they do n't have the equipment to fight , " he says . Boko Haram has anti-aircraft guns , which he says are accurate up to three-quarters of a mile . All the Nigerian military has , he says , are AK47 small machine guns , accurate up to a few hundred meters . Often the Nigerian soldiers are given only 60 bullets each , so they quickly run out . Boko Haram , he says , has large supplies of ammunition and more fighters . Although the Nigerian soldiers do win some fights , he says they are regularly forced to turn tail and run for their lives by the sheer volume of gunfire from Boko Haram fighters . It took him three days -- on foot , alone -- to get back to his base , 70 kilometers away . When he arrived , his wife told him to quit the army , but his troubles were only just beginning . Army medics refused to pay the $ 200 for medicine to treat his injuries . Morale in the army is sinking , he says . That night , I meet a young officer , who , like the other soldier , is not authorized to talk to me . Our conversation is held in a hurry in a tiny darkened hut that sells biscuits and fizzy drinks at a roundabout on the outskirts of a town . Corruption , he tells me , is the root of the Nigerian military 's problem . "  Not just the generals ... everybody in the country wants to get rich by any means necessary , " he says . The soldiers do n't ever benefit from the billions allocated to the defense budget , he explains . He even had to buy his own uniform . "  The troop morale is actually very low , very low , because we are not issued a uniform , we buy the uniforms ourselves , " he explained . The other soldier I met on the hill told me this , too . When they go into battle , no one has the same uniform , so when they run from Boko Haram it 's chaos . They do n't know who is friend or foe -- whom to shoot and whom to help . Most soldiers live in fear , the young officer tells me . A fear of what will happen to them , and how long they can survive in this battle , he says . The worrying does n't stop there . They see enough war widows on the base to know the grim reality of what can happen to their loved ones if they die . A widow I meet explains . Her husband was killed in battle over a year ago , she tells me . "  When my husband died , they never called me to tell me that I lost my husband , " she says . "  They buried him without notifying me . " She gets no army pension , and she says there are many more like her : they feel abandoned , afraid to speak out because they still live in the barracks . Government officials tell us they will look into these shortcomings , that they are working on getting better weapons for the troops . If they do , according to the soldiers I met , it will easily turn the tide in this war . Nigerian president in Boko Haram territory , spokesman says	Some military families still do n't know what 's happened to their husbands , fathers The Nigerian military seems under-equipped compared to Boko Haram fighters Nigerian soldiers must buy their own uniforms
London  CNN  -- For months , the West has struggled to take a strong stand against Russia for its incursion into Ukraine . And while Europe 's leaders are acutely aware of the threat to peace on their Eastern flank , the countries with the most at stake have , time after time , seemed unable to present a united and resolute front . But the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 has become a game changer -- a watershed moment which most concede would be too dangerous to let go . And now , as Europe prepares to finally take decisive steps , its chiefs will have to recognize that , if they are to be effective , they will also have to hurt their economies . As a block , the European Union exports about 100 billion euros worth of goods and services to Russia and takes in roughly 200 billion euros of the latter 's imports . That is money that matters , for sure , but it 's not Russia 's role as a consumer that would affect Europe most . Rather , it 's Russia 's function as a major supplier of energy . Should Russia cut its gas to the West in response , the loss in European production would more damaging than the hit its trade balance would take . Just as the region is trying its best to revive a stagnant economy , attempting to mend a fragile debt market and tackle high unemployment , alienating a major trading partner next door is a risk Europe 's ministers are understandably loath to take . And some countries have more to lose than others . With its billion dollar contracts for Mistral warships -- a deal which keeps some 1,000 Frenchmen and women employed in a country with a 10 % unemployment rate -- France is Europe 's largest supplier of arms to Russia . The UK also provides more minor military hardware and sells cars to Russia . With its own gas fields in the North Sea and the potential in future years to harness its shale oil , the UK does have other energy options . However if the EU hits Russian state-owned banks , London 's financial center would suffer while its luxurious residences in the capital would also become less appealing to the swathe of oligarchs who have relocated to Britain of late . For Germany , curtailed trade with Russia could really bite . And considering as the former is Europe 's biggest economy the implications would be felt well beyond its borders . More than 6,000 German firms operate in Russia , pouring in billions of dollars in foreign direct investment . Some 300,000 German workers depend on their country 's trade with Russia for their livelihoods . Sectors like the automotive industry , defense and engineering which have haemorrhaged jobs since the 2008 crisis would be hit hard once again . So , are such sanctions really worth it and would they work ? To answer this question it depends on what Europe hopes to achieve . Russia 's economy was already headed for a recession before Europe and the U.S. started talking tough . Some $ 90 billion of capital is likely to flee its markets this year , according to the conservative estimates of Russia 's central bank which was forced to pull a recent bond auction due to unfavorable market conditions . By tightening the noose over Russia 's banks , Europe hopes not only to turn the country 's key industrialists away from president Putin but also to limit the Kremlin 's ability to fund its banks on the international markets , meaning Russia would have to dig deep into its currency reserves and undermine the value of the Ruble -- a currency which has up until now been surprisingly unruffled . In the longer term -- say in three to five years -- bans on equipment and so-called sensitive technologies to the energy sector could hamper Russian plans to further exploit its massive oil and gas reserves . Presumably the EU hopes that for everyone 's sake the crisis surrounding Ukraine will be solved by then . But in the meantime , if the EU intends to send the strong message it needs , its leaders must reconcile their wish to make a point with the potential to lose a few points off of their GDP . READ MORE : Nun , athlete , family : Those killed on MH17 READ MORE : Flight attendants keep flying WATCH MORE : Who were the victims of MH17 ?	The West has struggled to show a united front against Russia with sanctions The downing of MH17 is a turning point , as European leaders prepare decisive steps But they must be prepared to hurt their own economies to punish Russia
CNN  -- As the fallout from WikiLeaks continues , the debate over whether or not the alleged leaker is a treasonous villain or a First Amendment hero is being debated in Berkeley , California . There , the City Council was set to vote on a resolution that hails Pfc. Bradley Manning a hero , calls for his immediate release and for charges against him to be dropped . That vote was postponed on Thursday , pending more information on Manning 's involvement . Here , the author of the resolution , Bob Meola , tells CNN why he thinks Manning is a hero , while City Council member Gordon Wozniak explains why he is against the measure . -- Kevin Conlon Manning : An American hero Bob Meola is a commissioner and immediate past chair of the city of Berkeley 's Peace and Justice Commission . He is a national committee member of the War Resisters League , member of Courage to Resist Organizing Collective , an organization that supports GI war resisters , and a member of the steering committee of the Bradley Manning Support Network , which raises money for Manning 's defense . On Tuesday , the City Council of Berkeley , California will vote on whether or not to pass a resolution recommended to it by the Berkeley Peace and Justice Commission , which asks it to support Pfc. Bradley Manning and proclaim him a hero -- if he is indeed the whistle-blower who leaked the "  Collateral Murder " video and numerous classified documents to WikiLeaks . Manning is charged with illegally leaking classified information and faces 52 years in prison if he is convicted of the charges against him . I wrote the resolution that is before the City Council . I believe that if Manning is the whistle-blower , he is an American hero and should be released . Berkeley should set a courageous example for the rest of the country by acknowledging the good that has been done by whoever blew the whistle . Manning is alleged to have written in e-mail exchanges made before he was arrested that the results of his actions would be "  hopefully worldwide discussion , debates , and reforms . " In another exchange , he allegedly wrote : "  I want people to see the truth regardless of who they are because without information , you can not make informed decisions as a public . " Manning 's case can not be discussed without also discussing WikiLeaks . Whoever released the video known as "  Collateral Murder , " which documents an incident in a suburb of Baghdad on July 12 , 2007 , should be thanked by the people of the world . That video shows the killings of 12 unarmed civilians , including two Reuters journalists by a U.S. Army Apache Helicopter crew . Two children were severely injured in the attack . WikiLeaks released the "  Collateral Murder " video in April . In July , it released the Afghan War Diary . In October , it released the Iraq War Logs , and last month it released diplomatic cables . The Afghan War Diary tells us of corruption and cover-ups in Afghanistan , the killing of innocent Afghanis . The Iraq War Logs document numerous war crimes and suppression of evidence of torture , and the recently released diplomatic cables shed an embarrassing light on the conduct of diplomats around the world . WikiLeaks has been accused of endangering the lives of Afghan informers by not redacting their names . Beginning with the release of the Iraq War Logs , WikiLeaks did redact names . But the accusers of WikiLeaks persist in the game of "  what if . " What if it endangered lives ? The mistake of nonredacted names must be weighed against the reality of the lives already destroyed by the wars in Afghanistan and in Iraq and the lives that would be lost if this information was not leaked in an effort to end some illegal acts of war . What if these revelations , in the name of compliance with law and morality , were not revealed ? How many more innocent lives would then be sacrificed ? Democracy must be transparent or it is not democracy . It is the duty of citizens to participate in democracy and shine light on truth . Thomas Jefferson said that given a choice between having government and having newspapers , he would choose newspapers . Blowing the whistle on war crimes is not a crime . It is the war criminals who should be prosecuted . Daniel Ellsberg has been saying that Manning is a hero of his and that when he released the Pentagon Papers , everything that is now being said about Manning , including that he is a traitor , was also said about Ellsberg at the time . Manning , or whoever leaked the information he is accused of leaking , deserves our thanks . It took 30 years for the heroes , who interrupted the My Lai massacre to be honored with the awarding of the Soldiers Medal , the U.S. Army 's highest award for bravery not involving direct contact with the enemy . At the award ceremony , Army Maj. Gen. Michael Ackerman said , "  It was the ability to do the right thing even at the risk of their personal safety that guided these soldiers to do what they did , " and that the three "  set the standard for all soldiers to follow . The city of Berkeley has a long tradition of standing up for peace and for justice . It has opposed the wars in Iraq and in Afghanistan , it has opposed torture , and it is one of the cities that called for the impeachment of George W. Bush . Manning and the case against him now represent the culmination of all the horror and repression that we have experienced in the last decade . The Berkeley City Council now has the opportunity to weigh in on the side of all that is right on the road to repairing the damage done to the world by the policies and the cover-ups of the last decade . For the greater good , Berkeley should ask the secretary of the Army , the Honorable John M. McHugh , and chief of staff of the Army , Gen. George W. Casey Jr. , to release Manning from pretrial confinement and drop the charges against him . If Manning is the whistle-blower , justice necessitated his actions . It 's irresponsible , premature to declare Manning a hero Gordon Wozniak was elected to the Berkeley City Council in 2002 . A retired nuclear chemist , he was a research scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory for more than 30 years . He was a commissioner on the city 's Planning Commission , Parks and Recreation Commission , and the Environmental Commission , and currently serves on the Alameda County Waste Management Authority . Yes , I am a City Council member in Berkeley , a place known for bucking the establishment and for opposing the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . I also oppose these wars , but unlike some of my colleagues in city government , I do not believe that Pfc. Bradley Manning should be declared a hero or freed from prison before all the evidence against him is presented in court . Manning is accused of disclosing classified information to WikiLeaks , including diplomatic cables and military logs of incidents in Afghanistan and Iraq . A military grand jury is investigating charges that he mishandled classified information in a way likely to cause injury to the United States . He is being held in military confinement pending trial . Berkeley 's Peace and Justice Commission has publicly proclaimed Manning a hero for releasing classified information about the wars it opposes . It 's odd enough to lionize someone accused of breaking the law and potentially putting individuals and our government in harm 's way . But the commission 's declaration is even odder in this case , because Manning has pleaded not guilty and denied the charges against him . What Berkeley 's commission members seem to have forgotten is that before their hero can be judged innocent or guilty , he deserves a fair trial with all the due process rights guaranteed by our Constitution . When Manning joined the Army , he swore to uphold the Constitution . He signed papers promising to keep secret all classified documents to which he had access . He was aware of the laws governing the unauthorized release of secret documents . If he stole classified documents and released them to WikiLeaks , he broke both his word and the law . If he did not like the war , the Army or the conduct of his country , there are ways to make his dissent known without breaking the law and damaging our country . To achieve peaceful solutions to international conflicts involves diplomacy , which requires confidential communications . Stealing and publishing secret diplomatic dispatches obviously harms this effort . Furthermore , publishing a secret list of vital infrastructure , from pipelines to smallpox-vaccine suppliers -- without regard for the potential consequences -- is deeply disturbing . The city of Berkeley has many important problems , including high taxes and unemployment , severe rates of property crime , a decaying physical infrastructure and location next to a major earthquake fault . In addition , it needs to improve the business climate to create more jobs and revenue for vital public services . Berkeley businesses were harmed by a boycott after the Marine Corps recruiting station was deemed "  unwelcome . " Now the Manning resolution has led people to call for a boycott again . In this difficult economic climate , the city 's business community can ill afford such bad publicity and associated financial losses . It was irresponsible and premature for the Peace and Justice Commission to recommend the release of Manning before hearing the evidence presented in his trial and the council should deny this resolution . The council should not encourage military personnel to leak classified material by declaring Manning a hero . Many young men and women are serving overseas in two very difficult wars with no defined front and an enemy who does not wear uniforms . Let us work together to resolve these conflicts honorably and welcome the troops home . The opinions expressed in these commentaries are solely those of the authors .	Bob Meola authored a resolution for Berkeley City Council calling Pfc. Bradley Manning a hero He says Manning , if he is source for WikiLeaks , deserves thanks for exposing official wrongdoing Berkeley City Council member Gordon Wozniak says Manning should have day in court He says passing resolution would encourage others to leak classified material
CNN  -- For centuries , Ras Al Khamiah was a strategic outpost along the ancient silk road trading route . Today , the northernmost of the seven emirates that make up the UAE is often overlooked alongside its extravagant neighbors of Dubai and Abu Dhabi . All that could be set to change , however , with the ruling Al Qasimi family set to make a big push in the region 's burgeoning residential and tourism sectors . See also : Visit the Abu Dhabi 's fantasy island International hotel brands such as Hilton and Rixos have moved in while developers are building luxury apartments and villas at a rapid pace . By the end of 2014 , Ras Al Khamiah  or RAK as it is often known  will have some 4,800 hotel rooms , a 60 % expansion from the start of last year . The government says occupancy is currently running at 73 % for beachfront resorts and revenue per room rose a solid 39 % in three years . Vice president of operations at Hilton , Christian Grage , believes these rising numbers are only the beginning of what 's possible in RAK . The Hotel giant has been in the emirate for more than a dozen years and opened a branch of the Waldorf Astoria there last August . "  We actually are not necessarily surprised about what has come , " Grage said . "  I would describe it as if you build it they will come . I think we have anticipated the opportunity . " Interactive : What country is the biggest investor in international property ? To help fill out RAKs new capacity , Air Arabia , a fast growing budget carrier , is set to move in to replace a struggling local airline . The hope is this partnership will help provide easy access to RAK from the likes of India and Saudi Arabia . A group of international travel experts , meanwhile , are fine tuning a grand master plan to ensure that demand is aligned with all the new hotel and residential inventory coming on stream . The first results of this strategy can be seen at the Al Hamra village where more than 1,000 luxury villas have been already sold to property investors from around the world . See also : Where is world 's most expensive luxury property ? With prices starting at $ 1.3 million at entry level and rising to $ 8 million at the top end , however , investment in Al Hamra does n't come cheap . These prices equate to a maximum price of $ 3,800 per square meter  $ 353 per sq ft  , but General Manager of the development , Benoy Kurien , said he is maintaining a sizable discount compared to prices in Dubai . "  This represents  20-30 % cheaper rates per square meter for any property you buy whether it 's an apartment or a villa and that is significant value without compromising , " Kurien said . The early signs are promising , but whether this rising emirate succeeds in its plans will depend on continued growth as new properties and facilities are completed .	The emirate of Ras Al Khamiah is undergoing a rapid luxury property transformation The northernmost emirate of the UAE is often overlooked alongside Dubai and Abu Dhabi International hotel brands and developers are flocking to RAK to build new facilities and residences
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey ordered the expulsion of Israel 's ambassador and other senior diplomats stationed there on Friday , a dramatic slap against its one-time close ally over its failure to apologize for a deadly raid last year on a Gaza-bound ship in a flotilla loaded with humanitarian aid . Low-level officials are allowed to stay , but others must leave by Wednesday , a Turkish official said . Turkey has been incensed with Israel after its commandos clashed with Turks on one of the flotilla ships , the Mavi Marmara , and killed nine people . This comes on the same day that U.N. released a report about the May 2010 raid . The document criticized Israel 's actions in the incident , even as it describes the Israeli naval blockade of Gaza as a "  legitimate security measure . " Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon received a copy of the report on Friday , a U.N. spokesman said . Eduardo del Buey , deputy spokesman for Ban , said the secretary-general regretted that the report did not bridge the gap between Turkey and Israel . Victoria Nuland , spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department , echoed that sentiment . "  We hope they will continue to look for opportunities to improve their long-standing relationship , and we will encourage both to work towards that end , " she said . Israel expressed its sorrow at the loss of life , but said it "  will not apologize for its soldiers taking action to defend their lives . As any other state , Israel has the right to defend its civilians and soldiers . " Israel 's blockade of Gaza is designed to prevent weapons from being smuggled to the territory , which is controlled by the anti-Israeli group Hamas . Gaza-based militants have been firing rockets into southern Israel and Israel has responded with military might . But Turkey has been strongly opposed to the Jewish state 's naval blockade of the Palestinian territory of Gaza because , an official said , Palestinians have suffered from the action and other Israeli policies in the densely-populated region . "  It is about time for the Israeli government to face the consequences of its illegitimate actions since it sees itself above international law and ignores human conscience and must pay a price , " Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Friday . "  This price will be , above all , the loss of Turkey 's friendship . " Turkey has been Israel 's closest and steadiest Muslim ally since the Jewish state was founded . The relationship has had political , economic and military components , and both countries have been stalwart Western allies during the Cold War and over the subsequent decades . In fact , trade has grown from 2008 to 2010 , according to Turkey 's economy ministry 's website . Turkey 's imports from Israel totaled $ 842 million from January to July in 2010 and $ 1.1 billion during the same period in 2011 . Turkey 's January to July exports to Israel was $ 1.1 billion in 2010 and $ 1.3 billion in 2011 . But ties between the nations have deteriorated during the administration of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan -- long critical of Israel 's policies in Gaza . Davutoglu said military agreements have been suspended . But a senior Turkish official said that existing contracts must be honored "  no matter what " and "  we have n't touched upon intelligence sharing . " Israel and Turkey have long had a close military relationship , but there have been no joint exercises for more than a year and a half amid tensions between both sides . The two countries have been negotiating for months in an attempt to improve their faltering relationship , but those efforts have failed . The release of the report was delayed while those negotiations continued . "  We 've waited and waited , " the senior Turkish official told CNN . "  There was almost an agreement that Netanyahu agreed upon ... They 're just wasting our time . " He was referring to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  This makes it official . Before it was de facto , there was nothing going on , but definitely there was contact , " said the official , who asked not to be named because of diplomatic protocol . One analyst said , "  Turkey has been warning Israel for months that it would do this and Israel chose to ignore it . " Hugh Pope , senior Turkey analyst with the International Crisis Group , argued that Turkey made a concession earlier this year , by preventing the Mavi Marmara from leading a second proposed blockade-busting flotilla to Gaza . Pope said Turkey 's stance on Israel could be risky in its relationship with the United States . But the country -- while critical of Israel and friendly with Iran , Israel 's arch-enemy -- has been firmly in the Western camp lately . "  At the moment , the U.S. seems to appreciate Turkey 's role in the region , " he said . Turkey has been an integral player in the allies ' efforts in Libya and in Syria . Also , its foreign ministry has confirmed to CNN that Turkey agreed "  in principle " to place a NATO long-range radar system on Turkish territory . "  Turkey 's hosting of this element will constitute its contribution to the defense system that was developed within the new strategic concept of NATO . It will strengthen the defense capacity of NATO and our national defense system , " the foreign ministry said . In contrast with Turkey 's official view , the U.N. report on the flotilla incident said that Israel 's naval blockade of Gaza was a "  legitimate security measure in order to prevent weapons from entering Gaza by sea . " But it criticized Israel 's actions on the ship , saying its "  decision to board the vessels with such substantial force at a great distance from the blockade zone and with no final warning immediately prior to the boarding was excessive and unreasonable . " "  Non-violent options should have been used in the first instance . In particular , clear prior warning that the vessels were to be boarded and a demonstration of dissuading force should have been given to avoid the type of confrontation that occurred . The operation should have reassessed its options when the resistance to the initial boarding attempt became apparent , " the report said . The report said the "  loss of life and injuries resulting from the use of force by Israeli forces " during the vessel 's takeover "  was unacceptable . " It said "  no satisfactory explanation " had been provided for the deaths . "  Forensic evidence showing that most of the deceased were shot multiple times , including in the back , or at close range has not been adequately accounted for in the material presented by Israel . " The report said there was "  significant mistreatment of passengers " by Israeli authorities . That took place from the takeover through deportation . "  This included physical mistreatment , harassment and intimidation , unjustified confiscation of belongings and the denial of timely consular assistance . " The report said "  the flotilla acted recklessly in attempting to breach the naval blockade , " adding that actions of the flotilla needlessly carried the potential of escalation . It said most flotilla participants "  had no violent intentions , " but there were questions about the objectives of the flotilla organizers , particularly the Turkish non-government organization , IHH . "  Israeli Defense Forces personnel faced significant , organized and violent resistance from a group of passengers when they boarded the Mavi Marmara requiring them to use force for their own protection . Three soldiers were captured , mistreated , and placed at risk by those passengers . Several others were wounded . " Davutoglu made reference to the U.N. report on Friday , saying it underscores Turkey 's position that crimes were committed by Israeli troops on the ship . However , he disagreed with the stance that the Israeli blockade is legal . The senior Turkish official said the U.N. report is political . The report is called the Palmer report , named after the chair of the panel of inquiry into the incident , Sir Geoffrey Palmer . "  We do n't recognize the so-called blockade out of Gaza . And we leave it at that , " the senior official said . "  We will try to pass some kind of resolution or decision saying it 's not legal . " He said Turkey is willing to help any legal challenges to the blockade . The Israeli government accepted the report -- with reservations . It said the decision to board the vessels was not excessive and unreasonable , claiming its troops gave repeated warnings to the ships , Netanyahu 's office said in a statement . Israeli soldiers ' lives were in immediate danger from passengers who carried metal bars , slingshots and chains . Several Israeli soldiers were wounded in the incident . "  Given these circumstances , Israel 's soldiers clearly acted in self-defense and responded reasonably , proportionally and with restraint , including the use of less-lethal weapons where feasible , " the Israeli leader 's office said . An Israeli official emphasized that the report not only confirms the blockade 's legality , it states there was no humanitarian problem in Gaza . The official added that anyone who wished to send humanitarian aid to Gaza needs to do it in coordination with Israel and the Palestinian Authority through the land crossings . The official said Israel hopes that there will be a way to overcome the controversy with Turkey and will continue to work toward that goal . "  As to the ambassador in Turkey , he had finished his posting a couple of days ago and had already said goodbye to his Turkish colleagues and was expected in Israel in the coming days , " the Israeli official said . The ambassador is Gabby Levy . CNN 's Yesim Comert , Ivan Watson , Michal Zippori , Richard Roth , Kevin Flower and Mick Krever contributed to this report	NEW : Soldiers acted in self-defense , Israel says NEW : The U.N. and U.S. regret a U.N. report did n't bridge the Israel-Turkey rift Turkey wants an apology from Israel over the flotilla raid Disagreements over Gaza have caused ties to deteriorate
Istanbul  CNN  -- The latest ISIS advance in Syria has brought a swath of the country 's north-central Kurdish region under siege , with Kurdish leaders warning of another humanitarian crisis without international intervention . The Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani  Ayn al-Arab in Arabic  is an island , surrounded by ISIS on three fronts and the Turkish border to the north . The town was already mostly blockaded by ISIS , but in the past three days some 60 nearby villages fell under ISIS control , according to the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or "  Islamic State , " as the group calls itself , took 39 villages on Friday alone as Kurdish forces withdrew from their positions , the Observatory said . Clashes are constant around Kobani as Kurdish fighters attempt to hold off ISIS , which is armed with heavy artillery and tanks , Kurdish activist Mostafa Baly told CNN . "  Mobilization of people in Kobani is not enough , " said Redur Xelil , a spokesman for the Kurdish fighters . "  The international community has to take action . If not , there will be a new  Sinjar  genocide , but this time in Kobani . " Sinjar is the Iraqi city that came under ISIS attack last month , causing thousands to flee onto adjacent Mount Sinjar , where refugees became stranded and were starving before U.S. airstrikes helped pave a way for them to flee . The fighting around Kobani has been intense for four days , Xelil told CNN . Masoud Barzani , the President of the Kurdish Region in Iraq , called the ISIS attacks in northern Syria "  barbaric " and described them as ethnic cleansing . "  I ask the international community to take every measure as soon as possible to save Kobani and the people of Syrian Kurdistan from the terrorists , " he said in a statement . "  The ISIS terrorists perpetrate crimes and atrocities wherever they are , therefore they have to be hit and defeated wherever they are . " As ISIS encroached on the nearby villages , residents fled toward Kobani , said Baly , the Kurdish activist . There were reports that ISIS kidnapped some of those fleeing to Kobani , including women , children and the elderly , Baly said . At least three rockets landed in Kobani , causing much panic , he said . "  There is a great deal of fear , but people are insisting on standing up to ISIS and remaining steadfast in the face of their attack , " he said . Turkey opens border The fear of a humanitarian crisis in Kobani rose as displaced people sought refuge there but became trapped between the fighting and the Turkish border . An estimated 3,000 to 4,000 Kurds fleeing the violence walked right up to the wire border fence with Turkey , where they initially were not allowed in . They just sat at the border as Turkish Kurds on the other side of the fence tried to persuade the Turkish guards to let them in . The situation on the border could be observed on a live feed from the border and from video footage aired on Turkish news outlets . The refugees also tried to force their way into Turkey , creating chaos as one woman stepped on a landmine . Turkey finally opened the border , relieving some of the mounting pressure in Kobani and allowing refugees to enter Sanliurfa province . "  Four thousand of our siblings will be hosted in our country , " Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told state media . "  Opening our arms to our Syrian brothers is our historic humanitarian responsibility . " Hosting Syrian refugees is nothing new for Turkey and other neighboring nations . About 815,000 registered Syrian refugees were in Turkey as of last month , part of the 3 million total registered Syrian refugees that the U.N. has counted amid Syria 's three-year civil war . A further 6.5 million people were believed to be displaced within Syria as of last month , according to the U.N. U.S. military on deck The U.S. Senate on Thursday voted overwhelmingly to approve the arming of Syrian rebels as top U.S. military leadership approved a plan to strike ISIS in Syria . The House approved Obama 's request Wednesday . The approval allows President Barack Obama to carry out part of his stated strategy to combat ISIS , though some political leaders remain divided on the way forward . With approval in hand to arm and train Syrian rebels to fight ISIS , Obama said Thursday the plan keeps with "  the key principle " of U.S. strategy : No American combat troops on the ground . "  The American troops deployed to Iraq do not and will not have a combat mission , " he said in televised remarks from the White House . "  Their mission is to advise and assist our partners on the ground . ... We can destroy ISIL without having our troops fight another ground war in the Middle East . " Obama said more than 40 countries , including Arab nations , have offered assistance in the battle against ISIS . Long vetting and training process National Security Adviser Susan Rice , speaking to reporters Friday , said that now that approval to arm moderate Syrian rebels has been given , a long process will start to vet and train those who will be benefit from the measure . U.S. military personnel will train the Syrian fighters outside of Syria , and the process of planning the training and vetting the participants will take months , she said . "  This is a serious training program , and we are serious about vetting those we are training and equipping , " she said . Rice stepped around questions about whether airstrikes against ISIS in Syria will require an additional thumbs-up from President Obama , repeating the President 's own announcement that the United States is "  prepared " to broaden its actions in the region into Syria . ISIS videos The advance by ISIS in northern Syria comes as the Islamist group released a 55-minute English-language video warning America against "  direct confrontation . " The video describes the conflict as a fight between believers and nonbelievers , and praises its successes on the battlefield . Earlier this week , ISIS released another video showing a captive British journalist criticizing the American and British governments . Citing the Sunni terror group 's brutality , from beheading civilians -- including American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff -- to the mass execution of its opponents , Obama said the United States will not back down . "  With their barbaric murder of two Americans , these terrorists thought they could frighten us or intimidate us or cause us to shrink from the world , " Obama said . "  But today , they are learning the same hard lesson of petty tyrants and terrorists who have gone before : As Americans , we do not give in to fear . When you harm our citizens , when you threaten the United States , when you threaten our allies , it does n't frighten us . It unites us . " The question now appears to be not if , but when , the United States will strike ISIS in its stronghold in northern Syria . The U.S. military has everything it needs to strike ISIS targets in Syria , a plan that officials told CNN is still waiting on Obama 's signoff . ISIS , meanwhile , is modifying its behavior , from the way it communicates to the way it conceals itself , in response to potential U.S. airstrikes in Syria , U.S. military officials told CNN . The officials expressed confidence the airstrikes would be effective . Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul , and Mariano Castillo wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Barbara Starr , Jason Hanna and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Group says ISIS has taken over 60 Kurdish villages in three days U.S. official says it will take months to train and vet Syrian rebels who will take part Kurdish leaders warn of humanitarian crisis without international help Turkey opens border for Kurdish refugees in northern Syria
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A truck carrying fireworks on an expressway bridge in central China exploded Friday , causing part of the bridge to collapse and sending dozens of vehicles plunging off the edge , authorities said . The exact number of casualties was n't immediately clear . Highway police in Henan province , where the explosion happened , said on their official microblog account that at least 11 people had been killed . But that post was later deleted and replaced with one that gave the lower total being reported by Xinhua , the official state news agency . By late Friday afternoon , Xinhua was citing local authorities as saying that eight people had been killed . The state-run China National Radio had earlier reported on its website that as many as 26 people had died in the disaster . It did n't say where it got the information from . Authorities have closed the expressway while search and rescue efforts are under way , Xinhua reported , and 13 injured people have been retrieved from the wreckage so far . At least 25 vehicles are believed to have fallen off the bridge to the ground about 30 meters  100 feet  below , Xinhua said . State broadcaster CCTV carried footage of a yawning gap in one part of the bridge , with mounds of debris , including rubble and parts of vehicles , spread out below Rescue workers in bright orange overalls clambered over upturned trucks , looking for survivors . Xinhua said an 80-meter  260-foot  stretch of the bridge had collapsed after the explosion , which occurred at 8:52 a.m. local time in Mianchi County . China 's fireworks tradition Fireworks are an enduring element of celebrations of the Lunar New Year in China , one of the country 's most important holidays that takes place this month . But they have been at the root of accidents in the past . In 2009 , fireworks set off a huge fire that gutted a brand-new hotel in central Beijing , briefly prompting calls for the return of a ban put in place at the height of Chairman Mao Zedong 's rule in the 1970s . According to local folklore , fireworks drive away monsters and evil spirits . But under Mao they were prohibited , ostensibly on the basis that they were "  bourgeois " and a "  waste of money . " Beijing authorities on Friday urged residents to set off fewer fireworks during this year 's Lunar New Year celebrations to avoid exacerbating the thick pollution that has cloaked the capital for much of the past month , Xinhua reported . CNN 's CY Xu in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : The latest death toll from state media is 8 NEW : 13 other people have been injured , state media say An 80-meter stretch of the bridge collapses after a truck carrying fireworks explodes Fireworks are a key part of Lunar New Year celebrations in China
Washington  CNN  -- Jewish voters , a typically reliable bloc for the Democratic Party , are now the focus of Democrats intent on keeping their support and Republicans who see an opportunity to pull them in after New York 's recent special congressional election . Longtime New York Democratic strategist Hank Sheinkopf said the election , in which a Republican won the historically Democratic district , was in part a reaction to the president 's approach to Israel . Sheinkopf said the contest served as a "  liberating device " for Jewish voters and not just Orthodox Jews , who tend to be more socially conservative . "  It is very unlikely he gets large portions of the pro-Israel community back ; it 's too late . Something extraordinarily miraculous would have to occur , " Sheinkopf said . "  There is a general sense of betrayal that this guy just does n't understand who these Jews are . "  He got his first warning , " Sheinkopf added . Signs of tension between the president and Jewish supporters surfaced before the New York election and are heightened with the spotlight on the annual meeting of the United Nations General Assembly in New York , in which Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas is expected to submit an application for statehood to the Security Council . Will the GOP push for Jewish votes pay off ? The Obama administration has vowed to veto the submission , affirming its longstanding backing for Israel , America 's strongest Middle East ally . But many Jews were angered over President Obama 's May speech in which he suggested that Israel return to pre-1967 borders with land swaps agreed upon by Israelis and Palestinians . The pre-1967 borders refer to Israel 's territory before the Six-Day War that year , in which Israel captured Gaza , the West Bank , East Jerusalem and other territory from neighboring countries . Israelis argue that returning to the former configuration would leave population centers vulnerable and displace settlers . The president 's statements were followed by an awkward meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , in which Netanyahu seemingly lectured Obama in the Oval Office , vowing that Israel would never return to the 1967 lines . In New York , Republican Bob Turner 's 8-percentage point victory over Democrat David Weprin in a district held by Democrats since 1923 brought a new focus on Jewish voters , who supported Obama 's presidential bid by an overwhelming 78 % in 2008 . The Democratic loss in the highly Jewish 9th congressional district comes as Obama 's polling numbers among Jewish voters , nationally and in New York , have declined . Rep. Anthony Weiner held the seat until he resigned in June after exchanging inappropriate images over social media . Fifty-four percent of Jewish Americans approved of Obama 's performance as president in September , compared with 60 % in June and 68 % in May , according to Gallup polling . A statewide New York poll taken by Siena College in August found Obama 's approval at 52 % among all Empire State voters and at 49 % among the state 's Jewish voters . Although Obama received a 67 % approval rating among Democrats in the state , he garnered 49 % approval from Jewish Democrats . Steve Greenberg , the Siena political poll spokesman , said that the president 's poll numbers "  should be better among Jewish voters " and that last week 's election proved that there are no safe districts for the president . "  Even in a safe Democratic district , Obama is not safe , and therefore he clearly has his work cut out for him , " Greenberg said . However , he said voters are looking at the president in a vacuum instead of against a Republican challenger , when he is likely to fare better , and he cautioned against using the special election as a barometer for the rest of the country . "  There are issues he 's got to work on over the next 14 months , but it 's not a crisis situation , " Greenberg said , pointing to the uniqueness of the district 's religious electorate , a third of whom are Orthodox Jews , and the heavy role Middle East politics played in the race . CNN exit polling says the national Jewish vote has not surpassed 4 % of the total vote in the past five presidential elections . However , a higher concentration of the Jewish population in key presidential voting states , including New York , New Jersey and Florida , could prove important for Democrats and Republicans in 2012 . Matt Brooks , executive director of the Republican Jewish Coalition , said the Obama administration 's policies toward Israel have left Jews "  concerned " ahead of the presidential election . He cited the president 's criticism of Israeli settlements , his disapproval over construction in Jerusalem and the 1967 border call as reasons for the ill will . "  Because of the failed policies and the harsh criticism as it relates to Israel ,  Obama has  got a real problem with Jewish voters across the country , " Brooks said , calling the New York election a bellwether for the rest of the country over Israel and the economy . "  I 'm confident that Republicans will continue to make inroads in 2012 in the Jewish community ... as Jewish voters move away from the Democratic Party , " Brooks said . On the other side of the aisle , the Democratic National Committee and the Obama White House are ramping up outreach efforts . In an e-mail to Jewish supporters , Ira Forman , Jewish outreach director for the Obama campaign , sought to "  set the record straight . " "  The other side is working hard to distort the President 's record , particularly when it comes to his strong support of Israel , " Forman wrote . "  To set the record straight , it 'll be up to supporters like us who know the truth to get the word out . " Ben Rhodes , deputy national security adviser for strategic communications at the White House , said the U.S. and Israel have stood together in "  unprecedented ways " during the Obama administration . At the White House on Friday , Rhodes said the United States has lent military assistance to Israel to protect itself from incoming missiles and rockets and stood up against the de-legitimization of Israel at the U.N. , among other steps . "  We 've got a very strong record of support for Israel that should be evident to anybody who shares our concern for the future security and prosperity of Israel , " Rhodes said . "  The security cooperation is evident ; the de-legitimization efforts by us to counter those de-legitimization efforts are evident . " Alan Solow , an outside adviser to the Obama campaign on Jewish issues , said the president 's political opponents are mischaracterizing his record on the Middle East . "  We ... need to fight back against those misrepresentations and clarify the record , " Solow said . "  We 'll go through some ups and downs as events occur , but I think in the end , our belief is that his percentage of the Jewish vote in 2012 will be very similar to what it was in 2008 . " David Harris , the executive director for the nonpartisan American Jewish Committee , doled out advice to Democrats and Republicans angling for Jewish support . Democrats need to better explain their Middle East positions to ensure that their support in the Jewish base does not wane , Harris said . "  They need to tell the story better , " Harris said . "  Do n't take your Jewish base for granted . " Meanwhile , Harris said , Republicans have an opportunity to make inroads in the Jewish community through an economic plan and Middle East policy . "  Jews are multi-issue voters . The notion they are single-issue voters is simply wrong , " Harris said . Jewish voters "  want to have a comfort level they want to believe in their kishkas , in their gut , that the person gets Israel , understands it , grasps why Israel is important to the United States . " CNN 's Robert Yoon , Dan Lothian , Meghan Rafferty , Jessica Yellin and Adam Aigner-Treworgy contributed to this report .	Obama "  got his first warning " in New York special election , strategist says Speech suggesting return to pre-1967 Israeli borders angered many Jews Republican 's surprise victory in New York election brought new attention to Jewish bloc Parties should focus on economic plan as well as Middle East , analyst says
New Delhi  CNN  -- A 14-year-old Indian actress , Taruni Sachdev , was among the passengers who died in Monday 's plane crash in Nepal , officials said . Jaikumar Thakur , a doctor at the Indian embassy in Kathmandu , told CNN that Sachdev was traveling with her mother , who also lost her life in the crash . The two were among 21 people on board a small plane that crashed after it was unable to land in a mountainous area of Nepal , killing 15 . The plane was about a mile from the airport at Jomsom , a popular tourist town in central Nepal , when it went down , said Purusottam Shakya , deputy director of air traffic service operations in Kathmandu . It was operated by Agni Air , a Nepalese carrier . Taruni shot to national fame for her role as a schoolgirl alongside India 's superstar Amitabh Bachchan and his son Abhishek in "  Paa "  Father  , a movie with disability as its theme . Amitabh , who played Abhishek 's son in the film , portrayed a child with a genetic condition that leads to premature ageing . "  Just reading that Tarini  Taruni  Sachdev the girl child artist in Paa , has perished in Nepal plane crash ... please God may this not be true , " Bachchan senior tweeted after the crash . Abhishek Bachchan also mourned the loss . "  SHOCKED and very saddened to hear about the Nepal plane crash . Lost 1 of my cutest co-stars . Little Taruni Sachdev from PAA . Speechless ... , " he said in a tweet . Taruni also starred in dozens of TV commercials .	Taruni 's mother also died in the crash The plane crashed Monday , killing 15 of 21 on board Taruni shot to fame after starring alongside superstar Amitabh Bachchan
CNN  -- A French man jailed for an alleged plot to kill Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in 2009 was deported to France on Saturday , a Venezuelan official said . Frederic Laurent Bouquet 's expulsion was announced via a tweet by Iris Varela , the minister for the prison system . "  Frederic Laurent Bouquet was sentenced to four years  in Venezuelan jail  , after confessing to plotting against Chavez . He had an arsenal in his possession " Varela tweeted . According to Venezuelan state-run National Radio and the state-run Venezuelan TV station , Bouquet was arrested in 2009 with three men from the Dominican Republic . He had multiple guns as well as explosives and other military gear with him , according to reports . "  This arrest is a serious blow to terrorism and to those groups that seek to drag into Venezuela scenes of blood and confrontation , " Tarek El Aissami , then-interior minister , told reporters at the time . El Aissami at the time said Bouquet had military experience and had spent some time in Israel . He also said Bouquet was presumed to be a French intelligence agent . In her tweet , Varela said Bouquet 's deportation complies with a Venezuelan law that allows the government to expel anyone who jeopardizes the security and defense of the nation .	Officials say Bouquet confessed to the plot They also allege he is a French intelligence agent He was sentenced to 4 years in jail
GUADALAJARA , Mexico  CNN  -- President Obama said Monday the United States remains Mexico 's partner in the fight against drug cartels , despite some calls in the United States to delay counter-narcotics aid because of alleged human rights violations by Mexican soldiers . President Obama speaks at a news conference in Guadalajara , Mexico , on Monday . Mexican President Felipe Calderon reaffirmed his commitment to transparency and human rights in his offensive against the cartels , Obama said . Some $ 100 million in anti-drug aid , known as the Merida Initiative , could be delayed because of concerns about human rights violations , it was reported last week . "  We have been very supportive of the Merida Initiative , and we remain supportive , " Obama said . Obama also said the United States would work to reduce demand for drugs and stop the illegal flow of weapons south to Mexico . The remarks came at a summit of North American leaders in Guadalajara , Mexico . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper also expressed support for Mexico 's strategy , saying that the drug cartels were a problem shared by all three countries . Turning to immigration , Obama said he is committed to "  fix the broken immigration system . " The three North American countries depend on their borders being safe and secure , Obama said , adding that he supports "  orderly and legal " migration , while respecting the American tradition of welcoming immigrants . He also responded to critics who say that the United States has not been forceful enough in demanding the return of ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya to power , calling them hypocritical . "  The same critics who say that the United States has not intervened enough in Honduras , are the same people who say that we 're always intervening and that Yankees need to get out of Latin America . You ca n't have it both ways , " Obama said . "  We have been very clear in our belief that President Zelaya was removed from office illegally , that it was a coup , and that he should return , " Obama said . The United Nations and Organization of American States , including the United States , have called for Zelaya 's return , but more than one month later , the interim government of Roberto Micheletti remains firm and talks between the two sides have so far been unsuccessful . Harper agreed with Obama 's stance . The United States has very clearly stated its position while letting a multilateral process take the lead , he said . "  That 's precisely what we want to see from the United States , " Harper said . Turning to trade , Obama said a "  Buy American " provision in his economic stimulus plan had little effect so far on the multibillion-dollar trade partnership with Canada . Obama told journalists that Harper has raised the issue every time they have met . Harper has complained the "  Buy American " provision is protectionist and could harm trade relations between the closely linked North American economies . "  This in no way this has endangered the billions of dollars of trade taking place between our two countries , " Obama said , standing beside Harper and Calderon at a final news conference . Harper responded to the same question by saying the leaders had a good discussion on the issue , and their respective trade ministers also were talking about it . Canada is the top trade partner of the United States , with cross-border commerce worth more than $ 1 billion a day . The $ 787-billion stimulus package enacted in February included a provision that only American goods be used in stimulus projects . It also stipulated that the measure would not override existing U.S. trade treaties such as the North American Free Trade Agreement . Obama also talked about comparisons between the U.S. and Canadian health care systems , saying Canada 's government-run health care model wo n't work in the United States . "  We 've got to develop a uniquely American approach to this problem , " he said . Opponents of health care legislation in the U.S. House and Senate say it will lead to a single-payer system like the government-run program in Canada , with some warning the Canadian system means restrictions on treatments and long delays . Obama noted the U.S. system is based on employers providing health insurance for most Americans . Throwing that out would be too radical an overhaul , he said . However , he said he expects opponents of health care legislation to continue to make what he called the misleading comparison between proposed U.S. legislation and Canada 's system . "  I suspect that you Canadians are going to continue to get dragged into the debate , " he said .	Obama : Mexico has reaffirmed commitment to human rights in drug fight U.S. president says he supports "  orderly and legal " immigration Obama rejects criticism of U.S. response to Honduran president 's ouster "  Buy American " push has n't hurt Canada , Obama says at three-country summit
President Barack Obama , flanked by the parents of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl at the White House on Saturday , praised the diplomatic officials and troops who helped secure the release of the American soldier held captive for nearly five years by militants during the Afghanistan war . Bergdahl was released in exchange for five Guantanamo detainees , officials said . The government of Qatar , which helped broker the release , pledged to "  put in place measures to protect our national security , " Obama said at the White House Rose Garden . "  While Bowe was gone , he was never forgotten , " the President said . Bergdahl 's mother , Jani , said , "  We will continue to stay strong for Bowe while he recovers . " Bob Bergdahl said he was not sure whether his son still speaks English and spoke at one point in what appeared to be Pashtun . "  I 'm your father , Bowe , " the father said . Members of the White House national security team -- including Chief of Staff Denis McDonough , National Security Adviser Susan Rice and counterterrorism adviser Lisa Monaco -- grew emotional when the parents thanked those who helped secure their son 's release . Bergdahl , the only remaining U.S. soldier captured during the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan , was recovered by U.S. special operations forces without incident about 10:30 a.m. ET at a "  pick-up " point in eastern Afghanistan , near the border with Pakistan , a senior Department of Defense official told CNN . There were 18 armed Taliban members present . Once he was on an American helicopter , Bergdahl , 28 , used a paper plate to communicate because of the noise . He wrote , "  SF ? " meaning , "  special forces ? " One of the operators sitting with Bergdahl responded loudly : "  Yes , we 've been looking for you for a long time , " according to the official . Bergdahl broke down crying . ` Can not wait to wrap our arms around our only son ' Earlier , the White House said in a statement , "  Today the American people are pleased that we will be able to welcome home Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl . " Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said that he had informed Congress of the decision to transfer five detainees from Guantanamo Bay to Qatar in exchange for Bergdahl , who was the only remaining American soldier captured from conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . After Bergdahl was handed over , a series of secret procedures were set in motion so each side knew the other was living up to the bargain , according to U.S. Defense officials . Qatari officials were already at Guantanamo and took custody of the detainees . They assured the Taliban that the detainees would be flown to Qatar . The Afghan Taliban issued a statement on its website in Arabic and Pashto announcing with "  great happiness and joy " the exchange of Bergdahl for five of its imprisoned senior leaders . It said , "  The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan was and has been for a long time attempting to free all the imprisoned Afghan prisoners inside and outside the country . " "  Sgt. Bergdahl is now under the care of the U.S. military after being handed over by his captors in Afghanistan , " Hagel said . "  We will give him all the support he needs to help him recover from this ordeal , and we are grateful that he will soon be reunited with his family . " Bergdahl 's parents happened to still be in Washington , having visited for Memorial Day . They said in an earlier statement : "  We were so joyful and relieved when President  Barack  Obama called us today to give us the news that Bowe is finally coming home ! We can not wait to wrap our arms around our only son . We want to thank Bowe 's many supporters in Idaho , around the nation and around the world . We thank the Amir of Qatar for his efforts . And of course , we want to take this opportunity to thank all those in the many U.S. Government agencies who never gave up . Today , we are ecstatic ! " Secretary of State John Kerry said the "  cost of years of captivity to Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl and his family is immeasurable . " ` Appropriate assurances ' over five detainees In exchange for Bergdahl 's release , five detainees at Guantanamo Bay will be released to Qatar , authorities said . The United States has "  appropriate assurances " that Qatar will be able to secure the detainees there , where they are under a travel ban for a year . A U.S. Air Force aircraft carrying the detainees left the U.S. Navy base in Cuba on Saturday afternoon , a senior Defense official told CNN . Bergdahl was first transferred to Bagram Airfield , the main U.S. base in Afghanistan , for medical evaluation . "  His health is our number one priority at this time , " a senior U.S. defense official said . Saturday night , Bergdahl was en route from Bagram to Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany , a senior defense official told reporters traveling with Hagel . His "  reintegration process " will include "  time for him to tell his story , decompress , and to reconnect with his family through telephone calls and video conferences . At this time we believe that he will physically reunite with his family in Texas , " the official said . Hagel said the United States "  coordinated closely with Qatar to ensure that security measures are in place and the national security of the United States will not be compromised . " The United States believes Bergdahl had been held for the bulk of his captivity in Pakistan , the official said . It was unclear when he was moved to Afghanistan . The U.S. government acknowledged in May 2012 that it was engaged in talks with the Taliban to free Bergdahl . Saturday 's transfer was brokered through the local Qatari government , the official said , after talks that began about a week ago . U.S. officials had said this year that one route to getting Bergdahl back was through Qatari officials , who had been talking to the Taliban . But Bergdahl was believed to be held by operatives from the Haqqani network , an insurgent force affiliated with the Taliban and al Qaeda , and it was not clear whether Haqqani operatives would abide by any agreement among the United States , Qatar and the Taliban . An Afghan Taliban commander , not authorized to speak to the media , confirmed to CNN that Bergdahl was captured by the Afghan Taliban with links to the Haqqani network in Pakistan . Over the years , the captive was transferred back and forth between Afghanistan and Pakistan . Bergdahl was deployed to Afghanistan in May 2009 . He was 23 when he was captured by the Taliban after finishing a guard shift at a combat outpost on June 30 , 2009 , in Paktika province . Fast Facts : Bowe Bergdahl In July of that year , a U.S. military official said the soldier was being held by the clan of warlord Siraj Haqqani . Critics question the negotiations The United States has long declared that it wo n't negotiate with groups linked to terrorists , but analysts have said the United States has effectively maneuvered around the edges of that declaration over the years . "  As the administration has repeatedly affirmed , we will not transfer any detainee from Guantanamo unless the threat the detainee may pose to the United States can be sufficiently mitigated and only when consistent with our humane treatment policy , " a senior administration official told CNN , adding that the detainees will be "  subject to restrictions on their movement and activities . " Arizona Sen. John McCain , a former POW , in a statement called the released detainees "  hardened terrorists who have the blood of Americans and countless Afghans on their hands . " "  I am eager to learn what precise steps are being taken to ensure that these vicious and violent Taliban extremists never return to the fight against the United States and our partners or engage in any activities that can threaten the prospects for peace and security in Afghanistan , " he said . "  The American people , and our Afghan partners , deserve nothing less . " A senior administration official told CNN , "  With regard to whether or not we 're negotiating with terrorists : Sergeant Bergdahl is a member of the military who was detained during the course of an armed conflict . The transfer of these individuals is not a concession -- it is fully in line with the President 's goal of closing the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay . " The Taliban had long demanded the release of five detainees at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . But U.S. officials said that releasing them would be difficult because Congress would have to be notified in advance , and lawmakers have previously resisted releasing them . NATO leaders signed off last week on Obama 's exit strategy from Afghanistan that calls for an end to combat operations next year and the withdrawal of the U.S.-led international military force by the end of 2014 . Bergdahl , of Wood River Valley , Idaho , appeared in diminished health in a video that the U.S. military obtained in January . His family also received a letter from him last year via the Red Cross .	Obama , parents thank those who arranged for release Plane carrying detainees leaves Navy base in Cuba American soldier captured by Taliban in June 2009 Five detainees are being sent from Guantanamo to Qatar in exchange
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The fragile relationship between China and Japan came under fresh strain Tuesday as ships from both sides crowded into the waters around a disputed group of islands and nearly 170 Japanese lawmakers visited a controversial war memorial . The Japanese Coast Guard said eight Chinese government ships had entered waters near the contested islands in the East China Sea on Tuesday morning , the largest number to do so at any one time since tensions surrounding the territorial dispute escalated last year . China said its ships were there to monitor the movements of Japanese vessels in the area after a Japanese nationalist group chartered a flotilla of fishing boats to take dozens of activists there . The Japanese foreign ministry responded by summoning the Chinese ambassador in Tokyo to lodge a strong protest about the Chinese ships ' presence near the uninhabited islands that lie between Okinawa and Taiwan and are known as Senkaku in Japanese and Diaoyu in Chinese . The Chinese ambassador , Cheng Yonghua , retorted that it was the Japanese vessels that were intruding in Chinese territory . Will radar-rattling turn to conflict ? A day earlier , Beijing had protested to Tokyo about a visit at the weekend by three Japanese cabinet ministers to the Yasukuni Shrine in Tokyo , which honors Japanese people killed while fighting for their country , including convicted war criminals . Countries that suffered heavily at the hands of the Japanese military before and during World War II , such as China and South Korea , consider the shrine as an emblem of that aggressive period in Japanese history . But China 's representations failed to deter 168 Japanese members of parliament from visiting the shrine on Tuesday to pay their respects to the war dead , the most to do so in recent years . How a remote rock split China and Japan New men in charge New leaders have taken office in both countries in the past few months : Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Japan and President Xi Jinping in China . They inherited a highly delicate situation concerning the disputed islands that analysts have warned could spiral out of control -- a concern for the United States , which has a mutual security treaty with Japan . "  Despite expressions by both governments that they wish to avoid a war , potential for escalation has increased and there is deepening pessimism on both sides over the prospects of a peaceful settlement , " the International Crisis Group said in a report this month on the tensions between Japan and China . "  Tokyo and Beijing urgently need to work toward establishing communication mechanisms and strengthening crisis mitigation in order to avoid a larger conflict , " the report said . In an indication of the strong stances both sides are taking on the matter , Abe said Tuesday in parliament that any attempt to land on the islands by China would be repelled "  by force . " Games of cat and mouse The relationship between the two nations deteriorated severely in September , when the Japanese government bought several of the islands from a private owner , angering Chinese authorities and provoking a spate of sometimes violent anti-Japanese demonstrations in many Chinese cities . Since then , the situation has calmed somewhat , but Chinese government ships have continued to frequently sail near the islands , engaging in maritime games of cat and mouse with Japanese Coast Guard vessels . Chinese planes have also flown through the area , prompting Japan to scramble fighter jets . Both countries claim sovereignty over the remote , rocky islands , which are near important shipping lanes , rich fishing grounds and possible mineral deposits . Japan currently administers the area , but since September , China has mounted a concerted campaign to try to change the situation . It says its ships that enter the waters around the islands are conducting routine patrols of Chinese territory . But Japan says they are intruding in its territorial waters . In the repeated standoffs that result , both sides broadcast warnings to each other 's vessels , ordering them to leave the area that they both claim . Nationalists ' publicity stunt The Japanese nationalist group known as Ganbare Nippon this week sent 10 fishing boats carrying dozens of its members to the area around the islands . A representative for the group , Yasushi Watanabe , said the voyage -- the third by Ganbare Nippon this year -- was aimed at publicizing Japan 's territorial claim to the area , not at landing on the islands . China 's State Oceanic Administration  SOA  said Tuesday that three marine surveillance ships on "  regular patrol duty " in the area noticed several Japanese ships near the islands , according to the state-run news agency Xinhua . The SOA said that it dispatched five more ships to join its three vessels near the islands . Together , the eight Chinese ships "  monitored the Japanese ships from different angles , " it said . The Japanese Coast Guard said that its vessels had told the Chinese surveillance ships to leave the area , but that they had responded by saying that they were patrolling Chinese territory . Ganbare Nippon later said its ships had all left the area around the islands . The weight of history The competing claims to the islands are intertwined with the region 's complex history . "  Due to the brutal Japanese occupation of China in the 1930s , sentiments over the status of the Diaoyu/Senkaku Islands run deeper in the Chinese psyche than any other territorial dispute in modern Chinese history , with the exception of Taiwan , " the International Crisis Group said in its report this month . China says its sovereignty over the area extends back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . INTERACTIVE : Asia 's disputed islands -- who claims what ? CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Iwaki , Japan . CNN 's Aliza Kassim in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : A group of boats carrying Japanese nationalists has since left the area The number of Chinese ships near the disputed islands is the largest yet , Japan says The "  potential for escalation has increased , " a recent analysis says Nearly 170 Japanese lawmakers visit a controversial war memorial
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration announced Tuesday that it approved the availability of the Plan B One-Step emergency contraception pill without a prescription for women 15 and older . This move comes just weeks after a federal judge in Brooklyn , New York , ordered the FDA to make the morning-after birth control pill available to women of any age , without a prescription . Tuesday 's FDA announcement , which pertains to an application from Teva Women 's Health , Inc. , is not related to that , the FDA said . "  The FDA 's approval of Teva 's current application for Plan B One-Step is independent of that litigation and this decision is not intended to address the judge 's ruling , " the FDA said in a statement . In early April , the U.S. Justice Department indicated an appeal of the Brooklyn judge 's order was under consideration . "  The Department of Justice is reviewing the appellate options and expects to act promptly , " department spokeswoman Allison Price said . According to the new FDA decision , Plan B One-Step will now be labeled to reflect that proof of age is required to purchase it , and it can not be sold where age can not be verified . The packaging will include a product code that prompts the cashier to ask and verify the age of the customer . The product will be available in retail outlets with pharmacies , but the pill can be sold during non-pharmacy hours , too . "  While we fully support this expansion of access to birth control , we continue to believe that the administration should lift all unnecessary restrictions to emergency contraception , consistent with the prevailing science and medicine , " Planned Parenthood Federation of America President Cecile Richards said Tuesday in a statement . The FDA decision does not pertain to the two other emergency contraceptive drugs marketed in the United States . Plan B is available from generic manufacturers over-the-counter for women 17 and older and Ella is available by prescription only , for all ages , and prevents pregnancy within five days of unprotected sex or contraceptive failure . "  Research has shown that access to emergency contraceptive products has the potential to further decrease the rate of unintended pregnancies in the United States , " said FDA Commissioner Dr. Margaret A. Hamburg in a statement . "  The data reviewed by the agency demonstrated that women 15 years of age and older were able to understand how Plan B One-Step works , how to use it properly , and that it does not prevent the transmission of a sexually transmitted disease . " None of these products protect against sexually transmitted diseases . Controversy surrounding emergency contraception in the United States has lasted more than just one morning . The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommended last year that oral contraceptives be sold over the counter in an effort to reduce the number of unintended pregnancies in the United States . Opponents of prescription requirements say prescriptions can delay access to the drug . In 2011 , Teva Women 's Health Inc. , maker of Plan B One-Step , had asked the FDA to make the drug available without prescription to all sexually active girls and women . Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius overruled the FDA 's recommendation in 2011 , saying , "  I do not believe enough data were presented to support the application . " She mandated requiring a prescription for girls under 17 . In early April , U.S. District Court Judge Edward Korman said in his order , "  The decisions of the Secretary with respect to Plan B One-Step and that of the FDA with respect to the Citizen Petition , which it had no choice but to deny , were arbitrary , capricious , and unreasonable . " Korman 's order sparked praise among supporters of the morning-after pill for all ages , such as the Center for Reproductive Rights , which had launched a relevant lawsuit . Nancy Northup , the center 's president and CEO , said in a statement about that order : "  This landmark court decision has struck a huge blow to the deep-seated discrimination that has for too long denied women access to a full range of safe and effective birth control methods . " But other groups , including the Family Research Council , expressed concerns about Korman 's order . "  There is a real danger that Plan B may be given to young girls , under coercion or without their consent . The involvement of parents and medical professionals act as a safeguard for these young girls . However , today 's ruling removes these common-sense protections , " Anna Higgins , director of the organization 's Center for Human Dignity , said in a statement . The FDA approved Plan B in 1999 . The key ingredient in Plan B is a synthetic hormone called levonorgestrel . This drug stops an egg from being released from the ovary , or preventing fertilization of the egg by sperm . If there has been fertilization , Plan B may prevent a fertilized egg from embedding in the uterus . But if the egg has already been implanted in the uterus , the morning-after pill will not work . Emergency contraceptives are intended for use within 72 hours after sex but are most effective if taken within 24 hours . Many developed countries require a prescription for oral contraceptives , including Canada and most of Europe , but other countries sell the pill without a prescription even formally or informally . A 2012 study in the journal Pediatrics found that there is misinformation about emergency contraception , including about what age women can obtain it without a prescription , and who can take it in general . The morning-after pill goes for about $ 50 , said Susannah Baruch , interim president and CEO of Reproductive Health Technologies Project .	NEW : FDA : Morning-after pill can be sold over-the-counter to women 15 and older New decision is not related to litigation surrounding Brooklyn judge 's order Previously , the morning-after pill required a prescription for women 17 and older
EW.com  -- Three big names have just signed on for guest roles in Mindy Kaling 's promising Fox comedy pilot . In the as-yet-untitled show , Kaling plays a Bridget-Jones type OB/GYN trying to navigate her personal and professional life . Here 's the scoop : First , Kaling 's "  The Office " co-star Ed Helms is in the show as a potential love interest . He 'll play Dennis , a Wall Street analyst who goes on a blind date with Kaling 's character Mira . Next , "  Saturday Night Live " and "  Superbad " veteran Bill Hader has joined the pilot to play Kaling 's ex-boyfriend Tom . He 's described as "  upbeat , humble , almost infinitely appealing boy-next-door type who has such perfect chemistry with Kaling 's character that it feels nearly too good to be true . Mira sees him as the living breathing equivalent of an early 80 's Tom Hanks . " And finally , "  West Wing " veteran Richard Schiff will appear in the episode , too , as a former free spirit who 's now "  a menschy but accomplished OBGYN . " The character "  makes up Yiddish stuff hoping no one will catch him , is terrible with technology and tells stories about the 60s and 70s . " If the Universal Television-produced pilot gets a series greenlight , Kaling might exit NBC 's "  The Office . " In other "  Office " news , the show is seeking a new showrunner as Paul Lieberstein  who also plays Toby  seeks to focus on the planned spinoff . See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ed Helms and Bill Hader will join a new Fox comedy by Mindy Kaling In the untitled show , Kaling plays a Bridget-Jones type OB/GYN "  West Wing " veteran Richard Schiff will appear in the pilot
CNN  -- Sen. Rick Santorum , who is campaigning to become America 's second Catholic president , disagrees from the bottom of his gut with the first Catholic to hold the office . In October , he told a Catholic university audience that when he read the 1960 speech in which John F. Kennedy said : "  I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute , " he "  almost threw up . " More recently , he elaborated on his dyspeptic condition in an ABC television interview , calling JFK 's credo "  an absolutist doctrine that was abhorrent at the time of 1960 . " But the Baptist ministers who witnessed Kennedy 's speech surely felt differently . In the 1960s , evangelical leaders were not concerned that Kennedy was too secular ; they were concerned that he was too Catholic . For most of American history , the Protestant majority has regarded Catholics with deep suspicion . Many of the 13 colonies banned Catholics from public office and prohibited Catholic rituals . Priests were banished and sometimes executed . After independence , the Constitution protected Catholics from the worst persecutions of the Colonial period , but discrimination persisted , and anti-Catholic paranoia raged with an intensity that would have made Glenn Beck blush . One popular book , "  Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States , " warned of a secret Jesuit plot to deliver America to the Austrian empire . Its author was Samuel Morse , co-inventor of the telegraph . Such fears diminished as Catholic immigrants assimilated in the 20th century , but many Protestants remained hostile toward Catholic politicians . During JFK 's presidential campaign , the Department of Justice documented 144 producers of anti-Catholic campaign literature . The pamphlets warned of Vatican influence over American policy and the prospect of state-funded Catholic schools . Most of the opposition came from evangelical groups like the National Association of Evangelicals and the Southern Baptist Convention . In the face of unrelenting hostility , Kennedy decided to address concerns about his religion directly . Speaking to a group of Baptist ministers in Houston , he reassured them : "  I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute , where no Catholic prelate would tell the president -- should he be Catholic -- how to act , and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom to vote , where no church or church school is granted any public funds or political preference , and where no man is denied public office merely because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him , or the people who might elect him . " Perhaps Rick Santorum 's father , an Italian immigrant who came to the United States in 1930 , heard these words and understood the prejudice that JFK struggled against . But Rick Santorum was only 2 years old when they were spoken . If he has any memory of Catholics ' difficult history in this country , he does not publicize it . Nor do other Catholic champions of the religious right in their determination to wash away the old hostilities that divided American Christianity . Evangelicals and Catholics began collaborating politically in the late 1970s . The architect behind their reconciliation was a political strategist named Paul Weyrich . Frustrated by the Republican Party 's preoccupation with business interests , Weyrich sought to reorient the party toward religious and cultural issues . To this end , he founded the Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank , and the Moral Majority , the first organization to represent what we now call the religious right . Weyrich , a Melkite Greek Catholic , knew that a Catholic leader would not appeal to evangelicals , so he tried to recruit televangelist Pat Robertson to lead his cause . When Robertson turned him down , Weyrich enlisted the Rev. Jerry Falwell . Falwell would later say that Catholics and evangelicals found common ground in their opposition to abortion , but Weyrich remembered it somewhat differently . He had tried to mobilize evangelicals over abortion and failed . Most Protestants regarded abortion as a "  Catholic issue , " and many prominent Baptist leaders had even endorsed the Roe v. Wade decision . What actually brought Catholics and evangelicals together was a common enemy . This imaginary enemy has gone by many names . In the 1970s and '80s , it was known as "  secular humanism , " a fiendish anti-religious movement that had supposedly taken over the schools , the courts , the media and the government . In the 1990s , it was called "  political correctness , " and rampaged through the universities . When Bill O'Reilly of Fox News announced that Christmas was under siege in 2004 , he blamed "  secular progressives " in the media . Meanwhile , Rick Santorum decries "  cultural liberalism " and warns that the government is trying to destroy religious freedom by forcing Catholic organizations to insure birth control . Regardless of the name , the supposed enemy 's goals remain the same : to eradicate Christianity from the public sphere and replace traditional Judeo-Christian values with a liberal agenda . Its agents are progressive politicians , journalists , professors and nonprofit organizations . Its creed is the separation of church and state that JFK once appealed to in his campaign to become the first Catholic president . The construction of such a villain has been devastatingly effective in uniting the religious right . The same evangelical groups that once attacked JFK as an agent of the pope have become the foundation of Santorum 's support in the Republic primary , and his only rival for their vote is fellow Catholic Newt Gingrich . Times have changed . But should Santorum and his conservative Catholic allies succeed in breaking down the barriers between state and religion , they may reap a bitter fruit . For without the secular menace to distract Protestants from their doctrinal differences with Catholics , the old enmities may rise again . And just as religious right leaders seldom extend their demands for religious freedom to Muslims and other non-Christian religions , Catholics might one day find the freedoms that they have come to take for granted are no longer assured . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Wolraich .	Michael Wolraich : Protestants were deeply wary of Catholics for most of U.S. history In 1960 , he writes , evangelicals feared JFK 's Catholicism more than secularism Wolraich : But a common enemy , secular authority , has united evangelicals and Catholics Doctrinal divisions could rise again , he says , and put Catholics on the defensive
Washington  CNN  -- It 's the oldest trick in the political playbook : Call together a "  summit " of fancy people so you 'll appear to be focused on work that must get done . Thursday , the White House convened CEOs from companies such as Boeing , AT&T , Comcast and Dow Corning , top leaders of the United Steelworkers , United Food and Commercial Workers , American Federation of Teachers unions , Ivy League academics and a few small-business representatives to brainstorm how the country might generate much-needed jobs . A schmooze-fest is nice , but the hard work of putting America back to work will be done by entrepreneurs , not the leaders of the biggest companies in the nation and the heads of big unions . The mom-and-pop shops , garage start-ups and small businesses across the country will put Americans back on the payroll . According to the Census Bureau , nearly all net job creation in the U.S. since 1980 has been generated by firms operating less than five years . This means that our job generators are likely not on the White House guest list . They are home working long hours to meet payrolls on tight deadlines and scraping by with limited resources . While others can advocate for the merits of entrepreneurship , and will hopefully do so , our job creators are strangely left out . Innovators from Oregon to Tennessee are the ones who will generate new jobs . Commerce Department data show that small companies represent 99.1 percent of all employer firms  a firm is an aggregation of all establishments owned by a parent company , even in multiple locations .  . They pay nearly 45 percent of U.S. private payroll and have generated 60 to 80 percent of net new jobs annually over the past decade . A few start-ups from the last century may be familiar : Disney , Burger King , Fed-Ex , CNN and Microsoft all started during a period of economic downturn . Today , each of these companies employs thousands of people in the U.S. and abroad . Recent research shows that more than half of the 2009 Fortune 500 companies were launched during a recession or bear market . In 2002 , when the tech bubble burst , I graduated from business school just a few miles from Google . The start-up was a mysterious algorithm-based business , little known and lesser understood . Today , Google employs 20,000 people worldwide . So the question is how can we foster the next Google ? Policy-makers ca n't predict breakthrough technologies , but they can create an environment that will encourage innovation . How to start ? First , provide further access to capital . Last week , two Small Business Administration stimulus provisions that helped to get millions of dollars to small-business owners ran out of funding . The provisions , passed as part of the Recovery Act , raised the maximum guarantee on SBA loans to 90 percent and reduced or eliminated fees associated with the loans , making it more attractive for banks to lend during the downturn . Access to capital is the lifeblood of small businesses . We must renew these provisions and provide even greater access to credit . Helping fledgling companies grow fuels the economy from the bottom up . Second , welcome immigrants who are job generators . We are a country of immigrants , and yet in recent years , we have made it incredibly difficult for immigrants to launch companies in the U.S. . Why not create a new visa for entrepreneurs ? Increasingly venture capitalists , angel investors and innovators are advocating a "  start-up visa " offered to immigrant entrepreneurs who want to start a company in the United States . In 2008 , nearly 40 percent of technology company founders were foreign-born ; 52 percent of Silicon Valley company founders were foreign-born , including the founders of Google , Yahoo , eBay and Intel , to name a few . Why chase these innovators away when we need jobs and should be hanging an "  innovators wanted " sign on our front door ? Third , match funds for early investors . Early investors need incentives to put money behind companies that will create U.S. jobs . We have channeled billions of dollars to preserve "  too big to fail " institutions . Why not make federal matching dollars available to catalyze smart investment in next generation businesses ? Investors could keep their normal returns and a share of returns on federal matching funds could go back to the government to further revitalize our weakened economy . Instead of preserving outdated jobs , we need to fuel the creation of future employment prospects . Early-stage investors with a track record of success can help make this happen . Obama came into office on an entrepreneurial platform . His campaign catalyzed involvement at the grassroots level . Tapping into new technologies such as YouTube , Facebook and other social networks , our president benefited from entrepreneurial advances . It is time for the White House to return to its campaign roots . Since Obama 's inauguration , our unemployment rate has risen from 7.6 percent to 10.2 percent . It is time to stop propping up outmoded and overleveraged institutions and start betting on the new men and women who offer hope for greater prosperity . Supporting entrepreneurs is change we can believe in . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy M. Wilkinson .	Amy M. Wilkinson says Obama 's summit had mostly CEOs , union reps , academics But , she says , most job creation in the U.S. since 1980 has been from start-up firms Wilkinson : Government funds and policies should target entrepreneurs
CNN  -- A Dallas Cowboys scouting assistant suffered a broken back and has been permanently paralyzed after the collapse of the team 's practice canopy during a heavy thunderstorm , the Cowboys announced Sunday . An aerial view of the scene shows the Dallas Cowboys logo amid the ruins of the indoor practice facility . Rich Behm , 33 , was one of three Cowboys staffers seriously hurt when the storm struck their practice facility Saturday afternoon . Behm 's spinal cord was severed by a fractured vertebrae , paralyzing him from the waist down , the team said in a written statement . "  To the Behm family , we extend our love , comfort and the full support of every person and resource within the organization , " Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said . "  Rich is a courageous member of our family and someone for whom we care deeply . We ask for all friends and fans of the Dallas Cowboys to join us in embracing him and his family with their thoughts and prayers at this very difficult time , " Jones said . A total of 12 people were hurt when a severe thunderstorm knocked down the air-supported , metal frame structure that covered the team 's practice field . About 70 people , including more than two dozen of the team 's rookies , were in the facility when it was blown down . Cowboys special teams coach Joe DeCamillis had a fractured cervical vertebra , while assistant trainer Greg Gaither had two broken bones in his leg , the team said . Watch CNN 's Don Lemon with update on conditions of those injured in collapse " A line of heavy thunderstorms was moving through the Dallas area at the time , but no other damage to buildings was reported , said Mike Adams , a dispatcher for the Irving , Texas , Fire Department . Watch the roof collapse on players , coaches " Arnold Payne , a photographer for WFAA , was shooting the Cowboys ' practice session Saturday when rain began falling "  tremendously hard . " "  I noticed the walls started to waver ... and then I noticed that the lights that were hanging from the ceiling started to sway , and it would n't stop , " Payne told CNN . Shortly after that , he said , "  It was as if someone took a stick pin and hit a balloon . " Watch Payne describe being inside when structure collapsed " Payne said Cowboys staff photographers were up in the metal framework beneath the canopy to film the practice session and "  actually rode the building down with the storm . " "  There was nowhere for them to go , and it fell so fast -- it just collapsed as if it was being imploded , " Payne said . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Rich Behm one of three Cowboys staffers seriously hurt Saturday Behm 's spinal cord severed by a fractured vertebrae , paralyzing him from waist down Canopy over Dallas Cowboys ' practice facility collapsed during thunderstorm Team photographers were up in framework of structure , rode it down , witness says
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- In September of 2005 , no one could have anticipated what we saw in New Orleans last week . What happened on the football field and parade route after the Saints ' Super Bowl victory is amazing and uplifting . But what 's happening elsewhere in New Orleans also rises to that standard . Consider the following : The day before the Super Bowl , New Orleans participated in a historic mayoral election , as Lt. Gov. Mitch Landrieu won a stunning 66-percent of the vote , with unprecedented support among all races . African-American candidates also won down-ballot races with majority white support , casting a blow to the notion that New Orleans politics and culture are mired in racial tension . Just weeks before , federal arbitrators awarded $ 475 million to Louisiana for the replacement of Charity Hospital in downtown New Orleans which makes way for a multibillion dollar medical corridor that is being billed as the largest development project in the city 's history . And in late 2009 , a federal judge ruled that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ' mismanagement at the Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet was the cause for flood damage in the Lower Ninth Ward and St. Bernard Parish following Hurricanes Katrina and Rita . Damages paid to local governments and residents will exceed $ 1 billion . These judgments validate many locals ' beliefs that the flooding of 80 percent of New Orleans and the billions of dollars in damage were caused more by massive engineering failures than a natural disaster . To that point , the government is working on a $ 15 billion upgrade to the region 's 220-plus miles of levees and flood walls that , when completed , will allow them to withstand a storm with a strength level that occurs roughly once every 100 years . Even today , experts will tell you the levees are better than they were before Hurricane Katrina . Additionally , the population is nearing 80 percent of pre-Katrina levels , in part due to hardworking residents who came back and a new crop of younger , entrepreneurial transplants moving to the city to be part of what is going on here . The New Orleans economy is bearing the recession better than most , evidenced in one of the lowest unemployment rates of any major metropolitan area in the country . Also , the city now has a bond rating that is investment-grade , which should free up access to tens of millions of dollars for infrastructure improvements . One of the brightest spots in post-Katrina New Orleans has been in education . In Orleans Parish , academic performance scores in the school district have risen nearly 25 percent . The school system looks to get a ten-figure lump-sum settlement to rebuild school properties across the city . And with over half of its students in charter schools and a large and influential Teach for America corps , New Orleans has become a laboratory and model for education reform . All of this is not to say that everything is going perfectly in New Orleans . Mayor-elect Mitch Landrieu and New Orleanians still have remarkable challenges to tackle and tough decisions to make -- including reducing violent crime , eliminating blighted housing , continuing to rebuild communities and business , and restoring wetlands that provide much needed storm protection . But there is a unity of purpose  thanks in large part to the Saints  that was n't there even six months ago . The recovery and rebirth includes citizen-driven reform of local government -- a government once marked by corruption , nepotism , incompetence and the like . New Orleanians voted to consolidate the seven assessor 's offices , the criminal and civil sheriffs , and the various levee boards . But most importantly , New Orleanians elected an outstanding man as mayor this past Saturday to lead the next phase of recovery . The mayoral election was nothing short of staggering , and the confluence of the Saints win and the historic mayoral election , lined up for the city 's best two days since the Battle of New Orleans in 1815 . Landrieu was elected in the primary  there will be no runoff  with 66 percent of the vote , including 63 percent of African-Americans and 70 percent of white voters . To say this broad support is unprecedented would be a gross understatement . Landrieu becomes the first white mayor to govern the majority-African-American city in some 30 years .  His father , Moon Landrieu , was the last white mayor .  And he does it after winning all but one precinct in the primary election . In Landrieu , businesses , congressional leaders , nonprofit organizations and average citizens will finally have a leader and partner in a united city government that promises to restore confidence and get dollars flowing to projects that need them . Add to that the fact that New Orleans will be front and center on the world stage for much of the next decade , hosting a series of national and international sporting events , including Super Bowl XLVII in 2013 , back-to-back NCAA Men 's and Women 's Final Fours , and the Bowl Championship Series National Championship in 2012 , among many others . In 2015 , the nation will celebrate the 200th anniversary of the Battle of New Orleans . And in 2018 , New Orleans ' tricentenary will focus not only on the founding of New Orleans but also its successful rebirth 300 years later . You see , the effort to rebuild and recover has been not just an engineering feat to save a city , an entire culture has been at stake . We have our own cuisine , music , architecture , funeral traditions , literature and cultural structure . And as of late , it looks like it will be preserved . More restaurants are in operation than before the hurricane , New Orleanians took home two Grammy awards this past year , and many important cultural sites have reopened recently or are scheduled to reopen soon . The world should take notice . Thanks to the Saints , you 're looking . But take a deeper glimpse beyond football at what 's going on here . For as challenging a decade as the 2000s were for New Orleans , the 2010s may prove to be the brightest time in the city 's nearly 300-year history . The momentum is building . New Orleans is not just coming back and not just on its way back . New Orleans is storming back . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville .	James Carville : New Orleans is experiencing a historic rebirth He says the Saints victory has given the city a big lift Election of Mitch Landrieu and major infrastructure investments are making a difference , he says Carville : Improvements in education one of the brightest parts of New Orleans ' rebirth
Qena , Egypt  CNN  -- In a deserted playground a few hundred miles south of Cairo , 13-year-old Asmaa Ashraf fiddles with a broken rusted slide . She is waiting listlessly for a lesson with her math tutor . The bright-eyed teenager lives in a sepia-toned village in the province of Qena , a place of rural poverty and neglect . But she has big dreams about education . She wants to open a school one day . "  At my school , we 'll learn , " she says , brushing her hands longingly over the slide . "  Teachers will show up and we 'll be allowed to ask questions . We 'll be allowed to draw with color . " Such aspirations , however , amount to fantasy for most youth in a country still struggling to land on its feet after being turned completely upside down . Two and a half years after the country 's uprising began , Egypt 's fledgling democracy is stillborn , stubbornly stuck between its past and future . And as the government struggles to wade through the country 's protracted political problems , Egypt 's festering education system is orphaned -- even though , with a growing youth population , it 's key to the country 's future . In the World Economic Forum 's latest report on global competitiveness , Egypt ranked near the bottom -- 131st out of 144 countries -- for quality of primary education . Egypt 's literacy rate is 66 % , according to a 2011 United Nations report . Meanwhile , a report by London think tank Chatham House says just $ 129 a year is spent on each Egyptian student ; the United States , for example , spends 40 times as much . The situation is worst in regions far from the capital , and in Upper Egypt , where more than half the population is under 29 . Many schools look more like rank penitentiaries rather than hubs of learning . Students and teachers seem to be on the verge of exhaustion rather than bursting with inspiration . And forget technology . Desks and a stable electricity supply are luxuries . "  We did n't have enough desks last year , " recalls Asmaa 's 12-year-old neighbor , Omnia . "  So most of us just sat on the floor . We only get a little paper , but my mom found this , " she said , holding up a small , faded "  Hannah Montana " notebook . The American pop culture reference is lost on her . To make up for the gaps in education , millions of middle-class Egyptian families spend a large part of their income -- sometimes as much as 25 % -- on private tutoring . It 's impossible to know how much money is spent in all , but some estimates put the total at $ 1 billion a year . Public school teachers rarely make more than $ 300 a month . More than a few of them say they teach the bare minimum in class so that they can earn more from the same students in private tutoring sessions . "  There are too many issues to deal with , " said one 32-year-old teacher in Asmaa 's village . "  I have kids of my own I 'm struggling to take care for . " He says he gives three hours of private tutoring in the evening and does mechanical work on the side . For parents with any hope that their children will be better off , investing in education is essential . Egypt 's final secondary school exams are a rite of passage for students . Their scores chart their future . If they do n't do well , they wo n't get a place in college . The status quo is even more somber for Egypt 's women . According to a recent World Bank report , the illiteracy rate for young people in Upper Egypt is 17 % , higher than the national average of 11 % , and the illiteracy rates for females is 24 % , almost twice that of males . Also , 70 % of young women in Upper Egypt are jobless . More : Interactive -- Impossible odds , unstoppable girls Politicians , whether they 're from the ruling Muslim Brotherhood or the opposition , agree that educational reform is needed . But they quickly fall silent when pushed to articulate plans . One politician said the country simply has "  bigger fish to fry , " with a controversial new constitution and still no full , functioning parliament . But with unemployment at staggering rates -- 33 % for men age 20-24 and 53 % for women in the same age -- Egypt has a highly combustible pool of frustrated and disenfranchised youth in danger of becoming a lost generation . "  This is a generation that desperately needs to learn how to critically think , to learn how to be in the 21st century , " said Malak Zalouk , director of the Middle East Institute for Higher Education at the American University in Cairo . "  Mubarak 's regime trained students to be loyal citizens . And now , despite a revolution for dignity ... there is none . " It sounds like an almost hopeless picture . However , as Egypt 's public education system founders , a few innovative ideas have emerged . This year , a few Egyptian entrepreneurs have launched Nafham , a Web-based startup that features crowd-sourced educational videos . Nafham , which means "  We understand " in Arabic , hopes to provide an alternative -- a virtual classroom -- for struggling Egyptian families . It divides the Egyptian public school curriculum into lessons that can be explained in 5 - to 15-minute videos , covering all lessons mandated by the government curriculum . Since the website went live in October , Nafham 's staff of teachers created around 4,900 videos , while 1,000 videos were crowd-sourced -- reviewed and approved by the staff . By late May , Nafham 's YouTube channel had more than 1 million views . For the 65 % of Egyptians who do n't have Internet access -- those who stand to gain the most from the service -- Nafham says it hopes to form group viewings in some villages . It is also in talks with some companies to offer USBs with Internet access to groups throughout the countryside . Another innovative initiative is Teach for Egypt , a start-up created by Nada Ramadan , a 24-year-old Egyptian who 's a graduate student at Georgetown University in Washington . Based on the Teach for America model , Ramadan plans to recruit ambitious college graduates -- most from within the Egyptian community and diaspora -- to commit to a two-year service in which they are trained extensively and placed in underprivileged schools . Ramadan says she 's running into problems , however , while trying to implement her idea . The bureaucracy in Egypt leaves little room for productivity , let alone creativity and innovation . Still , she continues to push on . "  We could all stand around and protest that the government is failing us , or we could go out and offer the solutions , " she said . "  So , that 's what we 're trying to do . " But until those solutions are offered , Asmaa -- and a whole generation in waiting -- will continue to linger near broken slides , daydreaming about the future . More : CNN 's "  Girl Rising " Interactive : Impossible odds , unstoppable girls Open letter from Christiane Amanpour : It 's time to power the world How to help | Take action with 10x10	While Egypt struggles to wade through political problems , its education system suffers Literacy rates are low and unemployment is high , especially among females Many middle-class families are spending a large part of their income on private tutoring A few start-up companies have emerged , however , to address the education deficit
CNN  -- Deadly explosions rocked parts of Damascus on Saturday with some of the targets being Syrian government facilities , witnesses and state television reported . At least 27 people were killed and 97 others were wounded in two blasts , state TV reported , quoting Syrian Health Minister Wael Halki . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  said early indications were that two booby-trapped cars exploded in crowded areas . It put the death toll at 24 , with 140 people injured and serious damage caused to surrounding buildings . One explosion occurred near the customs criminal investigations department , witnesses said . Another struck near the Air Force intelligence headquarters in Tahrir Square in a different area of the city . State TV reports blamed the explosions on "  terrorists . " The explosion by the customs criminal investigations department was only a short distance from Umayyad Square , where state media reported Friday that huge numbers turned out to demonstrate in support of the regime of President Bashar al-Assad . The blast near the Air Force intelligence headquarters was close to where twin bombings struck the offices of two security branches in Damascus in December . The government blamed terrorists inside and outside of Syria , but the opposition called the attacks the work of the regime . The capital was hit by another blast in January . The Local Coordination Committees  LCC  of Syria , an opposition activist network , reported seeing a large white cloud of smoke hanging above Damascus Friday . Twenty-two people were killed elsewhere in Syria Saturday , the LCC said , including a child , two military defectors and two people under torture . The child , 11 , died in the city of Raqqa when security forces fired on a funeral procession , the LCC said . Eight other deaths occurred in Raqqa and five in Homs , the LCC said , with others reported in Jabal al-Zawiyah , the town of Tremseh , in Hama province , and Inkhel , in Daraa province . Opposition activists also spoke about the aftermath of an attack in the Rifai district of Homs province this week , in which they said at least 32 children and two women were found , most of them injured . "  The children were tortured -- beaten , abused , fingers cut off , and shot by thugs , " said Waleed Faris . Faris is a pseudonym . An activist identified only as Abu Faris was part of a rescue operation in Rifai . He described seeing abandoned neighborhoods , "  tens of bodies " and "  horrific corpses , shot , mutilated -- everywhere . " The latest violence comes a day after Kofi Annan , special joint U.N-Arab League envoy , briefed the U.N. Security Council Friday on the Syrian crisis via a private teleconference . Speaking to reporters afterward from Geneva , Annan said he was working hard to stop the yearlong violence in Syria and "  get unimpeded access " for humanitarian relief . "  I 'm doing my best with the support of everyone to try to find a peaceful solution , " Annan said . "  The Syrian people want to get on with their lives . They are tired and they suffered a lot . " He said U.N. humanitarian agencies are to arrive in Syria this weekend "  if they are not there already , to start their mission with the Syrian government . " The former U.N. secretary-general said the situation in Syria is "  much more complex " than that in Libya or other nations . "  It 's a conflict in a region of the world that has seen many , many traumatic events . I think we need to handle the situation in Syria very , very carefully , " he said . "  Any miscalculation that leads to major escalation will have impact in the region . " Asked about the prospects of a coalition government , Annan said such a development would have to emerge from talks among Syrians . U.N. Security Council members are backing Annan 's efforts , said Mark Lyall Grant , the British ambassador to the United Nations and the current council president . Grant did n't disclose details about the meeting but told reporters the session was "  comprehensive . " Bashar Jaafari , the Syrian ambassador to the United Nations , also told reporters that "  Syria is committed to making Mr. Annan 's mission successful . " Annan met last weekend with the Syrian president in Damascus and the Syrian opposition in Turkey in an effort to end the violence that has swept the nation since Syrian security forces cracked down on protesters a year ago . He described the atmosphere in the talks as "  welcoming and correct . " Most reports from inside Syria indicate the regime is slaughtering civilians to wipe out dissidents seeking al-Assad 's ouster . The al-Assad family has ruled Syria for more than four decades . But al-Assad 's regime has said "  armed terrorist groups " are behind the bloodshed in Syria and says it has popular support for its actions . The Syrian government Friday underscored its position on terror in letters to top U.N. officials , including U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . It said it was protecting its citizens from "  terrorists " who are slaughtering and murdering "  innocent citizens . " The government said Syria is working to find a political solution to the crisis and wants to cooperate with Annan . More than 8,000 people have died in the conflict , according to the United Nations , but opposition activists say the overall toll is more than 9,000 , most of them civilians . CNN 's Caroline Faraj , Salma Abdelaziz and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : 22 people have died in violence across Syria Saturday , an opposition group says NEW : Opposition activists describe aftermath of an attack in Homs State media report between 24 and 27 deaths in Damascus Two booby-trapped cars exploded in crowded areas , a state news agency says
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- At a prize ceremony honoring peace , Adán Cortés says violence and injustice sent him rushing toward the stage . In a matter of seconds , the 21-year-old Mexican student 's face was seen around the world last week as he stood in front of Malala Yousafzai at the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony in Oslo , Norway . "  Please Malala , Mexico , " he repeated as he unfurled a Mexican flag on the stage at Oslo 's City Hall , where the 17-year-old laureate was about to become the youngest person ever to receive the prestigious award . Oslo police have come under fire over the incident , with critics asking how someone who was n't on the ceremony 's guest list managed to slip through security checkpoints and make it to the front of the room , standing just steps away from Yousafzai and other dignitaries before security hauled him out of the auditorium . Speaking to CNN at an Oslo detention center on Sunday , Cortés said he knows it was a drastic move . But he felt like he had no choice and wanted only a few seconds to speak about Mexico 's problems on a global stage . "  My motivation was to show solidarity with all the things that have happened in my country , ultimately , well , the 43 missing students , who are suspected to be dead and burned , that was my main motivation , " he said . "  I am tired of so many injustices that we have lived in Mexico , for decades . " The students ' case has sparked national outrage in Mexico and drawn global attention to the country 's continued struggles to deal with police corruption and drug-related violence . Authorities have said the students from a rural teachers college were rounded up on the orders of a local mayor , then delivered to the drug gang to be executed . Mexico 's attorney general says the students ' remains were burned at a landfill , placed inside plastic bags and thrown into a river . But so far , only one student 's remains have been identified . Cortés said he was seeking asylum in Norway , but authorities there have informed him that he 'll be sent back to Mexico on Monday , Cortés and his attorney said . Before learning that he was getting kicked out of Norway , he told CNN he was scared to return to his home country . "  I do not want to be one more student who disappears and who later turns up dead and the government later says that it was organized crime , " he said . Cortés told CNN he went through a security checkpoint with invited guests at last week 's ceremony , but no one asked him for identification or stopped him as he approached the stage . "  I was really nervous . I was saying , ` This is my moment and this is my opportunity to speak out for all the people who I have seen suffer in Mexico , ' " he said . Oslo police said Cortés had been fined 15,000 kroner  $ 2,040  for nuisance and for entering the City Hall illegally . Even critics who question the appropriateness of disrupting the Nobel ceremony would have done the same thing , he said , "  if they had a little bit of empathy toward what all the families of so many people who have been killed and disappeared in Mexico have felt , this desperation and this impotence to not have a way to express themselves and demand justice . " CNN 's Claudia Rebaza reported from Oslo . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta .	Mexican student Adán Cortés interrupted last week 's Nobel Peace Prize ceremony He says his country 's 43 missing students were his "  main motivation " "  I am tired of so many injustices that we have lived in Mexico , " he says Oslo police were under fire after he slipped past security at the prestigious event
CNN  -- In 2003 , Massachusetts became the first state to legalize same-sex marriage . At that time , 60 % of Americans opposed the idea and the move provoked an immediate backlash . In the next year , 12 states passed constitutional amendments outlawing same-sex marriage . Eventually 30 states , including traditionally liberal California , passed such measures . But since then there has been an astounding transformation of public opinion and legal thinking . Support for gay and lesbian civil rights , starting from a much lower base than support for racial and gender equality , has risen with stunning speed . Between 2003 and 2013 , the proportion of Americans supporting same-sex marriage rose 21 points nationwide , from 32 % to 53 % , writes Robert P. Jones in The Atlantic . Even in the socially conservative South , support more than doubled , increasing from 22 % to 48 % . By contrast , in 1978 , 11 years after the Supreme Court struck down laws prohibiting interracial marriage , only 36 % of Americans supported such unions . This rapid and massive change in public attitudes toward same-sex marriage undercuts the argument that "  judicial activism " has frustrated the will of the American people . But the legal tide has certainly turned as well . In the past year and a half , 42 separate court rulings have upheld marriage rights for gays and lesbians . Because of this month 's Supreme Court decision not to hear appeals of such rulings , 24 states and the District of Columbia now permit same-sex marriage . Today more than 50 % of Americans live in places where it is legal for gays and lesbians to wed. . That will soon rise to 60 % , because the Supreme Court 's actions affect six other states in the judicial circuits overseen by the same appellate courts . Many factors have contributed to these changes in public and legal opinion . One is the increased visibility of gays and lesbians across the culture , as more come out of the closet . Three-quarters of Americans now say they have a relative , friend or co-worker who is gay and millions have become used to sympathetic gay and lesbian characters on television and to openly gay talk-show hosts and entertainers . It is harder to deny rights to people who are no longer faceless "  others . " Another factor in the rapid acceptance of marriage equality is the success the civil rights and feminist movements have had in establishing social equality as a moral and ethical principle . Fifty years ago , when the Civil Rights Bill was introduced in Congress , congressional opponents openly vowed to resist anything that might "  bring about social equality . " No public figure would say that today . Even politicians who oppose measures to protect the rights of minorities , women or gays and lesbians now frame their opposition as a defense of equality against "  special privileges . " So when advocates for social change can claim their goal is a simple matter of equity , they have an advantage they lacked in the 1960s and even the 1970s , when substantial numbers of Americans were still willing to admit to opposing gender and racial equality . A third factor behind changing public opinion has been the growing tendency to treat freedom of choice in marriage as a basic right . This was not the case historically . Before the late 1960s , a majority of states had laws prohibiting marriage of whites to blacks , Asians or Filipinos . Twelve states forbade "  drunks " or "  mental defectives " from marrying . Several states denied marriage to any person with tuberculosis . Prisoners had no right to marry , and employers were legally entitled to refuse to hire a woman who was married , or to fire her if she married after getting the job . But in 1967 , invalidating anti-miscegenation laws , and in 1987 , ruling that prisoners could not be denied marriage rights , the Supreme Court ruled that states could not prohibit marriages just because they disapproved of the partnership . Once it became a violation of individual rights to prevent prisoners , inter-racial couples , flight attendants , and female teachers from marrying , gays and lesbians could argue that they , too , should have the right to marry a partner of their choice . Ironically , the most important factor in persuading many Americans to support same-sex marriage may have been the dramatic changes heterosexuals have made in their own marriages . For thousands of years , marriage was defined as the union of two individuals who had different and unequal rights and responsibilities based on their gender . Until the late 1970s , husbands -- but not wives -- were legally obliged to support their families , while wives -- but not husbands -- were legally obliged to perform services  including providing sex  in the home . This is why the legal definition of rape was a man 's forcible intercourse with a woman not his wife . It is also why a husband could sue for the loss of companionship , affection and sex  when the actions of another deprived him of the relationship benefits he was due  , but a wife , who was not legally entitled to such services , could not . In the past 30 years , however , as Americans have rejected such rigid gender roles , the courts have redefined marriage as a union of two individuals who have equal rights and responsibilities , and who can organize their marital division of labor on the basis of personal inclinations rather than pre-assigned gender roles . As late as 1977 , two-thirds of Americans believed that the man should be "  the achiever outside the home " and the woman should take "  care of the home and family . " Today 62 % of all Americans prefer a marriage where husband and wife share breadwinning , child care , and homemaking . The more that heterosexual couples organize their own marriages without regard to gender roles , the less reasonable they find it to deny marriage to two people who happen to be the same biological sex .	Stephanie Coontz : Since first same-sex marriage state , U.S. attitudes have changed fast Number of Americans living where gay marriage legal will likely soon reach 60 % , she says Coontz : More high profile gays in culture ; plus civil rights , feminism widened view on social equality Coontz : Big shifts in concept of equality in heterosexual marriage also helped clear path
CNN  -- Jersey , Guernsey , Holstein ; the world 's dairy cattle breeds bear the names of some of the wettest , lushest , and greenest places in Europe , testament to the fact that to produce milk you need a lot of water . Industry experts say one cow must consume three liters of water a day to produce one liter of milk . For high-performing cattle that 's equal to 150 liters a day . Saudi Arabia -- with an average annual rainfall of just 2.3 inches  59mm  -- might seem an unlikely candidate to be among the world 's top 10 dairy producers , but its mega-dairy Almarai has grown to be one of the biggest food producers in the Persian Gulf . Leslie Butler , a dairy economist at the University of California , says the vast milking plants that dot the Persian Gulf region employ an industry standard known as the "  Californian model " to run dairies in some of the driest regions of the world . "  The Californian model is simply that you do n't have to grow all your grass and raise your own feed crops , you can import feed and water and all your input and house a thousand head of dairy cattle on just 40 acres of land , " Butler told CNN . He said as long as the water and feed could be sourced , then dairy operations of this type were sustainable . "  The other side of sustainable , of course , is whether they get the price they want for the milk they produce , but I assume that they do , " he said . From food security to big exports Established with the help of Irish agribusiness pioneers Alastair and Paddy McGlucklin in 1977 , Almarai began modestly with just 300 head of cattle as part of a Saudi push to achieve food security through self-sufficiency -- a government response to the oil shocks of the 1970s . Forty years later and the company is a diversified regional giant selling juices , poultry , baked products and infant formula . With a total herd of 135,000 dairy cattle , Almarai 's installation at Al Kharj 80 kilometers  50 miles  south of the capital Riyadh , houses one of its largest herds of 67,000 . The company 's statistics are staggering : the entire herd produces 2.5 million liters of milk a day -- an average of 40 liters per cow per day roughly double the European average . Technology to beat the heat The secret to making a dairy successful in one of the world 's most arid environments is to apply technology -- and a lot of it . At normal desert temperatures that can reach as high 50 degrees Celsius , milk production would normally plummet , the produce would spoil quickly and dangerous bacteria would form . However , every step of the process of keeping the Holstein milking cows at a perfect temperature of between 21 and 23 degrees Celsius  70 and 73 degrees Fahrenheit  is automated . Read more : Dubai builds big for Expo 2020 Overhead misters in the open-sided sheds that house the herds send out clouds of moisture that wet the flanks of the herd to keep them cool . Fans also keep them dry and prevent puddles from forming . As well as computers that monitor the temperature and humidity in the installations , workers put the cattle through stationary water jets - a process that ensures the milk is not contaminated with manure - before the cattle are milked four times daily . After the cows are milked , the mega-factory goes through the process of pasteurizing the dairy products , bottling and packaging it . Almarai 's fleet of 1,000 refrigerated tankers then deliver it to 55,000 stores in six Gulf nations . Water worries Saudi is not the only Gulf State to have automated its milk production . In the nearby United Arab Emirates , the Al Ain Dairy Farm , the largest in the UAE and a competitor to Almarai , has per cow yields at 10,000 liters a year , almost the equal of Almarai 's 12,400 liters a year . However , critics warn that the high yields of Almarai and other Gulf dairies carry a cost . Seen from Google Earth , the irrigation pivots of Al Kharj stand out like green crop circles in the rocky brown of the desert . Just 40 years ago , Saudi Arabia 's underground store of fossil water was estimated at 500 cubic kilometers , enough to fill Lake Erie , according to a report published by University of London SOAS . Read more : Oxford , Yale or Abu Dhabi ? It estimates four-fifths of the aquifers are now depleted . With practically no rainfall to replenish them , it has been reported that the government intends to phase out wheat production by 2016 . Many of the irrigation pivots at Al Kharj stand unused and the Saudi government is coy about their future . In the meantime , Saudi investment in land near the headwaters of the Nile in the Gambella region of Ethiopia has caused controversy . Human Rights Watch , in a 2012 report , said that foreign investors from Saudi and China had acquired large tracts of land and that it had evidence that some 70,000 indigenous people in the western Gambella region were relocated against their will to new villages that "  lack adequate food , farmland , healthcare and educational facilities " . The Oakland Institute , an NGO , issued a critical report on Saudi Star 's Gambella investment in Ethiopia in June last year , alleging that the company failed to conduct an environmental impact assessment and that residents reported the threat of force from Ethiopian authorities if they did not resettle . Meanwhile , the Saudi government has denied that its investment in the region has uprooted the region 's indigenous people . "  I never heard of even a single displacement , " Saudi Agriculture Minister Dr Fahd bin Abdulrahman Balghunaim said in media reports . "  If you or any other correspondent will show us a clear displacement or land grab or whatever by Saudi investment , please let us know . I assure you there are none whatsoever . "	Saudi Arabian dairy has become one of the biggest in the region Almarai began as a small farm in 1970s with 300 cows Situated in one of world 's most arid regions , indoor farms rely on ` California model ' Critics point to high use of water and depletion of ancient underground water reserves
CNN  -- What 's almost 300 years old ? Worth an estimated $ 6 million ? And missing ? Answer : A Stradivarius violin stolen from Frank Almond , concertmaster of the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra . Almond was walking to his car after a performance Monday night when an assailant used a stun gun on him , causing him to drop the instrument . The attacker then took the violin and fled to a waiting vehicle , which was being driven by a second suspect , according to Milwaukee police . That vehicle was described as a late 1980s or early 1990s , maroon or burgundy , Chrysler or Dodge minivan . "  It appears at this time that the violin was the primary target of this assault and robbery , " police said in a statement . "  It is important to note that this violin is valuable to a very small number of people in the world and is not something easily sold for what it is worth . " According to the symphony , Almond plays on a violin made by Antonio Stradivari from 1715 , known as the "  ex-Lipinski . " CNN affiliate WITI reports that it 's worth an estimated $ 6 million . A police spokesman declined to comment on the instrument 's exact cost , instead putting it in the "  millions . " The Milwaukee police are working with the FBI 's Art Crime Team , which specializes in high-end art thefts . The FBI team , in turn , works with Interpol to connect art dealers able to help locate stolen items throughout the world . Antonio Stradivari was born in 1644 . He set up shop in Cremona , Italy , where he made violins , harps , guitars , violas and cellos . Before his death in 1737 , Stradivari is thought to have made more than 1,100 instruments -- of which some 650 remain today -- according to the Smithsonian Institution . He is the world 's most celebrated violin maker . Stolen Stradivarius violin found after more than two years	The violin , made by Antonio Stradivari , dates to 1715 and is worth millions The instrument belongs to Milwaukee symphony concertmaster Frank Almond Stradivari is the world 's most celebrated violin maker
Washington  CNN  -- In a classic "  Saturday Night Live " sketch , Christopher Walken plays a music producer with just one message for his bands : "  More cowbell ! I got ta have more cowbell ! " Sometimes you wonder if Walken is producing this year 's election , too . In Mitt Romney , the GOP has nominated its least ideological candidate since Richard Nixon . At every turn , the party has demanded , "  More ideology ! I got ta have more ideology ! " With the selection of Paul Ryan as his running mate , Romney has now acceded to that wish . The least ideological Republican candidate since 1968 has committed himself to the most ideological Republican program since 1964 . Democrats must be stunned . The first battle in every election is the battle to decide what the election is about . What 's the question voters must answer ? Romney 's choice of Ryan energizes two sides In 1992 , for example , Republicans wanted the election to be about George H.W. Bush 's steady leadership in a dangerous world : the end of the Cold War and victory in the Persian Gulf . Democrats countered , "  It 's the economy , stupid ! " This year , an incumbent even more embattled than George H.W. Bush has his own preferred election theme . He does n't want to debate his own record , which is pretty dismal . He wants to debate the record of the congressional Republicans elected in 2010 , a bunch radically less popular even than the president himself . You 'd imagine that Romney 's job was to refuse the Democratic invitation , to choose his own ground for the election , and to keep his distance from the congressional GOP . You 'd imagine , but you 'd be wrong . Romney has instead chosen to bolt himself to the House Republicans . He has chosen as his running mate Paul Ryan , the House Republican leader -- not their formal leader , but their intellectual leader , the person who set their agenda . He has effectively adopted Paul Ryan 's agenda as his own : big immediate cuts in spending , a dramatic cut in the top rate of income tax to 28 % and a bold reform of Medicare for those 55 and under . Obama 's message in 2012 : "  Forget the economy . It 's Medicare , stupid ! " The Romney-Ryan response ? "  We agree . Medicare it is . " William Bennett : Why Paul Ryan ? The Romney-Ryan team will tell you that fixing Medicare is crucial to their plans for economic growth . By assuring markets that Medicare costs will grow more slowly after 2023 , a Medicare fix -- it 's argued -- will ignite job creation in 2013 . In the meantime , federal spending cuts and upper-income tax cuts will restore business confidence . Will voters accept this argument ? Possibly , although relatively few economists will do so . Most economists would draw a distinction between the government 's fiscal problems over the medium term and the economy 's problems in the near term . The economy 's near-term problems can be traced to the housing crisis . Americans assumed crushing levels of debt in the 2000s to buy expensive homes , homes they assumed would continue to rise in price forever . In 2007 , household debt relative to income peaked at the highest level since 1928 .  Uh oh .  When the housing market crashed , consumers were stranded with unsustainable debts , and until those debts are reduced , consumers will drastically cut back their spending . As consumers cut back , businesses lose revenue . As businesses lose revenue , they fire employees . As employees lose their jobs , their purchasing power is reduced . As purchasing power is lost throughout the economy , housing prices tumble again . Rinse and repeat . Opinion : Is Paul Ryan for or against Ayn Rand ? Since 2008 , the debt burden on households has declined somewhat , partly because of increased saving , mostly because of mortgage default . But household debts have declined nowhere near enough , and the pace of household debt reduction is slowing . The result : slow recovery of the private economy , weak consumer demand , paltry job growth -- considerably offset by continuing job shrinkage in the public sector . Paul Ryan 's various plans and road maps contain many interesting elements for the reduction of government in the decades ahead . They do not respond to the most immediate and urgent problem : prolonged mass unemployment caused by heavy household debt . Why not ? There 's why the ideology makes itself felt . Conservatives ardently believe that big future deficits are the cause of today 's unemployment . They feel it . They know it . And they do n't want to hear different . When naysayers worry that the Romney campaign has over-indulged the ideology , the answer quickly comes : "  Well , Reagan was ideological in 1980 -- and he still won . Why ca n't Romney do the same , especially since the economy is even worse now than it was then ? " Opinion : Ryan will shift the campaign dynamic Fair answer . Here 's the difference : Although Ronald Reagan was a highly ideological candidate , he did not run a highly ideological campaign . Quite the contrary ! Precisely because party conservatives trusted Reagan 's ideological commitment , they allowed him space to move to the center . Seeking the GOP nomination in 1976 , Reagan had pledged large immediate cuts in federal spending  $ 90 billion , at a time when that was a lot of money  . In 1980 , Reagan emphasized an easier-to-swallow message of tax cuts , not spending cuts -- and indeed promised that he 'd protect the Medicare program he 'd opposed when it was created in the mid-1960s . No such leeway for Mitt Romney . He has been constrained first to endorse Paul Ryan 's budget plan  which he did in December 2011 after months of attempted evasion  , to endorse a cut in the top rate of income tax to 28 %  March 2012  , and now finally to choose Ryan himself as his running mate . No leeway -- and now no exit . Conservatives exult that the GOP will now offer the country "  a choice , not a referendum . " That phrase does not make a lot of sense .  What is more of a choice than a referendum ?  But there 's good reason why conservatives say it . They are looking for a rephrasing of the slogan uppermost in their minds : "  a choice not an echo " -- the title of the best-selling manifesto that helped persuade Republicans to follow Barry Goldwater to disaster . Opinion : Why Ryan pick wo n't help Romney The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Conservatives have pushed for a more ideological approach to the campaign He says that in Paul Ryan , conservatives get their wish but it may come back to haunt them By picking a running mate with a plan to change Medicare , Romney gives Obama an issue Frum : Ryan 's long-term fiscal fix does nothing to deal with the causes of current economic slowdown
The Department of Justice is investigating the death of Alfred Wright , a physical therapist who disappeared and died under mysterious circumstances in an isolated section of Texas , U.S. Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee said Monday . Wright , 28 , a resident of Jasper , Texas , was last seen alive November 7 when he stopped at a liquor store because he was having trouble with his pickup truck . He was on his way to treat a patient . Local law enforcement authorities searched but gave up . His family found his partially clothed body 19 days later in an area that officers had supposedly searched . Adding more confusion , a medical examiner said the death was accidental , but a different pathologist hired by the family said there appeared to be "  severe trauma " to the body . The federal investigation comes after reporting by CNN into the case . Lee , a Democrat who represents the 18th District of Texas , announced the investigation in a Monday press release . It was n't immediately clear from the Justice Department when or how it will proceed with the investigation . Family members said Wright , married and the father of two young sons , called from the CL&M Grocery on Route 87 , asking someone to pick him up because of problems with his truck . When they arrived , he was gone . The next day , Wright 's personal effects , including his watch and ID , turned up on a nearby ranch but the search for him turned up nothing . Family members say the sheriff told them "  there was no foul play " and that Wright 's disappearance was probably drug-related . Family and friends kept searching . When found , Wright was wearing only boxer shorts , tennis shoes and a single sock , inside of which was his cell phone . Wright was missing an ear , two front teeth , and his tongue . His throat appeared to be cut . The medical examiner attributed the trauma to "  animal and insect activity . " The coroner 's toxicology report described Wright 's body as filled with drugs -- cocaine , methamphetamine -- and his death was ruled accidental due to a "  combined drug intoxication . " Family members said they never saw Wright do drugs . The family hired their own pathologist , who did a separate autopsy that found what appeared to be "  severe trauma to the neck and head . " The Sabine County Sheriff 's Department handed the investigation over to the Texas Rangers , who announced they had called in the FBI to assist . Feds , family seek answers a year after teen 's mysterious death	Alfred Wright was missing three weeks before his body was found A coroner 's report says his body was filled with drugs , and his death was ruled accidental Family members say they never saw him do drugs Texas Rangers say the death is questionable and called in the FBI to help investigate
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- Ever since it happened , race has been front-and-center in the vigorous debate over the fatal shooting of African-American teenager Michael Brown by a white police officer . Could it also factor into those 12 people now deciding whether that Ferguson , Missouri , officer will face charges in the 18-year-old 's death ? We may never know . That 's because the St. Louis County grand jury weighing the case meets , per established rules , in private . Still , at least we found out Friday about a little more about those on it -- including their race . St. Louis County Circuit Court administrator Paul Fox said there are three African-Americans -- one male , two females -- and nine whites -- six males , three females -- on the 12-member panel . There are a total of seven men and five women . No information was given about the ages or occupations of any on the grand jury . This information on the jury 's makeup comes as a key complaint among Brown family supporters continues : that the man whose office is tasked with making the case to the grand jury -- St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Bob McCulloch -- is too cozy with law enforcement , does not have a good relationship with the African-American community and thus should be replaced . For his part , McCulloch has indicated he wo n't recuse himself , saying he 's simply doing the job he was elected to do . The county grand jury was randomly selected from an approved pool and has been seated since May according Paul Fox , the director of judicial administration for the St. Louis County Circuit Court . In many locales , grand juries hear numerous cases during their terms , which cover a specified period of time instead of the duration of a specific case . Unlike a jury in a criminal case , which convicts someone if jurors are convinced of guilt "  beyond a reasonable doubt , " a grand jury decides if there is "  probable cause " -- based on testimony and evidence presented , in the absence of a judge -- to charge someone with a crime . In Missouri , they do n't have to be unanimous to press such an indictment , as long as nine of the 12 agree on a charge . Notably , these grand jurors are n't the only ones with a pivotal say in whether or not Officer Darren Wilson is charged . The federal government is also on the case -- FBI agents canvassing the Ferguson neighborhood where the shooting happened have knocked on more than 400 doors and interviewed more than 200 people , according to law enforcement sources -- as part of the U.S. Justice Department 's civil rights division 's investigation . The federal probe , as currently set up , must prove there was an element of "  racial hostility "  as explained by CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin  in the shooting . That 's a higher standard than the one before the St. Louis County grand jury . This is one big reason why the 12 people on it -- including who they are , what they hear and what they believe -- matters so much . They may be the first to reach a decision on whether Officer Wilson will get justice , whether that 's defined as a murder charge , a lesser charge , or no charge at all . FBI probing cyberattacks on police in Ferguson As the grand jury hears testimony and sees evidence in private , tensions and protest continue to play out in a very public way on the streets of Ferguson . Protesters demanding Wilson 's arrest have ripped law enforcement for what they call an overly militarized , heavy-handed response ; on the other side , police called out criminal elements for fomenting unrest and said they simply wanted to protect people , safeguard property and keep the peace . Whoever is to blame , many nights since the August 9 shooting have been marred by large-scale arrests and violence . But that was not the case Thursday night into early Friday . There were no Molotov cocktails thrown , no shootings , no fires , no tear gas . Instead , a sense of much-welcomed calm prevailed . This came hours after Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon ordered the withdrawal of Missouri National Guard troops -- who had been dispatched to protect he police command center , which officials said had come under threat -- from the St. Louis suburb . That may not have been the only threat -- real or virtual -- to police . Three U.S. law enforcement officials told CNN on Friday that the FBI has opened an investigation into hacking attacks directed at the personal computers and accounts of police officers who have been part of the response . The attacks are believed to be the work of hackers affiliated with the group Anonymous , the officials said . It 's not clear how much personal data was compromised by these alleged cyberattacks , but it 's one reason why officers working the streets of Ferguson are n't displaying their names on their uniforms , according to the officials . Credibility of key witness challenged Supporters of Wilson have used reports this week that the teen broke the cop 's eye socket during an altercation as justification for the use of deadly force . Those reports are not true , a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation told CNN . Wilson had a swollen face and was treated at the hospital , but his eye socket was not fractured in the reported scuffle with Brown , the source told CNN . The shooting has prompted multiple investigations , but already -- before any charges have been filed or conclusions reached -- the credibility of those linked to the case is being scrutinized in the court of public opinion . Dorian Johnson , a friend of Brown 's who was walking with him at the time of the incident and a key witness , said the officer shot Brown once by the police car and again as he ran away . According to Johnson , Brown was struck in the back and then turned around and put his arms up as the officer kept shooting . Other witnesses have said Brown 's body jerked as if it had been hit from the back , but an autopsy shows that all the entry wounds were in the front of Brown 's body . This , together with reports that Johnson had a criminal record that including lying to police , has put his credibility in question . Johnson 's version was contrasted by the version of events described by a woman who told a St. Louis radio show she was a friend of the officer : that Brown taunted Wilson and charged at him before the shooting began . The radio caller 's account matches what Wilson has told investigators , a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation told CNN . In the event there is a criminal trial , any potential juror who hears Johnson 's version might take his past into consideration but must remember that the FBI and police were aware of his past when they interviewed him initially , said Freeman Bosley , one of Johnson 's attorneys . Another of his lawyers , James Williams , defended his client 's credibility Friday morning . "  His credibility in this case has nothing to do with what he 's been charged with in the past . It has to do with what he saw here , seeing his friend get murdered , in cold blood , by a police officer , " Williams told CNN 's Chris Cuomo . "  We have two young men chased after to be hunted down by a police officer , one of them murdered in the street , and this becomes about their past ? Or this becomes about what happened at a store ? None of this is what it should be about , " Williams said . 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting Magazine : The aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US CNN 's Ed Lavandera reported from Ferguson , and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz , Evan Perez , Mariano Castillo , Michael Pearson , Ben Brumfield , Jim Acosta , AnneClaire Stapleton and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Sources : FBI interviews over 200 witnesses , knocks on 400 doors A peaceful night , but controversy persists over dueling narratives Source shoots down reports that officer has a fractured eye socket Officials : FBI probing cyberattacks targeting law enforcement in Ferguson s
CNN  -- A member of the Russian punk band Pussy Riot -- convicted last summer after a protest performance inside a Moscow cathedral -- had her parole bid rejected Friday when a judge said she 'd broken prison rules and never expressed regret , state news reported . Nadezhda Tolokonnikova 's lawyer argued that she should be freed because she has a small child , had n't had conflicts with other inmates and would have a job once she was freed , reported RAPSI , an official news agency focused on legal matters . But the judge in Mordovia , in central Russia , sided with prosecutors and took into account Tolokonnikova 's behavior at a penal colony in Perm , about 1,000 kilometers  700 miles  east of Moscow . "  She had not always observed the rules of conduct , " the judge ruled according to another state news agency , RIA Novosti . "  She has two disciplinary penalties not yet removed from her record . " Irina Khrunova , Tolokonnikova 's lawyer , told state news that her client will appeal Friday 's ruling . Tolokonnikova and another band member , Maria Alyokhina , both in their 20s , were sentenced in August for performing a song critical of President Vladimir Putin in one of the Russian Orthodox Church 's most important cathedrals . Yekaterina Samutsevich , a third member of the band , was sentenced at the same time . But she was freed from prison last October . Footage of the brief but provocative protest action in February 2012 attracted worldwide attention after it was posted online . It showed the band members , their faces shrouded by balaclavas , screaming "  Mother Mary , please drive Putin away " inside Christ Savior Cathedral , outraging many of the Russia church 's faithful The three women , who were arrested shortly after the act , were all convicted of hooliganism . Two other members of the all-female group have fled Russia . Human rights activists and celebrities alike rallied around Pussy Riot -- and railed at Russian authorities for going after women who , they said , were expressing their political views -- following the band members ' arrest . Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch , for example , both issued reports earlier this year sharply criticizing Russia 's record on freedom of expression . The heavy clampdown on government critics and activists , the groups said , has increased since Vladimir Putin returned to the presidency -- which happened a few months after the Pussy Riot protest act . Putin subsequently denied his government employs "  Stalinist elements " -- which he equated to a "  personality cult and mass violation of law , reprisals , prison camps . " "  But that does n't mean we should have no discipline , no law and order -- and all people in Russia should be equal before the law . " That includes the women in Pussy Riot , Putin said . "  No one puts anyone in prison for political reasons , for their political views . They get punished for violating the law . Everybody should observe the law . " CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , one of 3 arrested Pussy Riot members , had asked for parole State news : A judge denies it , saying she broke prison rules and has n't expressed regret Pussy Riot staged a performance protesting Russia 's leaders in 2012 in a Moscow church Activists have decried the arrest and conviction of the punk band 's members
Diepsloot , South Africa  CNN  -- In a country where several rapes are said to occur every minute , in a township where violence is commonplace , this was a crime that shocked the entire community of Diepsloot , South Africa . Two girl cousins , aged two and three , were taken from their doorstep -- kidnapped in broad daylight . And when Yonelisa and Zandile Mali were found a few days later in the township north of Johannesburg , the news only got worse . The two girls had been raped and murdered , their lifeless bodies dumped in a public toilet in Diepsloot . Pistorius case brings South Africa gun culture to global spotlight Since that discovery October 15 , five men have been accused of kidnapping , raping and killing the two little girls . The suspects appeared briefly in court in Pretoria Thursday but the trial has been adjourned until November 1 while investigations continue , Medupe Simasiku , a spokesman for South Africa 's National Prosecuting Authority , told CNN . Investigators are currently analyzing DNA evidence and awaiting official identification of the five men , he said . A confession from one of the suspects was legally obtained and will be used in court , according to Simasiku , but the other suspects have not confessed to the alleged crimes . All five will defend themselves in court . Residents of Diepsloot demonstrated outside Pretoria Magistrate 's Court as the men made their appearance , voicing their anger over the killings . The sprawling , densely populated township on the outskirts of Johannesburg is one of the most violent places in the country , making it a challenge for any parent to keep their child safe here . But Yonelisa 's mother , Thokozani Mali , tried her best . She was at home with the girls on the day they were taken , checking on them every five minutes as they played together . Why brutality is ingrained in psyche of South Africa She discovered they 'd vanished after going to check when all went quiet . Family , neighbors and the police joined a frantic hunt for the toddlers . Ten days after their bodies were found , Thokozani finds it hard to talk about the loss of her only child . "  I am trying to be strong , " she told CNN . "  When I am sleeping , she always next to me , so when I think of that I feel like crying . " A box of the girls ' shoes is outside her home , waiting to be given away to those in need . But for the moment , the pain is still too raw . ` Gruesome incidents ' South African President Jacob Zuma last week condemned the girls ' murder , as well as the apparent torture and abuse of a young boy whose body was found in a field in Katlehong , east of Johannesburg . "  These gruesome incidents of extreme torture and murder of our children do not belong to the society that we are continuously striving to build together , " he said in a statement . "  Whilst we appeal to the communities not to take the matters into their hands , we also want to urge them to work with law enforcement authorities to find the perpetrators and prosecute them to the fullest extent of the law . " Arrests for rape are rare in South Africa , and only 6 % of rape cases lead to convictions . But rape itself is far from uncommon . South Africa has one of the highest rates of sexual violence in the world , with an average of 55,000 reported cases a year . The true figure is likely much higher , though , since many victims stay silent , according to Prof. Rachel Jewkes of the South African Medical Research Council . Surveys of adult women in South Africa 's Gauteng province , which encompasses Johannesburg , Diepsloot and Pretoria , suggest that 25 women are raped for each one who reports it to the police , she said . "  If you take into account that rape is so under-reported , there are several rapes every minute in this country by our estimate , " she said . While some 60 % of the women raped in South Africa are adults , about 15 % are children under the age of 11 , she said . "  We do see rapes of children of age 3 and 2 every year but obviously not that many , " Jewkes said . She has seen a disturbing increase in cases where those attacked are both raped and killed . About a quarter of girl children who are murdered are raped , Jewkes said . The police station in Diepsloot has one of the highest rates of reported rapes in the country , she said . She believes that to change this , authorities will need to tackle the root causes -- poverty , lack of policing , and the problem of men 's attitude of sexual entitlement toward women . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Brent Swails reported in Diepsloot and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Two toddlers aged 2 and 3 were kidnapped , raped and killed in Dietsloop township Their bodies were found in a public toilet building Five men are on trial accused of kidnapping , raping and killing the two girls South Africa has one of the highest rates of sexual violence in the world
CNN  -- Authorities have ordered the evacuation of some 12,000 people from the city of Minot , North Dakota , and surrounding areas because of expected record flooding , officials said Tuesday . The swollen Souris River flows straight through the city and is expected to overwhelm area levees , said Cecily Fong , spokeswoman for the North Dakota Department of Emergency Services . Minot , located in the north central part of the state , is the fourth-largest city in North Dakota . The evacuation order covers between a quarter and a third of the city 's population , Fong said . Residents have until 6 p.m. CT Wednesday to leave their homes . "  We 're going to become a pool , " Minot Mayor Curt Zimbelman told KXMB-TV in Bismarck . "  It 's hard to really believe , but I have some real concerns . " The National Weather Service has forecast record flooding and urged anyone living in the affected areas to prepare immediately for oncoming floodwaters . Heavy area rains and dam releases are causing the river to swell at Minot . "  The current best estimate for when water will overtop the lowest dikes in the Minot area is sometime on Thursday afternoon . However , a Wednesday night or early Thursday timeframe can not be ruled out as the dikes become more stressed due to rising water , " the weather service said . The river at Minot , which currently stands at close to 1,555 feet above sea level , is forecast to rise to 1,559 feet on Friday or Saturday -- which would be a new record . The river hit 1,558 feet above sea level in 1881 . The Souris River looks like a "  U. " It swoops in and out of North Dakota from Canada .	NEW : The Souris River is forecast to set a new flood record NEW : Heavy rains and releases from upriver are causing it to swell at Minot The Souris River flows straight through the city Some 12,000 people are under mandatory evacuation orders
CNN  -- Many residents returning to their homes in southern Louisiana after Hurricane Isaac will find little comfort . Throughout the state , at least 13,000 homes were damaged , Christina Stephens , a spokeswoman for the Louisiana Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness , said Tuesday . She stressed the figure is a preliminary estimate , and that officials expect the number will rise as they gain access to some of the hardest-hit areas . St. John the Baptist Parish , west of New Orleans , suffered extensive flooding after Isaac struck the northern Gulf Coast last week . Thousands of residents were driven from their homes when the storm forced water over the banks of Lake Pontchartrain . Many are returning for the first time , Parish President Natalie Robottom told CNN affiliate WWL , and they are going to need help . "  They 're doing what they need to do and we need to do our part . The state needs to do its part and so does the federal government , " she said . "  When these folks get home , they lost everything . " In nearby Plaquemines Parish , floodwaters are still flowing out . "  We got a long way to go . It 's so much water , " Parish President Billy Nungesser told WWL . "  It 's going to be some time before it all gets out of here . " He said authorities hope to patch levee breaches and then use pumps to get the rest of the water out . Nungesser also praised the work of the federal government , just one day after President Barack Obama was in the area to offer assistance and view the damage . Throughout the state , roughly 40,000 customers were without power Tuesday , down from a peak of 903,000 , according to the Public Service Commission . Those without power must contend with a new obstacle : rebuilding their lives amid blistering temperatures and no air conditioning . The National Weather Service issued a heat advisory Tuesday for some areas without power , including the cities of Lutcher and New Orleans . "  The cumulative affect of typically hot and humid conditions combined with the lack of climate control due to power outages from Hurricane Isaac have created a life-threatening situation , " the weather service said . While many residents are focused on recovery , "  we need everyone to take their risk of heat stroke seriously , " said Bruce D. Greenstein , Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals secretary . "  This is a serious condition that can kill you . " Meanwhile , tar balls washed ashore on southeast Louisiana beaches , prompting some coastal water closures . They were found along shorelines that were affected heavily by the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill . Flood warnings remained in effect for parts of Louisiana and Mississippi . The Pearl River , along the Mississippi state line , crested at 18.54 feet , roughly 4Â 1/4 feet above flood stage as authorities monitored a weakened lock on an adjoining canal . Parish officials warned people to stay away from the area , but authorities lifted a mandatory evacuation order over the weekend after they released water from the lock to relieve pressure . Authorities were still dealing with threats posed by rain-swollen rivers and lakes , particularly in St. Tammany Parish , northeast of New Orleans . Standing water can serve as ripe breeding ground for mosquitoes and the city of New Orleans urged residents to take care to protect themselves against West Nile virus , which has killed at least nine people in the state this year . How communities bounce back from disaster On Monday , Obama praised rescuers and volunteers helping clean up after Hurricane Isaac and offered federal help to beef up flood protection in the stricken area . "  I want to commend everybody who 's here for the excellent work they 've done in making sure that lives were saved , that although there was tremendous property damage , that people were in a position to get out quickly , " he told reporters . Authorities have blamed eight U.S. deaths on Isaac , six of them in Louisiana . The latest came Monday , when a 90-year-old man was found dead in his home in suburban New Orleans , Jefferson Parish Coroner Gerry Cvitanovich said . The home was equipped with air conditioning , but the system did n't work with the electricity out , Cvitanovich said . Temperatures in the area were in the low 90s on Monday . Isaac struck the Gulf Coast south of New Orleans as a Category 1 hurricane early Wednesday , the seventh anniversary of the devastating Hurricane Katrina . It had already killed 19 people in the Caribbean nation of Haiti , where it struck before moving into the Gulf of Mexico . The storm posed the first real test to New Orleans since a $ 14.5 billion federal effort to reconstruct the city 's flood control system after it failed during Katrina in 2005 . Katrina killed almost 1,800 people , most when the storm overwhelmed the levee system and flooded the city . Most of the areas hit hard by Isaac were outside the rebuilt levee system . Opinion : The real trouble begins after Isaac is gone CNN 's Dana Ford , Holly Yan and Jessica Jordan contributed to this report .	NEW : Tar balls wash ashore in Louisiana , prompting some water closures "  We got a long way to go , " says the Plaquemines Parish president Flood warnings remain in effect for parts of Louisiana and Mississippi Eight U.S. deaths are blamed on Hurricane Isaac , which killed 19 in Haiti
CNN  -- The ADE 651 stood for "  Advanced Detection Equipment " . And it certainly looked the part . Sleek black casing . A swivelling antenna that was said to detect everything from bombs to 100 dollar bills . A card that indicated what the device had found . In video recorded by James McCormick , the man behind the skyrocketing sales of ADE 651 , police in Niger can be seen using the device searching for explosives by a live minefield . Just one problem : It does n't work . British police say the ADE 651 is really the "  Gopher " a novelty golf-ball finder with the label removed . This device , independent tests show , has no better than a random chance at finding a golf ball , much less a bomb . Maker of fake bomb detector gets 10 years in prison "  These devices contain absolutely nothing inside . There 's no laws of science or physics that could make them work , " Detective Inspector Edward Heath told CNN . "  He is a conman . He uses sleight of hand , absurd sales tactics to actually con governments , officials , private individuals out of money to buy this device . " McCormick spent less than 18 months as an entry level policeman in the Liverpool area before becoming a salesman of radio equipment . With his sales patter and his brief time as a policeman , McCormick was a convincing pitch man . In a training video to potential salesmen in India , McCormick can clearly be heard saying he "  worked with explosives " during his time with the British police . "  He targeted countries where terrorism and violence was rife , " Heath said . "  They had such terrible problems with violence and terrorism , they were desperate for any measure to prevent them from happening . The countries that he targeted also did n't have proper testing methods or any scientific laboratories to make sure they worked . They very much took the trust of the person selling it . And James McCormick came across as an honest and reliable businessman . But in fact he was a con man . " It was the ` Made in the UK ' label on the ADE 651 that tipped off British police . They found that McCormick had the components made separately in Britain , then assembled them himself at his office in an old dairy farm in Somerset , England . Police investigators believe it cost him less than $ 60 to make each device . In at least one case , he sold them for as much as $ 300,000 a piece . He sold the devices to government agencies and private companies around the world . But it was n't just a good sales line that allowed McCormick , over a 10-year period , to become a millionaire from a fraudulent device . An Iraqi general has been jailed for procuring the ADE 651 through "  unauthorized " channels . British police believe that McCormick paid off officials to buy the ADE 651 in bulk . Iraq 's law enforcement agencies bought 6,000 of the devices to scan for explosives at checkpoints , many of them still in use today , potentially endangering lives . It was a profitable business . His company made between $ 60 million and Â # 80 million . He spent it on property , an $ 8 million luxurious historic home in Bath -- previously owned by Hollywood star Nicholas Cage -- with a swimming pool in the basement . He also bought a million dollar yacht and holiday homes in Cyprus and Florida . Police are now trying to seize these assets . "  We will do our utmost to make sure that James McCormick never lives off the proceeds of crime , " Heath said . "  What we intend to do is make sure his assets are confiscated , so that he can not live a life of luxury off his crime . "	James McCormick is the man behind the ADE 651 bomb detector But the device is fake and contains "  nothing inside , " says Detective Inspector Heath "  He targeted countries where terrorism and violence was rife , " Heath said . McCormick made millions and spent his earnings on a luxurious lifestyle
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- A series of parcel bombs targeting embassies in Greece and officials across Europe "  are not related to international terrorism and groups like al Qaeda , " Greek government spokesman Giorgos Petalotis said Wednesday . Police spokesman Maj. Thanassis Kokkalakis added that two suspects arrested in the case are "  domestic terrorists without international connections . " The country suspended air shipments of all mail and packages for 48 hours after the parcel bombs were sent from the capital , the Public Order Ministry announced Wednesday . European authorities discovered packages Tuesday addressed to German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . Neither package reached its target and police destroyed both in controlled explosions . Both packages had arrived on flights from Athens , Greece , authorities said . Two other parcels containing explosives were discovered in the cargo section of the Athens airport on Tuesday , Kokkalakis said . They were addressed to the European Union law enforcement agency Europol , based in The Hague , Netherlands , and the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg , he said . Authorities detonated both parcels , he said . At least nine bombs or suspicious devices have been sent in recent days to various embassies in Athens . Police intercepted and destroyed most of them , though one person at a courier office was wounded when a package addressed to the Mexican Embassy exploded , and another device was thrown at the Swiss Embassy and exploded in its courtyard . Kokkalakis described the bombs as "  booby trap bombs . They are hidden in books and some of them are hidden in files , in dossiers . " Two men arrested after the explosion at the courier office have been charged in connection to terrorism . The Citizens Protection Ministry named them as Panagiotis Argyrou , 22 , and Gerasimos Tsakalos , 24 . Both are Greek nationals , police said , and one of them is a suspected member of the Greek leftist militant group Conspiracy of the Cells of Fire . "  Now we have a good start to continue our efforts to disarm these terrorists , " said Kokkalakis , who said there was a warrant on one of the arrested men , saying he was a member of the militant group . "  The other one is an anarchist , " he said . "  We just know he is an anarchist . ... They want to disturb the daily life of Greek society . They try to disturb everything we have built as a country . " Police said they are looking for five other men in their 20s who seem to have links to the same group , but they have not yet linked the group to the spate of bombings . Vassilis Papadimitriou , a spokesman for the prime minister , called the suspects "  amateurs . " "  You have to call them terrorists , but what they were trying to do no doubt is something symbolic , " he said . "  They were caught with bus tickets and cards to make telephone calls . A professional would n't do this . " Kokkalakis and Papadimitriou both said that private air-mail shipping companies are responsible for security of packages . CNN 's Ivan Watson and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : Police : Bombs were "  booby trap bombs " hidden in books and files NEW : PM 's spokesman : The suspects are terrorists , but not professional The government names 2 suspects arrested in connection with the bombs Packages were sent Tuesday to the leaders of Germany and Italy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The defense secretary will not ban smoking by troops in war zones despite a recommendation to do so by a Pentagon-commissioned study . Defense Secretary Robert Gates says he does not want to compound stress in combat zones by banning smoking . Secretary Robert Gates ' decision stems from concern about the stress troops face , said his spokesman . "  We are fighting two wars right now , using a force that we are demanding more of than we ever have before . They are under enormous stress and strain , and the secretary does not want to compound that stress by taking away from them one of the few outlets they have to relieve that stress , " Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said Wednesday . A new study commissioned by the Pentagon and the Department of Veterans Affairs recommends a complete ban on tobacco , which would end tobacco sales on military bases and prohibit smoking by anyone in uniform -- including combat troops in the thick of battle . According to the study , tobacco use impairs military readiness in the short term . Over the long term , it can cause serious health problems , including lung cancer and cardiovascular disease . The study also says smokeless tobacco use can lead to oral and pancreatic cancer . Morrell said that Gates has not seen the report and will consider the recommendations to move towards a goal of a smoke-free military . "  There may be things we can do to try to move towards that goal . But he has been very clear to me , up front , that one of the things he is not prepared to do is to restrict the use of tobacco products in combat zones , " Morrell said . Anti-smoking activist Richard Daynard said Gates ' decision was logical . But he predicted that , as smoking is banned on military bases outside combat zones , "  then the problem over time will resolve itself , even in combat zones . " The founder of the Tobacco Products Liability Project likened the situation to that which prevailed during the 1980s , when smoking aboard U.S. commercial airlines was banned . "  There was an exception for the cockpit , at least on some airlines , on the theory that you probably do n't want your pilot , if he 's hooked on nicotine , to be cold-turkey while he 's trying to navigate your plane . " But , he said , the exception has been phased out . CNN 's Adam Levine and Tom Watkins contributed to this story .	No ban despite recommendation to do so in Pentagon-commissioned study Spokesman : Secretary does not want to take away outlet to relieve stress Study recommend banning tobacco sales on bases , prohibit smoking in uniform
Atlanta  CNN  -- Dozens of Atlanta public school educators falsified standardized tests or failed to address such misconduct in their schools , Gov. Nathan Deal said Tuesday in unveiling the results of a state investigation that confirmed widespread cheating in the city schools dating as far back as 2001 . Some of the cheating could result in criminal charges , Deal said . "  I think the overall conclusion was that testing and results and targets being reached became more important than actual learning for children , " Deal said . "  And when reaching targets became the goal , it was a goal that was pursued with no excuses . " Falsifying test results made the schools appear to be performing better than they really were . But in the process , students were deprived of critical remedial education and taxpayers were cheated , as well , Deal said . Investigators said 178 teachers and principals working at 44 schools were involved . The educators , including 38 principals , were either directly involved in erasing wrong answers on a key standardized test or they knew -- or should have known -- what was going on , according to Deal 's office . Deal 's office said 82 of the educators acknowledged involvement , according to the report . Six principals declined to answer investigators ' questions and invoked the Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination , Deal said . Whether to bring criminal charges will be up to prosecutors , Deal said . Georgia State School Superintendent Dr. John Barge and Kathleen Mathers , executive director of the governor 's Office of Student Achievement , released a joint statement Tuesday condemning "  unethical behavior . " "  Some educators , including those in leadership positions , chose their own interests over helping students entrusted to their care , " the statement said . "  While this story has dominated the headlines over the last couple of years , it is important to remember that the vast majority of the educators in Georgia are ethically sound and work diligently with the best interests of their students in mind . " The investigation 's findings have been forwarded to the state teacher licensing board , Deal said . That agency could take disciplinary action against the educators involved . Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed , who was briefed on the report , said the investigation "  confirms our worst fears . " "  There is no doubt that systemic cheating occurred on a widespread basis in the school system , " Reed said in a statement . "  Further , there is no question that a complete failure of leadership in the Atlanta Public School system hurt thousands of children who were promoted to the next grade without meeting basic academic standards . " The cheating was brought to light after marked improvements in the district 's performance on the 2009 statewide Criterion-Referenced Competency test  CRCT  revealed a pattern of incorrect test answers being erased and replaced with correct answers . Investigators compared the results with test results from other Georgia schools and found that such patterns did not occur normally , Deal said . That the district 's CRCT results fell in 2010 further confirmed the findings , according to the report . A spokesman for Atlanta Public Schools said district officials would have no immediate comment . The cheating accompanied a "  culture of fear , intimidation and retaliation " within the district , according to a summary of the report released by Deal 's office . The report also found a "  major failure of leadership " within the district . Beverly Hall , who was superintendent of the district when the cheating scandal surfaced , has since resigned . Hall won accolades for the district 's apparent successes during her tenure , and she was named superintendent of the year by the American Association of School Administrators in 2009 . Neither Hall nor her attorney , Richard Deane , has seen or been briefed on the report , Deane said Tuesday . The full text of the report was not released . Deal said it was being withheld pending consultation with the state attorney general 's office .	New : Educators chose own interests over helping students , superintendent says Report "  confirms our worst fears , " Atlanta mayor says Report confirms widespread cheating in Atlanta public schools Investigators said 178 teachers and principals were involved
CNN  -- British police arrested a 44-year-old man accused of trying to get into London 's Buckingham Palace illegally on Monday , authorities said . David Belmar was stopped at the main gate facing the Victoria Memorial , and a search revealed he was carrying a knife , according to Metropolitan Police . He did not gain access to the palace grounds , police said . The man was arrested on suspicion of trespassing on a protected site and possession of an offensive weapon , and remained in custody Monday afternoon , police said . He was later charged with trespassing and possession of a bladed or pointed article . No injuries were reported . Belmar is expected to appear in custody at West London Magistrates ' Court on Tuesday . Buckingham Palace , the best known of Queen Elizabeth II 's palaces , is the administrative center for the royal household as well as the queen 's London residence . The incident came more than a month after police said a man scaled a security fence to enter the palace . The man was found inside the palace in an area open to the public during the day , police said . Two men were arrested on that day -- one on suspicion of conspiracy to commit burglary , the other accused of burglary , trespass and criminal damage . Prince Andrew mistaken for intruder Bumming a smoke from the queen : when the security bubble bursts	NEW : David Belmar , 44 , is charged with trespassing , possession He is stopped at the main gate facing Victoria Memorial , police say Arrest comes a month after someone scaled security fence to enter palace
London  CNN  -- Even "  the office cat " knew about phone hacking at News of the World , a former journalist at the tabloid insisted in court Wednesday , testifying that his phone hacking skills were the main reason former Editor Andy Coulson hired him . "  Coulson knew it , " said Dan Evans , who confessed on the stand this week to hacking into actor Daniel Craig 's voice mail and finding out that actress Sienna Miller was having an affair with the James Bond star . She was seeing actor Jude Law at the time . Coulson , who became British Prime Minister David Cameron 's spokesman after resigning from the tabloid over an earlier hacking scandal , is one of seven people on trial accused of phone hacking and related crimes in London . He denies the charges . News of the World owner Rupert Murdoch shut the paper down in the summer of 2011 in the face of public fury over its journalists listening to private voice mails , including those of a missing teenager Milly Dowler . Dowler later was found to have been murdered . Police investigations suggest that thousands of people , from celebrities and politicians to crime and terror victims , were targeted by News of the World phone hacking . Testy exchanges Coulson 's attorney , Timothy Langdale , spent Wednesday grilling Evans about subjects from the mechanics of phone hacking to his efforts to get immunity from prosecution in exchange for testimony . The exchanges got testy at times , such as when Langdale said there was nothing to stop Evans from looking for another job if he was unhappy at News of the World . "  There was nothing to stop me jumping off a bridge either , but I did n't do that , " Evans shot back . Langdale pressed Evans on why he left the Sunday Mirror for the News of the World , questioning Evans ' explanation that he wanted to stop hacking phones . Evans said he was so unhappy at the paper that he turned to alcohol and cocaine . "  Was all that because of the hacking you had to do ? " Langdale asked . "  Carrying an enormous secret made me unhappy , and delving into the lives of people who did n't deserve it made me unhappy , " Evans testified . But he continued hacking phones at News of the World , he testified , saying it was "  absolutely " the reason Coulson hired him . Craig 's phone hacked On Tuesday , Evans said he had played Coulson a voice mail left by Miller for Craig while she was at a club with Law , and that Coulson had said : "  Brilliant ! " Langdale pressed him Wednesday on whether Coulson had said that . "  The exact word ` brilliant ' may have been paraphrasing , " Evans said . "  You 've gotten into the habit of paraphrasing , have n't you ? " Langdale shot back . A similar exchange came later Wednesday morning when Langdale attacked Evans ' assertion that phone hacking was discussed at the main weekly News of the World news meeting . Evans conceded that his account was based on hearsay from a colleague . "  You 're prone to making sweeping assertions which are not based in fact , are n't you ? " the defense lawyer demanded . "  That is not correct , sir , although I understand why you might want people to think that , " Evans said . Coulson was editor of the paper in 2006 when its royal correspondent was arrested for conspiracy to hack phones . The correspondent , Clive Goodman , later pleaded guilty . Coulson then resigned , always denying he knew of the hacking . Then Cameron , the British Conservative party leader , hired Coulson to be his top communications adviser . Cameron became Prime Minister in 2010 . At the height of the phone hacking furor in July 2011 , Cameron said he would make a profound apology if it turned out that Coulson had lied about his knowledge of phone hacking . The hacking allegations prompted Cameron to set up an independent inquiry , led by Lord Justice Leveson , to make recommendations on journalistic ethics and examine the relationship of the media with the public , police and politicians .	Reporter tells court he was hired for his phone hacking skills at now-defunct tabloid Reporter has confessed to hacking into actor Daniel Craig 's voice mail Ex-tabloid editor among seven on trial accused of phone hacking crimes Phone hacking trial of former News of the World editors under way in London
CNN  -- Roger Federer exclusively told CNN that the stunning shot he executed in his U.S. Open semifinal against Novak Djokovic was the best of his career . Roger Federer hailed his stunning shot against Novak Djokovic as the best of his career . The world number one produced a near-faultless performance to defeat fourth seed Djokovic in straight sets to reach his sixth consecutive U.S. Open Final at Flushing Meadows , but it was an outrageous shot to set up match point that will be most remembered . It came with Djokovic serving at 6-5 down in the third set . At love 30-0 up Federer dashed back to the baseline and hit a winner through his legs that flew over the net and past Djokovic into the corner for match point . "  I think it was the greatest shot I have ever hit in my life , " Federer told CNN . "  I have hit some good ones over all the matches I have played , but I think this one , especially under the circumstances at love 30-up and with having chance to maybe clinch the match , was amazing . "  I got a standing ovation and people went crazy -- here in New York the crowds are fantastic -- as it was the perfect shot to hit , at exactly the right time , and I ca n't believe I pulled it off . " Federer also revealed he is producing his best tennis because he is under less pressure than perhaps he was at the same time last year . At this stage in 2008 Federer had not won a grand slam but after winning the French Open and a historic 15th major at Wimbledon this time round he admitted he is more relaxed . "  I have a little bit less pressure to prove myself after reaching the 15 Grand Slams everyone was talking about and I also I won in Paris , " he added . "  Getting through the pregnancy with my wife Mirka and having two beautiful daughters is also something that relaxes you for sure . But at the same time when you walk out on center court there will always be a certain type of pressure which will be there for the rest of my career . "  I just have to make sure I handle it correctly . I always play my best tennis towards the end of a tournament and I am happy that it is continued in this match after everything that has already happened this year . " Federer will play Argentina 's Juan Del Potro who reached his first grand slam final after he crushed Rafael Nadal in the other semifinal . The sixth seed blew Nadal away at the Arthur Ashe Stadium , taking two hours and 20 minutes to take a comprehensive 6-2 6-2 6-2 victory .	Roger Federer hailed a shot against Novak Djokovic as the best of his career The Swiss world number one hit a stunning baseline winner through his legs Federer is going in search of his sixth U.S. Open title at Flushing Meadows Argentina 's Juan Del Potro faces Federer in what will be a first grand slam final
CNN  -- A son of a former Pakistani prime minister was kidnapped Thursday in a deadly raid two days before the son was to stand for provincial assembly elections , one of his brothers told CNN The kidnapping of Ali Haider Gilani is the latest in a string of attacks that have plagued the run-up to Pakistan 's national elections scheduled for Saturday . Two gunmen in a vehicle killed two people and injured eight others as they kidnapped Gilani in Punjab province , his brother Ali Qasim Gilani told CNN . Ali Haider Gilani -- son of former Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani -- was on his way to address a public meeting in the city of Multan when the attack happened , police senior superintendent Khurram Shakur told local TV reporters . The younger Gilani has been running for a seat in the Punjab provincial assembly . Prime Minister Mir Hazar Khan Khoso called the elder Gilani on Thursday to assure him that all necessary steps would be taken to recover the son , Khoso 's office said . Saturday 's nationwide elections are to be Pakistan 's first democratic transition of power , as the governing Pakistan People 's Party is poised to become the first civilian government to complete a full five-year term . But campaigns have been plagued by deadly violence in recent weeks , and the Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for several hits on candidates ' campaigns . At least 16 people died Tuesday in two attacks in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province ; one attack targeted a PPP rally , and the other targeted a candidate for the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal Ur Rehman group , police said . And on Monday , an explosion killed 18 people at a rally for Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal Ur Rehman , a right-wing religious party with sympathies for the militant Taliban movement . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for that blast , saying it attacked because one of the candidates , Munir Orakzai , has handed over members of the Mujahedeen to the United States . Yousuf Raza Gilani was prime minister from 2008 to 2012 . CNN 's Tim Schwarz , Jason Hanna and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Ali Haider Gilani kidnapped in deadly attack in Punjab province , brother says Two people killed , eight others hurt during attack , brother says Police : Gilani , candidate for Punjab provincial assembly , was on way to public meeting Gilani is son of former Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani
CNN  -- The gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old student on a moving bus in New Delhi in December 2012 marked a sharp turning point for the debate on women 's rights in India . The protests that exploded nationwide following the incident brought the issue forcefully to the political table in a way that revealed the power of the Indian masses , according to a prominent advocate for women 's rights . "  As women in India , we grow up with constraints ; and live with a degree of discrimination and assault , " says Karuna Nundy , a Supreme Court lawyer , adding that privileged women , who have a significant amount of power , have to deal with it a lot less . "  But when thousands of people came out onto the streets and walked in front of the Rashtrapati Bhavan , the presidential palace , I think it became clear to me that none of us have to deal with this anymore -- that people around the country are standing with us and saying ` enough . ' " That sentiment is shared by the majority of Indians taking part in the country 's general election this month , according to a recent public opinion poll . More than 90 % of Indian voters see the combating of violence against women as a priority , second only to corruption , the MDRA/Avaaz survey released last week shows . According to the poll , 75 % of men and women participating in the largest democratic event in history also believe that the political promises made to advocate women 's rights have been inadequate so far . "  The electoral process is a very important time to hold parties to account and to make it clear that politicians will lose their seats if they do n't truly represent the aspirations of the people , " says Nundy . "  Politicians need to respond to that . " So what are some of the main promises being made by the leading election contenders ? The three main parties cite similar goals , including enacting the Women 's Reservation Bill , which would allocate a third of seats in parliament and state legislatures for women , as well as enforcing fast-track courts -- the same process used to convict the accused men in the gang rape case . The ruling Indian National Congress party , which has been in power for 49 years and is led by Sonia Gandhi , claims it will ensure at least 25 % of staff at all police stations are female . The main opposition , Bharatiya Janata Party  BJP  led by Narendra Modi , released its manifesto on the first day of the polls and says women 's security is its focus . The recently formed Aam Adme Party  AAP or "  Common Man " party  , born out of a desire to eliminate corruption , enjoyed an astonishing victory in Delhi in the local assembly elections last year . During a news conference in New Delhi on Thursday , the party 's leader and former activist Arvind Kejriwal said women 's safety is the "  biggest issue which has come to the forefront " and promised it would be high on the party 's agenda . But how convincing are these pledges ? "  There have always been throwaway , ad hoc references to realizing women 's rights in manifestos in the past , " says Nundy . "  In this election we see an increase in parties addressing those rights . They 're addressing them more frequently but the approach is still ad hoc . " The outcry after the gang rape in Delhi did instigate some change , says Nundy . For instance , under the Criminal Law  Amendment  Act , 2013 , stalking and voyeurism have become offenses and it is now possible to file a criminal complaint against a police officer . "  But it 's not enough , " Nundy says . For example , "  marital rape is still not criminalized , it 's still explicitly legal .  The law  says it 's rape unless the parties are married . " Dissatisfied with the government 's efforts , NGOs , women 's movements , journalists , economists , academics and lawyers are promoting their "  Womanifesto : " A six-point plan , first drafted last year , that details what needs to be done within the next five years to improve conditions for India 's women and girls . The six points are : Educate for equality ; make laws count ; put women in power ; appoint police for the people ; enact swift , certain justice ; and ensure a flourishing economy . Nundy , co-founder of the plan , received early confirmation from AAP party leader Kejriwal to commit to the charter . However , the Congress and the BJP are yet to agree . Another motivation for the Womanifesto was to spell out the process in which women 's issues should be tackled . Co-contributor Kavita Krishnan , who is also secretary of the AIPWA  All India Progressive Women Association  and national leader of the Communist Party of India  CPIML  says political parties end up "  moral policing women in the name of protecting them " by imposing dress codes or punishing couples for being intimate in public . Although the mass protests following the Delhi gang rape spurred change , Krishnan argues that the focus of the outcry needs to shift : "  Among the protesters there was still a large number that demanded the death penalty for rapists and little else -- and it is this sentiment that parties tend to play to , pushing patriarchal protectionism rather than women 's equality and rights . " Nundy says a drawback in India is action : "  The problem with India is not that we have bad laws ; I mean , the laws are n't perfect at all , but the problem is that they are n't implemented . " Another major challenge for the Indian government is the country 's 1.2 billion population , with richly diverse religious and cultural practices . Some , such as infanticide and dowry customs , are oppressive for women . So how can any plan accommodate the entire country ? Referring to the Womanifesto , Nundy says : "  There would be local discussions about this . This is one page . It ca n't be the same plan for everyone ; India 's too big a country . Breaking down  the plan  for local practices and customs would be required . " Priya Nanda , group director at the International Center for Research on Women  ICRW  , adds : "  Civil society needs to help the government . For certain areas , even the government does n't have the skills . "  It 's not just about running out there and delivering a service or a product . You 're building perspectives , trying to change norms and attitudes , so it takes time to do that . " INTERACTIVE : India elections : By the numbers	A recent poll finds most Indians see combating violence against women as a political priority The three main parties in India 's general elections have pledged to support women 's rights Dissatisfied with the state 's efforts , civil society groups draft a plan to tackle women 's issues
Mashable  -- Facebook accidentally went live with a handful of prototype features earlier today , including a site-wide yet short-lived overhaul of Pages . Roughly 45 minutes after the mistaken update , Facebook disabled the site , reverted back to its previous state and then tweeted apologetically about the downtime . But that brief span of time was enough for Facebook members and Page admins to get a sneak peak at new features in the works . Facebook admitted to pushing features before their time . "  Also , some internal prototypes were exposed to people and resulted in us disabling the site briefly . It 's now back to normal , " read a tweet from Facebook . So what were those prototypes exactly ? Screenshots shared with us and surfaced through other media outlets suggest all of the following : new Facebook Pages  with Questions integration  , a "  Switch Accounts " feature for Page Admins , a new Memories feature that chronicles photos and status updates from years past and an "  Outside World " filter for the News Feed . What follows is a deeper look at what some Facebook users saw today . New Facebook Pages Pages got a temporary facelift with a tab-free design -- the navigation instead being placed on the left-hand side of the Page -- that more closely resembles Facebook Place Pages and member Profiles . We also noticed that Questions were integrated into the Pages experience and that Facebook introduced a "  Switch Accounts " feature for Page admins . We initially thought it strange that new Facebook Pages would be released without an announcement from Facebook . Commenters agreed ; many of you expressed displeasure at the idea that would Facebook would overhaul Pages without notifying you of the changes first . When pressed for clarification specifically around Pages , a Facebook spokesperson shared the following statement : "  While we are always experimenting with new features internally we are not making changes to Pages right now . Organizations invest a lot of time on their Facebook Pages because millions of people find them useful everyday . We remain committed to providing ways for Page owners to customize and control the experience on their Page . If we do make changes , we will provide partners with advance notice . " Memories Several users reported having access to a new "  Memories " option listed below Photos in the left-hand menu on their Profile Pages . A "  Mashable " commenter said of the feature , "  I was online during the glitch and also saw a new MEMORIES link under my profile pic . It 's gone now but I did get a sneak peek while it lasted . It allowed you to look back at status updates , photos , and new friends ... giving a snapshot of each year I 've been on FB . " The "  Next Web " reporter Courtney Boyd Myers saw the Memories option and described it in a similar fashion . "  It showed options for jumping to photos grouped by years : 2010 , 2009 , 2008 , etc. with complementing information like status dated status updates , the number of friends added per year , events attended and Facebook places check-ins , " she wrote . Memories would make for a pleasant  hopefully  walk down memory lane , so we hope this features finds its way back to Profile Pages in the near future . Outside World News Feed Filter We also found some evidence that Facebook may still be testing a filter for the News Feed called "  Outside World . " Twitter user @casschin posted a TwitPic of the filter that shows the News Feed with a Most Recent drop-down menu that includes "  Outside World " as a filter . "  FBHive " first unearthed the filter back in 2009 and speculated that it was an RSS-like option for the News Feed . At the time , "  TechCrunch " confirmed with Facebook that the filter was for internal staffers only . We 're not quite sure to make of this one just yet . Photos Lightbox UI Several commenters have said they also saw the lightbox UI for Facebook Photos , albeit with a few bugs . The photo included here comes courtesy of "  Mashable " reader Andrew Mrozkowski . The feature was first previewed when Facebook upgraded Photos two months ago . "  Any time you click on an image anywhere on Facebook , be it in an album or in your News Feed or on a friend 's Wall , you 'll see a black box hovering over the rest of the screen with some minimal navigation controls and relevant social features , allowing you to concentrate completely on the image at hand , " said "  Mashable " reporter Jolie O'Dell at the time . Removal of "  Comment " Button from Comment Box Facebook may have pushed a premature update to comment boxes earlier today , according to Mashable readers . Readers are reporting that comment boxes temporarily mirrored those in the new Facebook Groups product and did not have the "  Comment " button . Without the button , a user simply needs to hit the Enter/Return key to submit his comment . The screenshot above is merely a mock up , but these reports sound about right . Facebook consistently updates older products to match the style of its newer ones . Hat tip to Long Nguyen , Dep and the rest of our astute readers on this find . Were you privy to these or other changes ? Share your thoughts in the comments . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook accidentally went live with a handful of prototype features Users temporarily saw Pages get a temporary facelift with a tab-free design Users also reported having access to a new "  Memories " option listed below Photos
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- Warring parties in South Sudan have agreed to peace talks where a cessation of hostilities between President Salva Kiir 's forces and supporters of former Vice President Riek Machar will top the agenda , the United Nations special representative to South Sudan told CNN on Tuesday . The two sides have agreed to nominate delegations to be sent to Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa , home of the African Union , for the talks that are likely to begin Thursday , Hilde Johnson , the special representative , said . The announcement by Johnson contradicted earlier reports in the day that a cease-fire had been reached . The Intergovernmental Authority on Development , along with the African Union and other countries , has been mediating between the battling parties following an outbreak of deadly violence in South Sudan . Despite word of the pending peace talks , fighting continued Tuesday in the towns of Bor , capital of oil-rich Jonglei state , and Bentiu , in Unity state , with no sign of a cease-fire in sight . East African leaders on Friday gave the warring factions four days to lay down their arms , in a bid to bring more than two weeks of violence to an end . The fighting began after Kiir , from South Sudan 's Dinka ethnic group , accused troops loyal to Machar , from the Nuer community , of trying to launch a coup . The two men have long been political rivals , and Kiir dismissed Machar , along with the Cabinet , in July . Negotiating peace A source close to Machar told CNN on Tuesday that the rebel leader has sent a delegation to Addis Ababa for talks with the South Sudanese government . Dina Mufti , a spokesman for Ethiopia 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said Kiir and Machar would meet in the city . But the source close to Machar , who spoke on condition of anonymity , told CNN he was not going himself but was sending a team that includes Rebecca Garang , the widow of former leader John Garang , and the acting governor of Jonglei state . Mufti said the discussions would have an "  unstructured agenda , " with the talking points to be decided in the course of the meeting . The talks will be chaired by Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn , who 's the current chairman of the African Union and Intergovernmental Authority on Development . Other parties will also mediate in the talks , Mufti said . CNN has been unable to reach anyone from the South Sudanese government for comment on the talks . Kiir told CNN on Monday that African nations should have acted quickly to help quell the rebel forces . As soon as an attempted coup took place and violence broke out , "  the original leaders and all African leaders should have come in with military support , " so that the rebels would have been "  crushed once and for all , " he said . If the other side , led by Machar , does not agree to talk , then "  we will fight , " Kiir vowed . "  In both cases , " he said , peace "  will be restored . " Sanctions threat The leaders of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development warned Friday that they would "  take action " to stop the conflict that the United Nations says has killed more than 1,000 people and forced about 122,000 from their homes . Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni , at a news conference , said that if Machar did not agree to talks , the other countries would "  go for him . " Asked what that means , he said , "  defeat him . " The Peace and Security Council of the African Union , which met Monday in Gambia , called on all sides to "  immediately and unconditionally cease hostilities " and engage in dialogue . It also warned it would take measures including "  targeted sanctions " against those who incite violence and ethnic strife , hinder humanitarian efforts or harm civilians . White Army Bor , a strategically important town in the center of the country , has been a flashpoint for violence . It was recaptured by the army last week in a bloody battle . But the latest clashes suggest that rebels loyal to Machar are unwilling to let go easily . Sudan People 's Liberation Army spokesman Col. Phillip Aguer warned over the weekend that about 20,000 ethnic Nuer from the so-called White Army , an ethnic militia loyal to Machar , were headed to Bor . South Sudanese Deputy Information Minister Rachel Nyedak Paul told CNN on Monday that government officials had persuaded the White Army to retreat from the town . But members of the militia were involved in Tuesday 's clashes , according to Paul -- suggesting that the agreement had broken down . The youths are known as the White Army for the white powder they use to cover their skin as an insect repellent . Fighting first broke out on December 15 in the capital city of Juba . It then quickly spread across the country , with reports of mass killings that were lent credence by mass graves . ` No clean water , no food ' The violence has sparked a growing humanitarian crisis . Of at least 122,000 people displaced since the fighting began , about 63,000 have taken refuge in U.N. bases in the country , according to the United Nations . The nongovernmental organization Doctors Without Borders said Monday that aid is urgently needed for 70,000 people who have fled the fighting in Bor . They have sought shelter in the town of Awerial , in neighboring Lakes state , but the town is ill-equipped to cope with the influx , it said . "  Living conditions are verging on the catastrophic , " the group said in a prepared statement . Aurelie Dupont , emergency coordinator for Doctors Without Borders in Awerial , said the situation for women and children who 've fled their homes with few belongings was alarming . "  There is no clean water , no food , and no place to shelter or sleep , " she said . "  They are relying solely on the help of the local population . " A report submitted to the African Union council meeting said the situation on the ground remains "  very volatile , " amid worsening ethnic tensions . "  There are reliable reports that a large number of civilians died in a series of selective killings in Bor town , in Jonglei State , and Bentiu town , in Unity State , that looks very much like an ethnic pogrom , " it said . South Sudan formally split from Sudan in 2011 after a referendum , following decades of conflict . Numerous armed groups remain active in the oil-rich country . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Antonia Mortensen reported from Juba and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Lillian Leposo and Nana Karikari-apau , and journalist Michael Atsbeha contributed to this report .	NEW : Warring sides in South Sudan agree to peace talks , a U.N. representative says Rebels and government troops are fighting in Bor and Bentiu towns The rebels are loyal to former South Sudan Vice President Riek Machar President Salva Kiir has said his forces "  will fight " if Machar will not agree to talk
Chicago , Illinois  CNN  -- Prosecutors have dismissed all four charges against Robert Blagojevich , brother of former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich , defense attorney Michael Ettinger said Thursday . "  I was in shock and still am , " Ettinger said . He said that when he told his client , Robert Blagojevich said , " ` Oh , my God ; oh , my God . ' And I told him , ` You 're done . You 're free . ' His wife is hysterical . " Ettinger said prosecutors told a judge at a hearing Thursday that they were dropping the charges because of "  the disparity in the roles between Robert and Rod " and "  in the interests of justice . " On August 17 , after deliberating for 14 days , a jury in a federal corruption trial convicted Rod Blagojevich of lying to the FBI but said they were deadlocked on the other 23 counts against the former governor as well as the four against Robert Blagojevich . Prosecutors have vowed to retry Rod Blagojevich , who faced charges including racketeering , wire fraud , attempted extortion and bribery . The two-term Democrat was removed from office in January 2009 amid accusations that he attempted to sell the U.S. Senate seat that Barack Obama held before he was elected president . The former governor will be retried after the first of 2011 , said his lead attorney , Samuel Adam Sr. . Adam indicated that he is not happy at the limit placed on the number of federally funded attorneys on Blagojevich 's legal team . Blagojevich qualifies for a public defender , U.S. District Judge James Zagel said , and he will appoint two attorneys and possibly a paralegal , according to CNN affiliate WGN . A pro bono attorney is allowed , but Blagojevich must disclose the source of the funds if he has any paid representation , Zagel said , according to WGN . The last trial was funded with nearly $ 3 million in campaign money . "  You saw what happened in court . We 're now down one defendant , one less charge , and we 're down about eight lawyers , " Adam said . He said he thought Zagel was wrong to say he could appoint only two attorneys . Attorneys in the case have gone through piles of papers and listened to hours of taped conversations . "  We have millions of documents to go over . We had 20 people working full-time on this case , " he said . Adam said his next step will be to sit down with the former governor and "  decide what is best for him . ... That 's the only question that is important . " Defense attorney Sheldon Sorosky said prosecutors should now dismiss the case against Rod Blagojevich . Adam said it could still happen , noting , "  The government has done some strange things in this case already . " The former governor "  is innocent of any crime , " Adam said . "  You 've got to keep that in mind . " He said he is open to discussions with prosecutors , but has not been approached . Adam said he had not spoken to Blagojevich and did n't know what his reaction would be to prosecutors dropping charges against his brother . Robert Blagojevich was charged with one count of wire fraud , one count of extortion conspiracy , one count of attempted extortion , and one count of bribery conspiracy . Asked why prosecutors dismissed charges against Robert Blagojevich , Ettinger said , "  I did n't ask , but I 'm not going to argue with them . " "  What he 's been through , and what he thought he was going to go through again , and then out of nowhere , they dismiss the charges ... I 've been doing this a long time , and things like this do n't happen , " the attorney said . But "  the evidence was far from great against him , " Ettinger said . "  I 'm sure they know the jury was 9-3 for acquittal . " He said he was told that six women on the jury refused to convict Robert Blagojevich in any circumstances . He said Robert Blagojevich could be subpoenaed in his brother 's retrial . During the first trial , Robert Blagojevich testified his brother was "  trying to politically work something to his benefit " in handling the Senate appointment , but was thinking in terms of political horse-trading , not corruption . In a conversation recorded by federal agents , the then-governor told an aide , "  I 've got this thing , and it 's -LSB- expletive -RSB- golden . I 'm just not giving it up for -LSB- expletive -RSB- nothing . " "  It did n't seem out of the ordinary , because Obama was taking a lot of people from Illinois with him to D.C. , " said Robert Blagojevich , who raised money for his brother . He said his brother "  was interested in the idea of being the head of Health and Human Services . " While awaiting trial , the ousted governor repeatedly asserted his innocence in interviews and on Twitter , as well as during his appearances on the "  Celebrity Apprentice " reality show . "	4 charges against Robert Blagojevich are dropped Attorneys for former Gov. Rod Blagojevich are to meet with him Robert Blagojevich could be subpoenaed in the retrial Rod Blagojevich was convicted on one count ; the jury deadlocked on 23 others
CNN  -- This year 's Hollywood Issue of Vanity Fair magazine showcases a diverse group of actors and actresses -- which is generally making the Internet very happy . Among the performers featured on the magazine 's March cover , an annual showcase for Hollywood 's best and brightest , are six actors of color : Chiwetel Ejiofor , Idris Elba , Michael B. Jordan , Lupita Nyong ` o , Naomie Harris and Chadwick Boseman . All starred in notable movies in 2013 , and two -- Ejiofor and Nyong ' o -- are up for Academy Awards . They share the cover with some Hollywood royalty , including Julia Roberts and George Clooney . 2014 awards season : Does diversity matter more than wins ? Observers welcomed the wider palette . "  Can we get all the-times-they-are-a-changin ' for a minute ? " wrote Jezebel 's Dodai Stewart . "  Vanity Fair 's 20th annual Hollywood Issue has a three-panel gatefold cover , as usual , but this year , there are actual black people on the first third , i.e. the part you see on the newsstand . Progress ! " As Stewart notes , in years past , the magazine has been criticized for featuring a narrow branch of Hollywood talent -- usually a gathering of exquisitely made-up , mostly white , twentysomething and thirtysomething actresses . The 2010 cover , which included a host of young female stars such as Anna Kendrick and Carey Mulligan , probably came in for the most criticism . That year , Jezebel tersely headlined its story , " ` Young Hollywood ' Is White , Thin . " Vanity Fair has also been criticized for sexism , particularly the 2006 cover , which featured dressed-up fashion designer Tom Ford alongside the nude  and very pale  Scarlett Johansson and Keira Knightley . But this year has brought approval . Salon 's Daniel D'Addario praised the range of age and celebrity wattage as well as race . "  The cover shows  a healthy and interesting mix of celebrities on every rung of the star system , from the megastar Roberts to the emerging  Margot  Robbie , as well as more than just a group of white stars , " he wrote . The Twitterverse has been equally enthusiastic . "  Look at all these beautiful black people on the cover of Vanity Fair , " wrote @MiaTheBoss . "  I love this !! Yes , Vanity Fair for setting a record . 6 people of color on their cover , " tweeted @JermaineBrowne . However , some people said they believed the cover was n't diverse enough . On Vanity Fair 's website , rmpfdx wrote , "  Black and white is not diversity . It 's easy tokenism . Where are the Latinos  who far outnumber blacks in this country  ? Where are the Asians ? Where are the Native Americans ? Hollywood always make sure to include one black and then forgets that other colors and ethnic groups exist too . This cover does n't inspire -- it sickens . " In a press release , Vanity Fair played up the abilities of the cover stars . "  For the 20th annual Vanity Fair Hollywood Issue , the magazine celebrates a year of spectacular film with a group of distinguished actors , " the magazine said . The cover photo was shot by Annie Leibovitz .	Vanity Fair Hollywood Issue features six performers of color Magazine has been criticized in past for focusing mostly on white stars Commentators , Twitterverse approve of the range of talent for magazine cover
CNN  -- Two California prison inmates who authorities say directed members of their respective groups -- a street gang and a transnational organized crime syndicate -- to help them steal $ 8 million from people 's bank accounts were sentenced Wednesday to 25 years in prison . Angus Brown , 36 , and Arman Sharopetrosian , 33 , were convicted of leading the ring from California 's Avenal State Prison , where they were cellmates in 2009 , Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph McNally said . The case was one of two major federal indictments targeting the transnational Armenian Power crime group , to which Sharopetrosian belongs and which allegedly has ties to high-level crime figures in Armenia and elsewhere , authorities said . "  Brown and Sharopetrosian  basically combined their skills to execute the bank fraud , " McNally said . Brown , a street gang member , and Sharopetrosian directed non-imprisoned members of their groups to execute the scheme , in which they 'd bribe bank insiders to get people 's bank account and personal information , authorities said . The pair 's associates would make out high-dollar checks from those accounts , forge the victims ' signatures and then deposit the checks into accounts the conspirators established , prosecutors said . More than 500 victims in multiple states were targeted for a total of more than $ 8 million , McNally said . The conspirators mostly targeted older people , believing them to be less "  proficient in checking up on their accounts via the Internet , " prosecutors said in court documents . Brown and Sharopetrosian had been nearing the end of their prison sentences . Brown was serving time for identity theft , and Sharopetrosian was in prison for shooting at an occupied vehicle and carrying a concealed weapon , authorities said . "  The goal ultimately was once those checks were deposited from the bank accounts , their associates on the outside would obtain the cash and split up the proceeds , " McNally said . Sharopetrosian , of Burbank , California , was convicted in March of bank fraud conspiracy , bank fraud and aggravated bank fraud . Brown pleaded guilty in December to conspiracy to commit bank fraud conspiracy , bank fraud and aggravated identity theft . Sharopetrosian 's attorney , Anthony Brooklier , said Wednesday that his client was addicted to heroin at the time , and that the addiction clouded his judgment . "  If feel bad for him and his family . It was a case where he was using drugs at the time , and he was n't thinking clearly , " said Brooklier , who added he intends to appeal his client 's sentence . Brooklier contends that Sharopetrosian was involved for only a portion of the scheme 's time line , and that no loss of money is directly attributable to Sharopetrosian . Brown 's attorney , Rob Scott , said he 'd also appeal the sentence , arguing that it was too long . "  In California , first-degree murder is 25 years to life in prison . This is bank fraud case , no violence , and here he is getting 25 years , the same  you can get  for murder , " Scott said . "  Something seems counterintuitive about that . " Sharopetrosian is one of 70 defendants named in a racketeering indictment -- the second major case targeting Armenian Power , authorities said . Most have pleaded guilty , but the rest -- Sharopetrosian and 32 others -- are awaiting trial , McNally said . Both indictments were unsealed in February 2011 . Members of Armenian Power have a heritage going back to Armenia and other Eastern Bloc countries , and the crime group started as a street gang in East Hollywood , California , in the 1980s , authorities said . Members identify themselves with tattoos , graffiti and gang clothing , but the organization is more concerned with racketeering than controlling "  turf , " authorities have said . McNally said the two indictments have significantly disrupted the group . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this story .	Case partly targeted transnational Armenian Power organized crime group Authorities : Cellmates directed associates on outside to help steal millions from bank accounts More than 500 victims targeted for total of more than $ 8 million , authorities say
CNN  -- The West African country of Guinea , reeling after the death of President Lansana Conte , is staring at the prospect of widespread political instability amid an apparent coup . Lansana Conte came to power in a military coup in 1984 . Journalist Mohammed Kayta in Conakry said the Guinean military seized control of the capital city 's streets in an apparent coup . He reported that the military was holding negotiations to determine who will succeed Conte , who ruled the country for nearly 25 years . The action followed an announcement on national radio Tuesday by army Capt. Foamed Dadis Camara that government and national institutions had been dissolved , according to Le Jour , a national newspaper , and the subsequent announcement by Prime Minister Ahmed Tidiane Souare that the government continued to function . Soldiers were out in force , including around the offices of the president and prime minister in Conakry , local journalist Barry Minkalou told CNN . The streets were calm , with no reports of injuries or violence , he said . Camara said Tuesday an "  advisory council " of civilians and soldiers would be set up . The Foreign Office in Great Britain said it was "  concerned by reports of a military coup . "  We condemn any attempt to seize power by force , and call on all parties to ensure respect for democracy , human rights and the rule of law , and to safeguard the well-being of their own citizens and foreign nationals in Guinea , " the office said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who issued a statement commending Conte and passing along condolences , urged "  a peaceful and democratic transfer of power " and exhorted "  the armed forces and all stakeholders to respect the democratic process . " The United Nations told its personnel in Guinea to stay off the streets . "  All U.N. staff have been encouraged to stay at home , " the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees ' spokesman in Guinea , Faya Foko Millimouno , told CNN . "  Only the military is in the street now . " The U.S. Embassy in Conakry warned Americans in the country "  to be particularly alert to their surroundings , and to be prepared for any eventuality . " Aboubacar Sompare , president of the National Assembly , announced Conte 's death . "  We regret to announce to the people of Guinea the death of Gen. Lansana Conte after a long illness , " Sompare said , according to Le Jour . Conte was 74 . A 40-day period of national mourning has been declared . Conte came to power in a military coup on April 3 , 1984 . Guinea is one of the poorest countries in the world , despite its mineral wealth , according to the British charity Plan UK . The country hosts large refugee populations from neighboring Liberia and Ivory Coast .	Guinea President Lansana Conte dies ; 40 days of mourning declared Army captain says government institutions dissolved Prime minister insists government is functioning Conte 's death was announced by president of the National Assembly
Washington  CNN  -- A super PAC backed by the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch is dropping $ 6.5 million into six competitive Senate races in a final ad push to send Republican candidates to the upper chamber . The television ads , which will air in Alaska , Arkansas , North Carolina , Colorado , Iowa and New Hampshire , link Democratic candidates in each race to President Barack Obama , reinforcing Republican messaging throughout the 2014 midterm season that has pushed the Democratic candidates in each of those states to keep their distance from the President . Local residents are the face of ads in the six states , saying either "  there are lots of reasons " or "  there are many reasons " why the Democrat does n't deserve their vote . And the voters go on to say in similar form that , "  A vote for -LSB- insert Democratic candidate here -RSB- is a vote for President Obama . " The ads also close by directly endorsing the Republican candidate for Senate in each race , a push not seen from groups in the Koch political network before 2014 . That 's because Freedom Partners Action Fund is the first super PAC in the Koch 's web of political groups that can do so under campaign laws . And while super PACs , unlike nonprofit issues groups , are required to disclose their donors , super PACs can also directly support individual candidates . The group was founded in June and the Koch Brothers donated more than $ 4 million to Freedom Partners Action Fund , according to the group 's October quarterly disclosure with the Federal Elections Commission . The super PAC has also launched ads in several congressional districts in the last week and plans to push additional ads in key states before the election is over . "  We 'll launch additional ads , it 's just for these states these are kind of our close out messages , " the group 's spokesman James Davis said . Dana Bash contributed to this report .	The ads will air in Alaska , Arkansas , North Carolina , Colorado , Iowa and New Hampshire The ads follow a similar formula attaching the Democrat to President Barack Obama The group behind the ad is Freedom Partners Action Fund
CNN  -- Just as the Netscape IPO inaugurated the dotcom mania of the 90s , so Facebook 's imminent IPO will trigger a hysteria with the social web . But the most interesting question is n't whether Facebook is actually worth $ 100 billion or how many billions of dollars Mark Zuckerberg will personally bank -- but whether or not Facebook really will make the world a better place for its close to a billion users . Zuckerberg certainly thinks it will . "  Facebook was not originally created to be a company . It was built to accomplish a social mission -- to make the world more open and connected , " he wrote in a letter to shareholders that Facebook filed with the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission yesterday . This social mission , Zuckerberg explained , has been designed to give people a voice , to change how society is organized and to bring us closer together as a species . Zuckerberg is n't alone in seeing Facebook as a major engine of historical progress that will "  build real value for the world " . As Larry Summers , the former U.S. treasury secretary , notes about the Facebook offering , it 's "  an American milestone " and Zuckerberg 's company has the same historical significance as Ford or IBM . And just as Ford pioneered the mass-produced motor car and IBM helped develop the personal computer , so Facebook is  re  inventing the internet , transforming it from a solitary experience for anonymous individuals into a shared , social world . Reid Hoffman , the Silicon Valley super-connector who introduced Zuckerberg to his first investor , calls this new world "  Web 3.0 , " describing it as a place of "  real identities generating massive amounts of data . " That data is , of course , all the personal details about ourselves -- the billions of photos , updates and videos that we post narcissistically on our Facebook pages . That data is us . We -- you and I -- are the company 's real product , the oil of our Web 3.0 age . Facebook aggregates and stores all our personal data and then sells access to it to advertisers . That is Facebook 's creepy business model and it 's why the seven-year-old company realized $ 3.71 billion of revenue in 2011 . "  You 've only got one identity , " Zuckerberg once remarked with his typical naivety about the human condition . And , of course , he wants to own that identity , even going as far as to develop a product called Timeline which , quite literally , establishes an official narrative of our lives on his social network . Rather than being just another highly-trafficked website , Facebook 's goal is become the operating system for the entire social web . Through its Social Graph technology , Facebook has introduced apps that allow us to tell our friends what movies we are watching , what books we are reading and what music we are listening to . As Time magazine explained when it made Zuckerberg its 2010 Person of the Year , his goal is to transform the internet into a well-lit dorm room in which "  wherever you go online , you 'll see your friends . " And , of course , your friends -- not to mention your parents , employers , teachers and everyone else online -- will see you . They 'll see you whatever you are doing and thinking and wherever you have been and will go . The impact of Facebook on our privacy is deeply worrying . I 've argued that all this sharing is a trap , designed to tear open our lives . Many other people are now worrying about Facebook 's cult of radical transparency and its willful disregard for privacy . Vivianne Reding , the European commissioner for justice , is even seeking to establish a "  right to forget " law which makes you and I , rather than Facebook , the masters of our own personal data . Zuckerberg 's strategy to promote his IPO is to present Facebook as a technology company that exists for the public good . "  There is a huge need and a huge opportunity to get everyone in the world connected , to give everyone a voice and to help transform society for the future , " he wrote in the SEC letter . But this is a fallacy . Facebook is a privately owned , for profit enterprise that exists for the benefit of its shareholders and employees . Connectivity benefits the company rather than us . Openness , we need to always remember , is a self-serving Silicon Valley ideology rather than a self-evident public good . So forget whether or not Facebook is really worth $ 75 or $ 100 billion . Ignore all the hocus-pocus about "  floats " and how Wall Street bankers really value Facebook . The real value of Facebook lies in whether all this radical transparency will make the world a better place . Many think it will , arguing that Facebook and its "  internet of people " will deepen our democracy and make the world a more open place . I doubt it will . The 1996 Netscape IPO led to the great stock market collapse of April 2000 . But I fear that the 2012 Facebook IPO could lead to a much more human collapse . I worry about the disappearance of core values such as privacy , solitude and secrecy in our Web 3.0 world . So what 's at stake here goes beyond economics . It gets to the very core of what it means to be human in our ubiquitously networked age . Drowning in a tsunami of sharing Whether or not Facebook realizes its imperial dream of becoming the operating system of our Web 3.0 world , there 's no doubt that social networks and social media companies are dramatically changing the internet 's architecture and its economy . On Tuesday evening , I attended the Crunchies , Silicon Valley 's annual Oscar-style award ceremony , which were held in San Francisco 's appropriately transparent Davies Symphony Hall . And while Facebook failed to win any awards , its specter -- or , at least , the specter of social media -- hung heavily over the event . For better or worse , you see , everything and everyone inside Silicon Valley is going social . Indeed , given the visibility of social media companies at the awards , the Crunchies could have been renamed the Socials . Almost every award went to a social company or entrepreneur . Best New Start-up was won by the social pinboard network Pinterest . Founder of the year went to Twitter Chairman Jack Dorsey , while Twitter itself won the Biggest Social Impact award . The Angel Investor award went to Silicon Valley 's most social investor , Reid Hoffman , and the winner of CEO of the Year award was LinkedIn CEO Jeff Weiner . The Facebook social game Words with Friends won the "  Best Time Sink " award , and Best International Start-Up award went to the Brazilian social commerce Peixe Urbano . Google + was awarded the Best Social Application , the photography sharing site Fotopedia won Best Tablet Application , the social network Path 2.0 won Best Design award and the gay social network Grindr won Best Location Application . The legendary Kleiner-Perkins venture capitalist John Doerr described social as the third great wave of technological innovation , after the invention of the personal computer and the internet . Doerr 's wave is about to engulf all of us . Are you ready to be drowned in an online tsunami of sharing ? Introspection versus incessant updates One response to all the self-promotional noise of the social web came this week from a most unexpected source . Susan Cain is the author of the new book "  Quiet : The Power of Introverts in a World That Ca n't Stop Talking . " And "  Quiet , " which is one of the hottest selling books in America right now and was featured as the Time cover story this week , is a reminder of the importance of introspection and solitude in our Facebook , Google + and Twitter age of incessant updates , retweets , likes and pokes . Amidst all the hype of his IPO , I hope Zuckerberg has the opportunity to sit down and read the excellent "  Quiet . " It may inspire him to think more critically about his "  social mission " and the real value of giving everyone a "  voice " to talk about themselves . â $ cents Follow @ajkeen on Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Keen	Commentator Andrew Keen describes the business model that has led to Facebook 's billion-dollar valuation as "  creepy " Keen says the impact of Facebook on our privacy is "  deeply worrying " "  I worry about the disappearance of core values such as privacy , solitude and secrecy , " Keen adds .
CNN  -- The Galaxy S4 mini , a slimmed-down version of Samsung 's flagship smartphone , is on its way , the company announced Thursday . Widely rumored after an accidental leak , the company confirmed that the mini will be one of the products rolled out at a Samsung event in London on June 20 . On the heels of a hot start for the Galaxy S4 , which the company says sold 10 million units in less than a month , the Korean gadget-maker seems to be homing in on the rival iPhone with a handset that promises to be easier to grip than its bulkier cousins in the Galaxy line . The mini will have a 4.3-inch display screen , comparable to the iPhone 5 's 4-inch screen , and weigh 3.77 ounces -- a pip lighter than the iPhone 's 3.95 . The Galaxy S4 has a 5-inch screen , while Samsung 's Galaxy Note II "  phablet " has a whopping 5.5-inch display . "  We want to give people more choices with Galaxy S4 mini , similar look and feel of Galaxy S4 for more compact and practical uses , " J.K. Shin , CEO and president of Samsung 's mobile division , said in a blog post . The new phone will feature an 8-megapixel rear-facing camera  down from the S4 's 13 megapixels  and 2-megapixel front-facing camera . It also will come with 8GB of internal memory , running up to 64GB if , as with the S4 , the user adds an available memory microchip . It will be a sleek 9mm wide  .35 inches  , a hair wider than the iPhone 5 's 7.6 mm  .3 inches  , and run the latest version of Google 's Android operating system , Jelly Bean , with a 1.7 Ghz dual-core processor . The device will come in either white or black . No price or release date was announced . The announcement further illustrates the divergent mobile strategies of Samsung and Apple . While the Cupertino tech giant fine-tunes a single phone , Samsung floods the zone with a variety of models , ranging from low-end handsets to its more upscale Galaxy line . "  Samsung 's overall smartphone strategy is about producing scores of iterations at various price points and screen sizes in order to saturate the market with as much of its hardware as possible , " Natasha Lomas wrote for TechCrunch . "  It 's  a strategy that , coupled with its massive marketing budget , continues to be extremely successful for the Korean electronics giant , making it far harder for other Android  makers  such as HTC to compete with their far more modest device portfolios . "	Samsung announced that smaller version of its Galaxy S4 phone is coming The S4 mini will have a 4.3-inch display screen The existence of the phone had been accidentally leaked on Samsung 's site No price or release date was announced Thursday
CNN  In space there 's no atmosphere , it 's never cloudy , and in geosynchronous orbits it 's never night : a perfect place for a solar power station to harvest uninterrupted power 24 hours a day , 365 days a year . The concept has been around since the 1940s when science fiction writer Isaac Asimov posited the idea of a robot-manned space station that delivered energy to Earth via microwaves . Today , the idea is less science fiction than a steadily advancing reality . Clean energy from above The United States , China , India and Japan all have projects at various stages of development that would see robots assemble solar arrays that could provide the Earth with massive amounts of clean and renewable energy delivered wirelessly . Some variants of the idea could even see as much as 1GW of energy beamed to receivers on Earth -- enough to power a large city . According to Dr Paul Jaffe , spacecraft engineer at the US Naval Research Laboratory , the concept is scientifically sound . "  NASA and the US Department of Energy did a study in the late 70s that cost $ 20 million at the time and looked at it in pretty great depth , " Dr Jaffe told CNN . "  The conclusion at that time was that there was nothing wrong with the physics but the real question is the economics . " The cost lies in the number of space launches required to build the power-transmitting satellite . With costs as high as $ 40,000 per kilogram for some space launches , the final price-tag for the first space-based solar power station could be as high as $ 20 billion . Private contractors While the recent entry of private space companies stands significantly to cut costs , basic physics dictates that getting payloads into space is still an expensive undertaking . "  The subject is revisited every 10 years when the technology changes and some of the factors affecting the economics change . " He said the wars in the Middle East gave new impetus to the space-based solar power as scientific researchers with the military wrestled with the problems of delivering energy to troops in hostile areas . Multiple , and potentially hidden , receivers could tap space-based solar power and relieve the military of the expensive and often dangerous task of supplying troops with generator diesel by either road or air , he said . "  If you could deliver electricity from space , that would be kind of attractive , " he said . Safety concerns Two proven ways of getting the power to Earth exist in the form of either laser beams or microwaves . The laser beam option would involve sending small laser-transmitting satellites into space at the relatively low cost of between $ 500 million and $ 1 billion . The self-assembling satellite would lower costs and the small diameter of the laser beam would make it easier to collect on the ground . But at just 1MW to 10MW per satellite , many satellites would be needed to provide enough energy . As well as this , laser transmitting satellites would have difficulty beaming power through clouds and rain . The microwave option would have the advantage of uninterrupted transmission through rain , hail or any other atmospheric conditions and could provide gigawatts of power . Microwave technology , Dr Jaffe explained , has been established for decades : as early as 1964 , scientists were able to power a helicopter using microwaves . Dr Jaffe said with a large receiving area the energy from the microwaves was so dissipated that it would present no danger to life . The chief disadvantage , however , is the fact that as many as 100 launches into space would be required to construct the space stations with costs running into tens of billions . "  Unfortunately , too , from a public relations standpoint , both microwaves and lasers have negative connotations for most people because they associate microwaves with the oven in their kitchen and lasers with science fiction space battles , " Dr Jaffe said . The power sandwich His research is currently concentrated on the so-called "  sandwich module " -- the part of the solar array that actually converts the sunlight into power . One side of the ` sandwich ' receives solar energy with a photovoltaic panel , electronics in the middle convert the current into a radio frequency and the other side has an antenna to beam it away . "  People might not associate radio waves with carrying energy , " says Jaffe , "  because they think of them for communications , like radio , TV , or cell phones . They do n't think about them as carrying usable amounts of power . " Despite the technology already being available for space-based solar power , Dr Jaffe believes the first space power station is still decades away even though the Japanese have already made it one of the pillars of their space program . "  Without the similar research base that we have in the United States for , say , fusion energy it 's unlikely to make meaningful progress , " he said . "  If the Japanese make progress in the next five years people might start to notice and say ` Why are n't we doing that here . ' Ultimately , he said , space-based solar energy is like most novel ideas . "  It 's hard to tell if it 's nuts until you 've actually tried . " Read more from Tomorrow Transformed : Wind farms of the future go underwater Is the Darknet a glimpse into the web of the future ? China 's impact on the future of e-commerce	With no atmosphere , cloudy weather or even night , space is a perfect place to build our solar power stations The concept has been around since the 1940s when science fiction posited the idea of a robot-manned power station Some variants could provide as much as 1GW of energy beamed to receivers on Earth -- enough to power a large city Some scientists say only the cost of putting payloads in space is preventing the idea becoming a reality
CNN  -- Real Madrid restored their six-point lead at the top of Spain 's La Liga with a 5-1 thrashing of Real Sociedad Saturday . Real were held 1-1 at Villarreal in midweek but in their own Santiago Bernabeu stadium were back to winning ways . Gonzalo Higuain put Los Blancos ahead early in the first half before two goals apiece from Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema completed the rout . Ronaldo 's double left him level with Barcelona superstar Lionel Messi on 35 league goals as the superstar pair match each other goal for goal to maintain their incredible scoring rates . Xavi Prieto was on target late on for the well beaten visitors . Barcelona had earlier briefly cut Real 's lead to just three points after Messi and Gerard Pique scored in a 2-0 win at Mallorca . The victory came despite the reigning champions having to play the last half hour with only 10 men after Thiago Alcantara was shown red . Messi , who became Barcelona 's all-time leading scorer in midweek , got on the scoresheet in the first half . Alexis Sanchez was originally credited with the goal from Messi 's free kick but it was discovered he did not get a touch . Thiago 's dismissal for a second yellow left Barca on the back foot , but when Messi 's late shot hit the post , central defender Pique was the first to react to grab the clinching second .	Real Madrid keep six-point lead with 5-1win over Real Sociedad Cristiano Ronaldo scores double in easy win in Bernabeu Barcelona beat Mallorca 2-0 to maintain pressure at top Lionel Messi credited with opener in the win
CNN  -- Each year on Good Friday in Pampanga , Philippines , 75 kilometers  47 miles  north of Manila , devout Catholics reenact crucifixions to demonstrate their devotion to God . It is the highlight of Holy Week and this year is scheduled to take place on Friday , April 22 . In 2010 Miguel Candela witnessed the colorful and intense event .	Devout Catholics are crucified in Pampanga , Philippines Others flagellate themselves to show devotion Good Friday is highlight of Holy Week in Philippines
CNN  -- America 's most brilliant document declares all men are created equal , however the same can not be said for all dresses . Forty years ago , Diane von Furstenberg created a superior , yet remarkably democratic , dress . Though von Furstenberg was only in her 20s , an awkward time for many young women , she proved to have perfect timing when she unleashed her little dress onto the American fashion landscape . And little did she know that it , and she , would become the timeless icons of glamorous practicality they are today . The 1970s were a time when many women were entering the white-collar work force and also declaring their sexual independence . This was a radical combination of recognizing newfound professional power and redefining old sexual restrictions . Diane von Furstenberg gave this new woman something new to wear for her new career and new sex life . The wrap literally dressed the movement . It liberated women from the stuffy and stiff male-imagined "  working gal " get-ups ; it was easy to put on and take off ; it was smart , affordable and traveled well . The fabric was clingy but not cumbersome ; it celebrated a woman 's silhouette instead of trying to control it . The wrap dress would sway with a woman to her first big job , then seamlessly swing with her to her first hot date . DVF designed a dress for the new American woman on the move . Rarely have we seen such a democratic design . The DVF wrap dress embraces diversity like no other before it or since . It can be worn well by women aged 20 to 70 and sizes 0 to 20 . It comes in classic solids and a plethora of prints , can be layered with everything from denim jackets to floor-length furs . Piles of jewels can fill the open front V-neckline or an elegant collarbone can be the sole accessory . The DVF wrap dress is often the symbol that one has gotten her first "  real " job , yet it is equally appropriate if you occupy the corner office . As many women abandon early adult outfits , the wrap dress endures . Most clothing designs are intended to date you , socioeconomically place you , locate and lock you in some position or lack thereof . But not this power piece , it has the flexibility to grow with you , as you become the fully self-determined , self-defined woman you want to be . A woman gets to fill the wrap with her possibility , and that 's its genius . The DVF wrap is the American dream dress . Using herself as muse , Diane von Furstenberg had a vision for who the American woman would become . She has been known to say she was n't sure what she wanted to do , but she knew the woman she wanted to become . And even before she became the DVF we know and revere , she gave that woman and millions of others something wonderful to wear . The classic sweater ballerinas wear in rehearsals , paired with a fluid skirt , von Furstenberg revealed , inspired the wrap dress . Perhaps she foresaw herself and other American women making graceful global moves . Aside from being a sharp businesswoman whose goods can be purchased in more than 55 countries , in 2006 she became president of the Council of Fashion Designers of America  the industry 's most influential organization  . In 2012 , Forbes Magazine named her one of the 20 most powerful women in business . She has put herself in the center of several humanitarian and philanthropic efforts , including BORNFREE , a campaign to eradicate the spread of HIV from mother to child by 2015 . Yet at the core of her busy  at 67 , she says she 's never worked so hard  multiplatform life is her focus on women . In a recent New York Times interview , von Furstenberg stated : "  Everything I do now is for the empowerment of women . " And it is certain she has secured her legacy . Like the Declaration of Independence , a Diane von Furstenberg dress has been housed in a prestigious institution in Washington , the Smithsonian . In 2009 , first lady Michelle Obama wore a chainlink-print wrap dress on the Obamas ' first official White House Christmas card . The same year , former Vogue contributing editor AndrÃ © Leon Talley curated the retrospective "  Diane Von Furstenberg : Journey of a Dress , " which opened in Moscow . In 2010 , the show went to SÃ # o Paulo , Brazil , and in 2011 to the Pace Gallery in Beijing . It has since been re-imagined and expanded for its American debut at the historic Wilshire May Building in Los Angeles . The show of dresses , photos and original art opened to the public on January 11 and will run through April 1 , 2014 . The 40th birthday party of the dress that made the career that made the icon will go on year-round , with limited-edition collaborations with the Andy Warhol Foundation and a book , "  The Woman I Wanted To Be , " coming in the fall . With America facing the very real possibility of a woman winning the White House in 2016 , Diane von Furstenberg 's 40-year-old business model of investing in independent women , "  celebrating freedom and selling confidence " appears to be more timely than ever .	Diane von Furstenberg 's iconic wrap dress was created 40 years ago The "  Journey of a Dress " exhibition is on display in Los Angeles until April 1 Michaela Angela Davis : Dress is democratic , as it accommodates almost any age or size
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- More than 70 members of the Islamist extremist group Boko Haram have been killed during a Nigerian military operation in the northeastern state of Borno , an Army spokesman told CNN on Friday . The military "  remains on the offensive , " according to Brig. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru , who said the operation started Thursday and continued into the next day . Who are the world 's 10 most dangerous terrorists ? This was n't the only clash between Boko Haram and Nigerian troops of late . Suspected members of the extremist group around 5:30 p.m. Wednesday  12:30 p.m. ET  attacked a military checkpoint in Damaturu , Nigeria 's Joint Task Force reported in a statement . Also in northern Nigeria , Damaturu is the capital of Yobe state . Special operations troops responded , waging "  a fierce encounter with the terrorists in various parts of Damaturu ... for several hours , " according to the Joint Task Force . By the time that fighting was over , 21 suspected Boko Haram fighters were dead , the government group reported . Three vehicles were recovered , as were assault rifles , a rocket-propelled grenade , improvised explosive devices and 709 rounds of ammunition . The military did not provide any information on its casualties . "  Law abiding citizens are enjoined to remain calm as the 3 Division Special Operation Battalion is on top of the situation , " the Joint Task Force said , noting a 24-hour curfew was imposed throughout the state . "  Any credible information should be passed promptly to security agencies for necessary action . " Last May , President Goodluck Jonathan put three states in the region under a state of emergency , giving Nigerian forces wide latitude in fighting the group , which human rights organizations say has killed more than 3,000 people since 2009 . Boko Haram , which means "  Western education is sacrilege " in the Hausa-Fulani language , seeks to impose a strict version of Sharia law across northeastern Nigeria , if not the entire country . The group has attacked various targets in the West African nation since its formation in the late 1990s , according to the U.S. National Counterterrorism Center , including killing and kidnapping Westerners , and bombing schools and churches . Hundreds of its members , including its leader Mohammed Yusuf , died in July 2009 clashes with government forces . But the group did not stay down for long , and has remained an active and violent force in Nigeria . In August , its militants allegedly went into a mosque in Borno state and killed 44 worshipers . The group released a video boasting that it was growing stronger . Opinion : Should U.S. fear Boko Haram ? CNN 's Vlad Duthiers reported from Nigeria , CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	The military kills more than 70 Boko Haram members in an operation in Borno state They also fend off an attack on a military checkpoint in Yobe state 's capital 21 suspected Boko Haram members die in fighting there Boko Haram seeks to impose a strict version of Sharia law across northeastern Nigeria
CNN  -- Over the past week , speculation emerged that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton might not be the only prominent Democrat running for the nomination for president in 2016 . Her "  inevitable " path to the nomination is once again being questioned . In The New Republic , Noam Scheiber launched the debate with an article titled , "  Hillary 's Nightmare ? A Democratic Party That Realizes Its Soul Lies With Elizabeth Warren . " Scheiber focuses on the possibility of the Massachusetts senator running on a campaign centering on the issues of economic inequality , restoring the middle class and regulating Wall Street . "  What we need is a system , " Warren has said , "  that puts an end to the boom and bust cycle . A system that recognizes we do n't grow this country from the financial sector ; we grow this country from the middle class . " Comparing such a contest to the race between Barack Obama and Clinton in the 2008 primaries , the article suggests that Warren could re-energize liberal Democrats who feel disillusioned by the past five years . Watching this unfold , some commentators have predicted that a civil war might be brewing between the progressive and moderate wings of the party . David Frum , the insightful commentator and CNN contributor who has been a prominent critic of what tea party Republicans have done to his GOP , warned that "  where Democrats have scored successes since 2010 , those successes have been owed less to Occupy-style militancy , and much more to the seeming unquenchable determination of Republicans to render themselves unelectable . " Competition within the party does n't have to be a negative ; Democrats could turn this to an advantage that helps candidates who enter the race to focus and refine their message about the economy in a way that would make for a powerful campaign theme . It would be a mistake for Democrats to think that the entry of Warren , or a candidate similar to Warren , into the race would somehow create problems or even a "  left-center " divide . The notion that dealing with economic inequality represents the "  progressive " wing of the party as opposed to the mainstream is an extremely flawed way for Democrats to think of their party . Painting Warren 's concerns as being to the left ignores how tackling these kinds of economic challenges have been at the heart of the Democratic Party for almost a century . Mainstream Democrats have usually done best when they have kept their eye on these questions and put forth policies that address the problem of middle class security . During the 1930s , President Franklin Roosevelt made this the centerpiece of his New Deal . Most of his policies centered on providing economic support , such as creating old age pensions , protecting unions and providing unemployment compensation as well as creating public jobs to help Americans make it through the crisis of the Great Depression and to serve as a foundation for their future . The policies revolved around a vision of "  moral capitalism , " according to the historian Lizabeth Cohen . His programs proved to have widespread appeal and provided the foundation for a durable coalition of industrial workers , farmers , progressive activists and African-Americans that would last for decades . During the 1960s , President Lyndon Johnson continued along these lines by tackling the problem of economic inequality through programs that aimed to bolster the strength and size of the middle class . The war on poverty sought to help the poor become self-sufficient and enter the marketplace . Medicare guaranteed that middle-class families could count on health insurance when they retired and would n't be overwhelmed by medical costs of their parents . Federal education assistance offered affordable loans to Americans who wanted to attend college and money for local schools to ensure that all children received an adequate education . Food stamps provided food security for struggling families . Civil rights laws gave African-Americans access to public space , employment opportunities and voting rights that were central to full citizenship . While Republicans rebounded as controversy over Vietnam and the war on poverty grew , the programs in fact survived and remained quite popular . Republicans have either learned to live with them and , in some cases , have expanded them . Democrats in Congress were often able to succeed in the Age of Reagan by fighting back against Republicans who try to dismantle the welfare state . Starting in 1982 , Democrats regained their footing in the House of Representatives during the midterm elections based on campaigns about economic fairness . When congressional Republicans conducted a full-scale assault on Medicare and other programs in 1995 , President Bill Clinton stood his ground and rebounded to a landslide r-election victory the following year . Indeed , Clinton , usually tagged as a hard-core centrist , devoted considerable energy to the cause of middle-class America . In his 1992 campaign , he hammered away at President George H.W. Bush for his inability to deal with the recession and failure to sympathize with the economic concerns of average Americans . While Clinton could n't persuade Congress to pass his health care reform that aimed to broaden access and lower costs in the insurance system , he did find support for smaller measures , such as the State Children 's Health Insurance Program , that have proved to be popular . Despite the characterization of Hillary Clinton as a market-based centrist , she has frequently addressed these themes throughout her career , including while in the Senate , and in 2008 made it clear that she would be a president who fought for the middle class . While Clinton , as her critics have said , has ties to the financial community and is not in any way an opponent of big business or big finance , she has also been a strong defender of the social safety net and programs that help the middle class grow . In 1978 , Massachusetts Sen. Ted Kennedy warned his party about veering too far to the center under President Jimmy Carter . In words that Democrats should heed , Kennedy said : "  We are heirs to a great tradition in American public life . Our party took up the cause of jobs for the unemployed in the Great Depression . Our party took up the cause of civil rights for black and brown Americans , and the cause of equal rights for women in America and the people of the District of Columbia . " Although Kennedy did not win the nomination in 1980  for many reasons outside of his policies  , his speech offers an important message for Democrats thinking about 2016 . It would be a mistake for Democrats to break off into opposing camps , with some tackling these so-called "  leftward " issues and others sticking to the "  center . " A better bet , based on the record , would be to put these questions front and center in the primaries and see which candidate offers the best and most aggressive response to the challenges that have faced middle-class Americans in recent decades . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Pundits speculate Sen. Elizabeth Warren could oppose Hillary Clinton for 2016 run Julian Zelizer : Predictions of left-vs . - center war among Democrats are misplaced He says a progressive message is crucial to the heart of the Democratic Party Hillary Clinton has strong ties to business but also believes in social safety net , he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Water with trace amounts of radioactivity may have leaked for months from a U.S. Navy nuclear-powered submarine as it traveled around the Pacific to ports in Guam , Japan and Hawaii , Navy officials told CNN on Friday . The USS Houston arrives in Pearl Harbor for routine maintenance , during which the leak was found . The leak was found on the USS Houston , a Los Angeles-class fast attack submarine , after it went to Hawaii for routine maintenance last month , Navy officials said . Navy officials said the amount of radiation leaked into the water was virtually undetectable . But the Navy alerted the Japanese government because the submarine had been docked in Japan . The problem was discovered last month when a build-up of leaking water popped a covered valve and poured onto a sailor 's leg while the submarine was in dry dock . An investigation found a valve was slowly dripping water from the sub 's nuclear power plant . The water had not been in direct contact with the nuclear reactor , Navy officials said . Officials with knowledge of the incident could not quantify the amount of radiation leaked but insisted it was "  negligible " and an "  extremely low level . " The total amount leaked while the sub was in port in Guam , Japan and Hawaii was less than a half of a microcurie  0.0000005 curies  , or less than what is found in a 50-pound bag of lawn and garden fertilizer , the officials said . The sailor who was doused , a Houston crew member , tested negative for radiation from the water , according to Navy officials . Since March , the Houston had crisscrossed the western Pacific , spending a week in Japan and several weeks in both Guam and Hawaii , Navy officials said . See a timeline of the sub 's movements " The Navy on Friday notified the Japanese government of the leak , the officials said , and told them it was possible the ship had been leaking while in port in Sasebo , Japan , in March . While Japan has agreed to allow U.S. nuclear-powered ships in Japanese ports , the decision was a not popular in Japan . The Houston incident comes at a time when the Navy is trying to smooth over a problem with a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier . The USS George Washington was due to replace the aging , conventionally powered USS Kitty Hawk this summer as the United States ' sole carrier based in Japan . While en route to Japan this May , a massive fire broke out on the George Washington , causing $ 70 million in damage . The fire was blamed on crew members smoking near improperly stored flammable materials . There was no damage or threat to the nuclear reactor , but the ship was diverted to San Diego , California , for repairs . It now is expected to arrive in Japan at the end of September . The Navy this week fired the captain and his deputy , saying an investigation into the fire led to a lack of confidence in the leadership of both men . Just two weeks ago , thousands of Japanese protested the pending arrival of the George Washington .	Leak was found on the USS Houston during routine maintenance last month Navy officials say amount of radiation leaked into water was virtually undetectable Sub spent time at ports in Guam , Japan and Hawaii Officials : Radiation was "  negligible " and an "  extremely low level "
CNN Student News  -- November 30 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Washington , D.C. New Zealand Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Metro stations get a bad reputation as dark , grimy places where travelers are as likely to catch a communicable disease as they are a train . Riding the subway need n't be a journey to the dark side . Brash , bright and colorful new metro stations have begun to open in several cities that make going cheek-to-cheek with 45 strangers in a metal tube almost feel worth it . With the latest of these , New York 's sunlit Fulton Transit Center , opening its doors this month , here 's a look at some of the world 's best . Fulton Transit Center  New York Gloomier than most , New York 's underground rail network would make an ideal hangout for vampires , if only they could put up with the unpredictable weekend services and that weird smell at Canal Street . Creatures of the dark would do well to avoid the newly opened Fulton Transit Center though . This hub for nine subway lines in Lower Manhattan sits under a huge oculus -- a beautiful conical conduit that pulls light down well below street level . Westfriedhof  Munich Inaugurated in 1998 to little fanfare , this otherwise ordinary looking station took on new life just three years later . In 2001 , Westfriedhof 's platform was aesthetically enhanced by 11 enormous , domed lighting fixtures that continuously bathe the surroundings in haunting shades of blue , yellow and red . Toledo  Naples , Italy Opened in 2012 , Toledo station defies its depth -- at 50 meters , one of the deepest in Naples -- with a design based around themes of light and water . A work called "  Light Panels , " by Robert Wilson , illuminates the station corridor furthest underground . This stunning station has competition : it 's part of the city 's network of so-called Metro Art Stations . Komsomolskaya  Moscow Komsomolskaya station 's baroque-style decor , historical mosaics and chandeliered ceilings resemble a grand ballroom . Opened in 1952 to alleviate the congestion of one of Moscow 's busiest transport hubs , the opulence of the mosaics was inspired by an infamous wartime speech by Stalin . Olaias  Lisbon , Portugal In 1998 , Lisbon hosted a world expo , in part to celebrate 500 years of Portuguese inventions . Built to help transport the expo 's 11 million visitors , the station is a whimsically colorful space that to this day holds its own as a modern work of art . Formosa Boulevard  Kaohsiung , Taiwan Half metro station , half kaleidoscope , this church to commuting revolves around a dazzling "  Dome of Light " said to be the largest glass work in the world . The dome , consisting of 4,500 panels , is the work of Narcissus Quagliata , an Italian designer who subtitled "  Wind , Fire and Time . " Given the ecclesiastical appearance of this installation , it should come as no surprise that its been proposed as a venue for mass weddings . Westminster  London London Underground might be the great great grandparent of all the world 's metro stations , but Westminster , opened just days before the new millennium , has to be one of the most futuristic-looking . The austere concrete and stainless steel design somehow achieves a functional beauty rather than oppressing all those commuters scurrying to and from their offices . Khalid Bin Al Waleed Station  Dubai , UAE The driverless trains of Dubai 's shiny new  ish  metro system might be mildly disconcerting , but not as much as the bizarre , but beautiful jellyfish dangling from the ceiling of the the Khalid Bin Al Waleed Station . These exotic chandeliers cast a luminous blue glow over the stop beneath the BurJuman shopping center and add to a watery theme further complimented by images of traditional pearl divers . T-Centralen  Stockholm Above ground , Stockholm 's central station looks like a pretty average part of a rapid transit system . Start boring down , though , and unexpected changes in color and shape reveal a very different animal . When commuters reach the bold blue and white , cave-like platform at T-Centralen , they 're reminded that they 've indeed ventured underground . Various stations  Pyongyang , North Korea There are many grim realities to life in North Korea , but traveling on the Pyongyang Metro is unlikely to be high on the list , not least because of the ornate stations . These spotlessly clean deep level stops on the two-line network are styled as palaces for the people . It 's claimed the city 's underground rail network began life as a military facility and there are still lines and stations used exclusively by security services and government officials . Bockenheimer Warte  Frankfurt , Germany Seeking to distinguish his design from the unobtrusive minimalism of other Frankfurt stations , architect Zbigniew Peter Pininski outdid himself with the fantastical entrance to Bockenheimer Warte . Depicting a train car crashing through the sidewalk , it leaves commuters either shocked or bemused , but rarely indifferent . "  Fosteritos "  Bilbao , Spain Less than 20 years old , Bilbao 's metro is the third-largest in Spain . The curved-glass entrances of many of the stations -- affectionately nicknamed "  Fosteritos "  "  Little Fosters "  after their creator , Lord Foster -- are considered prime examples of the city 's modern , up-to-the-minute style . The transparent structures admit plenty of daytime light and at night are lit up . Palais Royal -- Musee du Louvre  Paris In a city as beautiful as Paris , this unconventional station entrance at Place Colette still stands out . Completed in 2000  the centennial year of the Paris metro  , Jean-Michel Othoniel 's "  Kiosque des noctambules "  "  Kiosk of the night owls "  intertwines dazzling colored beads to form two protective cupolas . A meeker design would be overshadowed by the close proximity of the Louvre Museum and surrounding classic architecture . In this case , however , it adds a touch of cheeky hipness . Admiralteyskaya  St. Petersburg , Russia St. Petersburg 's newest metro stop proves that classic and modern design can coexist harmoniously . After many setbacks , the station finally opened for business in December 2011 . Stark curved ceilings and low lighting complement traditional marble and arched platforms in what 's the deepest station in the network . Plac Wilsona  Warsaw , Poland The Soviets built some extraordinary metro stations , but this 2005 effort , named after U.S. president Woodrow Wilson , showed that a capitalist Poland could come up with some beauties , too . Unless , as might appear , it was actually built by UFOs . Staromestska  Prague All the stations on Prague 's A Line deserve a place in the European metro hall of fame for their distinctive dimpled metal tunnel walls , but Staromestska is the most visited and photographed . A different color for each station , they look like something from the dystopian film "  A Clockwork Orange , " but the bubble-wrap design actually strengthens the metal . Universidad de Chile  Santiago , Chile Santiago 's clean and efficient metro network has been built with style in mind , so there 's plenty to look at across its 108 stations . Leading the charge is the Universidad de Chile stop where gigantic murals by artist Mario Toral cover the walls . The epic scale of these acrylic and oil on canvas works match their subject matter -- the highs and lows of Chilean history . Puts the daily commute in perspective . What 's the best metro stop you 've ever traveled through ? Elbow your way into the carriage in the comments field below . Originally published February 2014 , updated November 2014 .	Newly opened Fulton Transit Center in New York features a conical oculus that pulls light deep underground At 50 meters deep , Toledo station , in Naples , feels filled with light Part of the oldest metro , London 's Westminster looks super-futuristic A German station features a train car crashing through the sidewalk
Authorities arrested "  Scandal " actor Columbus Short Wednesday on a felony battery charge , prosecutors said . Short , 31 , is accused of punching and knocking out a patron at a West Los Angeles restaurant on March 15 , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said in a statement . He was booked by the Claremont Police Department and released on $ 50,000 bail , the statement said . A representative for the actor could not be immediately reached for comment . Short plays Harrison Wright , a member of fixer Olivia Pope 's team , on the hit ABC series .	Actor Columbus Short is accused of punching and knocking out a restaurant patron He faces a felony battery charge He was released on $ 50,000 bail after authorities arrested him
CNN  -- As debt-ridden Greece braces for strikes while its prime minister attempts to reassure Europe that his country will pay its bills , the 17 eurozone countries are in various stages of deciding whether to approve the expansion of Europe 's bailout fund . The proposed enhancements to the European Financial Stability Facility would allow the fund to increase its lending capacity from â ‚ ¬ 250 billion to â ‚ ¬ 440 billion and buy sovereign bonds in capital markets -- a strategy designed to prop up debt prices and help struggling eurozone countries fund themselves . Europe 's leaders originally hoped that the EFSF would never have to be used ; now they are hoping the fund 's new powers will be enough to prevent the collapse of the eurozone . First they will have to pass the measures . Here 's a rundown of where the countries stand and the dates their governments approved  or are expected to approve  EFSF expansion . YET TO APPROVE Estonia -- September 29 The Estonian parliament passed one of two necessary resolutions to ratify EFSF expansion earlier this week , despite attempts by the country 's main opposition party to block the changes on the grounds that one of the eurozone 's poorer states simply can not afford to help bailout failing eurozone economies . Final approval is expected on Thursday . Malta -- October 3-7 Malta joined Finland in its demand that Greece put up collateral in exchange for any additional bailout money that Malta would pay into the EFSF . But it is unclear whether Malta will join the Finns in dropping that requirement before passing EFSF enhancement . Either way , approval and ratification of any proposed plan can not happen until lawmakers return from recess on October 3 . Netherlands -- October 3-7 Once opposed to expanding the rescue fund , the Dutch are now expected to approve enhanced EFSF measures with a parliamentary vote by the end of the first week of October -- although hardliners in the government continue to call for the private sector to take on more of the debt burden . Cyprus -- October 3-7 The Cypriot cabinet has approved the measures and parliament is expected to ratify the EFSF expansion sometime during the first week of October . Slovakia -- Mid to late October One of the eurozone 's poorest countries is also the biggest obstacle to enhancing the EFSF -- and members of the governing coalition 's refusal to approve the plan means a parliamentary vote may not happen until mid-October . Portugal -- End of October While Portugal has n't officially approved EFSF expansion , it is expected to within weeks -- the cash-strapped country is , after all , receiving financial assistance from the bailout fund . ALREADY APPROVED Germany -- September 29 The German Bundestag approved the expansion of the EFSF by a vote of 523-85 -- a huge majority and an important victory for Chancellor Angela Merkel , who has led calls for the bailout fund to be enhanced . Approval of EFSF expansion measures by Europe 's largest economy -- and largest holder of Greek debt -- was seen as necessary for the bailout fund 's future success . Finland -- September 28 One of the most vocal opponents of EFSF enhancement in the early going , Finland has now dropped its demand that Greece put up some cash collateral in return for its approval -- a requirement that threatened to derail the bailout fund expansion and further destabilize global markets . By a vote of 103-66 , the Finnish Parliament approved the measures Wednesday , despite the absence of any agreement over its demand for collateral . Slovenia -- September 27 Despite a no-confidence vote that brought down Slovenia 's government last week , the parliament approved the expansion of the bailout fund on Tuesday . Greece -- September 27 Easily the least surprising ` yes ' vote on this list , Greece officially ratified EFSF expansion yesterday -- a vital step towards the bankrupt nation receiving a second bailout worth over 100 billion euros out of the bailout fund in the coming months and years . Austria -- September 27 Just weeks after opposition parties blocked the government 's attempt to fast-track the EFSF bill , lawmakers approved EFSF enhancements that are expected to be officially ratified on September 30 . Ireland -- September 22 Another of the obvious ` yes ' votes on the list , Ireland -- which received an 85 billion euro bailout last year -- was never going to object to EFSF expansion . Italy -- September 15 Ratification of the expansion of EFSF powers was included in Italy 's passage of highly contentious austerity measures aimed at balancing Europe 's third largest economy by 2013 . Spain -- September 15 Spain , known along with Italy as the two at-risk eurozone countries that are "  too big to bail out , " passed EFSF expansion several weeks ago . Luxembourg -- September 15 As expected , Luxembourg approved EFSF enhancement , but Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker reportedly ruled out any proposed increases to the amount of money at the fund 's disposal . Belgium -- September 14 The Belgian parliament approved the EFSF expansion by a large majority . France -- September 8 Europe 's second largest economy was the first country to approve EFSF enhancement . French banks are among the most exposed to risk due to a potential Greek default .	Germany 's approval of EFSF expansion is seen as necessary for the fund 's success Once opposed to EFSF enhancement , the Netherlands are expected to approve in early October Members of Slovakia 's coalition government steadfastly refuse to approve EFSF expansion
CNN  -- India and Pakistan have finally found something they can agree on . Rohan Bopanna and Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi , an Indian and Pakistani doubles team , made it to the men 's doubles finals in the U.S. Open . On Friday afternoon , the 16th-seeded pair lost to the top-seeded Mike and Bob Bryan , an American team of identical twins . This unlikely pair , dubbed the Indo-Pak Express , has become a symbol of pride for both nations . Qureshi , from Pakistan , says he can see it in the fans who come to watch . "  It was great to see all the Indian supporters , most of them wearing Pakistani flags on their faces , holding Pakistani flags and cheering for the same team , " he said . "  That 's a moment I will never forget in my life , meeting so many Indians supporting us . " India and Pakistan have been bitter foes since their creation in 1947 , fighting three wars over the disputed territory of Kashmir and routinely exchanging fire over the border . Bopanna and Qureshi hope they can ease these tense relations with their message of peace through sport . At Wimbledon this year , the team sported T-shirts and jackets with the message "  Stop War , Start Tennis . " The pair has even proposed playing a match at the Wagah border crossing between India and Pakistan . "  And just looking at the bigger picture , I just feel if me , as a Pakistani , and him , as an Indian , can do so well on the court and be friends off the court , there 's no other reason why those Indians and Pakistanis ca n't be friends , " Qureshi said in an interview with CNN . Friends say they also carry this spirit of peace and cooperation with them off the court . "  They understand each other , speak the same language , their games complement each other , " said Fazal Syed , a former Davis Cup player . They have chemistry , key to winning doubles matches , Syed said . In the audience at Wednesday 's match was another unlikely pair : the United Nations ambassadors from India and Pakistan , cheering on the Indo-Pak Express -- together . This is the type of cooperation and progress that Bopanna and Qureshi hope to encourage . This chemistry has allowed Bopanna and Qureshi to upset several teams during the tournament . In round 3 of the U.S. Open , the pair beat No. 2-seeded Daniel Nestor of Canada and Nenad Zimonjic of Serbia . Bopanna and Qureshi went on in the quarterfinals to beat 10th-seeded Wesley Moodie of South Africa and Dick Norman of Belgium . And on Wednesday , the pair beat unseeded Eduardo Schwank and Horacio Zeballos of Argentina . Bopanna hopes they can get their message to their home nations by playing well at the tournament . "  I think it 's really about practicing well and then working as a team together , and I think that 's the main key , just believing in each other , " he said . The run to the finals in New York is sure to generate publicity at home . But the pair wo n't be talking politics . "  You ca n't mix politics , religion or culture with sports , " Qureshi said . "  That 's the beauty about it . " There 's only one thing that the two players do n't agree on , and it has little to do with cross-border differences . Bopanna likes spicy food ; Qureshi most certainly does n't .	Indian Rohan Bopanna , Pakistani Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi are the Indo-Pak Express They 'll play in the men 's doubles finals at the U.S. Open on Friday afternoon They want to ease tensions between their countries with message of peace through sport The players say they hope their chemistry rubs off on others
A line began to form at the Apple Store here on the eve of the iPhone 4S release , as is often the case around the world during the company 's product launches . At the front of this particular line Thursday , Steve Wozniak sits in a Pico armchair , sipping Diet Dr Pepper and scanning e-mails from his white iPad . The Apple co-founder , who gets a paycheck of "  a couple hundred dollars every two weeks " and still maintains his status as employee No. 1 in company records , has n't been able to stay put for long . Crowds of Apple fans , family friends and people who have seen him riding his Segway around the neighborhood stop to say hi , take pictures and ask for his autograph . "  I 'll be taking a thousand pictures , " Wozniak whispered with a smile . "  I 'm going to sit down and see if I can get a little e-mail done , because there 's no way I 'm going to get it all done today . " Seconds later , an enthusiastic man in a yellow polo shirt positioned his two kids near the computer legend and pleaded for him to pose . Wozniak immediately sprang to his feet with a grin on his face . People brought iPhones , iPods and iPads for Wozniak to sign with a marker . "  Now your phone is not going to be worth as much when you sell it , " Wozniak said to one woman before signing her iPhone 4 . Fans gave Wozniak their condolences over the late Steve Jobs , the Apple co-founder who died last week . Flowers , partially eaten apples and notes were laid in front of Apple Stores around the world , including this one , where the memorial was set just a few feet from Wozniak 's spot in line . Wozniak explained that sending flowers or onetime celebrations are the kinds of traditions he and Jobs agreed were unnecessary . However , he talked openly about how much he misses his high-school pal , with whom he built a technology empire . Wozniak acknowledged that he could have easily made one phone call to Apple and gotten the phone he 's waiting in line for , but he did n't . He has yet to play with an iPhone 4S or its Siri voice-controlled assistant . He has said previously that he does not ask colleagues about products in development because he does not want to ruin the surprise for himself . "  I want to get mine along with the millions of other fans , " Wozniak said . "  I just want to be able to talk to my phone . " Analysts have expressed disappointment in the iPhone 4S , but Wozniak , who looks forward to every new Apple device , is especially animated when discussing it . Over the past year , he has not been shy about his anticipation for voice-assist technology , like the new 4S tool called Siri . People who say they have waited in lines behind Wozniak during past Apple releases have written spiteful messages online claiming he had used his celebrity to cut in line just before the stores opened . Wozniak said that he is usually further back in line at these events but that fans in front of him insist that he get his devices first . On Thursday , there is no dispute about Wozniak 's place in line . His Segway , which he rode from his nearby home , is parked in a corner near the store 's entrance . Wozniak arrived about noon , and he plans to stay overnight in order to get the new iPhone first , he said . Fifteen minutes after Wozniak arrived , Parth Dhebar , 17 , showed up . He first met Wozniak last year in line at a nearby store during the launch of the original iPad . Wozniak and the high school student kept in touch by e-mail and Facebook , and they were third and fourth in line to buy the iPhone 4 . At the iPad launch , Wozniak taught Dhebar how to ride a Segway . "  Mall security was like , ` You should n't be Segwaying in here , ' but nobody is going to say no to Woz , obviously , " said Dhebar , who develops iPhone applications . "  He does it because he wants to , not for publicity reasons . " Reporters and cameramen were among the people approaching Wozniak on Thursday . By 7 p.m. Pacific , about a dozen people had set up chairs behind Wozniak , and his wife , Janet Hill , joined . Wozniak said he had already ordered two iPhones to be delivered to his home ; he 's in line to buy one for his wife . Before then , a policeman asked Wozniak quietly whether he would need anything and whether the celebrity planned to stay all night . Wozniak said that he was but that he might take a jog around the block at 3 a.m. "  The line is doing nicely , " Wozniak said after surveying the area . Some in the queue came out solely because Wozniak was here , which they learned from updates on his Twitter and Foursquare profiles . Joe Hewitt , a prominent Silicon Valley software developer , also tweeted this afternoon when he spotted Wozniak in line . Mohamad Jawad , a graduate student at Santa Clara University , took the bus after seeing Wozniak 's tweet . David Gandy , a furniture designer who is looking to change jobs , said he came to soak up some inspiration from Wozniak . "  I came out here just so I can hang out with Woz for 18 hours , " said Gandy , who lives in the nearby city of Campbell . "  I 've been watching him get harassed all day . " Wozniak designed the original Apple computers , his major triumph , but he is recognized by many people nowadays for his short-lived appearance in 2009 on the ABC show "  Dancing with the Stars . " "  You were awesome on ` Dancing with the Stars ! ' " said one fan , who had her picture taken with Wozniak . "  So good ! I voted for you . " Wozniak quipped , "  It 's the one show I like on TV . " He does n't watch television , he adds . He spends a great deal of time responding to fan mail .	Steve Wozniak arrived first at an Apple Store in California Fans , along with the Apple co-founder , are waiting to buy an iPhone 4S Wozniak has lined up for previous Apple product launches
CNN  -- Texas authorities have issued an arrest warrant for the owner of a day care center , claiming four children died and three were injured in a fire last week after she left them alone with the stove on , authorities said Monday . Authorities hope to detain 22-year-old Jessica Tata on a felony charge that she caused injury to a child , according to Donna Hawkins , a spokeswoman for the Harris County District Attorney 's office . Other charges could come at a later date . Tata had been licensed since March 1 , 2010 , with state authorities to run the residential day care center , Texas Department of Family and Protective Services spokeswoman Gwen Carter said . The facility was cited once -- and the issue was sufficiently addressed -- for not having a fire extinguisher or carbon monoxide detector before she got her permit , according to Carter . The arrest affidavit , dated Sunday , claims that Tata "  unlawfully and recklessly " caused "  serious bodily injury " to at least one of the victims Thursday , after she left that child and six others unsupervised in the home day care and drove off in her car . The blaze itself likely originated on an electric stove inside , which was on and had a pot on it containing oil , according to Houston Fire Department arson investigator Thomas Wood . A definitive cause for the fire will be announced once the investigation is complete . Neighbors John Chestnut and Geoffrey Deshano told investigators that they heard Tata screaming soon after she pulled into her driveway and went to the front door , the arrest affidavit said . No other adults or day care employees were at the facility , the men said . The two told reporters that Tata 's car was full of groceries when she returned to the house , adding that they called 911 and tried to help get the children out as smoke seeped from the building . "  I came to the side of the house in the backyard and smashed one of the windows open , and I could see a kid having his hands out , " Deshano told reporters . "  I tried to grab him , but the smoke got into my face and my mouth and I could n't breathe or see anything , and so I had to pull back , " Chestnut added that he crawled into the house in an attempt to rescue the children . "  I ca n't see anything , it 's hot and I 'm coughing and ca n't breathe and all I hear are kids left and right saying , ` Help me , help me ! ' " he recalled . There were seven small children , between 15 months and 3 years of age , inside Jackie 's Child Care when firefighters came minutes later . Hawkins said Tata will be charged with at least one count of reckless injury to a child involving serious bodily injury . If convicted on that one count alone , she would face two to 10 years in prison . Emmanuel Kajoh , whose 19-month-old daughter Elizabeth died in the fire , described Tata as a "  very good lady " who "  loves kids . " He told HLN 's Vinnie Politan that he never had problems with the day care , calling the incident "  unfortunate . " Still , for all his positive thoughts about Tata prior to this incident , Kajoh said he could n't defend her actions last week . "  She had options to call people , " he said of the day care owner 's decision to leave the children unattended . "  Even it is one child , not several children , that was a really bad decision . And it cost four lives . " CNN 's Antoinette Campbell and HLN 's Tracey Jordan contributed to this report	NEW : A victim 's father speaks well of Tata , while calling leaving the kids "  a really bad decision " An arrest affidavit claims Tata "  unlawfully and recklessly " caused "  serious bodily injury " An investigator believes an unattended oil-filled pot on an electric stove started the fire Witnesses say Tata had come back to the home after grocery shopping and noticed the smoke
CNN  -- At least 17 people throughout Mexico have died and thousands of others have been affected since Thursday as a result of Tropical Storm Arlene , a Mexican official said Monday . The youngest victim was 12-year-old Uriel Escobar , who was electrocuted Friday after touching a downed power line , said Juan Carlos Orantes , the director of emergencies with the country 's civil protection agency . "  He died in the hospital after being transported . He was accompanied by his grandfather when he died , " Orantes said . The death toll was expected to rise as investigators worked to confirm other incidents in the state of Oaxaca , Orantes said . The victims ranged in age from 12 to 65 years old . "  We are expecting still more intense storms ; however , we 've had a brief stoppage for now , " Orantes said . In Veracruz , Alfredo Garcia , 21 , was found dead in his car after it was overcome by floodwaters . In the same state , Damien Islas died while trying to save a group of people from a collapsing house , Orantes said . The dead include five from Hidalgo , two from the state of Tamaulipas , another two in Guerrero , three more in Veracruz and three in San Luis Potosi . Tropical Storm Arlene is the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season .	12-year-old electrocuted is youngest victim Death toll expected to rise as other incidents are investigated Arlene is the first named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season
Washington  CNN  -- With 30-plus governments since independence  average length less than two years  , Israeli politics rarely surprises . But Monday 's agreement between Benjamin Netanyahu and Kadima leader Shaul Mofaz did precisely that . In a pre-emptive strike -- against his critics , a cynical Israeli press , and , last but not least , an American administration that keeps hoping he 's a short-timer -- Netanyahu bought himself another 16 months of challenge-free politics , co-opted his main opponent for the price of a deputy premiership , and broadened and legitimized his government for the turbulent period ahead . While Mofaz looks unprincipled  two weeks ago he said he 'd never join a Netanyahu-led coalition  , Bibi Netanyahu looks like a veritable statesman and political genius who , for the sake of the country 's unity and stability , did the right thing . With U.S. President Barack Obama facing an uncertain political future , Netanyahu has secured his -- at least over the short term . What difference will the new coalition of 94 Knesset members -- a virtually unassailable majority -- have on the core issues facing Israel ? Peace process : Already comatose , the Israeli-Palestinian issue may be revived slightly as a result of the new politics . Mofaz has made resolution of the Palestinian issue a key theme ; but the result will be motion without real movement . Since Mofaz is committed to pursuing the existing government 's policies until the end of 2013 , it 's unlikely there will be major changes . Netanyahu did n't invite Kadima into the coalition only to go to new elections over a deal with the Palestinians that could split his own Likud party . But the change in tone will relieve the pressure of being saddled with a right-wing government that many claimed had no constituent group which was at all interested in negotiations . Iran : Some analysts argue that early elections would have reduced the chances for an Israeli strike against Iranian nuclear sites , and that the unity government has now increased them . That 's what Netanyahu would like to make the world believe . But Netanyahu 's decision-making on striking Iran has always been shaped by three factors ; the unity government changes none of them . In fact , given Mofaz 's caution on Iran , the odds of a strike before the American elections may actually be reduced . First , there 's Netanyahu 's read of Iran 's intentions . That has n't changed . Netanyahu believes the mullahs want the capacity to produce a nuclear weapon and ultimately to possess the weapon itself . The P5 +1 international talks on Iran , in Istanbul last month and later this month in Baghdad , have n't persuaded him otherwise ; but they do make an attack much less likely while the process is in train . Second , there 's the degree of difficulty of the operation . Israel would like to avoid a unilateral strike and make Iran America 's problem . Without firing a shot in the past year or so , the Israelis are well on their way to success here . And Mofaz will reinforce this approach now that his bloc of 28 Kadima Knesset members is part of the coalition . Finally , what America thinks is critical to Israeli calculations . Should the Israelis strike , the United States needs to be in their corner to deal with the mess afterward . And Obama has made it as clear as any American president can that Israel acting now , with negotiations ongoing , is a bad idea . Clearly , Obama does n't want an Israeli strike or an American strike before the elections and probably not this year . And the new unity government reinforces the obvious : no war with Iran in 2012 and likely no deal on the nuclear issue either . This new government in Israel is n't about upsetting the status quo and getting ready for war ; on the contrary , it 's about preserving the status quo -- at least for now . Netanyahu thinks of himself in historic and potentially transformative terms -- leading Israel at a moment of great challenge , particularly freeing the Israelis from the shadow of the Iranian bomb . We 're constantly underestimating him . Obama thinks he 's a con man , or at best a speed bump confronting a peace process he 'd like to see move forward . The Europeans would like him gone -- yesterday . The Palestinians and the Arabs ca n't stand him . But the fact is , for now Netanyahu is the only Israeli political leader that can do and have it all -- maintain close ties with Washington ; settle the West Bank ; avoid negotiations with the Palestinians ; use the threat of an Israeli attack to keep the international community pressing Iran ; and now , dominate Israeli politics . He 's the king of Israel , and we may just have to get used to it . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron David Miller .	Benjamin Netanyahu expanded his coalition with addition of Kadima party Aaron David Miller says the move strengthens Netanyahu 's hand politically He say it likely signals Israel will not attack Iran 's nuclear facilities for now Miller : The government may talk more about peace but a deal is n't likely
CNN  -- After a nearly decade-long effort , the National Congress of Black Women on Tuesday honored Sojourner Truth by making her the first African-American woman to have a memorial bust in the U.S. Capitol . Speaker Nancy Pelosi and first lady Michelle Obama applaud the unveiling of the Sojourner Truth bust . Truth , whose given name was Isabella Baumfree , was a slave who became one of the most respected abolitionists and women 's rights activists . "  One could only imagine what Sojourner Truth , an outspoken , tell-it-like-it-is kind of woman ... what she would have to say about this incredible gathering , " first lady Michelle Obama said at the Celebration of Truth ceremony . "  We are all here because , as my husband says time and time again , we stand on the shoulders of giants like Sojourner Truth . " "  And just as Susan B. Anthony , Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Lucretia Mott would be pleased to know that we have a woman serving as the speaker of the House of Representatives , I hope that Sojourner Truth would be proud to see me , a descendant of slaves , serving as the first lady of the United States of America , " she said . Dignitaries and congressional leaders , including Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell , House Republican Leader John Boehner and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , attended the ceremony marking the unveiling of the statue . Along with musical performances , actress Cicely Tyson recited "  Ai n't I A Woman , " Truth 's famous 1851 speech to a women 's rights convention . Clinton and Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee , who worked together to draft legislation to commission the bust , were among speakers who paid tribute to the late C. Delores Tucker , former chairwoman of the NCBW , who spearheaded the effort for the Truth memorial . "  What a wonderful day it is to be here in Emancipation Hall for this great occasion when Sojourner Truth takes her rightful place alongside the heroes who have helped to shape our nation 's history , " Clinton said . "  Today , she takes her place in this Capitol , and we are the better for it , " Clinton said . "  She is a sojourner of truth , by truth , and for truth . And her words , her example and her legacy will never perish from this earth , so long as men and women stand up and say loudly and clearly , ` We hear you echoing down through the years of history . We believe that your journey is not yet over , and we will make the rest of that journey with you . ' " The bronze statue , which was crafted by Los Angeles , California , sculptor Artis Lane , will stand in Emancipation Hall at the Capitol Visitor Center . "  All the visitors in the U.S. Capitol will hear the story of brave women who endured the greatest of humanity 's indignities . They 'll hear the story of Sojourner Truth , who did n't allow those indignities to destroy her spirit , who fought for her own freedom and then used her powers ... to help others , " Michelle Obama said . "  The power of this bust will not just be in the metal that delineates Sojourner Truth 's face ; it will also be in the message that defines her legacy . Forevermore , in the halls of one of our country 's greatest monuments of liberty and equality , justice and freedom , Sojourner Truth 's story will be told again and again and again and again . " In 1997 , Congress passed a special act that called for relocating the Portrait Monument from the Capitol basement to the rotunda . The 7.5-ton statue depicts three leaders of the suffragette movement -- Anthony , Stanton and Mott . A group called the Sojourner Truth Crusade was upset about the statue 's relocation because it did n't incorporate Truth . After Congress agreed to go ahead with a move , advocates proposed commissioning a new statue that would include Truth . In 2006 , Congress passed a bill to honor the abolitionist with her own memorial .	Sojourner Truth was an abolitionist and women 's rights activist Her bust will be on display at Emancipation Hall at the Capitol Visitor Center Ceremony follows a nearly 10-year effort by National Congress of Black Women "  Sojourner Truth 's story will be told again and again , " first lady Michelle Obama says
It 's time for Apple to "  step up or shut up " when it comes to launching new products , according to brand expert Jonathan Gabay . The Wall Street Journal reports that Apple is experimenting with iPhone screen sizes larger than the current four inches while also trying out larger iPads with a gigantic 13-inch display . The rumors , whether true or not , are "  typical Apple " before a big earnings report , according to Gabay , who is an author and speaker on brands . Following flat smartphone sales and no low-cost product on the market , shareholders are bracing themselves for a heavy drop in profits when the company reports fiscal third-quarter earnings on Tuesday . The California-based tech giant has failed to launch any new products in the last three months and Gabay believes rivals , notably Korean-technology company Samsung , are starting to gain ground with models such as the Galaxy S4 providing a cheaper alternative . He told CNN : "  I think that since the demise of -LSB- Steve -RSB- Jobs people have been concerned about what will happen to the Apple brand . People have been anticipating something that will show that Apple is still original . " Gabay said the pressure is mounting on Apple boss Tim Cook -- who took over as chief executive officer in 2011 following the death of Jobs , the company 's founder -- to come up with a product that will inject life back into the company . He added : "  The pressure is definitely there . People are looking at price as well as technology , given the economic times we 're in . That gives Apple a bit of an issue because they 've always been high-end market . " "  I think he -LSB- Cook -RSB- has done a great job organizing the company . But I think now people are saying ` time 's up . ' " The company 's problems have been well-documented over the last year . The company 's stock price has dropped 40 % over the past 10 months and in April Apple announced that earnings fell year-over-year for the first time since late 2003 . However , the company is still expected to post $ 35 billion in sales and $ 6.9 billion in profit . Apple is currently the sixth largest U.S. company measured by revenue , and its sales are expected to grow by 9 % in 2013 .	The Wall Street Journal reports that Apple is experimenting with iPhone screen sizes California-based Apple 's stock price has dropped 40 % over the past 10 months Gabay believes rivals , notably Korean-technology company , Samsung , are starting to gain ground
Washington  CNN  -- Millions of phone calls have been made . Thousands of yard signs are posted on Badger State lawns . Television ads blanket the Wisconsin airwaves . All of this frenetic activity in Tuesday 's gubernatorial recall in Wisconsin comes at an unprecedented price tag : Upward of $ 63 million , and that does n't take into account money raised the last three weeks that has n't been registered yet . "  When we come up with a final tally for this race , it 's going to be in the $ 70  million  to $ 80 million range , " predicted Mike McCabe , who runs Wisconsin Democracy Campaign , a nonpartisan campaign watchdog group . Walker 's fate comes down to ground game The money raised in the recall already shatters Wisconsin 's record of $ 37 million , set just 18 months ago when Republican Gov. Scott Walker was first elected . It 's a mind-blowing amount of money , especially for a state as small and inexpensive politically as Wisconsin . Recall vote is judgment day for Wisconsin governor "  This is way out of proportion to a state this size , " said McCabe , sitting in his Madison office surrounded by workers entering a continuous stream of fund-raising data onto his group 's website . What 's also out of proportion : Walker has raised 7Â 1/2 times that of his Democratic challenger , Tom Barrett . To date , Barrett has raised just under $ 4 million . Walker has pulled in $ 30.5 million . That wide disparity can be attributed in part to a quirk in the election law . Public officials in Wisconsin who are targeted for a recall are allowed to raised unlimited sums of money until the recall is formally set . In Walker 's case , that was March . So a lot of rich Republicans , seeing the Wisconsin recall battle as a preview of the presidential race , wrote Walker huge checks . What 's at stake in Wisconsin ? Wisconsin billionaire Diane Hendricks gave Walker more than $ 500,000 . Texan Bob Perry , who bankrolled the infamous 2004 "  Swift Boat " attacks against John Kerry , also contributed half of $ 1 million directly to Walker . Las Vegas casino magnate Sheldon Adelson and Michigan millionaire Dick DeVos each donated $ 250,000 . In fact , 70 % of Walker 's donations in the last month came from outside Wisconsin -- hundreds of thousands of contributors large and small from all over the country . Phil Prange has raised money for Wisconsin Republicans for 25 years . He said when former GOP Gov. Tommy Thompson was on the ballot in 2000 , he had 50,000 people on his donor list . "  It was actually controversial , " Prange said . Walker 's list of at least 250,000 dwarfs that one . Prange remembers potential donors laughing at him when he tried to raise money from out of state for a Wisconsin political campaign . "  Anything over $ 100 was a hard ask . Now apparently you can ask for a million dollars and get it in the same moment , which is amazing , " Prange said . He said he knew things were different with the recall when he went to a party in Chicago several months ago and met people from Arizona , Florida , Texas and Massachusetts who had already contributed to help Walker beat back the recall . "  I was shocked , " Prange recalled . Individual contributions only tell part of the story of big bucks in Wisconsin 's recall . Outside groups supporting both candidates flooded the state with some $ 25 million . They look like a who 's who of Washington special interests -- from Planned Parenthood to the National Rifle Association . When the dollars are tallied up in this category , Democratic outside groups supporting Barrett will have outspent those backing Walker . Labor unions , which have an enormous stake in the recall since the backlash against Walker began when he all but did away with collective bargaining rights for public employees , have given $ 8 million in traceable donations to help Barrett . It 's likely unions have given much more to Democratic groups not required to disclose their donors . Opinion : Fix , do n't destroy , public worker unions The Republican Governors Association is another big contributor -- at least $ 9 million , including $ 1 million from GOP high roller David Koch . These groups register and advertise with names that appear to be homegrown . We are Wisconsin is organized and funded mostly by national unions in Washington . Right Direction Wisconsin is really an arm of the Republican Governors Association . Then there are the stealth super PACS whose donors are anonymous . They have given $ 8.5 million . The Wisconsin Democracy Campaign lists eight such groups on its website . Most , such as Americans for Prosperity and the Club for Growth , are groups on the right trying to help Walker . One , Greater Wisconsin Committee , is trying to help push Walker out . Again , the donors are anonymous . "  Elections are being poisoned here , but the people of Wisconsin ca n't know who is paying for most of the poison , " McCabe said . The irony is that despite the tens of millions raised and spent on the recall election , it is an open question whether it will make a real difference . Wisconsin 's electorate is so polarized , that public and party polls suggest most people 's minds are already made up . What both parties agree on , however , is that the extra campaign cash does help where it matters most : identifying voters and making sure they get to the polls on Election Day .	To date , Gov. Scott Walker has raised 7Â 1/2 times that of Democrat , Tom Barrett Watchdog group expects final recall tally to be $ 70 million - $ 80 million Some 70 % of Walker 's donations in last month came from outside Wisconsin Outside groups backing both candidates flooded state with some $ 25 million
CNN  -- Eight people who died in a fire in an abandoned building in New Orleans , Louisiana , overnight are believed to have been in their late teens or early 20s , the city fire department said Tuesday . The victims , who were in a small warehouse in the Upper Ninth Ward , are believed to have been homeless and were burning a fire to stay warm , officials said . Two squatters tried to wake the others but had to eventually flee through a window in the tin building , authorities said . A fire department dispatcher said the call came in shortly before 2 a.m. Tuesday . "  The area is known to be frequented by transients , " said fire department spokesman Capt. Edwin Holmes Jr. . Those inside apparently were burning trash in a barrel , Holmes said . An investigator indicated the bottom of the barrel may have burned through , Holmes said . Authorities also found the remains of two dogs . Chief Charles Parent told CNN affiliate WDSU that the victims may have sough warmth inside the building as temperatures dipped below freezing in the area . A freeze warning was in effect for the region early Tuesday , WDSU reported . Holmes said that numerous phone calls Tuesday indicated that some of the victims may have been from out of town . The building is less than a mile from the French Quarter and was likely abandoned before Hurricane Katrina . Many of the victims may have known each other by nicknames , Holmes said . The area is known for panhandling , he said . Authorities were in the process of identifying the badly burned victims , who may have died from carbon monoxide poisoning or smoke inhalation , Holmes said .	NEW : Victims were in their late teens or early 20s WDSU : The victims may have sought warmth from freezing temperatures The victims are believed to have been homeless The call came in shortly before 2 a.m.
CNN  -- At least two of the five Egyptian diplomats kidnapped in Libya on Friday have been released , according to Egyptian and Libyan state news agencies . Egypt 's agency , MENA , is quoting the Libyan Defense Minister Adel El-Faadey as saying that the remaining two will be released Monday . News from Libyan news agency LANA on Sunday said that five diplomats and an embassy worker were abducted . CNN is working to confirm the news about the embassy worker . LANA quotes an official source Sunday saying that two diplomats and the embassy staffer were released and arrived at their residence in Tripoli in good health . LANA also reported that a senior Libyan foreign ministry official met with the freed diplomats at their residence to check that they were OK . Gunmen carried out the kidnappings from the Egyptian Embassy in Tripoli . The embassy was evacuated Saturday . Libya 's Justice Minister Salah al-Maghani stridently condemned the abductions and called for their freedom . A spokesman for the Libyan Foreign Ministry , Said Al-Aswad , earlier told the Egyptian MENA news agency that the motive behind the kidnapping was unknown and that Libyan authorities were investigating . On Saturday , the Libyan ambassador to Egypt said that the kidnappings could be in retaliation for the Friday arrest of Shaaban Hadiya in Alexandria , Egypt . Hadiya is also known as Abu Obedia El-Zawy and he heads the state-funded militia group Libyan Revolutionary Operations Room , or LROR . According to news sources , El-Zawy 's group was responsible for the kidnapping of Libyan Prime Minister Ali Zeidan last October . The Libyan General National Congress , which is drafting a new Libyan constitution , has demanded that Egyptian authorities release El-Zawy immediately . Earlier this week , a South Korean trade official was rescued after being taken from his car in Tripoli last Sunday . His kidnappers were detained , authorities said . Libya 's government and fragile state security forces are struggling to impose law and order in a country awash with weapons left over from the 2011 war that ousted dictator Moammar Gadhafi . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian , Jomana Karadsheh , Leslie Holland and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	At least two of five Egyptian diplomats kidnapped in Libya have reportedly been released Libyan state news : Senior Libyan foreign ministry official met with freed diplomats The motive behind the abductions is unknown
Eureka , California  CNN  -- Police had a man who is suspected of killing a Catholic priest in his California rectory , but they let him go . It was mere hours before the slaying of the Rev. Eric Freed that an odd-acting Gary Lee Bullock had been in custody for public intoxication . On New Year 's Eve , Humboldt County sheriff 's deputies had responded to reports that a person was "  acting strangely " and arrested Bullock , taking him to jail . But Bullock , police said , was "  rejected " from the facility "  due to his erratic behavior . " Bullock , 43 , was then moved to a nearby hospital , "  where he became more agitated and had to be physically restrained by deputies , " police said . Bullock was eventually booked into a jail shortly after 4:30 p.m. on New Year 's Eve , staying there for more than eight hours . He was released at 12:43 a.m. on January 1 . Less than two hours later , police got a call about a suspicious person at St. Bernard Church in Eureka , California . Officers found Bullock there , but he was not taken into custody . He was n't "  intoxicated and did not qualify for an emergency psychological hold , " explained Eureka Police Chief Andy Mills . Instead , police referred Bullock to a shelter , Mills said . At some point later , a guard at St. Bernard found a person matching Bullock 's description on the premises and told him to leave , police said . Then there was a devastating discovery . Church staff found Freed 's body , and police were called at 9 a.m. on New Year 's Day . Officers and a parishioner , who happened to be a doctor , determined the priest was dead . Mills said there were signs of "  forced entry " and a struggle . Police said the reverend suffered "  blunt force trauma . " An arrest warrant was issued for Bullock , and authorities asked for the public 's help in finding him and a 2010 Nissan hybrid belonging to the slain priest . Bullock apparently fled 45 minutes from the parish to a family member 's house in Freed 's car , police told CNN . One of Bullock 's relatives called police . "  There 's no question in our mind he 's responsible for this heinous act , " Chief Mills told CNN 's Jake Tapper on Thursday , citing evidence recovered at the crime scene and interviews with eyewitnesses allegedly linking Bullock to the priest 's death . The county coroner on Thursday ruled the death a homicide . An autopsy is set for Saturday . Mills said Thursday that authorities do n't have a motive for the killing . But the police chief speculated it was probably "  a crime of opportunity . " "  To me , ` why ' is the biggest thing that we would like to establish -- to bring a sense of ease and comfort to the community , " Mills said . "  But right now , I 'm just glad that this incident is done , it is over with , he 's in custody  and  the public can take a deep breath . " Killing shakes town , friends , parishioners Freed 's slaying has rattled many in Eureka , including members of Freed 's parish and those who knew him from the nearby public university where he taught . Mourning parishioners and community leaders gathered outside the church Thursday . John Chiv said that he and other St. Bernard parishioners are shocked and angry . "  It 's hard to feel Christian because ... it was brutal , " Chiv said , adding that Freed was "  very jovial ... very accessible  and  very loving . " "  We lost a pastor , we lost a friend and , for many of us , he was like a father figure . " Freed had been part of the greater Santa Rosa diocese since 1999 , establishing himself as a "  great preacher " and an engaging teacher from his work in Catholic schools , said Msgr. Daniel Whelton . "  He was like an old shoe , just an easy person to be with , " said the monsignor , who is the diocese 's vicar general . " ... He was an upbeat person  who  always saw the glass half full . ... It was n't about him . " The death of the priest was felt beyond the church . Eureka Mayor Frank Jager said Freed was a personal friend and had been a "  tremendous person in this community " since his arrival three years ago . While he was relatively new to St. Bernard , Freed had already made an impact there and elsewhere around Eureka -- including with the city 's Japanese-American community . Freed lived in Japan for many years , Jager told reporters . "  This is an absolutely tremendous loss not only for the St. Bernard 's Parish , but for our community generally , " the mayor said . "  For those of us who believe in prayer , this is the time for that . " "  Eric knew as well as anybody just how senseless violence could be , " said William Herbrechtsmeier , a professor at Humboldt State University , where Freed was a lecturer . "  When a fine person like him is brought down -- that 's just tragic . " Herbrechtsmeier said the priest 's life extended beyond his work . He was a diehard University of Southern California Trojans fan and loved to watch sports . He wrote a book about the first atomic bomb and also taught about the New Testament . "  He was a really , genuinely warm individual , " said professor Stephen Cunha , the chairman of Humboldt State University 's religious studies department . "  Kind is the word that comes to mind , sensitive . " "  He was very well respected , very well liked and had a tremendous working knowledge as well as academic knowledge , " Cunha said . "  To think that he passed in this way , it 's just layers of grief and shock . " "  This was not some stuffy clergyman . He was very much someone that you could sit down and speak with . ... He connected with everybody . " Just a few days ago , the priest sent a note to his parishioners , thanking them for their support and prayers and wishing them a merry Christmas and happy New Year . "  I can not tell you how proud and honored I am to be your pastor , " Freed wrote in a letter posted on the parish website . "  Our parish is alive , joyful and full of faith , hope and charity that define us as Catholic Christians . " CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Greg Botelho reported and wrote this story from Atlanta , and CNN 's Dan Simon reported from Eureka . CNN 's Augie Martin , Devon Sayers and Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	The slain priest was a friend and father figure to many , a parishioner says The Rev. Eric Freed was found dead in the rectory of his Eureka , California , church Authorities do n't have a motive for the killing , Eureka 's police chief says The suspect , Gary Bullock , had been arrested the previous night for public intoxication
CNN  -- The United States announced tougher sanctions against Iran on Monday , joining Britain and Canada in a coordinated effort to tighten the screws around the country 's suspected nuclear weapons program . The new measures target Iran 's petrochemical industry and its oil and gas business , said U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The United States also named Iran as a "  primary money laundering concern . " Clinton said she expects additional sanctions by other international partners and that taken together "  these measures represent a significant ratcheting up of pressure on Iran , its sources of income and its illegal activities . " Britain cut all financial ties with Iran , the first time it has cut an entire country 's banking sector off from British finance , the British Treasury announced earlier on Monday . Similarly , Canada said it was implementing a series of tougher sanctions , prohibiting almost all financial transactions with the Iranian government . The moves come days after an International Atomic Energy Agency report highlighted new concerns about "  the possible military dimensions of Iran 's nuclear program , " the British Treasury statement said Monday . Iran says its nuclear program is peaceful and has called the U.N. watchdog 's report "  unbalanced " and "  politically motivated . " "  The IAEA 's report last week provided further credible and detailed evidence about the possible military dimensions of the Iranian nuclear program , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement . "  Today we have responded resolutely by introducing a set of new sanctions that prohibit all business with Iranian banks . " Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird also cited the recent IAEA report as "  yet more proof that the current regime in Tehran poses the most significant threats to global peace and security today . " "  Canada is implementing , as of right now , a series of even tougher measures under the Special Economics Measures Act . These expanded sanctions prohibit almost all financial transactions with the Iranian government , add individuals and entities to the list of designated persons and expand the list of prohibited goods , " he said in a statement . Also Monday French President Nicolas Sarkozy sent a letter to various leaders and heads of state , urging "  new sanctions of unprecedented magnitude to convince Iran that it must negotiate , " according to a statement . France recommended that the European Union and its member states , as well as the United States , Japan , Canada and other willing countries , freeze the asset of Iran 's Central Bank and suspend purchases of Iranian oil . Iran 's nuclear program , the French president said , risks nuclear proliferation and "  could spark a military escalation in the region with catastrophic consequences for Iran and for the world . " Pentagon denies bunker-busting bomb is intended for Iran The European Union already has an extensive set of sanctions in place . France , as one of the member states , is pushing to increase them . According to European diplomats , next week the EU is expected to pass further sanctions similar to what the United States announced , but France wants the international community to move beyond that , collectively . U.S. officials had been considering action against the Central Bank of Iran but became concerned that a full sanction could have a negative effect on the world economy because of the potential impact on oil prices . A number of congressional members have been calling for sanctions against the bank amid questions about how much the current restrictions are working . U.S. sanctions already prohibited American companies from doing business with Iran . "  Let me be clear : Today 's actions do not exhaust our opportunities to sanction Iran . We continue actively to consider a range of increasingly aggressive measures , " said Clinton . Following Monday 's announcement , senior officials with the U.S. Treasury Department spoke to reporters on a conference call , stressing the decision to designate an entire jurisdiction , like Iran , as a "  primary money laundering concern " is rare . The action will create a chilling effect and should serve as a wake-up call to banks and financial institutions around the world still doing business with Iran , they said . On Friday , the International Atomic Energy Agency board of governors issued a resolution expressing "  deep and increasing concern about the unresolved issues regarding the Iranian nuclear program . " But the U.N. agency 's resolution did not threaten action to curb Iran 's nuclear ambitions . CNN 's Jamie Crawford , Jill Dougherty , Alex Felton , Elise Labott and Niki Cook contributed to this report .	The United States names Iran as a "  primary money laundering concern " The sanctions target the country 's petrochemical industry and its oil and gas business Canada prohibits almost all financial transactions with the Iranian government British companies must end all banking ties to Iran
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- As one of the highest officials in the Mexican Catholic Church , Monsignor Victor Rene Rodriguez has been receiving the alarming reports from all over the nation . His priests are telling him they are being constantly threatened , extorted and abused by drug traffickers . "  Sometimes threats do n't materialize , " Rodriguez said . "  But in cases where priests have n't obeyed the drug traffickers ' demands , churches have been damaged , priests attacked , and , in a few cases , even killed . " Monsignor Rodriguez is the secretary general of the Mexican Conference of Bishops and the Bishop of Texcoco . He says some fellow bishops have opted for canceling early evening masses to protect parishioners from the drug violence . Rodriguez points to states like Chihuahua , the most violent in Mexico . Of the 28,000 drug-related deaths in the last four years , 40 percent have happened in this border state . In Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas , more than 100 pastors have reported threats , and extortion has become all too common . About 90 percent of Mexico 's total population of 110 million people describe themselves as Catholic . In fact , Mexico has the second largest population of Catholics in the world . But the threats are affecting evangelical churches as well . The Rev. Jose Raul Murillo , head pastor at the Faith in Jesus Christ Apostolic Church in Juarez , says pastors are falsely accused of siding with certain gangs . "  They threaten us , " he said . "  They accuse us of siding with La Linea -LSB- drug gang -RSB- or La Familia -LSB- rival gang -RSB- . They also tell us , ` You have to cooperate with us or we will kill you . ' " Monsignor Rodriguez also says priests are forced to minister to drug traffickers . "  They give the orders , " he said . "  They say , ` We will pick you up . We need you to minister . ' And there have been cases where a priest has been unable to go to perform a baptism ritual or a first communion and his church has suffered the consequences . " The families of priests are being threatened as well , Rodriguez said . The Mexican Catholic Church has adopted several measures to minimize the risks to priests caused by drug violence . For example , priests are being asked to always wear clothing that identifies them as religious people and to restrict trips to remote areas .	Priests are being threatened , extorted and abused by drug traffickers , monsignor says Some priests have even been killed , said Monsignor Victor Rene Rodriguez In Ciudad Juarez , more than 100 priests have reported threats and extortion Evangelical churches also are being targeted
Paris  CNN  -- A librarian in northern France made what may be the discovery of his lifetime when he uncovered a rare Shakespeare 's First Folio in his library 's collection . There are fewer than 240 known copies of the First Folio -- the first printed collection of 36 of William Shakespeare 's plays , produced in 1623 , seven years after his death -- so turning up a new one is an unlikely event . For Remy Cordonnier , director of the medieval and early modern collection at the library in Saint-Omer , the moment he realized what he held in his hands was one of excitement -- and disbelief . He was preparing an exhibition on Anglo-Saxon authors in September when he came across the First Folio . It was missing some pages , which is why it had been misfiled many decades ago . "  We looked deeper and we realized quickly that it was not a common edition , " Cordonnier told CNN . At first , the director could not believe what he had found . "  I think I have 2.5 million pounds in my hands , " he told his boss . He then sought advice from Eric Rasmussen , a Shakespeare expert at the University of Nevada in Reno . "  I am not an expert myself on Shakespeare 's pieces , so I wanted to have the opinion of an expert , " said Cordonnier . "  This is why I contacted Eric Rasmussen to make sure they did not already know about the First Folio . He was actually in London working on the Shakespeare year at the British Library and agreed to come to authenticate the document . " Rasmussen 's authentication , just this past weekend , confirmed what Cordonnier had suspected . The Saint-Omer library was home to a Shakespeare 's First Folio . This discovery "  will add prestige to the region and help reconnect with our illustrious history , unfortunately forgotten for a century and a half , " Cordonnier said . The library still plans to make the First Folio part of the Anglo-Saxon exhibition , but it will not be put on display . "  It is going to be digitized to be accessible to the public , at least virtually , " Cordonnier said . The precious book , meanwhile , will be stored in a safe to protect it from any damage . According to the British Library , which holds four copies , the First Folio was produced by two of Shakespeare 's fellow actors and closest friends , John Heminge and Henry Condell . Although some of the playwright 's works had been published before in a smaller , poorly edited format , the roughly 900-page book was the first to unite almost all of them , categorized as "  Comedies , Histories and Tragedies . " Without the First Folio , much of Shakespeare 's work would have been lost to subsequent generations . The Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington , with 82 First Folios , has the single largest collection of the books , representing one-third of the world 's existing copies . Shakespeare turns 450 this year CNN 's Marion Lory reported from Paris , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London .	A librarian stumbles across a previously unknown Shakespeare 's First Folio The copy had been misfiled decades ago in the library in Saint-Omer The book , printed in 1623 , is one of fewer than 240 known to exist in the world A U.S. Shakespeare expert authenticated the copy found in Saint-Omer
CNN  -- In his first inaugural address in 1953 , newly elected President Dwight D. Eisenhower told the American people , "  History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid . We must acquire proficiency in defense and display stamina in purpose . " This was a fitting and powerful response to the popular noninterventionism current of the 1950s from a five-star general who knew how to win a war . The first and most important job of the president is to be commander in chief . Eisenhower knew that , as so did many of our great presidents . Today , we are in danger of losing that founding virtue . President Obama 's decision to order a full withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of the year will most likely lead to disaster . He greatly risks losing a country in which we have invested so much time , resources and , most importantly , human life . And he risks losing it to Iran , the world 's largest sponsor of terrorism and our primary enemy in a serious Middle East proxy war . "  The long war in Iraq will come to an end by the end of this year , " Obama said Friday . It may come to an end for our troops , but it is far from over for the people of Iraq . Only very few of the loudest opponents of the Iraq war advocated complete withdrawal . The U.S. military commanders recommended at least 15,000 troops remain . Obama once again ignored his generals , as he did with Afghanistan , and instead pressed ahead with a politically calculated decision . Another view : "  Who lost Iraq " is the wrong question Perhaps this will gain him praise from the far left of his base , but this will not sit well with a vast majority of the American people . More than 4,000 Americans have died in the Iraq war . The American people have been impatient with the war , but they know we were successful in Iraq . To throw this all away for political expediency is irresponsible . To be tired is one thing , to be irresolute is another . The frequent refrain of Osama bin Laden was that he could always wait us out and that we would eventually show ourselves to be the weak horse , not the strong horse . And , God forbid , if we lose Iraq , it will be on the shoulders of the commander in chief . Under Obama 's plan , a mere 160 U.S. troops would stay in Iraq to guard the U.S. Embassy . That is hardly enough troops to defend our own people . For comparison , the United States has 1,234 troops in Belgium , 1,894 troops in Bahrain and 678 troops in Qatar , according to the Department of Defense 's active-duty military personnel records . We risk another Saigon moment by evacuating Iraq and leaving no support behind . On my radio show , "  Morning In America , " Michael Rubin , who is the American Enterprise Institute 's Middle East expert and teaches our troops at the Naval Postgraduate School , said with no qualifications that he thinks we will lose Iraq because of this . Dan Senor , senior adviser and the chief spokesman for the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq in 2003-2004 , told me that the president 's decision shocked and perplexed him . Iraq can not survive sectarian violence and Iranian influence on its own , he added . Baghdad will surely move closer to Tehran in our absence . Indeed , one can already see the influence of Tehran . Two weeks ago , Iraq publicly defended the actions of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , an early and telling sign that Iraq was preparing for the withdrawal of American forces . The Iranians want influence in Iraq ; Obama wants out of Iraq . The president defends his actions on the basis of his campaign pledge to withdraw all U.S. troops from Iraq and former President George W. Bush 's withdrawal timeline of 2011 . However , just until last week , the Obama administration was negotiating the Status of Forces Agreement with Nuri al-Maliki 's government with the understanding that several thousand troops would remain in Iraq -- a clear break from his campaign pledge . More importantly , total troop withdrawal was never a platform of Bush 's withdrawal timetable . We know that Tehran is celebrating the president 's announcement . Just weeks after spoiling an Iranian plot to assassinate the Saudi ambassador in Washington , D.C. , the United States will withdraw from its strongest post from which to engage Iran . We have given them an open road to Baghdad and unfettered weapons supply lines to Syria and Lebanon . By ceding Iran the high ground , the Obama administration has also undercut American and Israeli efforts to shut down Iran 's nuclear weapons program . In spite of all this , Obama will spend his re-election campaign trotting out his foreign policy accomplishments . He deserves credit where it is due . Osama bin Laden , Anwar al-Awlaki and Moammar Gadhafi are dead . But should we see the loss of Iraq and the rise of Iran , all this will be for naught . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : President Obama 's decision on troop withdrawal from Iraq is wrong He says it may gain him points with his base , but risks Iraq falling under Iran 's influence Bennett says U.S. generals wanted at least 15,000 troops to remain
TIME  -- Google Maps ' Street View is becoming less and less about photographing the road to grandma 's house and more about getting you off the road entirely . The tech giant 's latest project , unveiled Monday , takes mapping initiatives to new and extreme heights by offering interactive galleries of some of the world 's tallest mountains . The views include four famous peaks from across the globe : the snow-capped Everest Base Camp in Asia 's Himalayas , dormant volcano Mount Kilimanjaro in Africa , Mount Elbrus in Europe and Aconcagua in Pope Francis ' home country of Argentina . Users can drop into various camps and viewing locations along the mountains to explore 360-degree panoramas and trace the paths of some mountains ' trails with just a few clicks . "  It feels like you 're walking through the gates of hell because there are mule skeletons sticking out of the ground , " Dan Fredinburg , one of the Google team members who photographed all four peaks , says about his experience at Aconcagua . "  It was this out-of-world experience of entering into an environment where not many people go and knowing we were going to bring back that experience for others to see . " VIDEO : Google Street View Lets You Explore the Grand Canyon Fredinburg is a Google Adventurer . That 's not his normal title -- he 's a technical program manager who works on Google 's privacy and security team -- but his love of the extreme outdoors led him and his colleagues to start organizing visits to the highest mountains throughout the past year and a half . As they planned , another colleague suggested using their trip as an opportunity to collaborate with the Google Maps team , and their modern-day cartography mission was born . Google Maps uses a variety of devices besides cars to capture footage from all over the world , including pushcart trolleys , trikes and , on occasion , snowmobiles . Cliffside hiking , however , required a different strategy . The Trekker -- the backpack camera apparatus Google used to photograph its Grand Canyon collection , which debuted in February -- had yet to be invented when Fredinburg and friends set their sights on some summits . Scaling the world 's highest peaks is also an equipment-heavy undertaking , which means lugging around backpack-sized cameras was n't feasible . Instead , the adventurers went fairly low-tech , using an off-the-self digital camera and fish-eye lens -- the same tools Google 's Business Photos program has used to capture the interiors of more than 100,000 businesses since it launched three years ago . "  The fish-eye camera does allow you to get some amazing views , and it allows you to take photos a little bit more aggressively because you do n't need to stop and aim as well , " Fredinburg tells TIME . "  You just hold the camera in a direction , even if you 're precariously perched on the edge of a mountain . " VIDEO : Google Street View Lets Users Virtually Dive the Great Barrier Reef Precarious indeed . The mountain peak collection was one of Google 's trickiest mapping projects to photograph , as the adventure team dealt with torrential downpours , mudslides and even a 6.9-magnitute earthquake near Everest in the middle of the night . Working in Google 's Mountain View , Calif. headquarters means Fredinburg is no stranger to West Coast quakes , but when your lodging in Nepal consists of seismically unsound trading posts built out of stones , natural disasters are a whole other story . "  As I was out in the dark , you could hear people screaming and running for cover . That is an eye-opening experience , " Fredinburg says . "  These people accept their fate as predetermined . To see them panicking and fearing something , it tests your own ability to stay calm in situations like that and not panic as well . " The mountains ' high altitudes were another obstacle , one that required careful planning . At any given spot on the mountain , adventurers only need to take a few shots -- three leveled photographs in each compass direction . But when you have to do that every 20 feet without your normal supply of oxygen , capturing the  literally !  breathtaking beauty of geological wonders becomes a demanding and time-consuming task , so Fredinburg and the other adventurers would meet at night to plot their itinerary , which usually began at first light . Fortunately for them , assembling all that data back in Mountain View was a far less rigorous task : Google engineers use their mapping software to link the photos to their shooting locations and string them together to create the panoramic paths users walk through . "  The goal as a team is to make sure we had the opportunity to provide users with maps that are more accurate and usable , " Fredinburg says . "  Different adventurers and people who want to explore from the comfort of their homes have the opportunity to explore and see these different corners of the world . " PHOTOS : Street View and Beyond : Google 's Influence on Photography & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Google Maps ' Street View has posted views from four famous peaks across the globe Images are from Mount Everest Base Camp , Mount Kilimanjaro , Mount Elbrus and Aconcagua Users can explore 360-degree panoramas and trace mountain trails with just a few clicks
CNN  -- Moments after the explosion , as he lay in a canal in rural Afghanistan , Cpl. Todd Nicely screamed twice at the top of his lungs . He was hurt so badly , his right leg blown away , his left one barely hanging on , but then he thought of two things . His wife and his men . He did n't think of dying . He wanted to concentrate on getting home , and before that , he did n't want his squad 's last image to be its leader wailing in pain . "  I just -LSB- told myself -RSB- keep breathing , keep breathing . If you do that you 'll make it back to your wife , " he said recently by phone . "  I knew I was injured . It was whether I could bring myself to remain calm and not freak out and cause my vitals to go crazy . " What Nicely , who had stepped on the pressure plate of a roadside bomb , did n't realize at the time was that he had lost more than his legs . His arms also would need to be amputated . In another war , another time , Nicely would have died on the battlefield . Truth be told , there 's a strong chance his heart did stop at some point on that day in March 2011 . But thanks to modern body armor and a helicopter that arrived in just six minutes -- as well as quick reactions by his fellow Marines -- Nicely lived and became just the second quadruple amputee to survive battlefield injury wounds . They are a small group , the quadruple amputee combat vets -- just five of them . There are also 40 triple amputees . When they come home , they have their own set of issues , but many face the problems of every wounded vet . They start their new lives together . "  When you are out on the battlefield , you do n't realize how many amputees there are because you are not there and you do n't see them , " Nicely said . "  But when you are in the hospital and see all the amputations . ... But it 's like one big support group . It does n't matter whether you are a quad or missing one leg , it does n't matter , everybody is in it together and it 's like one big family in there . " For many wounded service members , the process of moving from military life back to civilian life can be confusing and fraught with delays . For Nicely , it was the frustrating wait for his discharge paperwork . For many injured troops , it can be getting their benefits straightened out . "  Despite the Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs ' best efforts , oftentimes the transition feels like you 've been thrown off a cliff , " said Jonathan Pruden , who as an Army captain lost a leg in Iraq in 2003 and now works for the Wounded Warrior Project . Organizations step up On September 11 , 2001 , an off-duty New York City firefighter named Stephen Siller found the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel blocked to traffic during the chaos after the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center . Siller , who was headed to play golf that morning , instead returned to his firehouse to grab his 60 pounds of gear , put it on and run the three miles to the burning towers , where he was killed . Stiller 's brother Frank created the Tunnel to Towers Foundation . Last year , he heard the story of Brendan Marrocco , a 22-year-old soldier from his Staten Island neighborhood , who was the first quadruple amputee wounded in war . "  We know that we 've been at war because of what happened on 9/11 , so we knew that we had to take care of our military , " Siller said . Siller went to visit Marrocco at Washington 's Walter Reed Army Medical Center , where he promised the Army specialist his organization would help with one of the soldier 's greatest needs , a home with smart technology . Siller 's organization worked with other groups , including a foundation headed by actor Gary Sinise , to raise more than $ 800,000 for the home , which has special features like stoves and sinks that move up and down , elevators , heated outdoor wheelchair ramps  to melt snow  and appliances that Marrocco controls by computer . The Tunnel to Towers Foundation has agreed to build homes for the other quadruple amputees and -- it hopes -- for triple amputees . The foundation plans to build 11 houses this year . YouTube : Watch as Todd Nicely visits his future home "  When you meet these kids they are so inspiring , " Siller said . "  They are incredible . Their spirit , the way they work so hard to get back to living every day in what is their new normal . " Nicely said his new home , being built in Lake of the Ozarks , Missouri , will lift a big burden . "  Having to rely on my wife to do a lot of things for me kinda takes a toll , " he said . "  When you 're not able to do things for yourself it kind of sets you back a little bit , so getting in there and getting to run at everything with a full head of speed is going to be pretty nice . " Other organizations , like the Veterans of Foreign Wars , also help wounded service members face obstacles . The VFW helps veterans file disability claims . Dawn Jirak , VFW assistant director for veterans ' health policy , said agents from the organization scour medical records to find everything a veteran should claim . They also explain to vets what conditions can not be claimed as related to their time in the military . The agents also explain what to look for in the future . "  There are certain presumptive conditions for veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan that may pop up in one year or five , " Jirak said . "  But if no one tells them , they wo n't know . " More than 624,000 veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan have filed disability claims , Military Times reported in January . More than two-thirds of all applications for benefits take the VA more than 125 days to process . Pruden , the former Army captain who is an alumni manager for the Wounded Warrior Project , is concerned that as wars end , Department of Defense funds for the severely wounded will dry up and the VA will struggle to fill the void . "  Our big concern is that the VA is not prepared to fill those shoes either in research or long-term rehab care , " Pruden said . "  Additional funding , additional staffing and ongoing oversight from Congress are important . " The next steps Nicely , who now walks with prosthetic legs , plans to go back to college soon , after he and his wife , Crystal , move into their new home . He thinks he 'll end up working for Tunnels to Towers one day when it opens an office in St. Louis . He wants to raise public awareness on the plight of this new kind of veteran , the triple or quadruple amputee , and help them get homes that work for them , he said . He also wants to counsel other wounded troops . Recently he met with Army Staff Sgt. Travis Mills , who lost his four limbs in a similar way . Nicely wanted to actually walk into a room at Walter Reed and show Mills something important . "  There 's life after the hospital bed , " he said . "  You just have to put in the time and energy . "	More troops surviving bad wounds thanks to battlefield medicine , body armor Badly wounded vets find help via special organizations One group raises money to build special homes for triple , quadruple amputees Expert : VA needs staff , money to handle growing wounded population
CNN  -- American skating star Apolo Anton Ohno snatched a record-breaking silver medal at the Winter Olympics in Vancouver after a final-lap crash by his South Korean rivals in the 1,500 meters race , while skier Hannah Kearney gave the United States a first gold medal in Saturday 's final event . Ohno , who won gold at Salt Lake City in 2002 , looked to be out of the medals as Jung-Su Lee , Si-Bak Sung and Ho-Suk Lee were poised to complete a clean sweep in the men 's short-track race . But Ho-Suk Lee was disqualified from the six-man final after cutting across his compatriots on the final turn , with Jung-Su Lee escaping the debacle to claim gold ahead of Ohno , while J.R. Celski gave the U.S. a bronze medal . The 27-year-old Ohno earned his sixth Winter Olympics medal , making him the most successful U.S. male competitor as he overtook long-track star Eric Heiden , and leaving him equal overall with female skating legend Bonnie Blair . Canada 's second-ranked Charles Hamelin had to make do with victory in the B Final after failing to qualify for the main race . Blog : Opening ceremony flawed but perfect Jung-Su Lee had edged out Ohno in winning their semifinal , with his fellow Koreans coming top in theirs . Kearney , by comparison to Ohno , won her first Olympic medal as she edged out defending champion Jennifer Heil of Canada to win gold in the final run of the ladies ' freestyle moguls event , with American Shannon Bahrke taking the bronze . Kearney , the 2005 world champion , made up for her disappointing effort four years ago as she continued the form that saw her win the last World Cup event before the Olympics in Lake Placid two weeks ago . Her points tally of 26.63 lifted her above Heil 's 25.69 , which gave hosts Canada a first medal , with U.S. national champion Bahrke tallying 25.43 to add to her silver medal from Turin in 2002 . Ski-jumping Switzerland 's Simon Ammann earlier claimed the first gold medal of the 2010 Games when he won the opening men 's ski-jumping event on Saturday , while Dutch skater Sven Kramer took out the first title on ice in a record time . The 28-year-old Ammann secured his third career Olympic victory , following two golds in 2002 , as he triumphed in the normal hill competition . Ammann led after the first round and then , as the last man to leap in the final session , produced a huge jump of 108 meters at Whistler Olympic Park . He finished with a total of 276.5 points to push Poland 's Adam Malysz into the silver medal position . "  Life does not always go the way you want it to . This is why I want to cherish the moments , and I 've had a lot of luck in my career and also today , " Ammann , who was in 2002 nicknamed the "  Harry Potter of ski-jumping " due to his likeness to J.K. Rowling 's boy wizard , told reporters . Malysz had been on top after a jump of 105 meters which , when boosted by the style judges ' marks , put him ahead of bronze medal winner Gregor Schlierenzauer of Austria , who had leaped 106.5 meters . Malysz finished on a total of 269.5 points , with Schlierenzauer on 268 . Speedskating Kramer earned the 5,000 meters speed skating title with an Olympic record time of six minutes and 14.60 seconds . The 23-year-old world champion went one better than his silver medal at Turin 2006 as he finished 2.35 seconds ahead of South Korea 's Lee Seung-Hoon . "  I started fast , but I was dying in the end . It was probably my hardest and best race ever , " Kramer said . Ivan Skobrev of Russia won the bronze medal in 6:18.05 , while defending champion Chad Hendrick of the United States finished way back in 11th . Biathlon The first women 's gold medal of the Games was claimed by Slovakia 's Anastazia Kuzmina , who triumphed in the biathlon 7.5 kilometer sprint event . She became the first athlete from the East European nation to win at a Winter Olympics , with her winning time of 19 minutes and 55.6 seconds heading off Germany 's Magdalena Neuner in second place  19:57.1  . "  It 's a big surprise . I did n't expect to win , however I 'm in good shape , " Kuzmina said . Marie Dorin of France won bronze in the event , which combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting , with a time of 20:06.5 . Ice Hockey In the opening women 's ice hockey match , 2006 silver medallists Sweden defeated Switzerland 3-0 at the UBC Thunderbird Arena . Goals in each of the first three periods from Danijela Rundqvist , Tina Enstrom and Erica Uden Johansson sealed victory in the Group A match . Hosts and defending champions Canada demolished Slovakia 18-0 in Saturday 's other Group A fixture to break the record they set in defeating Italy 16-0 in 2006 . Alpine skiing Meanwhile , the men 's alpine skiing downhill competition at Whistler Creekside scheduled for Saturday has been postponed until Monday due to adverse weather . Skiing 's blue riband event was supposed to open the program , but overnight snow and rain followed by mild temperatures made conditions unsuitable . American Bode Miller , the 2005 world champion , will be seeking to win his first Olympic gold , having claimed two silvers on home soil at Salt Lake City in 2002 . Sunday 's women 's super-combined and slalom skiing events have also been postponed after the competitors were unable to complete practice runs on Saturday . American medal hope Lindsey Vonn has entered in both disciplines , among five she will be competing in , having shrugged off recent injury problems .	Skier Hannah Kerney claims first U.S. gold medal of Winter Olympics in ladies ' moguls American skating star Apolo Anton Ohno snatches a silver medal as Korean rivals crash Swiss ski-jumper Simon Ammann claims first gold medal of the Games in normal hill event World champion Sven Kramer wins 5,000 meters speed skating title in record time
CNN  -- I thought it was absolutely fantastic , the enthusiasm of the people , the logistics . I like it even more because there has been so much doom-saying and criticism in the run-up to these games . There must be a few very frustrated marathon runners who could have set a new world record in the terribly polluted air of Beijing but decided not to compete , not to mention so many journalists that wished the games to end up in a disaster . The people in the cities hosting Olympic events and BOCOG deserve praise . The IOC , in my opinion , deserves even more praise for choosing Beijing and sticking to its decision despite all the criticism . Go China ! Go ! Laurentius Metaal GM Projects Western Way For Industrial Development Co. Ltd. . Of course the show was without equal , for which congratulations are well deserved . HOWEVER , the spending of $ 40 billion in the face of abject rural poverty , the clandestine treatment of local gymnasts ' ages , the lip-synching + re-editing of the opening ceremony and the shipping-off of near-octogenarian women to labor camp after filing an unwanted eyesore of a protest "  application " as only a FEW examples , show that while we can admire China 's cosmetic ability to show itself off , we MUST be wary of the beast within . Thank you for the greatest Olympics ever , China ! Now , can we see some freedom for your people and some more balanced economic development ? John Jakarta , Indonesia I think that the International Olympic Committee made a tragic mistake when they awarded the Olympic games to the Chinese . The Chinese have a ... track record of human rights violations that only increased before and during the Olympics . It was disappointing that many media outlets covered so little of the atrocities that the Chinese government committed against their people . I realize that they had a commitment to cover the games , but so much more could have been shown concerning the loss that occurred for the entertainment of others . Homes were seized and demolished so the venues could be built . Michele McCullough I think it was perhaps the best Olympics ever . China did an outstanding job of preparing and producing a very successful two weeks of competition on a world-class level . I would hate to be London and have to try even matching the spectacle or the opening and closing shows . Because of people power , which they used brilliantly , I think no other country will ever hold a candle to those two events . Mostly , I am happy for China . I think the world will view it differently despite issues in which we differ greatly . I am hopeful that the afterglow of its success will spill over into many other areas and bring a better future to its people . Wallace Rhodes I do n't know why the medal tracker is not done on a weighted point-based system . For example a Gold = 5 , Silver = 3 , and a Bronze = 1 . This would eliminate the debate and allow gold to be valued higher and all medals to count for something . Cheers , Mike K I think the games were great , but why should n't they be ? With a country whose government can control everything and spend what it wants , everything should have been perfect . In a country with the the number of people that China has there should be an amazing number of gold ... perhaps even more . Thing about the number of people in China vs Canada . Percentage-wise China should have won a lot more . I 'm glad that the games went well , but I do n't think anyone should be at all surprised . Few countries have the number of people , the freedom for government control and spending that China has . It would be interesting to know what China could have done / would have done without government control . Dan Ingram Toronto Participant age controversies and government ideologies aside , this could well have been the greatest Olympics of the modern age . With less pomp and ceremony and more art and talent , the Chinese have brought together both its people , its money , and its true concern for artistic beauty , and displayed to the world what it is capable of being . Now , if it would let its people figure out how to develop and illustrate their Olympic talents without the force and pressure of the whole weight of government , we could surely have some wonderful Olympic Champions . Thank you , Joel Shattles Lawrenceville , Georgia , U.S. . A spectacular Olympics to be sure  however not the greatest cover of events on local TV in Bermuda ... Thank goodness for my satellite dish !!  Only real complaint was that the scoring for boxing was a travesty ... Please scrap that system !! Donald MacPherson Bermuda Without a doubt , China put on the most spectacular show on earth ! However , the issue of many of China 's gymnastic team not meeting age-requirement standards is of concern . Mention of this issue has been reported by CNN , and since no further commentary has been announced , I presume the issue is still under investigation . Evidence that under-age gymnasts were knowingly being trained for China 's Olympic gymnastic team is well documented in Discovery Channel 's series - Discovery Atlas - China . In that documentary is the story of Jin Yang , a 12-year-old girl from Beijing . Her intensive training , along with her performance in China 's qualifying Olympic trial competition , was filmed . In her own words , Jin stated , ' I dream of the 2008 Olympics . ' Jin Jang qualified after the first round , but was eliminated after the second one . Clearly , this is irrefutable evidence that China 's Olympic coaches , etc. , were attempting to create the most talented Olympic competitors irrespective of meeting age-requirement standards set by Olympic committee regulations . This evidence needs to be presented not only to the world at large , but submitted to the Olympic investigating committee . Sincerely , Sandra St John Sao Paulo , Brazil Olympic Games ; vulgar and shameful display of unrestrained commercialism . Luis in Mexico I think they were great . China may have its share of problems , but they proved to be an excellent host nation . I wish the Olympics were less politicized , but I guess that will not be changing anytime soon . W May Fairfax , Virginia , U.S.	Many people impressed with show ; criticism of human rights , cheating remains Sandra St John : "  China put on the most spectacular show on earth ! " Luis in Mexico : "  vulgar and shameful display of unrestrained commercialism "
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The next time a married man or woman glances your way , you might think twice before acting on impulse and frolicking between satin sheets . The scorned spouse could sue you . Yes , you read that right . You , the paramour , can get hit with a lawsuit that could cost you hundreds of thousands of dollars . They 're known as "  alienation of affection " suits , when an "  outsider " interferes in a marriage . The suits are allowed in seven states : Hawaii , Illinois , Mississippi , New Mexico , North Carolina , South Dakota and Utah . The law allowing such legal action dates back to antiquated times when a wife was considered the property of a husband . A broken-hearted hubby could go after his wife 's lover -- not with a gun , but with the law . In modern times , the suits are filed for two reasons : money and revenge . Juries in North Carolina have handed out awards in excess of $ 1 million on multiple occasions . "  If your spouse is going to cheat , you really would like them to cheat with somebody who has a lot of money , " says Lee Rosen , a North Carolina divorce attorney who deals with alienation of affection cases on a daily basis . And that 's why many legal experts are paying close attention to the Tiger Woods saga . Will his wife go after an alleged mistress ? Were any of his "  transgressions " with someone who is married ? If so , the jilted hubby might be able to go after the world 's richest golfer . It does n't matter that Woods lives in Florida , a state where the suits are n't allowed , legal experts say . If any of Woods ' professed "  sins " took place in an alienation of affection state , look out . "  If he had been dating a married woman , there could be the potential for a lucrative recovery , " Rosen says . "  You 've got to have a really affluent paramour that makes for a good target . " The suits rarely make it to trial . Usually , just the threat of such a lawsuit is enough for an out-of-court settlement . Click through a gallery of famous sex scandals "  When folks are getting divorced , the threat of having the person 's new boyfriend , girlfriend , husband or wife dragged into court and the dirty laundry aired ... causes enormous pressure , " says Matt Steffey , a law professor at Mississippi College School of Law . Mississippi has been rocked by a high-profile suit , filed this summer , involving everything from allegations of ski resort trysts to a secret journal ordered kept under seal by a judge . Better yet , it involves a congressman who once co-sponsored legislation for President George W. Bush to declare 2008 the "  National Year of the Bible . " The son of a prominent federal judge in Mississippi , Chip Pickering was the rising GOP star of the state -- hand-picked to succeed Trent Lott in the U.S. Senate . Then , everything unraveled . Pickering decided not to run for re-election in 2008 after 12 years in the House . At the time , he said he wanted to spend more time with his family . He 's married with five children . Like a tale from William Faulkner , who penned many a book on Mississippi elite with personal flaws , Pickering 's tumble has been staggering . "  Chip Pickering has fallen far faster than the surrender of Vicksburg , " Steffey says , referring to a key turning point in the Civil War , when Confederates gave up the Mississippi River town . The real doozy came July 14 , when Leisha Pickering filed the alienation of affection suit against her husband 's alleged lover , a socialite named Elizabeth Creekmore-Byrd . "  As a direct and proximate result of the negligent , wrongful and reckless misconduct and behavior of Creekmore-Byrd with Pickering , " the suit says , "  plaintiff has suffered damage to the affection and consortium with her husband . " So hush-hush is the case , lawyers on both sides have reached a confidential agreement to not discuss the case publicly . The suit , in effect , has branded the once-proud congressman with a Scarlet "  A. " "  He had certainly fallen from the pinnacle of his professional life and his public life , but it had not yet become a public disgrace , " Steffey says . "  And what this lawsuit did is it turned a fall into a disgrace . " "  There 's a particular cast of tragedy when people are undone , not by accidental misfortune , but by their own character defects . " Watch : Are men programmed to cheat ? Most states have abolished alienation of affection lawsuits . Proponents in the holdout states say the threat of such legal action helps protect the sanctity of marriage . But , Steffey and Rosen say , alienation of affection suits do just the opposite : They result in already contentious divorces getting even more heated , and they leave behind a public trail of personal shortcomings and wild tales of infidelity . "  To allow these suits to go forward , " Steffey says , "  is destructive to family life . " "  It 's much like dropping a nuclear bomb on a family , " Rosen says . "  It really does damage the relationship between spouses . If there are children involved , it 's devastating for them . " It would require legislative action for states to change the law . And anyone who tries that in a conservative state could get painted as a pro-divorce lawmaker who holds cheaters less accountable . "  It 's a very delicate matter legislatively , " Steffey says . And as long as the law remains on the books , Rosen says , he 'll keep busy : "  We have an obligation to pursue our clients ' rights . " There is one way to avoid such suits : Respect marital vows .	Seven states allow for a scorned spouse to sue a paramour The "  alienation of affection " suits stem from days when a wife was considered property Some in legal circles are monitoring the Tiger Woods saga as a result Divorce lawyer : "  You 've got to have a really affluent paramour that makes for a good target "
CNN  -- With a straight face and a shrug , world motorcycling champion Jorge Lorenzo details the danger involved in reaching the sport 's dizzying pinnacle : "  I had my first injury at age seven . " For most of the last 18 years his body has absorbed a litany of crashes -- some at speeds of 150 miles per hour as he contests the elite MotoGP competition which he has now won twice . "  On my wrist , maybe twice , and as for my collar bone -- five , six times . My head , so many . " He catalogs these events as if reeling off a shopping list , pausing briefly to explain that one of them , at a Spanish circuit in 2008 , left him unable to remember anything for "  two or three days . " The riders , whose bikes cost millions of dollars , get so close to the ground when racing that they not only touch the tarmac with their highly-padded knees , but also their elbows . "  Too much pain , too many injuries , " Lorenzo told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  It 's almost 20 years that I have injures , have crashes . It 's normal when you are a rider , it sometimes happens , no ? " Given this gruesome roll call , it is a wonder the Spaniard 's mind is n't submerged by dread as he tears round the track but it is with a softer , more sensuous tone that Lorenzo explains his relationship with the motorbike that so often puts him in harm 's way . "  It 's like dancing , " he said . "  When you dance with a girl , you do n't think . Just hear the music and just move . "  At the beginning when you do n't know how to dance you have to think how to put the feet and how to move your body . "  But when you do it for so many times , then you do n't think . Just flow , no ? That 's the same for the bike on the track when you are a professional rider . " Change of tack Lorenzo ascension to such an ingrained in-race mentality has come from his history of hard knocks , but his past also pivots on a decision to race smarter , not faster . The crash which accounted for his temporary memory loss marked a watershed in his career . It was the fifth consecutive meeting in which he 'd toppled off his bike . It signaled a necessary change of approach that paved the way for him to realize his dream of becoming MotoGP champion in 2010 and 2012 . "  I was an aggressive rider in the past , " he explained . "  Then the first year in MotoGP I still was an aggressive rider . I crashed many times . I injured myself many times . "  In 2008 I had my fifth consecutive crash in Catalunya in 2008 . And I hit my head in one crash twice or three times , bump bump bump bump ... so much . I did n't remember anything for about two or three days . "  So at this time I told myself , ' I have to change . ' Or change my way of riding . I became more calm , more clever , or thinking  about  more things I do on the bike , or I stop riding . "  And now I 'm much more different . I 'm different and normally I do n't crash so much . Last year I crashed maybe twice . " Broken ankles If the frequency of these crashes is hard to compute , the desire for Lorenzo and his peers to race at all costs is even more mind-boggling . After a nasty smash during practice ahead of the China Grand Prix in 2008 -- his self-confessed reckless period -- Lorenzo broke both his ankles . Yet he still took part in the race , securing fourth place . He had to be lifted off his bike once he 'd finished . Lorenzo 's new stealth on the track was evident in the 2010 season as he charged to his first MotoGP title . He won nine grands prix and showcased his new-found maturity by finishing on the podium in 16 out of 18 races . It marked the realization of a dream that was formed at five years old and , alongside his first ever world title in the 250cc division , it is Lorenzo 's proudest achievement in a sport that has dominated his life . Bike-mad upbringing If his epiphany at five sparked a desire to win the world title , his love for bikes came even earlier growing up in Mallorca , part of Spain 's Balearic Islands and also the home of tennis star Rafael Nadal . "  I started to practice at three years old with a bike that my dad started to build , handmade , for me , " he said . "  My first race was at three years old , but I did n't have the license . I was crying because I wanted to race . The boss of the race saw me crying and he said , ` Okay , you can race . But I did n't have the license , so I had to wait two more years to get the license . "  I started at five to race constantly . Trial , motocross , minicross , scooter , pocket bikes . Everything I could do , and my father could offer me . "  And then in 1997 , I started to race around all of Spain in world racing . Then at 14 I signed with Derby , a Spanish brand , for the 125cc world championship . " ` The most important thing ' He revs himself up ahead of races by listening to American rockers Linkin Park  "  because it gives me a lot of power "  but afterwards Lorenzo needs to take the edge off the adrenalin rush . "  I do some meditation , some yoga . I stay relaxed , just breathing and not thinking anything for five minutes . And I finish completely relaxed . " Lorenzo 's rise through the ranks of motorbike racing now sees him sitting on top of the world -- a place he intends to maintain when the 2013 season kicks off in Qatar this April . "  The competitive goal must be trying to fight again for the world championship , " he said . "  But I always try every year to grow as a rider , and especially as a person . "  To improve my weak points , and try to keep the good points I have . But to grow -- grow as a person , and as a rider . It 's the most important thing . "	Jorge Lorenzo is the reigning world motorbike champion in MotoGP Spanish rider says he has been injured from the age of seven until now , at 25 He started riding bikes at three and competed in his first races aged five Lorenzo once took part in a race in China despite having two broken ankles
It 's getting harder to remember life before September 11 , 2001 , but as soon as you walk through the door , the George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum aims to take you back there . Bush was first elected on November 7 , 2000 , and sworn in on January 20 , 2001 , so the months before the 9/11 terrorist attack were but a brief moment in the Bush presidency . Those moments are represented by the first museum exhibits , part of the 43rd president 's library to be dedicated Thursday in Dallas . Bush 43 : ` History will ultimately judge ' All five living U.S. presidents are expected to attend the ceremonies . Displays of the legacy he intended for himself -- the so-called Bush-era tax cuts , his signature "  No Child Left Behind " education reform , his faith-based community initiatives -- quickly give way to the moment that unexpectedly defined his presidency . By the Numbers : Presidential libraries The bright red dress first lady Laura Bush wore to her husband 's first state dinner , just six days before 9/11 , stands in contrast to the next , most talked about artifact in the museum - the twisted hulk of two beams from the World Trade Center . Employees giving the media a tour said it is believed to be the point where the second aircraft hit the South Tower , the first tower to collapse . "  The whole presidency was changed on 9/11 and it could not be otherwise , " Bush 's former chief of staff Josh Bolten told CNN . "  It was a very different presidency from then on . That 's dramatically portrayed in this museum . " 5 presidents on hand for Bush center dedication In most museums , touching the exhibits is not allowed . Here though , visitors are encouraged to reach out and touch the dark steel and tangibly connect to that day that changed America . "  George walked a family through recently and realized that the children who were on the tour with him were n't alive on September 11 , " the former first lady told reporters at the museum on Wednesday . "  They had no direct memory of it like all of us do and it 's important , I think , to remind people of it . " History 's jury is still out on George W. Bush What comes after the wreckage from the World Trade Center is the hallmark of Bush 's time in office : the war on terror . Above the bullhorn Bush used on Sept. 14 , 2001 , to address workers at "  Ground Zero " is the key quote from his remarks at the National Cathedral on the same day : "  This conflict was begun on the timing and terms of others . It will end in a way and at an hour of our choosing . " Flash points of terrorism are pinpointed on a large map of the world . Critics of Bush 's decision to invade Iraq on the basis of weapons of mass destruction that turned out not to exist or his policies on interrogation techniques of terrorist detainees will find no apologies here . But there is some introspection . In the Decision Points Theater , an interactive exhibit based on the president 's book by the same name , visitors can try their hand at making the decisions Bush considered his toughest : invading Iraq , implementing the so-called "  surge " of troops there in 2007 , the federal response to Hurricane Katrina and the unprecedented government intervention during the financial crisis . Brazile : Bush came through on Katrina Just this month Bush said he is "  comfortable " with his legacy on the Iraq war and those close to him shrug off the effect sustained criticism has had on him . But this exhibit aims to challenge visitors with an implicit question : could you have done any better ? Museum-goers can request advice from top aides and military commanders before voting on how they would respond . "  They get pestered by press to make a decision , to give an answer . Then at the end , they get to decide , ` what would you do ? ' After the audience votes , the president comes on and tells what he decided and why he decided , " Bolten explains . "  But it 's all intended to give people a sense of what it 's like to be president , and to give them a sense that a lot of the issues that people have made up their minds on are a lot tougher than they might have imagined . " There 's also a lighter side to the experience . A replica of the Oval Office leaves you feeling like you are in the White House rather than on the Dallas campus of Southern Methodist University , where the museum is located . The Air Force One jackets worn by President and Mrs. Bush aboard the presidential aircraft are prominently featured . Hillary , Jeb in spotlight before Bush library dedication There is a significant amount of square footage dedicated to the presidential pets . Air Force One dog bowls used by Barney and Miss Beazley , the Bush family 's Scottish Terriers , are displayed next to a deflated volleyball that Barney loved to play with on the South Lawn of the White House . For those close to the former president , the dedication of the George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum is a time to reflect on his legacy and also the public perception of a controversial commander-in-chief . Bush 's approval rating has improved since he left the White House but it 's still a markedly low 47 percent , according to the latest ABC/Washington Post poll . A new CNN/ORC poll shows that a growing number of Americans -- 42 % -- say Bush 's presidency was a success , up 11 % since he left office in 2009 , but 55 % say it was a failure . "  Over time when the emotions fade you can take a more objective look and I think that will benefit President Bush , " Bolten told CNN . "  One of the really cool things about -LSB- him -RSB- is he does n't care very much . I mean , he 's not fixated on his own personal popularity . What he cares about is he did the best he could , he applied principle , very strong principle , to some tough problems , and he will be comfortable with history 's judgment . "	The George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum will be dedicated Thursday All five living U.S. presidents are expected to attend the ceremonies Bush 's presidency changed dramatically after 9/11
CNN  -- An Army captain 's wife witnessed her husband 's death while the couple was engaged in one of their regular video chats -- he from his base in Afghanistan and she from the United States , some 7,500 miles away -- the family said . Capt. Bruce Kevin Clark was in Tarin Kowt , about 85 miles  140 kilometers  north of Kandahar , when he died during a Skype session with his wife on Monday . Clarence Davis , a spokesman for the William Beaumont Army Medical Center in El Paso , Texas , where Clark was based , said that it has not been determined how Clark died and that the case is under investigation . He added that he "  misspoke " when he said earlier Friday that "  we believe his death was from natural causes . " Clark 's family said in a statement that they 'd hoped for "  a miracle " after his wife Susan saw what happened to Clark earlier this week , but "  it was not to be . " They did not elaborate as to what took place . "  Although the circumstances were unimaginable , Bruce 's wife and extended family will be forever thankful that he and his wife were together in his last moments , " Clark 's wife and family said Friday . Clark -- known by many as Kevin -- was a chief nurse in the Army who amassed many honors in his military career , according to his family . Those include an Army Commendation Medal , Military Outstanding Volunteer Service , Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and an Army Service Medal . The longtime resident of Spencerport , New York , joined the Army in September 2006 and served , among other places , at the Tripler Army Medical Center in Hawaii , according to a Beaumont Army Medical Center statement . More recently , he was based at that medical facility in southwest Texas and assigned to the Army 's A Company , Troop Command . "  He loved being in the military , " his sister-in-law Mariana Barry told CNN affiliate WHAM in upstate New York . "  He was absolutely willing to make any sacrifice , and it 's just horrible that this is the sacrifice he ended up making . " His commander described Clark , 43 , as "  awesome , " "  professional " and "  a great asset , leader and friend , " the family said . After his death , special operations troops from the United States and Australia lined up to give him his final send-off from Afghanistan . And on Thursday , his casket was wrapped in an American flag as it was transported off a military plane onto the tarmac of Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , according to the U.S. Air Force Mortuary Affairs Operation . While no dates have been given , the family said that Clark 's funeral will be in Spencerport and a memorial service will be held in Addison , Michigan . In addition , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo directed that all flags at state government buildings be flown at half-staff Monday in Clark 's honor , as he 's done with other Empire State troops who have died in combat zones . In addition to his wife , Clark is survived by two daughters . Dozens have posted comments on a Facebook tribute page set up in Clark 's honor , some of them from people who knew him and his family personally and others from strangers wishing to thank him for his service . "  He was an excellent nurse , a fierce patient advocate , and loved to teach students . But what I remember most about him is the great love he had for his wife and beautiful little girls , " one woman wrote . "  I have no doubt that Bruce will be watching them and loving them forever more . " Barry said that her sister Susan is "  being strong " for her daughters and that the entire family is committed to stepping up -- just like Clark did . "  We 're going to try to take care of my sister and my nieces the way that Kevin would have taken care of them , and the way he would have wanted us to take care of them , " Barry said . CNN 's Carma Hassan and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The cause of Clark 's death has n't been determined , an Army spokesman says His wife witnessed the soldier dying while the two were on a video chat , the family says His sister-in-law describes Clark as devoted to his country and his family
The Venezuelan government says it is investigating allegations that unauthorized Brazilian gold miners killed dozens of Yanomami Indians in an attack in the Venezuelan Amazon . The announcement Wednesday followed calls for action this week by a Yanomami organization and other indigenous groups . The Venezuelan government said that two public officials had been asked to carry out the inquiry into the alleged attack from a helicopter . Survival International , a London-based organization that advocates tribal peoples ' rights worldwide , published online what it said was a declaration from a group of organizations representing indigenous peoples and communities in the Amazon about the alleged attack . The indigenous organization 's declaration said that the number of people killed had yet to be fully established , but that of about 80 Yanomami people who lived in the community , only three survivors had been found . The alleged attack on the community of Irotatheri in the Venezuelan municipality of Alto Orinoco , near the Brazilian border , is believed to have taken place in July . Survival said in its own report that information is only just beginning to emerge because of the remote location of the community . The Yanomami , who live in Venezuela and Brazil , are considered the largest indigenous group in the Americas that remains largely untouched by advances in the outside world . Anthropologists have described the tribe in a variety of ways , ranging from fierce warmongers to mystics to introspective intellectuals . In recent years , the tribe has been under increasing pressure as miners illegally entered their land in the search of profits . Miners in Brazil have transmitted diseases such as malaria and flu to the Yanomami , who have little resistance to such diseases , observers say . The site where the attack is alleged to have happened is a five-hour helicopter ride , or 15 days on foot , from Puerto Ayacucho , the main Venezuelan city in the Amazon , the government said . The harm caused to indigenous peoples and the environment by Brazilian gold miners working in the border area is a long-standing issue . The Brazilian police carried out an operation last month targeting miners operating on the Brazilian side of the border . In its report on the situation , Survival cited Yanomami people who had spoken to Indians who said they had seen burned bodies and bones in the area where the attack is alleged to have happened . One of the people it quoted , Luis Shatiwe Yanomami , a leader of the Yanomami organization Horonami , said he had been told that those who survived had been out hunting when the community 's communal house was set on fire . "  For three years we have been denouncing the situation , " Survival quoted him as saying . "  There are lots of gold miners working illegally in the forest . " Both Survival and the indigenous organizations referred to an attack in 1993 on the Yanomami community of Haximu in Brazil in which they said 16 Indians were killed . Several miners were subsequently convicted for their role in the attack , Survival said . The organizations called for a criminal investigation into the alleged attack in July , and for measures to clamp down on the illegal activities in the area . "  This is another appalling tragedy for the Yanomami -- heaping crime upon crime , " said Stephen Corry , director of Survival . "  All Amazonian governments must stop the rampant illegal mining , logging and settlement in indigenous territories . " Venezuela 's state-run refineries afflicted by mismanagement	Venezuela has appointed two public officials to look into the allegations Indigenous groups say only three survivors have been found from a community of about 80 Harm caused by Brazilian gold miners in the Amazon region is a long-standing issue The attack is alleged to have happened in July , but information is only now emerging
