CNN  -- A valuable necklace was stolen from a party at the Cannes Film Festival , the second major jewelry theft at the event this year , police said Thursday . Jeweler de Grisogono said the necklace , which was part of a collection making its debut , was worth 2 million euros  $ 2.6 million  . The company said it was the first theft in the company 's 20-year history . Police in Nice , France , confirmed the heist but said the necklace was only worth 1 million euros  $ 1.3 million U.S.  . Police in Cap d'Antibes , the posh resort town where the party was held , gave a third figure -- $ 1 million  773,000 euros  . The de Grisogono statement said it had hired more than 80 security guards for the event at the Cap Eden Roc hotel in Cap d'Antibes , just east of Cannes . On Friday , police in Nice said that more than $ 1 million in jewels belonging to the Swiss firm Chopard had been stolen from a hotel room in Cannes . Chopard later said in a statement that the value of the stolen pieces was "  far lower than those in the figures circulating in the media . " The theft of the jewels occurred May 16 , on the second day of the festival , which runs through May 26 . Commandant Bernard Mascarelli of the Nice police said the jewelry was stolen from a room in the Suite Novotel hotel on Boulevard Carnot in Cannes . A Chopard employee who was staying in the room left it for several hours to go to dinner , he said . She returned to discover the whole safe containing the jewels had been unscrewed and taken away . No detailed description of the stolen jewels has been given , but a Chopard spokeswoman said they were not part of the firm 's "  Red Carpet Collection 2013 " and were not due to be worn by any actresses in Cannes . There was no immediate indication the two thefts were connected . The annual festival brings together the rich and famous from around the world for movie screenings and glittering parties . Police : Man who fired blanks on Cannes set ` wanted to change world ' CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Bharati Naik , Chelsea J. Carter , Pierre Meilhan and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	A necklace worth seven figures was stolen at a hotel party in resort town near Cannes A safe containing jewels was stolen from a Cannes hotel last week There is no indication thefts are connected , police say
CNN  Rapper Drake pulled a Beyoncé , surprising fans late Thursday with a 17-track album . "  If You 're Reading This It 's Too Late " may have been tipped off earlier in the day when the artist debuted a short film titled "  Jungle , " which ranges from historical footage to scenes of a young Drake singing and rapping . Soon after , he tweeted what appeared to be his album cover . Tracks include collaborations with artists Lil Wayne , Travi $ Scott and PartyNextDoor . A handwritten note on Drake 's OVO site gives shout-outs to the Toronto Raptors , Madonna and Ginuwine , among others . The rapper also took to Instagram to ask whether fans liked his mixtape . Billboard 's Keith Caulfield reports that the album could be the rapper 's fourth No. 1 on the publication 's 200 chart . "  While it 's still a bit early to get a proper projection on what it might sell through the end of the tracking week on Sunday , Feb. 15 , sources have floated figures as high as 400,000 , " Caulfield writes . "  That would be the largest sales week for a rap album since November of 2013 , when Eminem 's ` The Marshall Mathers LP 2 ' bowed at No. 1 with 792,000 sold  according to Nielsen Music  in its first week . " Releasing unexpected music seems to be all the rage since singer Beyoncé dropped a surprise album in 2013 . The self-titled album was a huge hit , selling more than a million copies in less than three weeks .	Drake may have hinted at the release His short film is titled "  Jungle " Billboard says it may be his fourth No. 1 album
Tyrone Woods became a Navy SEAL after his mother suggested he join the military . Friday afternoon , Cheryl Croft Bennett attended a ceremony to honor the life of her son , Ty , and grieve his death alongside three other Americans in Tuesday 's assault on the U.S. Consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi . Woods , who had retired from the Navy , handled security for diplomats and perished with fellow former SEAL Glen Doherty , computer expert Sean Smith and U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens . "  Tyrone 's friends and colleagues called him ` Rone , ' and they relied on his courage and skill , honed over two decades as a Navy SEAL , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . U.S. Embassy in Cairo was warned "  In uniform , he served multiple tours in Iraq and Afghanistan . Since 2010 , he protected American diplomatic personnel in dangerous posts from Central America to the Middle East . He had the hands of a healer as well as the arm of a warrior , earning distinction as a registered nurse and certified paramedic . All our hearts go out to Tyrone 's wife Dorothy and his three sons , Tyrone Jr. , Hunter , and Kai , who was born just a few months ago . " Back at home in California , Woods worked as a registered nurse in his wife 's dental practice in La Jolla , his mother told CNN affiliate KGW TV in Portland , Oregon , but he gained fulfillment in his military role . "  He loved the cutting edge . He loved danger . He loved an adrenaline rush , " Bennett said . "  But he loved the thinking part of it , too . He was very street smart , and he was the guy you would want to have in your corner if you were in a tight situation . " A diplomatic source told CNN that Doherty was in Libya to search for shoulder-fired anti-aircraft missiles -- a mission given high priority after the fall of longtime Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi . Opinion : Arab Spring nations do n't yet grasp freedom of dissent Doherty grew up in Massachusetts with a passion for the outdoors , particularly the mountain West , his family said . Outside the family 's home in Woburn , near Boston , his sister remembered him as "  our American hero . " "  Glen lived his life to the fullest , " Katie Quigley told reporters . "  He was my brother , but if you ask his friends , he was their brother as well . " The 42-year-old graduated from high school in 1988 in neighboring Winchester , where flags were displayed at half-staff on Thursday . He played on the varsity tennis and wrestling teams , school officials said in an announcement marking his death . His junior-year English teacher , Judy Hession , recalled him as "  bursting with life . " "  Every day his huge smile and his happy-go-lucky optimism filled my classroom , " Hession said in a statement released by the school district . "  He got along with all types of people , was a class leader and , from the perspective of 30 years of teaching , one of my most memorable students . " After college in Arizona and stints as a "  ski bum " and raft guide in Utah , Doherty joined the Navy and became a member of the elite Navy SEAL commandos in 1995 , his family said in a statement . "  He told me he wanted to be a SEAL and I tried to use reverse psychology with him and say , ` Well , you wo n't make it . You ca n't make it . You do n't pay attention to me -- never mind a superior officer , ' " his father , Ben , told CNN affiliate WCVB in Boston . "  He showed me . " Doherty had planned to leave the service after knee surgery in 2001 , but after the al Qaeda attacks on New York and Washington , he "  was not allowed to leave and did n't want to , " his family said . Doherty served two tours of duty in Iraq , starting with the U.S. invasion in 2003 , before leaving the military in 2005 . He then became a private security contractor , working in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Yemen -- a job that took a toll on his home life and contributed to a divorce , his family said . He also joined the advisory board of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation , a group that has battled religious intolerance in the U.S. armed forces . Its president , former Air Force officer Michael "  Mikey " Weinstein , said he was "  in a state of shock " after learning of Doherty 's death . "  He was one of our most active advisory board members , " Weinstein said . "  I was surprised he was willing to come on and lend the gravitas that comes with being a Navy SEAL to our cause . " Doherty 's involvement "  made it easier for others to come to us , " Weinstein added . Arrests made in attack on U.S. Consulate in Libya He said Doherty believed the kind of violent jihadists American troops faced were "  a very small percentage of the overall mosaic of the Muslim faith , " and saw anti-Muslim sentiment in the United States and in the ranks as something that hurt U.S. national security . "  He went back to the Middle East because he cared deeply about the Muslim people , and because he cared about bringing freedom and democracy and human rights to the Middle East , " Weinstein said . Doherty "  was a kind and caring person , and I 'm sure that he gave every last bit of his courage and strength " to defend the consulate and Stevens , he added . "  All this is going to do is light a further fire under us in Glen 's name and memory to continue to fight for religious freedom and respect and tolerance . " He also co-authored a 2010 book , "  The 21st-Century Sniper : A Complete Practical Guide , " with former comrade Brandon Webb . In a statement accompanying the family 's , Webb said , "  Do n't feel sorry for him , he would n't have it . " "  He died serving with men he respected , protecting the freedoms we enjoy as Americans and doing something he loved , " Webb said . In her statement , Clinton said Doherty , a paramedic , was referred to as "  Bub " by his friends and family . "  In the end , he died the way he lived -- with selfless honor and unstinting valor , " she said . Smith 's death was among the first reported in the Benghazi fracas . Clinton eulogized him Wednesday as a 10-year veteran of the Foreign Service , an information management officer who had served in Iraq , South Africa , Canada and the Netherlands . Smith was better known by his online alter ego , which was legendary in the gaming world . Six things to know about the Benghazi attack In real life , he was an Air Force veteran with a wife , a son and a daughter . But in the virtual universe of the computer game EVE Online , Smith was "  Vile Rat " -- one of the leaders of a gamers ' alliance renowned for his diplomatic skill in the multi-player space warfare simulation . "  If you play this stupid game , you may not realize it , but you play in a galaxy created in large part by Vile Rat 's talent as a diplomat . No one focused as relentlessly on using diplomacy as a strategic tool as VR , " Smith 's friend Alex Gianturco wrote in a tribute posted on his website . Gianturco wrote that Smith had been under fire before , while posted to Baghdad . When that occurred , he usually broke off his messaging . "  We 'd freak out and he 'd come back OK after a bit , " Gianturco wrote . But Tuesday night , after reporting "  GUNFIRE , " Smith "  disconnected and never returned , " he added . A few hours earlier , Smith had posted , "  assuming we do n't die tonight . We saw one of our ` police ' that guard the compound taking pictures , " he recounted . The death of Stevens also left many across the United States and in foreign posts around the world reeling . The U.S. ambassador died in the very city where he had arrived aboard a cargo ship in the spring of 2011 to help build ties between the upstart rebellion and the rebels . Stevens graduated from the University of California , Berkeley , in 1982 , then took a pause in his studies to join the Peace Corps . He later worked as an international trade lawyer in Washington before joining the Foreign Service , the career diplomatic corps , in 1991 . "  When he went to Libya , he had no illusions about where he was going , " said longtime friend Daniel Seidemann . "  He has probably done more than anybody on the planet to help the Libyan people . " On Friday , in a ceremony marking the return of the four victims to the United States , President Barack Obama said that amid all of the horrific images coming out of Benghazi this week , "  I also think of the Libyans who took to the streets with homemade signs expressing their gratitude to an American who believed in what we could achieve together . "  I think of the man in Benghazi with his sign in English , a message he wanted all of us to hear . It said , ` Chris Stevens was a friend to all Libyans . ' Chris Stevens was a friend . " Analysis : In Libya , militias ` running the show ' Mystery shrouds anti-Islam film Blog : Arrest , violence updates	Security officer 's dad remembers dedication President Barack Obama : "  Chris Stevens was a friend " Computer expert Sean Smith was renowned in the gamers ' universe They died in Benghazi with Chris Stevens , the U.S. ambassador to Libya
CNN  -- President Obama 's address to Congress was full of lofty promises to make unprecedented investments in government programs , even as he aims to cut the deficit in half by the end of his first term . President Obama on Tuesday outlined an ambitious agenda to help revive the economy . But it takes more than a proposal to bring about real change . Will Obama be able to meet his goals ? CNN political analyst David Gergen says the answer will be "  one of the greatest political dramas of our time . " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs says the budget Obama sends to Capitol Hill Thursday will help show how the president plans to tackle his ambitious agenda . Here 's a look at some of Obama 's goals , and what experts are saying about them . Economy Promise : "  To ensure that a crisis of this magnitude never happens again , I ask Congress to move quickly on legislation that will finally reform our outdated regulatory system . " Promise : "  I held a fiscal summit where I pledged to cut the deficit in half by the end of my first term in office . " Promise : "  My administration has also begun to go line by line through the federal budget in order to eliminate wasteful and ineffective programs . As you can imagine , this is a process that will take some time , but we have already identified $ 2 trillion in savings over the next decade . " Analysis : Democratic strategist Lisa Caputo said so far , Obama is taking the right steps to revive the economy , but the country needs to see his plans put into action . He 's already passed a massive stimulus bill , and he has a housing bill and a banking regulatory reform bill in the works . "  He 's doing all the right things . Hopefully he 'll come forth with a balanced budget . ... He 's saying all of the right things . He 's got to do them , " she said . Republican strategist and CNN contributor Ed Rollins pointed out that what Obama did was put forth proposals , not an action plan . "  This was a speech about aspirations . There was not a strategy or the details . They may come later , but it 's an overly ambitious program , and if he can accomplish just the financial part of it , he 'll move the country forward , " he said . The success of Obama 's budget goals will fall heavily on Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi , Rollins said . "  Can she control her members ? The last two years the Congress has controlled the spending , it 's been a Democrat Congress . It 's still a Democrat Congress and will be for the foreseeable future . There 's a lot of pet projects these people want , there 's a lot of entitlements that people are n't willing to cut , " he said . Larry Winget , a personal finance expert , said he agrees with everything that Obama said needs to be done , but said he does n't agree that the country can borrow or spend its way out of debt . "  If you came to me and said , ` I 'm in a financial crisis , I 've screwed up everything based on all of my bad decisions , what should I do ? ' the last thing in the world I would tell you is to go borrow more money or go try to spend something that -- money you do n't have on something you do n't need , " he said . Winget said instead , the country should work its way out of debt . "  The practical thing would be to put more money in the hands of people , which would always go back to , we need to give bigger ... tax cuts , " he said . Education Promise : "  By 2020 , America will once again have the highest proportion of college graduates in the world . That is a goal we can meet . " Promise : "  It will be the goal of this administration to ensure that every child has access to a complete and competitive education , from the day they are born to the day they begin a career . That is a promise we have to make to the children of America . " Analysis : Rollins pointed out that this is the first time the federal government is taking a such a major role in education . "  We have $ 59 billion in this year 's education budget . We added another $ 100 billion to build schools and do those things . That 's never been the role of the federal government . So it 's a whole new way to go , and obviously if it works , it may benefit the country , " he said . CNN Senior Political Correspondent Candy Crowley said Obama 's proposals are just the start of a new direction . "  It is the beginning of shaping the country differently when it comes to a lot of these programs . And the different shape , again , is a more liberal shape of the country , than really the conservative country it has been since Ronald Reagan , " she said . Energy Promise : "  We will invest $ 15 billion a year to develop technologies like wind power and solar power , advanced biofuels , clean coal , and more efficient cars and trucks built right here in America . " Promise : "  Thanks to our recovery plan , we will double this nation 's supply of renewable energy in the next three years . " Watch Obama say , ` It begins with energy ' " Analysis : Lakshman Achuthan , managing director of the Economic Cycle Research Institute , said Obama laid out a "  tall order " of what needs to be done , and tried to show how everything is connected . "  So he showed , here 's the short term , which is stimulus , banking , housing . Here 's the longer term : If we want to own the century , we have to deal with energy , education , health , for example , and connecting those things , " he said . "  And one of the critical things is that it 's not clear -- you know , the stimulus is great , we passed it , but it does n't work unless the banks lend . The banks wo n't lend unless the housing sector stabilizes . So , it 's -- this is much tougher than chewing gum and walking at the same time , " he said . Health care Promise : " -LSB- The recovery plan -RSB- makes the largest investment ever in preventive care , because that 's one of the best ways to keep our people healthy and our costs under control . " Promise : "  To preserve our long-term fiscal health , we must also address the growing cost in Medicare and Social Security . Comprehensive health care reform is the best way to strengthen Medicare for years to come , and we must also begin a conversation on how to do the same for Social Security , while creating tax-free universal savings accounts for all Americans . " Watch Obama explain his plans for health care reform " Analysis : Larry Elder , a libertarian commentator , thought that Obama gave a "  great political speech " but Elder questioned the president 's economics . "  I just wish he was a limited-government , personal-responsibility , hard-core-fiscal-responsibility Republican , which , of course , he is n't . Look , he 's got a faith in government that I do n't share , " he said . "  Whenever I hear somebody talk about investing in health care , investing in education , investing in energy , I put my hand on my wallet and I say , ` These guys are not good stewards of your money the way you are of your own money . ' " Pamela Gentry , a senior political analyst with BET , said Obama 's big promises will keep people watching because they play to the drama of this presidency . Health care , she said , will be the issue to watch . "  Health care has got to be one of the toughest ones . I mean , Medicare is the second largest budget after defense . So , if he can pull this off , it would be remarkable , " she said . Gibbs said Wednesday that the president is well aware of the difficulty of reforming health care . "  But he understands the only way to do that is bring together the stakeholders on both sides of the aisle , business and labor , doctors , providers . That process will begin next week here to discuss health care reform , " he said . But , Gibbs said , the president does n't plan on setting any "  artificial deadlines " to pass health care reform . Military Promise : "  To relieve the strain on our forces , my budget increases the number of our soldiers and Marines . And to keep our sacred trust with those who serve , we will raise their pay and give our veterans the expanded health care and benefits that they have earned . " Analysis : Patricia Murphy , editor of Citizen Jane Politics , said she thought Obama 's speech was strong , but she did n't follow Obama 's math . Watch : How to cut defense spending " "  The problem in this speech , I think , is his promise to cut the deficit in half and layering on program after program after program , saying we 'll pull the troops out of Iraq , but we 'll increase the size of the military . Those numbers do n't add up , " she said . CNN contributor Roland Martin on Tuesday compared Obama to rapper Kanye West . Martin : Obama 's ambitious agenda is a good thing All of the president 's promises -- fixing health care , fixing the economy , halving the deficit , boosting funds to troops , curing cancer , achieving energy independence and solving Pakistan 's problems , to name a few -- are just the markers in terms of his presidency , Martin said . "  Sort of when like Kanye West had his new album , and he said , ' I want to make it as bad as Stevie Wonder 's -LSB- Songs in the Key of Life -RSB- . ' ... He said , ` If it does n't get to that , it 's still a great album . ' " -LSB- Obama -RSB- is a guy who is saying , a president who 's saying , ` Look , I want to raise the stakes . ' And , so , is n't it amazing that we 're sitting here , saying , ` Wow , an ambitious president ' ? Well , should n't we have an ambitious president ? Should n't we have a president saying , ` We can do more ' ? "	President Obama promises to halve deficit by 2013 Experts support Obama 's proposals , but want details on the action plan Obama sets high goals for economy , energy , education , health care CNN contributor Roland Martin likens Obama to Kanye West
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Paris Hilton left Japan late Wednesday afternoon after initially being refused entry because of a drug conviction , immigration officials said . The American socialite was heading back to the United States "  after a lengthy delay at Japanese immigration , " her spokesman said Wednesday . "  Paris is very disappointed and fought hard to keep her business commitments and see her fans , but she is forced to postpone her commitments in Asia , " the spokesman said . She arrived in Japan on Tuesday and had been allowed to spend the night , to see whether immigration officials would reconsider their initial refusal to allow her entry . Hilton left about 4 p.m. Wednesday , before they reached a final verdict , said an immigration official at Narita Airport . Hilton pleaded guilty to a drug charge earlier in the week in Las Vegas , Nevada . Japan generally denies entry to foreigners who are on probation . Hilton had traveled to Japan because of "  business obligations planned many months earlier , " her spokesman said . "  Paris understands and respects the rules and laws of the immigration authorities in Japan and fully wishes to cooperate with them , " the spokesman said . "  Paris looks forward to returning in the future to a country she loves and has been coming to for the past 10 years . " On Monday , Hilton entered guilty pleas to misdemeanor charges of drug possession and obstruction of an officer , but a felony cocaine possession charge was dropped . She was sentenced to a year of probation , a $ 2,000 fine and 200 hours of community service . She was arrested on the Las Vegas Strip last month after she and her boyfriend were stopped by a motorcycle officer who smelled marijuana coming from their vehicle . Hilton admitted in court Tuesday that a small amount of cocaine found in her pocketbook was hers . CNN 's Junko Ogura and Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	NEW : Hilton is "  very disappointed " and fought to stay in Japan The socialite is headed back to the U.S. She pleaded guilty to a drug charge earlier in the week in Las Vegas Hilton was traveling on business , a spokesman said
Washington  CNN  -- While reaching out to supporters through one of the latest high-tech means , President Obama expanded his social media experience by holding a Google + video chat room interview Monday afternoon . In an election year , it 's probably not good politics to talk about what you look forward to doing after your time in the White House , but that 's exactly what President Obama did when asked about the frustrations of living in the security bubble . "  It 's the toughest thing about being president . Look , this is the greatest job on Earth , and it 's such an honor to serve , but it is true sometimes , you get a little stir crazy , " he said "  One of the things I look forward to after I 've had this extraordinary honor is just taking a walk or waking up on Saturday morning , not shaving and going to the local Starbucks and not having to worry about it . " The president was also asked to sing and dance ,  which he refused  to say hello to one of the questioners ' young children , and from an Obama impersonator a question about the impact of comedy sketches on the election . "  I do n't know if any of this stuff affects an election , but I know that it makes our country stronger that you can make fun of the president -- or anybody -- and everybody can get a laugh , " President Obama said . "  And that also makes sure to remind me that I work for you guys . " Most of the forum , which came in the form of live video connections and video YouTube questions , focused on the economy . "  We 're starting to see some signs that the economy is picking up . We 've created 3 million jobs over 22 months , and we saw the largest boost in manufacturing jobs that we 've seen since the '90s . Best job growth we 've seen since 2005 . But we 've still got a lot more to do , " President Obama said . "  I have to keep this recovery going , that 's why it 's so important for us to extend the payroll tax cut . " The live video chat room included five Americans in cities across the country . Participants were able to follow up with the president after his answers in real time . Jennifer Wedel in Corpus Christi , Texas , asked the president why the government continues to extend visas for immigrant workers when there are many people , like her husband , who have been out of work . President Obama offered to look at her husband 's resume to help him find an engineering job . "  Forward me his resume , " he told her . "  The word we 're getting is someone in that high-tech field should be able to find something right away . I want to follow up on that . " The questions were chosen by Google team members from among the most top-rated of those submitted . Google maintains the White House had no role in the selection of the participants . Obama also held a similar Facebook town hall at the Web giant 's headquarters in Palo Alto , California , in the spring , and a YouTube town hall at the White House in February .	President holds online town hall meeting via Google + Obama answers variety of questions , including what he 'll do when out of office Most of the forum focuses on the economy
Mental Floss  -- Over the centuries , people have had some very good reasons to dress up like a member of the opposite sex . After record-setting Olympics athlete Stella Walsh died in 1980 , it was revealed that she had indeed been a man . And I 'm not talking about people who live this way out of personal preference , or those who dress up for theater and entertainment . Here are just five examples . 1 . Cross-dressing to join the army Until recently , women have rarely been allowed to serve as soldiers . So what was a gal to do if she wanted to serve her country ? Naturally , disguise herself as a man and join the troops . At least 400 Civil War soldiers were women in drag . These included Union Army soldier "  Frank Thompson "  also known as Sarah Edmonds  , whose small frame and feminine mannerisms  rather than causing suspicion  made her an ideal spy , as she could spy on the Confederates disguised as ... a woman ! She was n't the first woman to don a male disguise and join the army , though . During the Revolutionary War , women fought as men on both sides . Hannah Snell , for example , joined the British army to find her husband , who had walked out on her to enlist . Once her true sex was discovered  thanks to a pesky groin injury  , she became a national celebrity in Britain , and made a post-war career of performing in bars as the "  Female Warrior . " Mental Floss : The Confederacy 's plan to conquer Latin America 2 . Cross-dressing to keep a royal family together With all the power play that went on in the court , the French royal family would go to great lengths to avoid sibling rivalry . In one of the more extreme cases , Philippe I , Duke of Orleans  1640-1701  , was raised as a girl to discourage him from any political or military aspirations . This would make things easier for his brother , the future King Louis XIV . Philippe wore dresses and make-up , enjoyed traditionally feminine pursuits , and was even encouraged towards homosexuality . A girly man he might have been , but he married twice and even had a mistress . When necessary , he could even lead an army into battle .  This is the nation , after all , that gave us that famous cross-dresser Joan of Arc . A brave commander , he would go into battle wearing high heels , plenty of jewelry and a long , perfumed wig . One of his wives claimed that Philippe 's biggest fear when going into battle was not bullets , but the possibility of looking a mess . He avoided gunpowder  with the black smoke stains  and did n't wear a hat , to avoid ruining his hair . Mental Floss : 11 weird & wonderful wedding rings 3 . Cross-dressing to win Olympic glory Dressing in drag has been part of the Olympics  on and off  since ancient times , when women were banned from the bulk of the Games . The Greek historian Pausanias of Damascus said that if a spectator was uncovered as a woman in male disguise , she was duly escorted off the premises ... and thrown off a cliff . In later Games , the athletes started performing naked , and the crowd was also ordered to disrobe . It has been suggested that this was to ensure that they were all men . In the modern Olympics , there has been less disrobing -- and not much cross-dressing , either . Gender tests have been normal procedure since 1966  for athletes , not spectators  , so they could n't really get away with it . Before that time , one of the strangest -- and most controversial -- cases was Polish sprinter Stanislawa Walasiewicz  aka Stella Walsh  , who set 11 world records in her career , winning the 100-meter Olympic finals in 1932 with what one official described as "  long man-like strides . " After she died in 1980 , however , it was revealed that she had indeed been a man . So had he deliberately set out to fool everyone all that time ? Perhaps not . Walasiewicz had a condition known as "  mosaicism , " which gave her male chromosomes . Did they give her an unfair advantage ? It is difficult to say . However , if she tried out for the Olympics today , she would not be allowed to compete as a woman . Mental Floss : 13 medal-worthy Olympic stories 4 . Cross-dressing to commit espionage There have been many instances of cross-dressing spies  including Sarah Edmonds , mentioned above  , but one of the most impressive deceptions in history was carried out by Shi Pei-Pu , a singer with the Beijing Opera  in which , traditionally , all roles are played by men  . In 1964 he disguised himself as a woman to seduce Bernard Boursicot , an attache in the French Foreign Service . Their affair lasted 20 years  on and off  , during which Boursicot passed several official documents to Shi , believing that "  her " safety was at risk if he did n't participate . After they were separated in 1965 , Shi came back into Boursicot 's life by claiming to be pregnant , and even revealed a baby boy . They later lived as a family . The happy couple was eventually arrested for espionage in 1983 , and Shi 's secret was revealed , Crying Game style , to the stunned Boursicot . But how did they have this romance for so long without Bousicot knowing the truth ? Officially , they rarely made love , and always did it hurriedly and in darkness -- something that Boursicot always ascribed to Shi 's demure Chinese upbringing . One theory , however , is that he always knew the truth , but played dumb to conceal his homosexuality .  He later came out . The affair was the basis for the play "  M. Butterfly . " It was filmed in 1993 , starring Jeremy Irons and former Beijing Opera player John Lone  better known for the title role in the film "  The Last Emperor "  . 5 . Cross-dressing to get rowdy Hindu women in India have traditionally lived inhibited lives , tending the home for their families . But on one night each year , in the city of Jodhpur , they come to life at the so-called "  Festival of Fun . " Dressed as noblemen , complete with turbans and large fake mustaches , they walk the streets in gangs , brandishing sticks , beating any males who are foolish enough to be out there . The festival celebrates an ancient domestic dispute between the Hindu god Shiva and his wife Ganwar . While the women sing devotional songs asking the goddess to return to her husband , they also take this as their only opportunity to do what they long to do all year : behave like men . Their husbands , respecting the tradition , let them go wild . It sounds like fun  as long as you 're not a clueless male who forgot to stay at home that night  , but one thing concerns me : if a woman 's disguise is especially good , does she risk being mistaken for a man and beaten up by her friends ? For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Cross-dressers have : Spied , joined armies , won Olympic medals , been royalty At least 400 U.S. Civil War soldiers were women in drag Spy disguised himself as woman to seduce attache in French Foreign Service Hindu women in Jodhpur , India , "  go wild , " dressing as men once each year
CNN  -- Kim Jong Un , successor to his father 's dictatorship over North Korea , will have to find ways to balance political factions and generate revenue -- or he may not remain in power for long , analysts said Tuesday . Shrouded in mystery and believed to be only in his late 20s , Kim marks the third generation in his family to officially reign over the so-called Hermit Kingdom . "  It 's unprecedented in modern times , " said John Park , an expert on the region with the Harvard Kennedy School 's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs . A popular expression , Park said , summarizes one central reason that third-generation dynasties do n't occur . "  The first generation makes the wealth ; the second generation manages the wealth ; the third generation squanders the wealth , " he said . Kim Jong Il inherited power from his father , a military leader who built a new North Korean economy . Kim Jong Il maintained a fierce grip , partly through building his country 's nuclear arsenal . It is unknown whether Kim Jong Un has the skills , knowledge or training to lead his country through the next era . North Korea does not function as a "  normal nation state " through imports , exports and taxes , Park said . "  Kim Jong Il ran a system that was based on competition among senior officials " who controlled economic institutions such as trading companies . "  The way to view Kim Jong Un is almost as a CEO of North Korea Inc. , " Park said . "  He either makes money on a recurring basis or he 's out . The fact that he 's the youngest son wo n't matter if he ca n't produce the cash . " Christian Caryl , an editor of foreignpolicy.com , said the younger Kim 's lack of experience does not bode well . "  I personally put the odds fairly low " that he will succeed in power , he said . North Koreans "  know much more about the world than they did " when Kim Jong Il came to power , said Caryl , who last visited a few years ago . "  They 've watched DVDs of South Korean soap operas . People know about China -- and China is light years ahead of North Korea . " "  You can no longer expect people to believe in the Kim name the way they used to , " he said . The government still deprives its citizens of basic rights and freedoms , and there is little risk of any popular protest against a leader , Park said . If something were to end Kim Jong Un 's time in power , it would be battling forces within the North Korean power structure . "  There are different factions and interest groups , " Caryl said . "  I would n't say organized power blocs , but groups that have big business interests now because they 've also been trading with China . " "  These things begin to get complicated very quickly " for a new leader at the helm , Caryl said . Jayshree Bajoria of the Council on Foreign Relations writes that "  even with a successor , North Korean observers have for some time feared a behind-the-scenes power struggle or nuclear instability after Kim Jong-Il 's death . " Still , "  some experts doubt that Kim 's death will lead to chaos , " Bajoria writes , noting that the country has shown resilience in the past . In the region , analysts and government leaders are looking at early indications in an effort to read the tea leaves . "  Over the span of some 50 hours , North Korea was very effectively able to conceal the death of Kim Jong Il , successfully make the announcement of his death . Seeing that it has gone smoothly so far without any bumps , we can relatively carefully speculate that the leadership is relatively well-grounded , " South Korean intelligence committee chairman Kwon Young-se said Tuesday in an interview with CNN . "  But at the same time , Kim Jong Un is still very young and has only gone through a short period of time for grooming as an heir . Also , Kim Jong Il died all of a sudden without having been able to fully accelerate the process of the succession . Depending on the balance between the new people that support Kim Jong Un and the older generation that upheld Kim Jong Il , things may not necessarily go smoothly within the leadership , " he said .	A third-generation dynasty has not happened in modern times , analysts say Kim Jong Un can be viewed "  almost as a CEO of North Korea Inc. , " an analyst says Different factions and interest groups could end the younger Kim 's reign , an analyst says S. Korean official : A "  relatively well-grounded " government seems to be in place
CNN  -- Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on Saturday visited Malala Yousufzai -- a 15-year-old schoolgirl and girls ' education advocate who was targeted by Taliban militants in Pakistan 's restive Swat Valley . Yousufzai is currently being treated in the United Kingdom at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham , after she was shot in the head by gunmen in October in retaliation for her advocacy . Zardari went "  to see for himself the health condition ... and also to pay tributes to her for her courage and steadfastness , " his office said in a written statement . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the shooting , though may not have anticipated the level of condemnation the attack would provoke as outcry spread across Pakistan 's political spectrum . Malala initially gained international attention in 2009 , as the Taliban gained a foothold in her home region of Swat , a Taliban redoubt in northwest Pakistan near neighboring Afghanistan . On her blog , the schoolmaster 's daughter wrote about her life in the region , a center of militant activity where girls ' schools were shuttered and strict Islamist rules imposed . In her writings , which earned her Pakistan 's first National Peace Prize , Malala encouraged young people to resist the Taliban , and was later featured in two documentaries .	Malala Yousufzai is being treated in the United Kingdom at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari went "  to see for himself the health condition of Ms. Malala " The Taliban claimed responsibility for the shooting
CNN  -- From the top of a 14-meter mast , Delphine Lechifflart expertly rolls down a length of white ribbon , her taut body pirouetting mid-air , before easing into the arms of her lover . The two French acrobats continue to twirl and swoop , their flying silhouettes growing darker as the sun lowers in the sky behind them . It 's a sumptuous image that hushes the crowd who stand gathered , not under a circus big top , but on the banks of a jetty . This , of course is no ordinary acrobatic show , but one performed entirely on a lurching 12-meter yacht in harbors across the world . "  They use the whole boat like it 's one big gymnastics apparatus , " said Dwight Jones , manager at Seattle 's Elliott Bay Marina , which recently hosted the enchanting La Loupiote show . "  You could n't ask for a more dramatic stage -- people can watch from the shore or take their own dinghy and see it from the water . " A family affair For acrobat couple Lechifflart , 42 , and Franck Rabilier , 44 , their distinctive yellow yacht is not simply a stage -- it 's also the floating home they share with two daughters ; Loeva , 13 , and Ondja , five . "  The eldest has done some shows with us , playing a puppet , but the youngest is still too small , " said Rabilier . "  We 're home-schooling them and at the beginning of each year they go back to France to do their exams . " Since setting sail from Brittany in north west France in 2004 , the free-spirited family has traveled from port to port across the globe , performing their remarkable show and surviving on donations alone . "  They just pass a hat around at the end , " Jones explained . "  People ca n't believe they 're seeing this fantastic performance for free -- it really generates a sense of generosity . " Show time From rolling down the top of the mast , to balancing on the boom , and tiptoeing along the railing , the agile acrobats leap across every inch of the boat in two very different 20-minute routines . The first is a slapstick Laurel and Hardy-style comedy , featuring two bumbling sailors racing around the yacht to a lolloping piano soundtrack . As the sun sets , the couple perform their second , more romantic show , in which two lovers tenderly cavort mid-air to rousing classical music . "  In the romantic show , there 's an orange-pinkish light behind them while they 're doing this beautiful ballet in the rigging , " Jones said . "  They perform the whole thing without a safety net . It 's like nothing you 've ever seen before -- people were coming back day-after-day to see them . " Setting sail The daring duo began taking circus lessons while university students in Paris , and in 1999 set up their own acrobatic company called La Loupiote -- meaning "  small light " in old French . They performed in theaters and on the streets , but had dreams of taking the show on the road -- or more accurately , the high seas . "  We both sailed with our parents when we were young , " Lechifflart explained . "  That was our dream -- to travel the world by boat . " In 2000 they bought a half-built yacht and spent the next four years getting it into seaworthy shape . Once on the water , the pair spent a year experimenting and refining their unique aquatic-based act . "  The first time we tried it , I had a lot of bruises , " Lechifflart said . "  It 's so much more complicated than working on land . " "  You have to work with the weather , the wind , the waves -- the boat is constantly moving . " Circusnavigation The family 's nomadic lifestyle has taken them across Europe , America , and now New Zealand , where they 'll be performing over the next month . And after that , who knows ? The carefree couple tend to sail the high-seas in whichever direction they wish , surviving on around $ 800 a month . "  They 're not living high on the hog , as they say , but they 're loving what they 're doing , " Jones said . "  Their perspective on life is different from people working nine to five -- they do n't know where they 're going the next day and you 've got to respect that . " And so , like the circus wagons of old , the family of acrobats will point their "  small light " towards the horizon in search of the next high-flying adventure .	French acrobat family travel the world , perform on 12-meter yacht Dramatic show on water , described as "  ballet in the rigging " Family survive on donations , sailing the globe on $ 800 a month Yacht is called La Loupiote , meaning "  small light " in old French .
CNN  -- A labor union representing nearly 20,000 border patrol agents and staff Friday disputed comments made by Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer that most illegal immigrants coming across the southern border are smuggling drugs . Brewer initially made the comments earlier this month during a debate of Republican gubernatorial candidates . She repeated them Friday when asked by a reporter for the basis of the claim . "  Well , we all know that the majority of the people that are coming to Arizona and trespassing are now becoming drug mules , " Brewer said . "  They 're coming across our borders in huge numbers . The drug cartels have taken control of the immigration . "  So they are criminals . They 're breaking the law when they are trespassing and they 're criminals when they pack the marijuana and the drugs on their backs . " When pressed , Brewer explained that many are simply coming to the United States to look for work but "  are accosted , and they become subjects of the drug cartels . " T.J. Bonner of the National Border Patrol Council told CNN that Brewer 's claims were "  clearly not the case . " Bonner said that some undocumented immigrants caught by border patrol agents have drugs on them , and that they sometimes blame pressure from the drug cartels . But , he said , those claims have little credibility because drug smugglers are typically transporting much larger quantities of drugs . And besides , he said , if what Brewer said were true , there would be many more prosecutions for drug smuggling . Brewer 's comments , Bonner said , do n't "  comport with reality -- that 's the nicest way to put it . " Brewer doubled down on the comments later Friday , however , issuing a statement reiterating them . "  The simple truth is that the majority of human smuggling in our state is under the direction of the drug cartels , which are by definition smuggling drugs , " Brewer 's statement said , according to the Associated Press as reported in the Arizona Republic . "  It is common knowledge that Mexican drug cartels have merged human smuggling with drug trafficking . " Brewer said the "  human rights violations that have taken place  by the cartels  victimizing immigrants and their families are abhorrent . " Brewer 's statement is the center of a controversy over a recently passed law that requires law enforcement officials to ascertain the citizenship of the subject of any investigation if they have reason to believe their suspect is in this country illegally . The U.S. Department of Justice is considering whether to file suit against the law .	Border patrol agents ' union rejects governor 's comments Brewer : Immigrants are "  accosted " by cartels Union man : Brewer 's comments do n't "  comport with reality "
CNN  -- Moammar Gadhafi 's Bab al-Aziziya compound is the heart of his nearly 42-year rule , a symbol of his defiance of the West . The sprawling complex houses modern government offices , the Bedouin tent in which Gadhafi received visitors and stands of palm trees . A bombed-out building remains as a monument to a 1986 U.S. airstrike that killed one of Gadhafi 's daughters , along with a statue of a Libyan fist crushing an American jet . And Tuesday evening , after rebel fighters who have battled Gadhafi 's forces for six months punched into the compound , it was wreathed in smoke . Rebels posed around the statue and fired hundreds if not thousands of rounds of ammunition into the air in celebration , spurring the occasional rebuke from senior fighters . The rebels picked through the compound in search of Libya 's longtime strongman , but one fighter told CNN that neither Gadhafi nor any members of his family had been found . Bab al-Aziziya appeared to have been abandoned so quickly that a teakettle remained heating on a stove in one building , he said . "  They ran away , all of them , " he said . "  They have gone underground . " Bab al-Aziziya , located near Tripoli 's Mediterranean shore , is believed to be undergirded by a network of tunnels . Abubaker Saad , a former Gadhafi aide , told CNN that at least one of the older buildings on the site was built atop a bunker four stories underground . But he said it was unlikely that Gadhafi had been in the complex before it was overrun Tuesday , since it had been targeted by repeated NATO airstrikes during the last few months of fighting . "  You have to remember that he is a military man , " Saad said . "  He knows they have weapons that could penetrate those bunkers . " In addition , he said , the poor quality of the audio messages Gadhafi delivered on state television Sunday suggests Gadhafi "  is speaking from a distance . " CNN National Security Contributor Frances Townsend had what she called an "  absolutely bizarre experience " meeting there with the eccentric Libyan leader in the summer of 2007 , when she served as President George W. Bush 's chief counterterrorism advisor . Townsend said she was required to ride to the compound in a car sent by Gadhafi , and the Libyans tried to separate her from her U.S. security detail , but one agent was able to jump into the car before it departed . Once through a series of checkpoints , Townsend said , the driver stopped in front of the bombed-out museum -- an echo of a U.S. raid in retaliation for the bombing of a Berlin disco that killed two American servicemen . She then waited in one of the many spacious rooms decorated in traditional Arab fashion , with couches lining the perimeter , for her audience with Gadhafi . The Libyan ruler 's tent was surrounded by a field of knee-high grass , as well as both uniformed and plainclothes guards . Inside , it was filled with numerous rugs and couches . Other visitors say the compound includes a mosque , a library and the residences of other government officials . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Thomas Evans and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	The Bab al-Aziziya compound includes Gadhafi 's home and government offices Also inside are a building hit in a 1986 U.S. airstrike and Gadhafi 's Bedouin tent Rebel fighters overran the site on Tuesday after six months of fighting
Constanta , Romania  CNN  -- There was once a time when Romania 's president Traian Basescu made a living steering huge oil tankers through the bustling waters of Constanta harbor on the country 's eastern coast . Now the ship captain-turned-statesman aims to navigate the Black Sea port towards a new age of prosperity -- as a strategic trading hub between East and Western Europe . "  Until December 1989 , the Constanta harbor was mainly used to export the goods produced by the Romanian economy and to import raw materials , " Basescu told CNN . "  Today  it is more of a gate , first of all for Romania connecting  the country  with the world , and in same time it is a gate for central and Eastern Europe , " he added . See also : The world 's most entertaining airports Ensuring Constanta and the hinterland rail , road and canal services beyond the port fulfill their true potential , however , will prove a demanding logistical challenge . The port currently operates at just 50 % of its 100 million ton annual handling capacity . Much of Romania 's creaking inland freight infrastructure is in need of modernization , having been built and designed during the country 's communist era . The Romanian section of the Danube canal catered for 31 million tons of goods in 2012 , a steady increase on previous years but still only a third of its full capacity . Despite these less than fully productive figures , Basescu remains optimistic . He says Constanta is the gateway at the end of a giant "  blue motorway " stretching more than 1,500 miles from the North Sea port of Rotterdam via waterways in Holland , Germany , Austria , Hungary and Serbia . "  From a strategic point of view , it 's  of  extraordinary importance having such a harbor which is connected with all of Europe , " Basescu said . "  It 's the single harbor which is connected with Danube , with the Rhine-Main-Danube canal and with Rotterdam , " he added . See also : Where is the world 's best airport This enthusiasm for Romania 's maritime and logistical development is shared by the country 's continental partners keen to facilitate the smooth passage of goods across Europe 's frontiers and beyond . But not all are as content as Basescu as to the progress currently being made in this endeavor . The EU commissioner for regional development , Johannes Hahn , recently stated that the 14 countries  including Romania  involved in strengthening trade in the Danube region still had to "  step up a gear " after making a promising start . Basescu rejects such analysis as hypercritical , believing it is not fully representative of the commitment and progress his country has made towards improving its infrastructure since joining the EU in 2007 . "  I do n't know why the commissioner is so pessimistic , " he said . "  We have already invested more than 300 million  euros  on the Danube using the European money for the period 2007-2013 and it will continue . " See also : How tiny city packs big economic punch Basescu sees the benefits of increased trade these projects will likely bring as a key component of Romania 's development strategy in the coming years . The country remains one of the poorest in the European Union -- only Bulgaria has a lower GDP per head of population , according to Eurostat . "  It is vital not only for the EU , but for Romania , " he said . "  We have to develop the capacities for large vessels in Constanta harbor  but  there are a lot of other things to be done . " Ensuring the Danube is a solution to move goods and commodities through Romania to central Europe is "  a key element for us in our development strategy , " he added .	Romanian president , Traian Basescu , aims to guide Constanta Harbor towards a new era of prosperity The port is strategically situated on Romania 's eastern coast but currently operates at half capacity Basescu is himself a former oil tanker captain
CNN  -- In the old days , being passive-aggressive took effort . An annoyance -- like , say , a neighbor who has elected to make the stairwell his own personal broom closet -- would fester and fester until one was finally forced into action . IE , leaving a note to the effect of : "  Hi ! I tripped over a bucket of liquid in the hallway and turned my ankle . Therefore , I elected to remove your garbage from our common area -- for the sake of everyone 's safety . Thanks ! :D 3B . P.S. Everyone can hear you have sex through the wall . " Now , it 's all too easy to vent your frustrations via Twitter , Facebook and various and sundry meme machines , cluttering the newsfeeds of friends and "  Facebook friends " with your petty , petty gripes . We get it : Sometimes you just need to scream silently into your pillow , and since one does not always have a pillow on hand  unless one rolls like that  , the Web is often the closest substitute . Still , it is vital to realize that you are not , in fact , bellowing into the ether about your co-worker 's apparent lack of breathing-through-the-nose skills -- no , you are recording these grievances for all to see , laugh at and possibly garner a book deal via passive-aggressive notes . Thankfully , the Web  and its outlying regions  is an innovative place , and now it 's possible to get passive-aggressive  and even outright aggressive  without spreading your lack of sunshine to the rest of your social network . Here 's what to do : When your friends are being all foe-like The other weekend , you had a rather unfortunate drunken experience with a fire extinguisher at a local music venue . The next day , you confided in your friend -- let 's call him "  Steve " -- who immediately appropriated the venue 's security camera footage and posted your incriminating , foamy dance  you were belting out a stirring rendition of "  We Did n't Start the Fire , " you now recall  to YouTube . You became a viral star ! -- for all the wrong reasons . Angrily , you take to Facebook and start posting messages akin to , "  NOW I KNOW WHO MY REAL FRIENDS ARE ! " Sorry to break it to you , dude , but acting out digitally in this way makes you look like a giant loser -- not that you needed any help in the first place . Naturally , you should probably confront your friend , but if you ca n't manage to summon up the balls to do so , might we suggest downloading Face-Invaders , an iPad game that allows you to blast your Facebook friends in effigy as if they were malignant aliens from outer space . "  Steve " will never know what hit him -- unless you manage to get your hands on another fire extinguisher . When your beau is being a schmo So here 's the thing . Everything about you and your girlfriend makes us intensely uncomfortable : the way you  wetly  make out in public , the way you lick sauce off of each other 's face while eating , and , especially , the way you get into raging fights in public locations and then retreat into the nearest restroom to "  make up . " And when you port all of that over into the digital realm , snipping about fights and seeking support from your friends  "  He 's just not good enough for you , girl ! "  we 're just that much more embarrassed for you because it 's all out there for anyone to see  Openbook is watching  . Luckily , someone has gone and created an application called Pair especially for couples , allowing Jack and Jill to share pictures , videos , texts and drawings with each other -- and each other alone . So the next time you feel tempted to bring up Jack 's inability to purchase TP via incensed tweet , snap a pic of the naked roll and send it along to J instead . Bonus : The app also has a "  thumb kiss " feature that causes the phone to vibrate when both couples touch their appendages to their screens at the same time . It 's like really discreet makeup sex . NB : This app is intended to be used by happy couples , but we 're cynics . When your boss is eating your soul Wait until you get home and pull out the aforementioned pillow . Seriously . While we 're all about free speech and all that , it 's just basically a bad idea to post anything disparaging about your boss or workplace online . Why ? Because you never know who has access to your social accounts -- a lot of workplaces are even asking for Facebook logins nowadays  a practice that we wholly do not endorse  . If you 're that upset about your current work situation , by all means get smashed and complain about it with friends  after looking over your shoulder , of course  . But after you 've recovered from your hangover , maybe start looking for another gig . If you must let off some steam , try firing up Enemy Graph , a Facebook app that allows you to declare friends or public figures "  enemies . " We hear Justin Bieber is a popular enemy , and there 's slim to no chance he 's your boss .	Face-Invaders is an iPad game that allows you to blast your Facebook friends in effigy It 's always a bad idea to post anything disparaging about your boss or workplace online Facebook app Enemy Graph allows you to declare friends or public figures "  enemies "
Woburn , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Cars and commercial airplanes move the vast majority of us around , but as any frequent traveler knows , both of these modes of transportation have their limitations . Cars are restricted to highway speeds and the sometimes circuitous routes of our road infrastructure . Commercial airlines , with their high security , fixed schedules and hub-and-spoke system , offset their fast point-to-point speed with large amounts of waiting , and you still have to drive on each end of the flight . Personal aviation , where pilots operate small private aircraft , offers an alternative with the potential to get you where you need to be quickly , safely and on your own schedule , but it , too , comes with limitations . We founded Terrafugia in 2006 to develop a solution to many of the barriers to the more widespread use of personal aviation : Our work led to the development of a new kind of aircraft , which we call the "  Transition . " Watch Anna Dietrich 's TED Talk I co-founded Terrafugia as a graduate student in the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics at MIT . A pilot myself , I was interested in taking advantage of the new Sport Pilot and Light Sport Aircraft Rule that the Federal Aviation Administration created in 2004 to lower the barriers to entry to personal aviation for both pilots and manufacturers . We used the resources that were available at MIT and with our local Experimental Aircraft Association chapter to start building a team and a business while doing early conceptual design on the Transition itself . Since the beginning I 've enjoyed applying engineering problem-solving skills to the challenge of company creation : In many ways , starting a company is just a big systems engineering design-within-constraints problem . I 'm also looking forward to fulfilling a dream I 've had since grade school by being able to fly something that I 've both helped design and build when I take the Transition out for the first time . TED.com : Paul MacCready flies on solar wings In describing the Transition , we use the phrase "  roadable aircraft " instead of "  flying car " to help set expectations for what it is and how it will be used . As a light-sport aircraft , the Transition must be operated in and out of designated airports by certificated pilots .  Because this aircraft is easy to fly , the appropriate pilot license can be earned in weeks , instead of months or years . Unlike any other airplane on the market today , the Transition can fold its wings on command , shift power from the propeller to the rear wheels and drive as a fully street-legal vehicle on any road in the United States . Designed to meet the Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards , it is the first light airplane to incorporate automotive-style safety features such as dash-mounted airbags , a passenger safety cage and energy-absorbing crumple zones . For added safety in flight , there is a full vehicle parachute for use in case of emergency . While the Transition is not intended to replace the modern automobile , it does have the potential to improve travel significantly . At less than 7 feet tall , it will fit in most garages , saving rent on hangar space . It runs on unleaded gasoline instead of more expensive aviation fuel . TED.com : Bert Rutan on the future of space The Transition can also use any of more than 5,000 public-use airports in the United States , letting the operator avoid the congestion of commercial hub airports while also flying over traffic jams on the roadways . After landing , being able to drive to your final destination solves the "  last mile problem . " Flying at 100 mph and traveling point-to-point in the air , on your own schedule , the Transition can save hours off the typical regional trip . And what about the weather , something that often halts small airplane travel ? With a Transition , if the weather gets bad , fold the wings without leaving the cockpit and continue the trip safely on the road . If the weather clears later in the trip , drive to a nearby airport and get back in the air . In short , the Transition addresses the cost barriers , weather sensitivity , long door-to-door travel time and lack of ground mobility that has thus far kept personal aviation from playing a significant role in meeting our transportation needs . As of early 2012 , Terrafugia is conducting an extensive set of tests on our two production prototype aircraft . These aircraft incorporate all of the improvements that we were able to make following the completion of flight and drive testing of our proof of concept aircraft in 2009 . Covering both flight and road use , we 're using a combination of powered testing , static load testing and sophisticated analysis and simulation to demonstrate compliance to the light-sport aircraft standards as well as the applicable Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards . If this testing program continues to go well , we could be delivering the first aircraft to private owners around the end of this year . While it is not the "  flying car " of "  The Jetsons , " the Transition is a state-of-the-art solution to improving personal mobility today . From the reactions we get to the aircraft whenever we have the opportunity to share it , it 's clear that even with its practical approach , the Transition is rekindling a shared dream of more personal freedom . As with many disruptive products , it is difficult to predict where this technology will take us in the future , but I believe that the Transition is the next major step in improving how we navigate our world . I would encourage you to think about where you 'd like to go once you have an airplane in your garage . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anna Dietrich .	Anna Dietrich : We depend on cars and planes for most transportation She says the highway system and commercial plane network limit mobility , choices Dietrich and her colleagues are developing a plane that can drive legally on roads If the prototypes succeed , people will be able to park airplane in garage , she says
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Roland Marbaugh wrote 509 pages of his tales of war -- from the swampy Solomon Islands in World War II to the frozen Chosin Reservoir in Korea . His son typed them all up on an electric typewriter in the 1980s but unpublished , Marbaugh 's stories remained largely in his mind . Until now . Marbaugh 's story will soon be among 600 others on Witness to War , a virtual library of Americans in combat . When his testimony is posted in a few days , viewers will be able to hear the former Marine captain , now a spry 91 , recount harrowing tales with photographic precision . Some things never dulled in Marbaugh 's memory . Like how fellow Marine "  Wee Willie Wilson " killed 19 Japanese in their foxholes on the Pacific island of Bougainville and was awarded a prestigious Naval Cross for his "  valiant fighting spirit . " "  He had 20 rounds of ammunition ; killed 19 Japanese . Willy was a show-off , " Marbaugh said of his fellow Marine . "  We do n't know how he got in their bunker . He never told me . " Marbaugh might have never gotten a chance to recount his stories had it not been for Atlanta entrepreneur Tom Beaty , the founder of Witness to War . Beaty 's own interest in combat tales developed rather unusually . He did n't come from a military family . Nor did he grow up like Marbaugh 's children , listening to war stories from daddy . He did n't even like history lessons in school , in which he learned about the sweeping nature of war -- dates and names , but nothing that gave a boy a clear idea of what it was like to be there . Then , when he was 11 , Beaty 's mother gave him a pictorial history of World War II . He flipped through the pages and stared at each photograph . What was it like to be there ? What did war smell like ? How did it feel to be wounded or watch someone die ? He earned a degree in military history at the University of North Carolina and more than anything , he wanted other Americans to appreciate the view from the foxhole as much as he did . Later in Atlanta , he began attending World War II roundtable meetings . Someone , he realized , needed to capture the veterans ' stories for posterity . He bought a camera and recording equipment and launched Witness to War in 2002 . Outside of his business consulting job , Beaty spent his own money and time interviewing soldiers , Marines , sailors and airmen . It was a labor of love and a project that married his personal interest with a desire to give back to those who had sacrificed . War at Home : A soldier 's war on two fronts Today , it 's a searchable archive of 600 such accounts . Beaty hopes to grow the virtual library by at least a thousand more tales in two years . Eventually , he 'd like to see it all in the Library of Congress . He knows he 's racing against time with World War II veterans , many in their 90s , like Marbaugh , or even older . They are dying off at the rate of 1,000 per day , according to the Department of Veterans Affairs , and taking their stories to cold graves . "  Every time a veteran dies , a library burns , " Beaty said in his suburban Atlanta office . "  What I learned in high school was the high-level view of things , not the horror of delivering freedom , " he said . "  Our mission is simple -- to preserve , honor and educate . " Imagine , he said , if the stories of Revolutionary War or Civil War veterans had been captured on video . Beaty used to do all the interviews himself . Now he has an assistant and hopes one day to be able to deploy a team of interviewers to record veterans ' stories . He has interviewed Medal of Honor recipients whose experiences are well known . But it 's those who have rarely spoken who interest Beaty the most . And sometimes , it 's his curiosity that leads him to them . When Beaty was visiting his father 's grave in Union County , North Carolina , he noticed a dual grave with two headstones . The father had passed away , but there was only a birth date for the son . It was an unusual name : Arch de Castrique . Beaty looked up de Castrique and ended up eating breakfast at McDonald 's with him , listening to stories about Japanese soldiers and their combat tactics and agreed to tell them on camera . Shortly afterwards , de Castrique developed Alzheimer 's and could no longer recall his experiences . Eventually , the disease took his life . But his story lives on because of Beaty 's project . Sometimes , the interviews are emotional , filled with painful pauses and tears . Others are cathartic , as it was for Glenn Gooch , who fought with the 4th Infantry in World War II . Gooch told Beaty how he had come across dead Americans during his first combat experience in France , some with their throats slit . It was meant to scare the living . Or another time , when he fired his M1 rifle at a German soldier close up in the dark . "  I can see it just as plain today as I did that night . Shooting at him so much until his body , his hips , in that area , looked like it was on fire . " All the while Gooch speaks , his eyes never meet Beaty 's camera . It was the first time he had talked about his combat memories publicly . Beaty is constantly on a search for more stories . He contacted Marbaugh after he read an account of the 17 days of brutal battle in North Korea 's Chosin Reservoir on its 60th anniversary . The Marines were encircled by Chinese troops . They fought for their lives . Beaty said he was struck by the accounts of hand-to-hand combat with Chinese troops . Marbaugh said many of his fellow Marines froze to death as they were forced to retreat south . When the Chinese charged down a hill , he gave the orders : a bayonet or a bullet . "  We had to do what we had to do , " he said . "  Not too proud of it . " Marbaugh , then a captain , started off with 500 men under him . After Chosin , he was left with 75 . The temperatures fell to 16 below . The dead were covered up and left to freeze . Marbaugh said "  Tootsie Rolls " was the code name for ammunition . But somebody who loaded up the ammo for airdrops thought the Marines wanted candy . So with every case of ammo came the sweet stuff . "  You could do nothing with food or water , " he said , referring to the frigid weather . "  But you could put a Tootsie Roll under your arm . It would get warm and soft . " Marbaugh also told Beaty a harrowing tale of napalm , when there were hundreds of Chinese soldiers coming their way and the Air Force stepped in to save the surrounded Marines . There were four planes -- one to spot and three to attack . "  The second plane dropped his napalm but not the third or fourth . At the same time Marines from all sides opened up with mortars and heavy machine guns . "  Why did n't you drop ? " the second pilot asked the others . "  There was no target left , " they replied . "  We had massacred them , " Marbaugh said . Marbaugh was honored to be able to share his stories . "  I 'm glad they picked me , " he said . Beaty looked at Marbaugh and his son and thought about all the lifelines that were stopped by war , all the families that never were because a man died on the battlefield . He said he felt a need to make the connection between the sacrifices that were made and the freedoms that Americans enjoy . He was thankful for men like Marbaugh , who survived to tell . They were warriors who became walking libraries .	Tom Beaty founded Witness to War in 2002 The website posts video testimonies of veterans They provide views of war from the foxhole Former Marine Roland Marbaugh recorded his memories of the Pacific and Korea
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States is overhauling Bush-era plans for a missile defense shield in Europe , based partly on the latest analysis of Iran 's offensive capabilities , President Obama said Thursday . President Obama on Thursday says the Bush-era missile defense plan will be replaced with a new system . The "  new missile defense architecture in Europe ... will provide capabilities sooner , build on proven systems and offer greater defenses against the threat of missile attack than the ... program " that former President George W. Bush proposed , Obama said . Obama said the change of gears was based on an "  updated intelligence assessment " about Iran 's ability to hit Europe with missiles . The Islamic republic 's "  short - and medium-range " missiles pose the most current threat , he said , and "  this new ballistic missile defense will best address " that threat . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates , speaking from the Pentagon immediately after the president 's announcement , denied the United States was "  scrapping " missile defense . "  This new approach provides a better missile defense capability for our forces in Europe , for our European allies and eventually for our homeland than the program I recommended almost three years ago , " said Gates , who was defense chief in the last two years of the Bush administration and stayed on when Obama took office . Watch as Obama says the new approach is suited to threats of 21st century " The Bush-era proposal called for the U.S. to set up a radar site in the Czech Republic and 10 missile interceptors in Poland to counter the threat of Iran launching long-range missiles at America 's allies in Europe . See how the system would have worked " | See a map of proposed sites under the Bush-era plan " American officials from Obama on down insisted Thursday 's announcement does not reflect any lesser commitment to European defense . A U.S. delegation held high-level meetings Thursday in Poland and the Czech Republic to discuss the missile defense system . Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk told reporters he spoke to Obama and other U.S. officials and received "  certain other signals " that left him cautiously optimistic about "  Poland 's future security and our relationship with the United States . " Czech Prime Minister Jan Fischer issued a statement saying that Obama told him in a Wednesday phone call that the United States would shelve its plans . "  At the NATO summit in April , we adopted a resolution focusing on building a defense system against real , existing threats , i.e. short-range and medium-range missiles , " Fischer said . "  We expect that the United States will continue cooperating with the Czech Republic on concluding the relevant agreements on our mutual -LSB- research and development -RSB- and military collaboration , including the financing of specific projects . " Russian President Dmitry Medvedev welcomed Obama 's move with a televised statement of his own from Moscow . Watch how Obama 's plan may affect U.S.-Russian ties " "  We appreciate the responsible approach of the U.S. president , " Medvedev said , characterizing the new American position as "  putting into practice " an agreement he made with Obama earlier this year . "  I discussed this issue with the U.S. president during our meetings in London and Moscow . At that time , in our joint statement , we agreed to , and set in stone that Russia and the United States will seek to work together to assess the risks of missile proliferation in the world , " he said . Watch CNN 's Matthew Chance report on the U.S. missile defense shield " A top expert at the Council on Foreign Relations backed Obama 's decision . "  The system that President George W. Bush proposed ... would have deployed interceptor missiles that had yet to be tested under real-world conditions to defend against long-range missiles that Iran had yet to develop , " said the council 's senior vice president , James Lindsay . "  Meanwhile , the interceptors would have been useless against the short - and medium-range missiles that Iran is rapidly developing , " he said in a written statement . But the change of gears , while making strategic sense , does present Obama with diplomatic problems , Lindsay said . "  Poles and Czechs worry that his decision signals a softening U.S. commitment to their security . Both countries saw the system as a way to tie themselves more closely to the United States and thereby deter an increasingly belligerent Russia , " he said . "  Critics will also insist that the Poles and Czechs are right : He axed the Bush program in a foolish and doomed bid to ` reset ' relations with Russia , " he said . "  Here Moscow is n't likely to be of much help to the White House . The Kremlin will claim a diplomatic victory and it wo n't offer any concessions in return . " Reaction from Poland and the Czech Republic was cautious , with leaders saying they were assured that the United States remained committed to a strong relationship and their security . The council released a report Thursday that said repeated technological failures had put the Bush missile plan behind schedule and likely over budget , as well . Obama 's Republican adversaries were quick to accuse him of selling out allies to placate Russia . The "  decision calls into question the security and diplomatic commitments the United States has made to Poland and the Czech Republic , " said Sen. John McCain of Arizona , the 2008 Republican nominee for president . Obama has been seeking a stronger relationship with Russia and better cooperation from the Kremlin to support tough U.N. economic sanctions against Iran if it continues to pursue its nuclear ambitions . Missile defense has been a sore point in relations between Washington and Moscow , with Russia believing the shield would ultimately erode its strategic nuclear deterrent . But a senior administration official denied a diplomatic motive to scrapping the missile defense program . "  This has nothing to do with Russia , " he said . "  The notion that we 're abandoning missile defense is completely false . It 's evolving into a different system . " At the briefing with Gates , the Pentagon 's point man on the issue said the new system will have "  hundreds " of missile interceptors . It also will have mobile radar units , including some in space , "  that can move to wherever the threat actually emanates and wherever we feel we need to defend ourselves , " said Gen. James Cartwright , deputy chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . Cartwright contrasted the new sensor technology with the radar systems envisioned in the old plan , which he called "  basically left over from the Cold War . " The new plan includes three types of missiles to shoot down incoming threats -- Patriot missiles , which defend a single location ; SM-3 interceptors , which he said could protect "  a general area like the area from Philadelphia to Washington , D.C. " ; and large ground-based interceptors in Alaska and California . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said that the Missile Defense Agency 's budget would remain the same through fiscal year 2015 . "  Now that the plan is official , we are working with MDA to review all costs , " he said . The Government Accountability Office reported in February that the MDA had spent about $ 56 billion since since 2002 and is budgeted to spend an additional $ 50 billion through 2013 . The European strategy , the MDA said , is budgeted at $ 4.5 billion . Cartwright did not say how much the new plan would cost compared with the old one . But he pointed out that Patriot and SM-3 missiles are significantly cheaper than the interceptors the Bush proposal relied on . "  You do not want to go after large numbers -LSB- of missiles -RSB- with the very expensive missiles unless it 's absolutely essential , " he said . He said the fact that the United States sells Patriot and Aegis systems to other countries reduces the cost to Washington . The SM-3 missiles are part of the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense systems . Other countries , he said , are helping to fund the research and development of the systems . The first phase of the system is due to be in place in 2011 , with the subsequent phases rolling out around 2015 , 2018 and 2020 , he said . "  It 's a more advanced system , more cost-effective and efficient , " the senior administration official said before the president and Gates spoke . "  The technology has evolved in a way that allows you to deploy a system that is more effective in countering both short - , medium - and long-range missiles , " said the official , contrasting the types of missiles that Iran , for example , is believed to have with intercontinental ballistic missiles of the kind feared during the Cold War . The Bush administration had cited the perceived nuclear threat from Iran as one of the key reasons it wanted to install the missile shield in Eastern Europe . But a 60-day review mandated by Congress and ordered by Obama recommended the new approach that was unveiled Thursday . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux and Barbara Starr in Washington , Per Nyberg in London , England , Matthew Chance and Michael Sefanov in Moscow , Russia , and Richard Roth at the United Nations contributed to this report .	NEW : Polish , Czech leaders cautiously optimistic about U.S. commitment Russian president : "  We appreciate the responsible approach " of U.S. leader Defense chief Robert Gates denies U.S. "  scrapping " missile defense Change of gears does creates diplomatic problems for U.S. , expert says
Washington  CNN  Rep. Michael Grimm announced late Monday night plans to resign from Congress , after pleading guilty to a felony tax evasion charge last week . The announcement came just hours after a source familiar with Grimm 's thinking told CNN he would resign "  sooner rather than later , " after the New York Daily News broke the news of Grimm 's plans to step down . "  After much thought and prayer , I have made the very difficult decision to step down from Congress effective January 5th , 2015 . This decision is made with a heavy heart , as I have enjoyed a very special relationship and closeness with my constituents , whom I care about deeply , " Grimm said in a statement issued shortly before midnight by his office . The Staten Island congressman was indicted in April on 20 counts relating to his health food restaurant , Healthalicious , including charges that he filed false tax returns ; engaged in mail fraud , wire fraud and perjury ; and knowingly hired undocumented workers . House Speaker John Boehner called Grimm 's decision to step down "  honorable " in a statement on Tuesday . "  I know it was made with the best interests of his constituents and the institution in mind , and I appreciate his years of service in the House , " Boehner said . A Republican congressional source said Boehner and Grimm spoke Monday before Grimm announced his plans to resign . During last Tuesday 's hearing , Grimm pleaded guilty to one count of aiding in the filing of a false tax return , a plea that 's expected to bring him months of jail time . In the statement announcing his plans to resign , Grimm said that "  the events which led to this day did not break my spirit , nor the will of the voters , " but that he feels he wo n't be able to serve effectively in the new Congress . "  However , I do not believe that I can continue to be 100 % effective in the next Congress , and therefore , out of respect for the Office and the people I so proudly represent , it is time for me to start the next chapter of my life , " he said . The decision to resign marks a change of heart for the Staten Island Republican , who rejected calls to step down after he entered his guilty plea . He apologized for his actions and took responsibility , and said that the unpaid taxes from a New York restaurant he once owned were a mistake . "  As long as I 'm able to serve I 'm going to serve , " he said . Grimm was re-elected in November and was to be sworn in to a new term in January . While there 's nothing in the Constitution or House Rules barring felons from serving in Congress , the situation created an unwanted headache and negative attention for Boehner as he seeks to head into the new Congress starting with a clean slate . While he gave up his seat on the House Financial Services Committee after he was charged , Grimm repeatedly insisted he would be "  fully exonerated . " According to the Daily News , however , Grimm admitted to the conduct alleged in his 20-count indictment in a document to the court . The indictment came down just months before what was already expected to be a tough re-election fight for the perennial Democratic target . His Staten Island-area district went for President Barack Obama in 2012 , but despite the cloud of the indictment hanging over his head , Grimm pulled out an easy win over his Democratic challenger in November . His re-election and subsequent guilty plea created problems for Boehner , who -- along with then-Majority Leader Eric Cantor -- in 2010 promised to institute a "  zero tolerance " policy for ethics violations within the GOP caucus , which had dogged the party and contributed to its steep losses in the 2006 and 2008 elections . Indeed , in previous situations where House Republicans admitted to criminal or personal ethical lapses , Boehner has worked privately to encourage those members to step aside on their own . But Grimm 's guilty plea was n't the only headache he 's caused Boehner over the past year . He drew negative headlines last January when he was caught on camera threatening to throw a reporter off a balcony and break him in half "  like a boy , " after the reporter asked about an investigation into his campaign finances . Grimm 's resignation will spark a competitive special election for his seat , and potential contenders have already begun lining up . Former Democratic Rep. Michael McMahon , who narrowly lost to Grimm in 2010 , has reportedly expressed interest in a bid for his old seat . Republican candidates , according to the Daily News , could include Staten Island District Attorney Daniel Donovan , Assemblywoman Nicole Malliotakis and state Sen. Andrew Lanza . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	Rep. Michael Grimm will resign effective Jan. 5 , he announced Monday night He plead guilty to tax evasion but had resisted calls to resign The congressman narrowly won re-election after being hit with a 20-count indictment House Speaker John Boehner called Grimm 's decision to step down "  honorable "
This week , I will campaign for Gov. Mitt Romney . I believe this election will and should be about moving America back from the edge of the abyss on which we stand , where our debt and spending threaten to overwhelm and drown us . Romney 's belief in free markets , limited government and trade make him the clear choice to lead our country come January . I do not , however , support a call for intervention in Syria . And , if such intervention were being contemplated , it is absolutely necessary that Congress give any such authority to the president . No president , Republican or Democrat , has the unilateral power to take our nation to war without the authority of the legislature . At times , I have been encouraged by Romney 's foreign policy . I agree with his call to end the war in Afghanistan sooner rather than later and with his skepticism of , and call for reform in , foreign aid , but I am a bit dismayed by his foreign policy speech Monday , titled "  Mantle of Leadership . " Romney chose to criticize President Obama for seeking to cut a bloated Defense Department and for not being bellicose enough in the Middle East , two assertions with which I can not agree . Defense and war spending has grown 137 % since 2001 . That kind of growth is not sustainable . Opinion : Romney 's sorta-kinda call to arms Adm. Michael Mullen stated earlier this year that the biggest threat to our national security is our debt . If debt is our gravest threat , adding to the debt by expanding military spending further threatens our national security . While I would always stand up for America and preserve our ability to defend ourselves , a less aggressive foreign policy along with an audit of the Pentagon could save tens of billions of dollars each year without sacrificing our defense . To dismiss either idea is to miss the very compromise that will enable us to balance our budget . That compromise would be for conservatives to admit that not every dollar spent on the military is sacred or well-spent and for liberals to admit that not every dollar spent on domestic entitlements and welfare is necessary . In North Africa and the Middle East , our problem has not been a lack of intervention . In the past 10 years we have fought two full wars there , and bombed or sent troops into several others . This past year , President Obama illegally began a war with Libya , taking sides with the rebels to unseat an admittedly bad man in Moammar Gadhafi . There were several problems with this policy : First , the president did not seek or get the necessary constitutional authority from Congress for this military action . If our Constitution is to mean anything it must be applied even in times of war , when those seeking to exercise power do not find it expedient . Just as importantly , the Libyan rebels were assisted with virtually no one in the administration or in Congress demanding to know who these people were that we were arming and propping up . No one seemed to understand that in toppling Libya 's dictatorship , we were leaving in its wake an unformed , unorganized government without a centralized structure , one that would have a difficult time keeping order among the more than 100 tribes that make up Libya . This "  act first , think later " foreign policy has real consequences . We 've seen our embassies and consulates stormed in more than one country . Our diplomats and security team were killed . Our flag is being burned , our country mocked . The proper response to this would be to step back and think of whether we really need to be involved in these countries in the way we have been . Instead , both parties rush headlong into more places they do n't understand , exemplified Monday by Romney urging action to arm Syrian rebels and topple President Bashar al-Assad . But just who are these rebels ? What will they do when in power ? Is this really in our vital national interest ? Opinion : Romney 's foreign policy twilight zone We 've been 10 years in Afghanistan and we ca n't identify friend from foe . Do you think we can , with certainty , identify friend and foe in Syria ? Before taking our country closer to war , should n't we at least ask the viewpoint of the significant Christian population in Syria ? News reports indicate they are wary of the rebels and are either sitting the fight out or siding with al-Assad . Al-Assad is by no means a saint but Christians flocked to Syria from a war-torn Iraq because they feared al-Assad less than the Islamic government we brought into being . Before getting deeply involved , should someone ask : Are these rebels going to be implementing the death penalty for criticism of Islam ? There is ample evidence the rebels are being funded and armed by the most extreme Islamist elements and governments in the region . Is that where we want our funds and weapons to end up ? We need to stop and think before we act . I am not an isolationist or a pacifist . I heartily reject both labels . I believe in engagement in the world , with trade , commerce , diplomacy and a foreign policy that projects the greatness of America and her people . I would not hesitate to vote to send American troops to war to protect our country and our vital national security interests . Opinion : Obama , Romney -- Ignore Afghanistan war at your own peril But we are in too many places , too often , and we do n't seem to even know the reason -- or where we will end up when we 're done . This foreign policy has created more enemies than it has vanquished . It has siphoned trillions of America 's dollars . It has cost tens of thousands of casualties in the loss of the lives and limbs of our soldiers . We owe it to ourselves , our soldiers and our children to take a more careful look at our foreign policy , to not rush into war , and to not attempt to score political points with wrongheaded policy ideas . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Sen. Rand Paul : I support Mitt Romney but question some of his foreign policy speech He says Romney seeks more intervention in Mideast , where U.S. wars have fared poorly Paul says arming the rebels in Syria risks empowering some people with anti-U.S. agendas He says U.S. defense budget is too high , growing at unsustainable rate
CNN  Linda Kaoma is on the hunt in East Africa . Her tour of the region will see her travel to Tanzania , Kenya and Uganda . Not in search of lions , rhinos or other big game . Rather she 's on a quest for a much more elusive creature -- the African poet . "  We have a rich oral tradition and it 's important that we document what is happening in history poetry-wise , " she explains . "  Africa has a history of a lack of documentation and we really did n't want this to happen to our poets . " Kaoma , 29 , is part of the team behind the Badilisha Poetry X-Change , the largest online archive of African poetry , accessible via mobile phone , in the world . The Badilisha project was originally conceived as an annual poetry festival overseen by the Africa Centre , a pan-African organization based in Cape Town in 2008 . Over the following years it grew to become a powerful mouthpiece for showcasing African wordsmiths . And by 2012 , the institution decided to move online in an effort to break down geographical borders and open up their diverse anthology to a wider audience in Africa . Poetry in your phone Following an overhaul of the site last year , Badilisha relaunched in September , making its immersive archive accessible to a broader international following through a "  mobile-first " site . It 's a shrewd move on a continent where mobile phones have revolutionized critical sectors such as education , healthcare and agriculture . Adoption of mobile phone use has been prolific in Africa with mobile data services going from strength to strength . Seven out of 10 mobile users in sub-Saharan Africa use their phones to browse the web , according to a recent report from Ericsson . Elsewhere , a study by analyst firm Ovum predicted in November that "  mobile broadband connections in Africa are set to rise from 96 million in 2013 to 950 million to cover 77.3 % of all mobile subscriptions in the continent by the end of 2019 . " Kaoma adds : "  A lot of Africans use their mobiles to go on the Internet and because they are own main target audience , we had to cater for them and make it easy for them to access this content . " To date , the project has collected almost 400 African poets from 31 countries in Africa and across the diaspora , in 14 different languages . Since the relaunch , users are able to navigate the site through a myriad of options including by theme , poet , country , language , emotion or by their "  Top 10 " list , a popular feature curated by a guest poet each month . And it seems their following has embraced the organization 's decision to go forward on mobile with an average of 3,000 visitors to the site monthly . "  We want the archive to be a place where people can come and get educated about what other African poets are saying . A place for them to interact with one another , " says Kaoma . "  There is great value in a Kenyan interacting with a Nigerian . A Nigerian interacting with a South African ... "  Also the archive has now reached an international status and it has become a global stage . Poets can get the exposure that they usually do not get . " Cape Town-based poet Toni Stuart , who compiled this month 's "  Top 10 " list , says : "  I do n't think the importance of an archive like this can be overstated . It is the first ` living archive ' focusing solely on poets from Africa and the diaspora . "  The archive serves a number of purposes : it makes poets available to an international audience -- and for less known poets , this is a chance to be heard beyond their own community , city or country . It raises the the profile of poetry from and of the continent , while allowing people to engage with the words through hearing and reading them . " Hot on the trail of poets Two poets are introduced to the platform weekly and each poet profile features a short biography , two text poems , a photograph and audio podcast recordings of the wordsmith reading their works . Kaoma , a poet and writer herself , says : "  It adds so much value to actually hear the poet 's voice recite their work . It adds a different dimension , it adds a texture . We really want to give our audience a holistic experience of poetry . "  If some people just choose to read it , that 's fine . But if others want to hear it ,  the podcast  really brings the work to life . " Meanwhile , Stuart , who also runs poetry and performance workshops , says the multi-layered format "  democratizes poetry " by "  offering an equal platform to poets working in all languages on the continent , and to established and emerging poets . " Poets can supply their work directly to the organization via the project 's submissions page . It is then evaluated by a rolling judging panel who determine whether the work is suitable for Badilisha . "  At any given time we have two or three poets sitting on the panel , " says Kaoma . "  We try to have a mix of people so we will invite poets to come curate for us . It keeps the selection process exciting and diverse . " Conversely , the team also approach poets directly to inquire if they are interested in adding their work to the collection . Additionally , they travel to various nations in search of poets to connect with . "  We write to publishers or anybody who has access to these poets and build those profiles . We do , from time to time , have to travel to a specific country . We really have to do a lot of ploughing and digging of the poetry scene and that space . " One such voice on the platform is Ghanaian-born Jamaican poet Kwame Dawes . Having first encountered Badilisha while visiting Cape Town several years ago , he is thrilled to see how the organization has created a burgeoning poetry scene online . "  I had the chance to visit their studios and to learn more about what they intended to do . It was exciting to see this fledgling idea blossom into what is simply one of the best things to happen to African poetry in a long time . "  The concept is simple , but the impact is massive . " Existing in an online space Dawes , who is also a distinguished actor , documentary writer and founder of the prestigious African Poetry Book Fund , has not only curated content for the site but he 's also featured in this month 's "  Top 10 , " compiled by South Africa 's Toni Stuart . He adds : "  Of course it feels good to see that other poets are engaged by my work . I am not sure what it means really  to be included in the Top 10  , but I have to think that the few poems on the site resonate with people in positive ways . I am in good company , frankly , and I find that an honor . " It 's a sentiment project manager Kaoma says many poets share about their inclusion in Badilisha . "  When we first started there was obviously a bit of resistance . People not understanding how being online works . Now as a society , we are more accustomed to being online , a lot of our activities are based online -- we shop online -- so as society becomes more comfortable with the idea of the web , so do poets , " explains the curator . "  Poets are very open to it and they appreciate having such a space there they can engage with one another . " Badilisha is principally funded by Spier , a South African wine estate , with additional financing from applications to the government and other private institutions . And in a time when traditional publishers are shying away from printing poetry due to lack of sales , the project offers poets a new outlet for presenting their work in a digital age . But Kaoma is quick to clarify Badilisha 's position as an alternative literary publisher . "  A lot of publishers right now are n't publishing a lot of poetry ,  and  we do n't want that to be what stops us as poets from having thriving careers . I think we can exist online and maybe when people see how popular poetry really is , they can start increasing the number of books being published . I think we can coexist and work with one another . " Tom Page contributed to this story .	Badilisha Poetry X-Change is the world 's largest archive of African poets Poets featured on the "  mobile first " site must be African or have a strong link to the continent 70 % of mobile users in Sub-Saharan Africa , according to Ericsson consumer report Each poet profile includes a bio , photo , text poems and audio podcasts
After serving time , rapper Ja Rule is now on a more spiritual path . The artist , who had a thriving career in the early 2000s as part of the label Murder , Inc. , told New York radio station Power 105.1 that he 's gone from following a troubled path to seeking Christianity . Ja Rule , born Jeffrey Atkins , served roughly two years in jail for tax evasion charges and attempted criminal possession of a weapon . After his release in 2013 , the rapper picked up a role in the movie "  I 'm In Love with a Church Girl , " and found himself growing interested in God as he promoted the project at churches . "  I kind of reconnected with God by doing the ... movie , " Ja Rule told the radio station . "  I reconnected with God in a different way . I was going to all these different churches , ...  and they  were great , but I did n't feel like they were talking to me until I went to Hillsong right here in the city . " As he recounts in his new memoir , "  Unruly : The Highs and Lows of Becoming a Man , " Ja Rule was raised by Jehovah 's Witnesses . When his mother left the faith in his pre-teen years , the rapper says he soured on the religion . "  The family was n't speaking to my mother , and I saw how much it hurt her , " he recalled to Power 105.1 . "  I did n't want to have anything to do with the religion at all . " But after his release from lockup , he found himself drawn to New York City 's Hillsong Church . "  You walk into this church and it 's dark in there and the disco ball is still in there and you see the lights and you 're like ... well this is different , " he said . "  And then you get in there and you start to look at everybody around you , and they look just like you -- it really gave me the feeling that when they say come as you are , they mean the skater kids in the back with the skateboards , like they just came off the street coming to church . It was a different type of crowd . " And when the church 's pastor , wearing sneakers , jeans and a T-shirt , began to preach , "  I felt like he was talking to me , " Ja Rule said . The rapper added that he and his wife , Aisha , were "  saved " at Hillsong -- meaning they professed to be Christians -- and he 's now trying to figure out how to practice his faith while still being in his profession . "  I want to make sure I 'm doing the right thing . I do n't want people to misconstrue what I 'm doing here , " Ja Rule said . "  I 'm taking baby steps , and I want to get closer to God . I feel it 's something you should do in life . " Since his baptism , Ja Rule said that he 's become friends with the church 's pastor , Carl Lentz . "  I started speaking to Carl ,  saying  , ' I do n't know how to do this and take this , because you know what I do for a living . I 'm not going to start making gospel records , " Ja Rule said . "  He told me , ` Ja , take baby steps . Walk in your path . ' "	Rapper Ja Rule has described his path to Christianity He reconnected with God at New York City 's Hillsong Church He was raised in the Jehovah 's Witness faith
CNN  -- He has beheaded again . The tall , masked British man with the London accent , working with ISIS . His first two victims were American journalists . His third was a fellow citizen , British aid worker David Haines . British Prime Minister David Cameron hastily assembled a meeting of his top national security advisers in the early hours of Sunday morning to discuss what can be done . According to British officials , Cameron knows the identity of the British executioner . ISIS executes David Haines , Cameron vows justice He also knows that the executioner has already killed two citizens of his country 's closest ally and he knows that the executioner holds at least two other American citizens . Cameron knows that the executioner holds other hostages from additional Western countries and that he is part of a larger group of British hostage-takers working for ISIS , nicknamed "  the Beatles " by their captives . And he knows that the lives of the remaining hostages are in grave danger . It is a real crisis for Cameron , and it underlines a sobering fact : British citizens have volunteered to go to Syria to fight at 25 times the rate that Americans have done so , when adjusted for population size . Some 500 British citizens have traveled to Syria to fight , as have 100 Americans . The population of the United Kingdom is about a fifth of that of the States . A British government assessment by the Office of Security and Counter-Terrorism provided to CNN shows that the British have already arrested 69 people this year for "  Syria related terrorist offences " that include terrorist financing , preparing an act of terrorism , and attending a terrorist training camp . In 2013 , 25 people were arrested in the UK on similar charges , bringing the total number of arrests to 94 , according to the British government assessment . By contrast , only eight have been arrested for similar Syria-related terrorist crimes in the States . ISIS execution videos strikingly similar The war in Syria is attracting British fighters from all kinds of ethnic backgrounds , not just those of Syrian descent . A British official told CNN that the vast majority of British fighters going to Syria do not have any real links to the country other than a desire to fight in a holy war against the Bashar al-Assad regime . Alarmed by the threat posed by its citizens fighting in Syria , the British government has already refused to issue or has cancelled 23 passports and has also revoked the citizenship of eight British citizens , according to the Office of Security and Counter-Terrorism . The British agency also underlines the threat posed by other European citizens who have traveled to Syria , who can freely travel around the European Union , including the UK , and who can also travel to the States without visas as they are from so-called "  visa waiver " countries . Statement from the family of David Haines According to the British government , 700 fighters have traveled to Syria from France ; 400 from Germany ; between 300 and 500 from Belgium ; 130 from the Netherlands ; over 100 from Denmark ; 100 from Austria ; 80 from Sweden ; and between 50 and 100 from Spain . The British government also estimates that 100 Canadians have left Canada to "  support or train with terrorist movements abroad . The majority of these are likely to be in Syria . " And it estimates that there are 60 Australians fighting in Syria and Iraq and about 100 Australian "  facilitators " helping to make this possible in Australia . This brings the total number of Westerners who have fought in Syria to between 2,620 and 2,870 , according to the British Office of Security and Counter-Terrorism assessment obtained by CNN , which is likely the most authoritative estimate yet . Despite the fact that the British government has identified the executioner of the two American journalists and of David Haines , it is not making his name public "  for operational reasons . " That 's because the only likely hope for the remaining hostages is some kind of rescue operation similar to the one that the U.S. Joint Special Operations Command mounted on July 4 , which did n't achieve its purpose because the prisoners had been recently moved from the location where they were being held in Syria . A rescue operation is a long shot , but at this point it may be the only real chance of saving the lives of the remaining hostages . David Cameron knows this -- and so does President Barack Obama .	ISIS executioner , tall man with London accent , has beheaded a third man , a UK aid worker Peter Bergen says British officials believe they know the identity of the killer A UK estimate puts the number of Westerners fighting in Syria at more than 2,600 Bergen : UK officials not releasing the name of the killer "  for operational reasons "
CareerBuilder.com  -- Have you ever looked at your boss and wondered "  Who promoted you ? " or "  How have you not been fired by now ? " If you have , take comfort in knowing you 're not alone -- many of us have to deal with bosses that seem in over their heads . The fact is , that while your inept boss may drive you nuts , it may not even be his or her fault -- or even the fault of your company for promoting your boss in the first place . Your unsuspecting employer had no idea that your boss would become a full-blown case of the Peter Principle in action . So who is Peter and what did he do to make your boss so frustrating , you ask ? Well , Laurence J. Peter is a former professor who published a satirical book based around his theory that "  In a hierarchy , every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence " and that "  In time , every post tends to be occupied by an employee who is incompetent to carry out its duties . " Or , basically : We do a job well , we 're promoted . We do that job well , we 're promoted again . This happens in succession until we eventually rise to a position that we can no longer do well -- or our level of incompetence . There , we either stagnate , revert back to a lower position , or are fired . While "  The Peter Principle : Why Things Always Go Wrong , " was originally meant to provide a sort of absurd-yet-true comic relief to the over-worked , the practicality and pertinence of the Peter Principle was not lost on the working world , and the theory has since become a hotly debated human resources phenomenon . Below three experts argue their side of the Peter Principle . CareerBuilder.com : Conflicting career advice : Which is right "  It 's true ! " -- Ric Morgan , professional speaker and author of "  The Keys : The Textbook to a Successful Life " "  I live in a city where one of the department heads  and the highest paid civic employee in the city  is the most incompetent person you 'd ever want to meet . Ever since he -LSB- took the job -RSB- it has been one disaster after another . He 'll hire someone to do a job for the city , and when they too prove to be incompetent , he hires someone else to cover his tracks saying that the last company was n't a good fit . This incompetence has cost the city millions of dollars , and yet he has the council members , the Mayor and city manager bamboozled , so they do n't fire him . -LSB- As a business consultant -RSB- , the minute I find the people who are living examples of the Peter Principle is the minute I find the problems in the company . This problem is so diverse and prevalent I have even seen examples of the founder of the company being a leading example of the Peter Principle . I know that sounds crazy , but they had two things going for them : an idea that was just too good to fail , and the ability to hire very competent people to make it all work . I have even , as crazy as this sounds , found people who are running or trying to start one-man shops . In this day and age of entrepreneurship , everyone believes they can start a business and make it succeed because they ` have the best idea that will make them overnight millionaires . ' Wrong ! It 's hard to look into someone 's eyes and tell them they are too incompetent to do what they have set out to do , even if they have been doing something similar in another place , where they had actually reached the level of incompetence espoused by Laurence . A lot people believe the Peter Principle applies to just business , but there are an awful lot of people out there who live it in all areas of their life . They are incompetent at life itself . We have all met people like this and we always wonder how they even exist . " CareerBuilder.com : How to self-promote without being obnoxious "  It 's false ! " -- Leigh Steere , co-owner , Managing People Better , LLC "  I personally do not believe in the Peter Principle . The field of neurolinguistic programming says that any behavior/skill can be learned . In other words , if a person does not already know how to do something , he/she can be taught . Sometimes , however , we have internal barriers to learning and achievement that keep us from growing intellectually and professionally . Limiting beliefs , such as ` I 'm not smart enough ' or ` I 'm not good at math , ' can keep people from attempting more complex challenges . This is not an issue of incompetence . It is an issue of limiting beliefs -- or an 'em otional intelligence ' gap . Stagnation , reverting to a lower position or being fired can result from a variety of 'em otional intelligence ' gaps . For example , some people have not adequately learned to read body language cues . They may press their point , even though it is clear listeners are becoming angry or defensive . They may bark orders at colleagues , unaware that listeners are bristling . They do n't adjust their communication to preserve rapport . One might argue that this is a form of incompetence . However , the Peter Principle seems to suggest that each person has a level of competence that he/she can not move beyond . I strongly disagree with this presupposition . Even the most bull-in-a-china-shop communicator can learn techniques for building rapport , resolving conflict gracefully , etc. . The issue is : is a person able to acknowledge their deficits and seek help . In some cases , employees are in such denial that they do remain stuck or they get fired ... until they finally ` get ' the message . There is an older book , ` Battling the Inner Dummy , ' that offers an interesting concept -- ` controlled trauma to induce transformation ' and offers this illustration : ` Boot camp ... can be thought of as an example of controlled trauma that is designed to foster traits like loyalty and obedience . ' Sometimes , an employer can stage a controlled trauma to help an employee move beyond a stuck place or overcome denial . For example , let 's say a star salesperson is running roughshod over co-workers by communicating curtly , expecting them to stay until midnight to finish tasks that could wait until the next day , etc. . An employer could pull the person aside and say , ` We appreciate your sales talent and all the business you have brought to our company . However , we are receiving numerous complaints from your colleagues about your communication style . We value you and want you to continue here . But this bullying communication style can not continue . We will pay for a coach to work with you on this if you would like to stay with our company . Otherwise , you will need to find employment elsewhere . ' If the salesperson accepts the coaching , he/she has an opportunity to move to a new level in his/her career . In contrast , the Peter Principle suggests this salesperson would hit a career ceiling . " CareerBuilder.com : A field guide to co-workers "  It depends ! " -- Marcia Reynolds , Psy.D. , author of "  Wander Woman : How High-Achieving Women Find Contentment and Direction " "  I have been a corporate trainer for 30 years . I do n't believe you can really measure the truth of the Peter Principle without analyzing the training the person has had for the position they have moved into , especially if it 's a promotion . With each promotion the person has to give up some of the things they have done before and take on new tasks , responsibilities and perspectives  including work values  . What they did before will not ensure their success in the present . However , if the person does n't get good mentoring , training and a manager who can support the shift , they are not given the tools to succeed . They could be competent if given the chance . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	The Peter Principle states that people work their way up at work until they no longer do well It is difficult to tell a boss or coworker that they are not competent enough for their job Some believe an incompetent boss might not have received adequate training
The sixth suspect in the gang rape and killing of a 23-year-old woman is a minor and will be tried in juvenile court , police said Monday . The 17-year-old boy , whose name has not been released , was arrested by police in December and accused of taking part in the December 16 assault aboard a New Delhi bus . Police said the suspects attacked the woman and her male companion on a bus , robbed them and dumped them by the side of the road . The woman was badly injured in the attack . She died two weeks later after being flown to Singapore for treatment . The man survived . The five adult suspects are being tried in a "  fast-track " court designed to bypass red tape . Hearings began last week , but details about what happens in court can not be reported under a judge 's ruling imposing restrictions on coverage of the case . The case has gripped India and led to calls for stricter laws on sexual assault and changes in cultural attitudes toward women in India , where most women have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets , according to the Indian Council on Global Relations .	Authorities say sixth India rape suspect is a juvenile The 17-year-old will be tried in juvenile court , authorities say Five adult suspects are being tried in a "  fast-tracK " court The 23-year-old victim died from her injuries
CNN  -- With the weather warming up , a thrilling spring is in full swing for avid readers . There are a slew of new titles hitting shelves in May and a few recent releases you may have missed ; from spies to private eyes , World War II history to werewolves and a new riff on Sherlock Holmes . For anyone looking to bury their nose in a good book at the park , pool side or on the front porch , here are five must reads for your consideration . ' A Delicate Truth ' by John le Carre To many fans of spy fiction , le Carre is king . Over the past 50 years , he 's elevated the espionage genre to an art form in classics like "  The Spy Who Came in from the Cold , " and "  Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy . " Now 81 , the British-born author has written his 23rd novel , "  A Delicate Truth , " which addresses the war on terror . The book begins with a top-secret mission , codenamed Wildfire . British and American agents are in Gibraltar to capture a jihadist arms dealer , but the covert op ends in "  an utter cock-up . " A conspiracy and attempt at a coverup soon follow . Longtime fans will already know that le Carre was a member of the British Foreign Service from 1959 to 1964 , and writes with absolute authenticity about the kinds of spy tradecraft his characters employ . "  A Delicate Truth " seems ready-made for the movies and not surprisingly , filmmakers are already working on a big screen adaptation . Le Carre himself appears in a stylized trailer for his novel that feels like a short film unto itself . Watch the trailer and read an excerpt from "  A Delicate Truth . " ` Red Moon ' by Benjamin Percy When it comes to horror fiction , vampires are so last year . The zombie craze is losing steam . Witches ? Please . Werewolves are where it 's at . Benjamin Percy , a contributing editor at Esquire magazine , takes lycanthropes to another literary level in his new novel , "  Red Moon , " turning the monster mythology on its ear . The story takes place in an alternate version of reality where being a werewolf is considered a disease , spread by a mysterious virus . While doctors search for a cure , the infected live alongside the general population , only as second-class citizens . They 're shunned , segregated and treated with mind-numbing drugs to keep from turning into monsters , full moon no longer needed . There 's a guerrilla war being fought overseas in the ancestral home of the beasts , not unlike recent history in Iraq and Afghanistan . Percy draws a pretty direct parallel with the war on terror , which comes to a head when a werewolf terrorist unleashes a bloody attack on a passenger plane . The sole survivor of the flight becomes one of several main characters readers follow throughout the book . There 's also a rebellious teen who 's the daughter of hippie werewolf parents , an Oregon politician running a rabid anti-werewolf campaign and an underground network of werewolf insurgents with plans to carve out their own corner of the country . If you enjoyed Justin Cronin 's apocalyptic vampire tale , "  The Passage , " then check out "  Red Moon . " It has a similar vibe and will appeal to readers looking for a tense , thrilling tale with some good grisly fun . Read an excerpt from "  Red Moon . " ` The Baker Street Translation ' by Michael Robertson I 'll admit it . I 'm a sucker for a good Sherlock Holmes story . Count me among the fans of the recent resurgence in Arthur Conan Doyle 's iconic detective -- Robert Downey Jr. 's Hollywood action-hero version , as well as the character 's modern re-imagining in the BBC 's "  Sherlock " and CBS 's "  Elementary . " That said , any Holmes fan would enjoy Michael Robertson 's fresh new take on the Holmes stories in "  The Baker Street Translation , " the latest in his series of books about the brothers of Baker Street . The concept is clever , Reggie and Nigel Heath are siblings who lease law offices at London 's 221B Baker Street , where they get mail addressed to the building 's best known , albeit fictional resident . There are fan letters and then a few pieces of correspondence from people who believe Holmes is real and need his help . By answering the more persuasive sounding appeals , Reggie and Nigel ca n't help but get pulled into their own cases , including a potential plot against a member of Britain 's royal family and a mystery that would even confound the famous fictional sleuth . Robertson 's characters are appealing , the story is light , fast-paced and thoroughly entertaining . For any Sherlockian , it 's elementary -- this series is not to be missed . Read an excerpt from "  The Baker Street Translation . " ` Angel 's Gate ' by P.G. Sturges Dick Henry , aka the Shortcut Man , is back in P.G. Sturges ' latest noir novel , "  Angel 's Gate , " a romp through the seamy underside of Los Angeles . For the uninitiated , Henry is an ex-cop turned fixer . If you have an unusual , even criminal problem , and you need to cut through the red tape , fast , call Dick . His solution may not always be moral , ethical , or legal but he gets the job done . That 's why he 's called the Shortcut Man . Sturges is the son of Hollywood legend Preston Sturges , the moviemaker behind such classics as "  Sullivan 's Travels . " Like father , son shares a love of quirky characters and screwball plots . Case in point -- in the book , Henry is hired by the sister of a young actress who disappeared years ago in Hollywood . His search for the missing girl takes him to the door of an aging and amorous movie mogul , who keeps a stable of starlets for some altogether unwholesome activity . The mystery goes even deeper with a fading movie star who has a dark secret , a missing screenplay , and a mysterious death on a yacht . There 's also a running gag about a foul-smelling ficus being passed around the characters in the story . While the subject matter is definitely adult , Sturges breaks the dark mood with some welcome humor . For readers who have n't yet met him , take advantage of this entertaining introduction to the Shortcut Man . Read an excerpt from "  Angel 's Gate . " ` Frozen in Time ' by Mitchell Zuckoff When it comes to riveting nonfiction , author Mitchell Zuckoff has a knack for finding fascinating but forgotten stories from World War II . His last book , "  Lost in Shangri-La , " recounted the true-life story of a U.S. military plane crash in the rainforests of New Guinea and how a small group of survivors , caught between enemy Japanese troops and a tribe of man-eating headhunters , were able to stay alive and are eventually rescued . Now in "  Frozen in Time , " Zuckoff takes readers to a much colder clime , Greenland 's Ice Cap , the scene of another crash and another amazing rescue . There 's plenty of bad luck to go around and three plane crashes in the new book . First , a U.S. Skytrooper cargo plane goes down in 1942 over Greenland , then a B-17 bomber crashes during the subsequent search and rescue mission and then a "  Duck , " a small amphibious plane also disappears looking for the downed airmen . That 's just the beginning of the story . The real struggle here is the nearly five months the crash survivors spent stranded on the ice , battling blizzards and sub-zero temperatures . Adding to the narrative , there 's also a connection to the present woven into the harrowing WWII tale . Nearly 70 years after the crash , Zuckoff , members of the U.S. Coast Guard and a group of polar explorers go back to Greenland looking for one of the original crash sites and a plane still believed to be buried under the ice . In both time periods , this is a truly suspenseful and thrilling American story of perseverance with a worthwhile payoff in the final pages . Read an excerpt from "  Frozen in Time . "	Catch up on the new fiction books available in May The pop culture focus on Sherlock Holmes continues with "  The Baker Street Translation " Spies and private eyes make comebacks Vampires are so last year -- get ready for werewolves
CNN  -- It 's official . Lewis Hamilton is Mercedes ' main man -- and the new Formula One world champion . After a rollercoaster eight months of intense competition with his Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg , the Briton captured a second world title with victory at the final race of the year in Abu Dhabi . The 29-year-old added the 2014 crown at the twilight season finale to the 2008 title he won with McLaren . The hyped desert duel between Hamilton and Rosberg failed to materialize when the German 's car lost power from its hybrid energy recovery system at the halfway stage of the race and his challenge fell away . Mercedes told Rosberg to retire his car because of "  too many problems " but he responded : "  I would like to go to the end . " As his title rival and teenage friend had to swallow a bitter defeat , Hamilton , who had passed Rosberg for the lead at the start , sailed to the checkered flag , winning his 11th race of the season -- and with it a second world title . "  Woo Hoo ! World champion , I ca n't believe it ! " an ecstatic Hamilton cheered over the pit to car radio on his victory lap . Keeping his swelling emotions under wraps , Hamilton did not take off his helmet as he hugged his family and girlfriend , American pop star Nicole Scherzinger , when he climbed out of the car . "  I 'm a bit lost for words really , " Hamilton beamed from the Abu Dhabi podium . "  This is the greatest day of my life . It 's really due to the people around me . 2008 was a special time in my life but the feeling I have now is way , way past that . "  It means even more than the first one . It feels like it 's the first time . " Before Hamilton joined the two Williams drivers of Felipe Massa and Valtteri Bottas , who had finished second and third , on the podium , Rosberg also came to hug it out with Hamilton . "  He just came into the room and said ` you drove really well ' " revealed Hamilton . "  Nico put on an incredible fight throughout the year . He was a phenomenal competitor . " Rosberg had held the championship lead until the fifth race of the season in Spain where a fourth victory for his British rival saw him take over at the top of the standings . It was a bittersweet homecoming for the two drivers at the next race in Monaco , the glamorous European principality where the pair both live in the same apartment building . Rosberg was accused and cleared of blocking Hamilton during qualifying and he went on to celebrate a victory on the streets of Monte Carlo . In Belgium , there was another flashpoint between the Mercedes teammates , who have been friends and racing rivals since they were teenagers . Rosberg collided with the rear of Hamilton 's car while battling to regain the lead and the resulting damage to his car ultimately put the Briton out of the race . From May to September , Rosberg held the championship lead but the pendulum swung back in Hamilton 's favor as , reinvigorated by the Belgium bust-up , he motored to the checkered flag in Singapore . The Briton ticked off victories in Japan , Russia and the United States to make it five in a row before Rosberg fought back at the penultimate race in Brazil to close the gap to 17 points . The desert denouement in Abu Dhabi awarded double points to the top 10 drivers with 50 points , instead of 25 , on offer for the race winner . The new rule gave Rosberg -- the son of 1982 world champion Keke Rosberg -- a tantalizing golden carrot as he chased a first world title of his own . But the final twist of a mesmerizing Formula One season , came not from the gimmick of double points but from Mercedes ' own making . The mighty Mercedes engine that had driven the fierce rivalry between the two championship rivals proved to be Rosberg 's undoing . At the halfway stage of the race , he radioed in to report his car was losing power . The team confirmed his hybrid car 's energy recovery system -- which is worth 160 British horse power for around 33 second per lap -- was no longer working . Rosberg tried to stay positive and manage his race . Asked by reporters in Abu Dhabi if he ever gave up on the title he said : "  I still believed in it for a long time as there was the possibility Lewis would have a problem . "  I was still pushing on the last lap and that 's why I wanted to finish the race . " The German crossed the line in 14th , his lowest finish of the season aside from two retirements in Britain and Singapore . Hamilton won the title by 67 points but even without the bonus of double points his championship victory would have been emphatic . The tense tale of competition between the two Mercedes drivers gave a thrilling narrative to the 2014 F1 season , which saw the introduction of major rules changes focused on engine technology . Both drivers will have undoubtedly learned something from their see sawing mano a mano contest through 19 races around the globe . "  He was the best on the grid this year and I came very close , " Rosberg acknowledged to reporters in Abu Dhabi . "  To be able to fight with Lewis has been great . "  To be up against him , the level was incredibly high and so I also had to find and deliver the next level . I 'm very proud . " Friends at last ? The teamwork between the two Mercedes drivers ensured the Silver Arrows marque won its first ever team title with three races to spare . An 11th one-two finish in Brazil saw the team also break the previous record for the most one-two finishes in a single season set by fierce McLaren rivals Ayrton Senna and Alain Prost in 1988 . "  This has been an incredible year , " said Hamilton . "  I just can not believe how amazing this has all been . "  The decision to come here , when a lot of people said it was the wrong choice . The steps we took last year and then coming into this year , it was just unbelievable . " Speaking of his relationship with Rosberg , Hamilton added : "  It 's been so intense between us all year long . "  Without a doubt we 've had a friendship that we built a long , long , long time ago , so that will always be there . "  Perhaps things naturally will ease up a little now . I know what it 's like losing a championship so , for sure , we 'll keep working at it . " As the sun set on the 2014 season , Hamilton prepared to have dinner with his family and girlfriend , who had surprised him by flying into Abu Dhabi on Sunday morning . But the world of F1 moves fast and even for the new world champion and the runner-up there is little pause to digest what has been achieved or what might have been . The preparation for the Mercedes title defense loom large . Hamilton said he will have a seat fitting for the 2015 car next week while Rosberg takes part in the end of season test .	Lewis Hamilton wins the 2014 Formula One drivers ' championship for Mercedes The 29-year-old took the crown by 67 points from his teammate Nico Rosberg Rosberg 's car lost power at the halfway stage of the Abu Dhabi race and he finished 14th It is the second world title for British racer Hamilton who also won the 2008 title with McLaren
New York  CNN  -- Enjoy hypocrisy ? This past weekend you could glut the appetite . On Monday , Israeli ships stopped a flotilla carrying materials that could be used for war , including cement that Israel maintained could be used to build bunkers , to Hamas-ruled Gaza . The crew of one boat resisted violently , triggering a firefight in which nine people were killed , most of them Turkish nationals . Turkey is protesting vigorously . But , question : Turkey is a NATO ally , an applicant to the European Union . What is it doing allowing its nationals to smuggle cement that could build bunkers ? Especially when those nationals belong to a group , the Turkish IHH  Insani Yardim Vakfi  that Israel has designated a terrorist organization ? The flotilla departed from Turkish-occupied northern Cyprus . Turkey 's occupation of half of Cyprus is deemed illegal by the European Union and the United Nations . If the government of Turkey feels so strongly about ending disputed occupations , why does it not start with the disputed occupation it is operating itself ? The flotilla followed a breathtaking Friday at the United Nations . The 189 signatories of the Nuclear Proliferation Treaty agreed on a final list of resolutions for a safer world . The nuclear threat from Iran ? Unmentioned . Instead , the NPT resolution targeted -- what a surprise -- Israel . Shamefully , the Friday resolution was joined by the United States . Yes , the Obama administration issued a statement at the same time that "  deplores the decision to single out Israel " and also "  the failure of the resolution to mention Iran . " The administration deplored -- but it signed . The Obama administration 's signature marks an abrupt departure from previous U.S. policy . Since the 1960s , the United States has accepted Israel 's nuclear arsenal on condition that Israel not threaten its neighbors . Israel has more than met that condition . In 1973 , Egypt outright invaded Israel , in full confidence that Israel would not go nuclear so long as Egypt stopped short of attacking Israel 's cities . It 's important to understand that Israel  like India and Pakistan  has never signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . So Israel 's nuclear force violates no commitments or pledges : unlike , say , the nuclear programs of Syria , Libya , Iraq and Iran , to name just four of the Middle Eastern countries that have been caught violating the NPT . Iran by contrast is violating the NPT . Iran is the world 's leading state sponsor of terrorism . And Iranian leaders have threatened to use the nuclear weapons they are seeking to annihilate Israel . On Monday , the International Atomic Energy Agency reported that Iran has accumulated enough nuclear material for two bombs , when fully enriched . And the latest round of U.N. sanctions will do nothing to stop that bomb , because they omit the most crucial measures : • A ban on exports of gasoline to Iran  Iran now imports half its gasoline • Measures to sever Iran 's central bank from the global payments system The measures adopted by the Security Council last week are not only toothless , but they even contain a loophole legalizing the sale of Russian air defenses to Iran , the better to protect nuclear facilities from action by the United States or Israel . OK , so maybe it is not news that the U.N. system is hypocritical and useless . What is news is this : The Obama administration has broken with 40 years of precedent and has affixed its signature to a document suggesting that it is Israel 's weapons -- not Iran 's -- that ought to be priority No. 1 in the Middle East . And now , post-flotilla , the Obama administration stands in danger of being drawn into the attempt to open Hamas-ruled Gaza to military-capable imports , and to force Israel to engage in some kind of negotiation with Hamas . Former Ambassador to Israel Martin Indyk , who is close to Obama administration thinking , outlined in the New York Times Monday the contours of just such a deal : "  The administration needs to work on a package deal in which Hamas commits to preventing attacks from , and all smuggling into , Gaza . In return , Israel would drop the blockade and allow trade in and out . " It 's a pretty thought . Pro-Hamas groups did not go to the trouble of organizing a flotilla of supplies that could be used for war in order to end smuggling of war material into Gaza . Nor are pro-Hamas groups seeking to ship the material into Gaza in order to thwart future attacks on Israel . Rebuilding Hamas ' bunkers is not a step toward peace . But as with the Obama administration 's joining the anti-Israel resolution at the United Nations on Friday , followed by after-the-fact explanations that Israel had nothing to fear , so the Obama administration is now being drawn into another anti-Israel action , again cushioned by assurances that , "  This is for your own good . " Monday morning , ABC 'S Jake Tapper reported an unnamed administration official promising "  no daylight " between the United States and Israel . But the same administration official who promised "  no daylight " also told Tapper : "  The president has always said that it will be much easier for Israel to make peace if it feels secure . " Meaning : first we soothe you , then we squeeze you ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says Gaza flotilla was carrying war materials Turkey 's criticism of Israel ignores Turkey 's occupation of northern Cyprus , he says New U.N. non-proliferation resolution targets Israel but ignores Iran threat , Frum says
CNN  -- Despite all the clatter about what 's inside the new PlayStation 4 console , games were in the forefront of everyone 's mind during Wednesday 's Sony launch event . What titles can I play ? What will they look like ? And when can I play them ? Only a handful of games were actually showcased during the event in New York . But Sony said nearly 150 developers are committed to making games for the PS4 , so the lineup will continue to grow throughout the year . Wednesday 's event brought some startling revelations , such as Blizzard bringing its "  Diablo 3 " from PCs to consoles and SquareEnix teasing a new "  Final Fantasy " game announcement at E3 this year All of these games are being made for the PS4 , and some are also being made for the PlayStation 3 because of lack of backwards compatibility for the new console . It will be interesting to see how much consumers will transition from the old box to the new one if these new games are still being produced for the PS3 as well . Here are five upcoming games  in no particular order  that looked especially promising . Release schedules are still vague . ` Knack ' Presented by lead system architect Mark Cerny as his own vision of games for the PS4 , "  Knack " showed off the graphical capabilities of the new console and its ability to manipulate many objects on the screen at once . The game follows the exploits of Knack , a robot-like being with a talent for summoning surrounding objects to change its shape and acquire new abilities . The animation looks like something from Pixar or Dreamworks , but the gameplay appears more in line with a "  Jak and Daxter " title . It looks cute and family friendly . ` Killzone : Shadow Fall ' Developed to appear to the hardcore gamer , "  Killzone : Shadow Fall " is the fourth installment in the violent "  Killzone " shooter series . This chapter takes players back into interplanetary battle against the Helghast menace . Based on the trailer , the gameplay takes place in a futuristic urban environment with lots of sparkle and shine . Early glimpes of the game show smooth-looking animation , persistent effects and plenty of action . This "  Killzone " looks on the surface like a standard shooter game , but the stunning graphics on the PS4 may be enough to raise it to a higher level . ` Watch_Dogs ' "  Watch_Dogs " was first previewed at last year 's Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  to rave reviews . But it 's console functionality was unclear -- until Wednesday night . Set in an alternate version of Chicago , the action-adventure game lets you assume the role of a rogue vigilante who hacks into computer systems to track down and eliminate criminals . A live demo showed off the many ways a player can interact with his surroundings and other characters . The action , and the protagonist 's movements , appear to be organic and free flowing . It looks like an open-world environment , although I wonder how much the story will drive where you go . ` The Witness ' This indie puzzle title has drawn great interest from fans . Was it the game 's intriguing quietness during a launch event filled with fireworks ? Was it the serene , inviting tropical-island environment , filled with bright colors and soothing music ? Creator Jonathon Blow , who also made "  Braid , " said his team worked hard to eliminate repetitive action in a game that will take 25 hours to complete . Given the critical success of the similar "  Journey " last year , this game should do very well . ` Deep Down '  working title "  Deep Down " really showed off what the PS4 engine can do . Its new trailer details a showdown between medieval humans and a fire-breathing dragon in a subterranean lair . The battle scenes were intense , and the sword-toting dungeon crawlers moved realistically as rubble rained down on them . In a twist , the game paused during a particularly tense scene as a player sent a note to a friend asking for help . I 've not seen this kind of action and detail on any console game before -- is this the future of gaming ? Was there a title you were hoping to see during Sony 's event ? What impressed or disappointed you about the games presented ? Tell us in the comments below .	Sony previewed a handful of games at its PlayStation 4 launch event Wednesday "  Knack " is about a being with a talent for summoning surrounding objects to change its shape "  Killzone : Shadow Fall " is a shooter game that may benefit from the PS4 's stunning graphics "  The Witness , " an indie puzzle title set on a tropical island , has drawn great interest from fans
CNN  -- Syria 's two-day Internet blackout was "  a mental war " inflicted by the government , an opposition activist said Sunday as service to the country was largely restored . "  So far , all areas that had Internet service before Thursday are connected , " said Alexia Jade , a spokeswoman for the opposition Damascus Media Office . While Internet access is back , theories and concerns abound on what caused the outage . It also sparked fears that the government is stepping up efforts to quash the uprising by crushing the flow of information and isolating the country from the outside world . "  It appears to be back to normal , but it is impossible to tell if filtering or monitoring technology was installed during the outage , " said Matthew Prince , CEO of CloudFlare , an Internet security company . Global monitors said the country lost contact with the Web on Thursday , plunging into an Internet black hole . Syria 's information minister said "  terrorists " cut the cable , knocking out Web communication with other countries . The government uses the word "  terrorists " to refer to rebels in the ongoing civil war , and blamed them for a car bombing near a mosque in Homs that killed 15 people and wounded 24 others Sunday . Syria caused Internet blackout , security firm says According to state-run media , a car bomb in Barzeh killed three people . Syrian TV also showed graphic pictures of bodies in a field and reported 21 rebels were killed as they tried to smuggle weapons into Talkalakh , a town near the border with Lebanon . The military also carried out operations in Aleppo , state-run media said . At least eight rebels died in Aleppo when they were bombed by warplanes as they attacked Syrian military positions , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The group claimed the Syrian military also bombed targets in Damascus and Reef al-Raqqa . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said at least 173 people were found dead in Syria on Sunday . More than 42,000 people have died in the Syrian conflict since the uprising began in March 2011 , according to opposition activists . CNN can not confirm claims by the government or the opposition because of government restrictions that prevent journalists from reporting freely within Syria . During the Syrian rebellion , anti-government fighters have routinely used the Web to transmit bloody images , including what they say are military attacks on civilians . Rebel leaders accused the government of creating the blackout to hide its mass killings from the outside world . "  The regime knows that Internet is the main communication method for us , " Jade said . "  Taking that down is almost like blinding the normal Internet users related to the revolution . " Opposition : Fierce fighting closes Damascus airport for second day Internet and cell phone coverage were restored Saturday to most Syrian provinces , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The same day , state media reported the Internet and communications lines were back in service in Damascus and its suburbs , blaming the outage on a malfunction in the main grid . A Web security expert said the outage was almost certainly the work of the Syrian government . Prince said his firm 's investigations showed that all four Internet cables linking Syria to the outside world would have had to been cut simultaneously for a whole country outage to occur . As winter nears in Syria , people are being forced back to restive neighborhoods Al-Sakhour is on the frontlines of the Syrian civil war and is the last place most civilians want to be . But the streets are getting cold , and people are low on cash . So going home was the only option for about one-third of the residents of this Aleppo community and others nearby . For the children , gunfire is so frequent it has become background noise . One 12-year-old girl tells CNN Senior International Correspondent Arwa Damon that she hardly notices anymore . Some children even collect the shell casings they find in the streets . The Syrian military wants to retake al-Sakhour because a road important to the insurgents runs through the neighborhood , which was one of the first to be controlled by rebels . It is now a bloody battle for the streets and one vital road to Aleppo airport . There are bodies on the roads . People try to retrieve them , only to be shot at by snipers . There are other dangers . One father shows his right arm , which he says was shot as he shielded one of his daughters at a checkpoint . A woman pulls Damon aside and grimly tells her "  I 'd rather die than live like this . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Salma Abdelaziz , Faith Karimi , Samira Said and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Woman tells CNN she 'd rather die than live in war-torn neighborhood "  So far , all areas that had Internet service before Thursday are connected , " opposition says The outage sparks fears that the government is stepping up efforts to quash the uprising The government has blamed "  terrorists " for the blackout
CNN  -- When Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland of Ohio hits the campaign trail before Election Day , you might want to listen , because the outcome his re-election bid could have a direct impact on you -- even if you do n't live in his state . The number crunchers at Election Data Services estimate that next year , Ohio is going to lose two seats in the U.S. House of Representatives . It 's up to the Ohio state government -- including the governor -- to decide which House members will go : Democrats or Republicans . Imagine if , 10 days from now , the Republicans win control of the House , but by only a one-seat majority . Republican John Boehner becomes speaker . But if a Democrat holds the governor 's mansion in Ohio , he could insist that when his state loses two seats , both must be in districts held by Republicans . That means just through redistricting in Ohio alone , the Democrats could take back control of the House . That would affect your life , because everything from education policy to health care and taxes goes through the House , and which party is in control makes a big difference . The balance of power could hinge on who gets elected governor in states far from yours . The scenario painted above is highly unlikely -- in part because Republicans will probably retain control of the Ohio state Senate , and they would force a compromise with their governor . But there 's more to this chess game . Ohio is n't the only state that stands to lose seats , and other states will win seats . Texas , for example , is poised to gain four seats . Republicans control the legislature in Austin , and there 's a tight race for the governor 's office . Florida stands to gain two seats through redistricting . Republicans control the legislature in Tallahassee , and there 's a close contest in the gubernatorial race . New York is likely to lose one seat . Democrats control both state houses , and a Democrat is poised to win the governor 's mansion . In all , 18 states will gain or lose representation in the House of Representatives , totaling a change of 24 seats . In most states , it 's all up to the legislature , and the governor vetoes or approves the map . Some states have a different process to try to minimize political games , but that 's hard . "  If one party has complete control of the process , they will tilt the table to their favor , so their state will be more likely to elect Democrats or Republicans for entire decade , " until redistricting begins again , explains George Mason University professor Michael McDonald , an expert on the process . Imagine another scenario : On Election Day , Democrats eke out a win and retain control of the House by five seats . But Democrats lose governors and state legislative races across the country . Once redistricting happens next year , those elected state officials could wipe out the Democrats ' majority by adding seats Republicans will control and eliminating seats Democrats are certain to control . Democrats in Congress would lose their majority because of politicians elected in a state you 've never even visited . Sound unfair ? The redistricting process is required by the U.S. Constitution to ensure that every member of the House has an equal population district . It 's the main reason we conduct a Census every 10 years , so we can rebalance districts based on where people are living . These new district lines last for 10 years , until the next census . When a state has to change even one seat , all the districts in the entire state stand to be redrawn . Remember , every district has to have population of equal size . That means the whole deck is reshuffled . There are clever ways to draw districts to ensure that one party or another is all but certain to win there . "  A long time ago , people figured out you could do more than rebalance populations so politicians can manipulate the boundaries to their favor , " McDonald said , adding that manipulation for political gain is ingrained into our politics . "  This is what 's called gerrymandering . So the party that controls a state can tilt the balance of power in Washington , D.C. " The origin of "  gerrymandering " The list of states that will gain or lose seats is released in December . But Election Data Services crunched the preliminary census numbers and estimates that the following states will see changes . Texas will gain four seats , Florida will gain two , and Arizona , Georgia , Nevada , South Carolina , Utah and Washington will each gain one . Ohio and New York will lose two seats , and Illinois , Iowa , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , New Jersey and Pennsylvania will each lose one .	Governors play a big role in the redistricting process Theoretically , redistricting could cause a shift in the balance of power This year , 18 states are expected to gain or lose representation in the House When a state has to change just one seat , the districts in the state stand to be redrawn
Iowa  CNN  -- The day did not start well . Lightning , thunder and torrential rain poured down over Bloomfield , Iowa , where I had come to watch a civil war reenactment . In 1864 , here in Davis County , the Confederates made one of their most daring and northerly guerrilla raids of the war . Each year , enthusiasts from the Unionists and Confederates remember that battle . Amtrak train : No better way to connect with U.S. voters I have chosen to leave Amtrak 's California Zephyr train in Iowa , because this swing state is in play -- with President Barack Obama and Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney jockeying for the lead . While Iowa 's six Electoral College votes may be few , at this stage of the campaign every one counts . And Iowa has split the last 10 elections five to five Republican and Democrat  although more Democrat since 1988  . Crucially it has voted for the winner in seven of those ten races . This swing state could be a barometer of the way other swing states are trending . So I am at the battle ground , watching the men and women dressed in period costumes and waiting for the storms to subside  they will fight in the rain , but holding metal tipped muskets in the air is too dangerous with lightning  . The attention to detail is impressive . Honest Abe 's 19th century wisdom for 20th century problem The players each have individual characters and play them with gusto , rarely coming out of role . One soldier would only answer me as if we were still in 1861 . Another believed Abraham Lincoln had the right answers for today too . With muskets set aside , it soon became clear why this is a swing state . A Unionist soldier said it was only now that people like him were really focusing on their choices . His Confederate rival bemoaned the deceit in the campaign , which made it hard to know who was telling the truth . And the civil war nurse , tending to her potions and lotions , admitted it was hard to know who was best . American Quest begins in Obama country At the core of the election , all agreed , was the role of government in America . Getting government "  out of our lives " was the constant refrain . Government had gone too far , they believed . "  A return to the Constitution " was needed I was told , again and again . There needed to be more respect for individual freedoms . "  Government " was the problem , not the solution . Nowhere was this more crystallized than on the issue of gun control . I would hardly expect men and women running around the Iowa countryside brandishing civil war weaponry to favor stricter gun laws , but they believed their "  right to bear arms , " enshrined in the second amendment , was under threat . Although neither candidate has really taken up the issue of gun control , here there was a stronger anti-Obama tone . Romney was the candidate of choice . Amish life : An America without sound bites This "  role of government " theme is now at the heart of the election . It permeates all issues : Economic : Should the government have rescued the banks in 2008 ? Social : Is it the government 's business to legislate on marriage ? In commerce the phrase I keep hearing is , "  get government off the backs of business , " and in issues seen as highly personal , the refrain is "  that 's none of the government 's damned business . " Americans seem to want everything and nothing from their government at the same time . It is the great contradiction of this country , which makes covering its elections so fascinating . It is perfectly displayed on this civil war field in the views of the soldiers and their families . The U.S. election : The world looking in In this battle both sides agreed to let the Confederates win , as they did in 1864 . Tomorrow it will be the Unionists ' turn to enjoy victory . I guarantee that the election for Iowa 's six electoral votes will see no such gentlemanly agreement . They will be fought for with the passion , but thankfully , not the violence of their predecessors . I wo n't be here to see Unionist victory . I have a train to catch . The horn of the California Zephyr is calling and Colorado is a night ride away .	CNN 's Richard Quest is in Davis County , where in 1864 the Confederates made one of their most daring raids of the war He is in the U.S. as part of American Quest , a series on the election airing from October 29 Quest stops in Iowa because it is a swing state which often votes for the election winner Quest finds the "  role of government " theme is at the heart of the election , permeating all of the country 's issues
CNN  -- The Democratic Republic of Congo is in line to get billions of dollars in debt relief , World Bank officials said , cutting the amount the nation owes by more than 80 percent . International Monetary Fund and World Bank boards released a statement Thursday supporting $ 12.3 billion in debt relief for the central African nation . Congo received $ 11.1 billion in relief under the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative and $ 1.2 billion under the Multilateral Debt Relief Initiative , the organizations said in a statement . Congo qualifies for the relief because it has made efforts to strengthen its economy and resume good governance despite years of conflict , according to the Washington-based organizations . "  Progress in each of these areas also sets a solid foundation for advancing the country 's development agenda going forward , " said Brian Ames , the nation 's mission chief for the International Monetary Fund . Congo marked 50 years of independence on Wednesday . The nation remains one of the world 's poorest countries despite abundant natural resources such as copper and cobalt . Conflicts , mostly over natural resources , rage on in some regions . Violence , disease and famine have killed at least 5 million people in the past 12 years , leaving the country grappling with a humanitarian crisis . CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Relief cuts Congo 's debt by more than 80 percent Congo marked 50 years of independence this week Nation is rich in resources such as copper and cobalt It remains one of the world 's poorest
CNN  -- Tunisian referee Slim Jdidi , the man whose performance came close to overshadowing Burkina Faso 's astonishing fairytale passage into the final of the Africa Cup of Nations , was suspended by the Confederation of African Football on Thursday . Jdidi 's officiating during the Burkinabe 's semifinal victory over Ghana has been heavily criticized after he made a number of questionable decisions . Chief amongst those was the 117th-minute sending off of Jonathan Pitroipa for simulation , despite the forward quite clearly being fouled inside the Ghana penalty area . Burkina Faso fairytale ready for one last chapter While Burkina Faso eventually prevailed 3-2 on penalties following a 1-1 draw , all the talk after the game centered on Jdidi 's failure to award a legitimate penalty , his decision to disallow a valid goal and the red card he issued to Pitroipa . "  We would have expected a better standard , " Confederation of African Football  CAF  secretary-general Hicham El Amrani told a media conference . "  There is a meeting tomorrow  Friday  to discuss the Pitroipa incident . " The Burkinabe are also hopeful that Pitroipa will have his suspension overturned , although that depends on whether Jdidi admits to the error in his match report . "  The organizing committee does not have the power to change the referee 's decision unless the referee admits he made a mistake in his official report , " said El Amrani . Super Eagles ' end Ivory Coast 's AFCON hopes Burkina Faso 's team manager Gualbert Kabore confirmed that the team had appealed against Pitropia 's suspension and insists there is a good chance the forward will be available for Sunday 's final against Nigeria . Kabore told AFP : "  The Burkina Faso Football Federation wrote an official letter of appeal to CAF  competition organizers  . "  We lodged it in the two hours after the match as stipulated by the regulations . "  We think we have a good chance of winning the appeal . "  There were some scandalous decisions , we do n't know why , we 're asking lots of questions , there are lots of theories . "  Curiously , the players reacted better than us  the team management  . They said if the referee is against us that must mean we are the stronger side . "	Tunisian 's referee Jdidi Slim suspended by Confederation of African Football Thursday Jdidi was heavily criticized following his performance during Burkina Faso vs Ghana semifinal Official failed to award two penalties , disallowed a valid strike and sent off Jonathan Pitroipa Burkinabe hope to win appeal against Pitroipa red card Friday
CNN  -- It 's Manning vs. Manning , Eli vs. Peyton , New York Giants vs. Denver Broncos . Less brother in arms more grappling brothers . This weekend the NFL 's most high-profile sibling rivalry is reignited , as two brothers who first played football together in their New Orleans front yard go head-to-head in the big league . But do n't expect any animosity between the two Super Bowl-winning quarterbacks . "  I 'm proud of Peyton , he 's proud of me and we 've worked hard to get to this point and into the NFL , " younger brother Eli , 32 , told CNN as his Giants prepare to welcome Peyton 's Broncos on Sunday . "  We support each other and we want each other to play well each year . Just seeing him before the game , shaking his hand and just talking for those few minutes are special moments , that 's what you 'll remember down the road . " The brothers have met on two previous occasions , when Peyton was playing for the Indianapolis Colts in 2006 and 2010 . Peyton beat his little brother on both occasions . But Eli has won most when it counts . He has two Super Bowls rings , one more than his big brother . Caught in the middle at MetLife Stadium will be their parents . When both your boys are going toe-to-toe , who do you cheer for ? "  I think they 'll just root for offense , a high-scoring game , " replied Eli . "  Both quarterbacks did everything they could but something happens where one team loses but it 's still some sort of moral victory , if that exists . " The two brothers had contrasting results in week one of the NFL regular season . The Broncos beat the Baltimore Ravens 49-27 , while the Giants went down 36-31 at the Dallas Cowboys .	Eli Manning and Peyton Manning play against each other for the third time Eli 's New York Giants play older brother Peyton 's Denver Broncos Peyton beat Eli twice while playing for the Indianapolis Colts Eli has two Super Bowl rings , compared to Peyton 's one
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Six people , including two children , died Saturday morning after a volcano erupted on an island in south-central Indonesia on Saturday , government officials reported . Mount Rokatenda erupted at 4:27 a.m. Saturday  5:27 p.m. Friday ET  , spewing ash clouds of up to 2000 meters from its peak , said Indonesian National Disaster Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho . The volcano is located on the island of Palue , in East Nusa Tenggara province . Nugroho said the victims died in a cloud of ash released by the volcano , and those clouds were still being reported hours after the initial eruption . Indonesia 's volcanology agency ordered people to stay at least 3 kilometers  2 miles  away from the summit . Palue is more than 2,000 kilometers east of Jakarta , Indonesia 's capital . The island has about 10,000 residents . Indonesia is located on the "  Ring of Fire , " an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . The last major eruption in the country was in October 2012 , when the Mount Lokon spewed fresh lava and ash in northeastern Indonesia . CNN 's Kathy Quiano-Castro reported from Jakarta ; Stephanie Gallman reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Mount Rokatenda was still spewing clouds of ash late Saturday Its early-morning eruption left six dead , including two children , Authorities have ordered people to stay more than 3 km away from the summit
CNN  -- African art has long been about more than just tribal masks and traditional carvings , and now contemporary African artists are being recognized globally . The Johannesburg Art Fair recently showcased the works of 400 African contemporary artists , attracting more than 10,000 visitors . Organizer Ross Douglas told CNN there had been an explosion of interest in African art in recent years . "  Africa has always had a strong tribal art and a strong craft component , and that will always stay , he said . "  But that does n't mean there ca n't be a contemporary market existing alongside that , and if you look in South Africa at the contemporary market in the last four or five years , it 's absolutely exploded . "  If you look at the number of young black artists doing well , making a living , it 's extraordinary . Five years ago it just did n't exist . " But the attention being bestowed on contemporary African art is a relatively new phenomenon . Auction house Bonhams says its New York sale last month was the first commercial auction dedicated solely to contemporary African art in the United States , and it says the UK 's first auction only took place last year . While auction house Phillips de Pury 's Africa art sale and exhibition will take place on May 15 in New York . The sale will include works of contemporary art , photographs , design and editions which reflect the spirit of the continent . Somali sisters journey from civil war to New York fashionistas Giles Peppiatt , director of African art at Bonhams , said these kinds of sales were still too rare . "  In some ways it 's remarkable -- here we are in 2010 and this is the first auction of its type in New York , " he told CNN . "  It 's never been done before . Actually I was very surprised by that , " But he says he 's not surprised by the growing interest in African art . Bonhams says the auction has generated considerable buzz . Prince Yemisi Shyllon , who has an extensive collection of Nigerian art , was one of those in attendance . Shyllon told CNN , "  I do n't promote Nigerian art in terms of the value . I promote in terms of the benefits and the joy it can confer to the world . " But monetary value is unavoidable at an art auction . About half of the 140 pieces at the Bonhams auction sold , with prices ranging from $ 1,000 to $ 92,000 . The value of African art could increase as international interest develops and the buying pool expands . "  At the moment the majority of the collectors are people who have an interest or contact with Africa , " said Peppiatt . "  We are n't yet seeing these people buying these works without that connection . "  Look at the other markets -- no one buys a van Gogh because he 's Dutch or because the buyer 's Dutch . It does n't matter where the artist was born or what nationality he was . But I think with the African art it still does matter . It has n't yet broken into the international market . " Ghana 's beads back in vogue While the rest of the world is catching up with African art , the artists themselves continue to push artistic boundaries . South African Lawrence Lemaoana was one of the artists exhibiting at last month 's Johannesburg Art Fair . His work is all about challenging the traditional . "  I look at the ideas of stereotypes , and the idea of men sewing and the idea of how that 's a feminine activity ... -LSB- and ask -RSB- how do we subvert that into something that 's really not feminine ? So I am sewing and I am making artwork that 's quite edgy , " Lemaoana told CNN . "  Artists are not limited to painting and traditional ways of making art . There are other possibilities of speaking a language and finding new and innovative ways of communicating . " Nkepile Mabuse , Isha Sesay and Mark Tutton contributed to this report	Market for contemporary African art has exploded in the last five years , says expert U.S. held its first auction of contemporary African art last month Artists at Johannesburg Art Fair are pushing the boundaries
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama is poised to restore the United States ' image in the international community , but experts say the president-elect must show the world that his actions will live up to his rhetoric . People in Kisumu , Kenya , celebrate the election of Barack Obama . Receiving a warm welcome is not the same as maintaining one , and Obama has a lot of work to do to improve the U.S. brand . America 's image has declined in nearly every region of the world in recent years , but Obama 's victory "  enables the United States to start again with a clean slate , " according to John Quelch , the senior associate dean at Harvard Business School . "  Americans can actually go to dinner parties and cocktail receptions around the world today and not have to apologize for the United States the way they have had to do the last several years , " he said . "  The election has made life a little bit easier for Americans living and traveling abroad to hold their head up high again . " The United States ' tarnished reputation has been fueled by a combination of factors , including opposition to U.S. policies like the war Iraq and alleged torture and abuse of prisoners , the perception of hypocrisy , unilateralism , and the perceived war on Islam , according to a congressional report released in June . Obama represents a "  clean break " from the past , and his election is the first big step toward change , said Dick Martin , author of "  Rebuilding Brand America . " "  Changing America 's standing in the world was going to be the work of a generation , and it would have to start with some kind of grand gesture that demonstrated that things were changing . His election in itself is that kind of grand gesture , " he said . Throughout the election season , Obama was largely well received across the globe . More than 200,000 people came to watch his speech in Berlin , Germany , in July , according to police estimates -- and it was n't because they 'd read his book or memorized his policies . "  It was because they all felt that he was the incarnation of change and they admired him . They had an emotional connection , " Martin said . When Americans voted for Obama on November 4 , citizens around the world celebrated his resounding win . People in cities and villages danced and cheered in the streets , and Kenya declared the day after the election a national holiday . In China -- where the media is state-run and domestic stories are almost always the top stories -- newspaper headlines read "  First Black President of the United States . " When President Bush was elected for his second term , the cover on the U.K. 's Daily Mirror read , "  How can 59,054,087 people be so dumb ? " The day after Obama 's victory , the paper 's cover read , "  GOBAMA ! " While the reaction around the world was mostly positive , some areas have been more hesitant to embrace Obama . The day after the election , IslamOnline published an article titled , "  Pakistanis Skeptical About Obama . " In the months before the election , a survey by the Pew Research Center suggested little enthusiasm for Obama or Sen. John McCain in the Middle East , especially in Muslim nations . But in general , people across the world have reacted with joy to Obama 's election because they are looking forward to the end of the unpopular presidency of Bush , said Robin Oakley , CNN 's European political editor based in London . "  The arrival of Obama , as an African-American president , gives people a reason -- an excuse even -- to start loving America again , " Oakley said . But with expectations so high , experts say Obama will have to work to capitalize on the opportunity before him . "  Obama needs to show that he is prepared to listen to America 's allies , to consult with them genuinely on issues like Afghanistan and climate change , to open up to new thinking about Iran and Cuba , to re-shape the world 's economic institutions , " Oakley said . The biggest thing Obama could do to reshape U.S. foreign policy would be to capture Osama bin Laden , Quelch said . "  For eight years he dodged George Bush and I think President-elect -LSB- Obama -RSB- has been pretty strong in terms of indicating his determination to secure bin Laden , " he said . If that were to occur , Quelch said , "  the U.S. could then in a sense close that chapter in its history and perhaps reopen dialogue with many parts of the Arab world that the relentless pursuit of al Qaeda and the Iraq war have closed off in the last few years . " Obama must also bring a greater level of professionalism to the selection of the ambassadors he appoints , Quelch said . "  I think previous administrations have not served U.S. overseas interests and image that well by in some cases appointing cronies who have n't even set foot in the country to which they were appointed before they were named as ambassadors , " he said . Martin said that most importantly , Obama must listen to what the international community wants if he wants to restore America 's reputation . "  The number one thing the people hold against us is that we do n't appear to take their interests into account , " he said . Closing Guantanamo , adhering to the Geneva Conventions and eliminating torture are key issues for people around the world because they are the symbols of American unilateralism , Martin said . Martin also suggested that Obama take a page out of President Eisenhower 's playbook and give the rest of the world an opportunity to experience American culture through an agency like the now-defunct United States Information Agency . In addition to exposing the rest of the world to U.S. culture , Obama should also make sure young Americans are citizens of the world . Martin recommends education reform , with an emphasis on world history and language classes . "  They think we are clueless , they absolutely think we are clueless , and in many cases we are , " pointing to a 2002 National Geographic study indicating that nearly a third of young Americans could not locate the Pacific Ocean . Alessio Vinci , CNN 's Rome bureau chief , said that if the president-elect wants to change the world 's view of the United States , "  Obama has to be Obama . " "  Obama 's support in Europe is pretty much based on the fact that most people on this side of the Atlantic are fed up with the Bush administration , not with America as a nation , " he said .	People around the world celebrated the election of Barack Obama The United States ' reputation has been on the decline in recent years Obama must address issues like Guantanamo , Geneva Conventions , Martin says Capturing Osama bin Laden would reshape U.S. foreign policy , Quelch says
CNN  -- World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka is facing a race against time to be fit for the U.S. Open after succumbing to the frenetic schedule of women 's tennis . The Belorussian was forced to withdraw from the Montreal Cup with an injury to her left knee midway through the first set of her opening match against Tamira Paszek on Thursday . With just 17 days until the start of the competition at Flushing Meadows , the Australian Open champion 's hopes of adding to her sole grand slam triumph look slim . The 23-year-old reached the semifinals of Wimbledon last month , before going on to compete at the London 2012 Olympics where she won bronze in the singles and gold in the mixed doubles on Sunday . The workload has taken its toll on Azarenka , who will now also miss next week 's Cincinnati Masters event . "  The last week took so much energy out of me that I had absolutely no time to recover , and my body is feeling it , " she told reporters . "  It was a little bit too quick of a transition for me to come and start the training , and I felt my knee just was n't in good shape . "  It 's unfortunate because I was really looking forward to playing here . I have really enjoyed being here . I tried yesterday and today it just got worse . I ca n't see the point of continuing to play if I ca n't give even 50 % of my game . " Azarenka , who has never made it past the fourth round at the U.S. Open , said she needs rest and recuperation if she is to line up in New York later this month . "  I hope it 's a short-term thing . I have to just stop and take a little bit of time off because I had absolutely no rest for a long period of time . I just need to settle it down and go from there . Hopefully there 's nothing serious about it , " she said . "  If I can not play here , there is no chance for me to play anywhere else . My first goal is to get healthy and make sure I 'm 100 % ready to play the U.S. Open . " The hectic schedule claimed another victim when world No. 2 Maria Sharapova also pulled out of the WTA Tour event in Cincinnati . The French Open champion , who was defeated in the Olympic final by Serena Williams , missed Montreal due to a stomach virus . The Russian hopes to recover in time for the U.S. Open , which she won in 2006 .	Victoria Azarenka is struggling for full fitness after heavy schedule this season Australian Open champion will also miss next week 's Cincinnati Masters Belarus star is hoping to make it past fourth round at Flushing Meadows for first time Second-ranked Maria Sharapova withdraws from second consecutive event due to illness
CNN  -- Joan Rivers did n't consider herself to be one of the boys . And for that , we can be grateful . Over the course of her nearly 50-year career , Rivers rummaged through , flipped over and laughed at all the facets of being a woman -- from the '60s - era pressure to marry to the reality of aging in a youth-obsessed business -- without ever succumbing to the expectations of what a woman stand-up comedian was "  supposed " to sound like . "  Every woman in comedy is indebted to her , " Amy Poehler , "  Saturday Night Live " veteran , said upon Rivers ' death Thursday at the age of 81 . "  She was there at the beginning and funny to the end . " Joan Rivers dies at 81 The path Rivers helped carve leads us straight to female stand-up powerhouses such as Kathy Griffin , Sarah Silverman and Amy Schumer , all of whom are as fearless in their humor , and whom they direct it toward , as Rivers was . But when Rivers began her stand-up career in the late '50s , that brazenness was unheard of -- for women , at least . "  I was talking about having an affair with a married professor and that was n't a thing a nice Jewish girl talked about , " Rivers told author Yael Kohen in Kohen 's book , "  We Killed : The Rise of Women in American Comedy . " "  I was talking about my mother , desperate to get my sister and me married . I was talking about my gay friend Mr. Phyllis , and you just did n't talk about that . It sounds so tame and silly now , but my act spoke to women who were n't able to talk about things . " Initially , Rivers wanted to be an actress , and took up temp work while she pursued her goal . But when a fellow secretary pointed out that she could get paid for all the jokes she was landing around the office , Rivers tried her hand at comedy . "  I had no idea what I was doing . The white men were doing ` mother-in-law ' and ` my wife 's so fat ... ' jokes , " Rivers recalled in a 2012 Hollywood Reporter essay . "  When I went onstage , that just did n't feel right . So I just said , ` Let me talk about my life . ' " Rivers : A pointed , pioneering comedian She was n't alone : George Carlin , Woody Allen and Bill Cosby -- classic comedians who were then on the rise -- all mined their personal lives for laughs . But although they were "  coming up at the same time " as she was , and had similar instincts about humor , Rivers still did n't quite fit in . "  I never was one of the guys , " Rivers wrote in THR . "  I was never asked to go hang out ; I never thought about it until later . They would all go to the Stage Delicatessen afterward and talk . I never got to go uptown and have a sandwich with them . So , even though I was with them , I was n't with them . " And maybe all the better for it . Once she got her big break in 1965 on Johnny Carson 's "  The Tonight Show , " Rivers made a name for herself as a woman who would talk frankly and freely about what that meant . The female body , her sex life , the politics of dating and relationships -- everything was fair game , and she saw no need in putting anything delicately . A 1967 appearance on "  The Ed Sullivan Show " might seem dated with its references to the single life , but Rivers ' indignation at the disparity between men and women is righteously honest  and , honestly , not that out of place with today  . "  The girl has to be the one that 's bright , and pretty , and intelligent , a good sport -- ` Howard Johnson 's again , hooray , hooray ! ' " Rivers sarcastically pantomimed to the audience 's delight . "  It just kills me ! A girl , you 're 30 years old , you 're not married , you 're an old maid . A man , he 's 90 years old , he 's not married , he 's a catch . It 's a whole different thing , is n't that so ? " she asked , as the audience applauded . Joan Rivers : Hollywood mourns a friend That chatty style made Rivers an obvious pick for her own talk show , and she proved it as Carson 's guest host and frequent stand-in on "  Tonight . " It was there , as one People magazine critic proclaimed , that she could be "  the bitchy queen of late night whose humorous bark left bite marks . " After shifting perceptions through Carson 's show , Rivers stepped out on her own in 1986 with "  The Late Show Starring Joan Rivers . " The program only lasted for eight months , but it nonetheless broke the rules ; Rivers was the first woman to command her own late night talk show , and is still to this day one of the few women who 've broken into late night TV 's notorious boys club . "  You have to be extraordinarily strong without them seeing you be that , " Rivers told CNN of her experience in late night in 2013 . "  You 're a lion tamer . You have to be in total command , but you still have to be feminine , and you still have to be funny , and you still have to be inquisitive -- it 's a very tough thing , and it 's tough for women because you do n't expect a woman to take control . Still . " But they are . From Chelsea Handler , who 's ending a top run on E! to build something new at Netflix ; to Schumer , who just earned her first Emmy nod for her Comedy Central show ; to media titans like Ellen DeGeneres and Whoopi Goldberg -- the women who followed Rivers have n't all been as controversial , but they have all shown traits of her dogged persistence . Opinion : Joan Rivers gave misfit girls a permission to dream Kathy Griffin is perhaps one of the most shining examples . Like Rivers , Griffin has a talent for nailing celebrities to the wall with a smile , while simultaneously flaying herself . Nowhere was that more evident than her Emmy-winning reality show , "  Kathy Griffin : My Life on the D-List , " a self-deprecating examination of how Griffin was trying and failing to climb the Hollywood ladder . It 's not hard to imagine that if Rivers had been born a few decades later , she would 've made a similar show .  After all , Rivers kept working hard right up until her passing , starring in reality shows with her daughter , Melissa , and gleefully torturing celebrities on E! 's "  Fashion Police . " Reflecting on Rivers in the comedian 's 2010 documentary , "  A Piece of Work , " Griffin summed up the late legend 's impact thusly : "  Much in the way that Phyllis Diller paved the way for her , " she said , "  I would n't be doing this if it was n't for Joan . "	Joan Rivers helped break the mold for women in comedy She got her start speaking "  to women who were n't able to talk about things " During her stand-up , she spoke frankly about being a woman The following generations of women comedians have thanked her for opening doors
CNN  -- A shopper in Northern Ireland may have gotten more than she bargained for when she reportedly discovered a chilling note stuffed in a pair of pants she purchased from European retailer , Primark . Scrawled on a yellow piece of paper and wrapped around what appears to be a prison identification card , was a message claiming to be from an inmate at a Chinese prison making clothes for export under conditions of slave labor . "  We work 15 hours every day and eat food that would n't even be fed to pigs and dogs . We 're  forced to  work like oxen , " the handwritten note said in Chinese . The message appealed to the international community to "  condemn these human rights abuses by the Chinese government . " Tip of the iceberg ? Karen Wisinska , who lives in Northern Ireland 's Fermanagh county , said she bought the pants for about Â # 10  $ 16  on a trip to Belfast in 2011 , but left the garment in her closet -- unworn -- after she discovered the zipper was broken . She only found the note when she retrieved the item while packing for a holiday last week , she said . After getting a rough translation of the note , Wisinka sought help from Amnesty International , an organization that has documented the use of forced labor in Chinese detention facilities in the past . "  I was shocked to find this note and card inside the trousers from Primark and even more shocked to discover that it appears to have been made under slave labor conditions in a Chinese prison , " she told Amnesty . "  I am only sorry that I did not discover the note when I first purchased the clothing -- then I could have brought this scandal to light much earlier . " Amnesty International 's Northern Ireland program director , Patrick Corrigan , described the story as "  horrific . " "  It 's very difficult to know whether it 's genuine , but the fear has to be that this is just the tip of the iceberg , " Corrigan said . Investigation underway Primark denied sourcing clothing made using forced labor in a statement Wednesday , noting the "  considerable time delay " since the garment was purchased . A spokesperson for the company said that particular line of pants was last sold in Northern Ireland in October 2009 . "  We find it very strange that this ... has come to light so recently , given that the trousers were on sale four years ago , " he said . Since 2009 , the company 's ethical standards team has carried out nine inspections of the supplier who made the garment , and found no prison or forced labor of any kind , the statement said . Despite the company 's suspicions , the spokesperson said Primark "  knows its responsibilities to the workers in its supply chain , " and has started a detailed investigation . The company is also examining two other cases that have surfaced in Wales in recent days . On two separate occasions , women reportedly found desperate pleas sewn into labels on dresses purchased from the same Primark store in Swansea . One read "  Forced to work exhausting hours , " while the other said , "  Degrading sweatshop conditions . " Primark said the circumstances surrounding the incidents were suspicious , since the labels looked very similar and the two garments were on sale around the same time , but they were made in two different countries , "  many thousands of miles apart . " The budget retailer was among a group of international brands that sourced from factories in Bangladesh 's Rana Plaza building , which collapsed in April 2013 , killing more than 1,000 workers and injuring 2,500 others . The company said it has paid over $ 12 million in aid and compensation to to support the victims of the disaster . Forced labor in China It 's not the first time western consumers have found distressing notes allegedly from abused workers in detention in China . In 2011 , a woman in the United States found a letter in a mix of broken English and Chinese inside a Halloween decoration purportedly from a inmate who made the object under abusive conditions . Last year , CNN tracked down a Chinese man who claimed he wrote the note , along with more than a dozen others , while at a labor camp in northeastern China . Sears , the company that owned the store that sold the item , said it found "  no evidence " that production was subcontracted to a labor camp during its investigation into the case , but added it no longer sourced from that supplier . Until recently , China used hundreds of labor camps to detain petty offenders without a trial , under what was known as the laojiao -- or "  re-education through labor " -- scheme . The system was criticized by human rights groups as a means to silence so-called trouble makers , including political dissidents , activists and Falun Gong members . In November last year , Beijing said it would begin to close the camps . But Amnesty International has since warned that while the laojiao camps have been shut , research suggests that authorities have expanded the use of other forms of arbitrary detention such as "  black jails , " enforced drug rehabilitation clinics and "  brainwashing centers " to take their place . CNN could not reach the Xiang Nan prison in China 's Hubei province , where the note found in Northern Ireland allegedly came from . The facility houses around 5,000 inmates , according to China 's justice ministry . CNN 's Dayu Zhang and Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	Woman in Northern Ireland finds note in garment , allegedly from Chinese prisoner Two other cases involving the same retailer have been reported in Wales in recent days Primark is investigating all three incidents , but says circumstances are suspicious Amnesty has documented prison labor camps in China in the past
CNN  -- When Neil Armstrong became the first man to set foot on the moon , he uttered unforgettable words . But the next visitor to roam the lunar landscape may send back e-mail instead . One of the teams competing in the Google Lunar X Prize is considering this rover concept for the mission . Welcome to a new kind of space race , where the earthly guest will be a machine and the goal is as much exploration as seeking out new business ventures . The quest is part of the Google Lunar X Prize , which will put $ 20 million into the hands of the first privately funded team that can land a rover on the moon ; have it travel on the surface for 500 meters or more ; send back data , photos and video ; and do it all by December 31 , 2012 . The prize drops to $ 15 million after that date and goes away altogether after 2014 . One of the main requirements is to have as little government involvement in the project as possible . "  We believe that space should be open to anyone and everyone , especially those people who want to go , " said Becky Ramsey , the X Prize Foundation 's director of communications for space projects . "  The government has accomplished amazing things ... but we think that we can do it less expensively . " The idea grew out of conversations between X Prize Chairman Peter Diamandis and Google co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page . "  We thought it would be a good fit , " said Tiffany Montague , technical program manager at Google and the company 's main representative for the Google Lunar X Prize . "  Many of us here are interested in space as a hobby , or we came from space backgrounds . " Google , which is paying the main prize purse -- $ 30 million total , including bonus prizes -- hopes the competition will result in education , "  interesting new content " and inspiration , she added . "  What I think this prize is really about is inspiring young minds and inspiring the global population to compete for a dream , " Montague said . ` Garage bands ' of space exploration There are 13 teams officially competing in the race , but the X Prize Foundation expects that number to grow to about 25 . The multinational lineup includes Americans , Italians , Romanians and a "  mystery team , " which can hide its identity until July 20 , 2009 , under the rules . See photos of the teams and their rover concepts " The competitors include university scientists , business people , engineers , robotics experts and even students . Ramsey said all of the teams are considered serious contenders , but not all of them are expected to be able to complete the task . "  I liken our teams to the garage bands of the space exploration world , " she said . "  These are the people who have a dream , who have a passion , who have the knowledge and ability and the drive , and they think they can do this . So we 're giving them the opportunity . " The teams face a number of daunting tasks , including figuring out how and where to launch , designing a craft that can complete the journey and making sure it can execute a required "  soft landing . " "  The craft has to alight on the moon a little like you 'd expect an insect or a bird to land here on Earth , and it means that you ca n't impact or crash into the surface at high speed , " said Red Whittaker , chairman and CEO of Astrobotic Technology , one of the teams competing for the prize . Once they land , the rovers must be ready to cope with extreme conditions . Whittaker listed a vacuum environment , radiation , temperature extremes and soft terrain as some of the special challenges of the lunar landscape . Expensive mission Another big obstacle is the money . Reaching for the moon -- literally -- is an immensely pricey endeavor , and the mission is likely to cost much more than the $ 20 million first prize , a fact the sponsors freely recognize . "  I think what 's important to keep in mind is that this is an incentive prize and is not meant to cover the costs of development , " Montague said . "  Instead , it is meant to be a catalyst to shake up industry and inspire breakthrough . " To help finance their plans , the teams are seeking out investors , partners and sponsors . Celestis , a company that launches cremated human remains into Earth 's orbit , recently announced that it has reached an agreement with two of the teams , Astrobotic and Odyssey Moon , to carry human ashes to the moon . NASA could also be a customer for the teams , whose craft could carry scientific payloads , Ramsey said . The agency believes that there 's potential for collaboration , but there 's nothing formal in the works , said David Steitz , a spokesman at NASA headquarters in Washington . He added that NASA is giving a thumbs-up to the competition . "  We 're excited about anyone who 's excited about space . We do n't claim to have a monopoly on exploration , " Steitz said . The business of the moon Many of the teams regard the race as just the start of a long-term business plan . Astrobotic envisions a dozen lunar missions , scouting sites and offering payload services to businesses and governments , Whittaker said . Odyssey Moon CEO Robert Richards said his team also plans to keep coming back . "  We are absolutely committed to an enduring presence on the moon , " Richards said . Watch Richards demonstrate rover designs " "  If we do n't win the prize , we will certainly cheer those who do , and we will continue with our efforts to provide a permanent , established mechanism for humanity to reach the moon in a very frequent and cost-effective way . " But with so much money at stake , would it be possible for anyone to fake the mission in order to win the Google Lunar X Prize ? Both Ramsey and Montague insisted that could not happen . " -LSB- The teams -RSB- have to file a mission plan with us , " Ramsey said . "  They have to send back images and video from the moon . I do n't think in this day and age that it would be possible to fake this signal coming back . "	Google Lunar X Prize goes to the first team that can land a rover on the moon by 2012 Rover must travel on the lunar surface for at least 500 meters , send back images There are 13 teams officially competing in the race ; number is expected to grow The mission will probably cost much more than the $ 20 million first prize
CNN  -- Elon Musk wants to revolutionize transportation . Again . The serial entrepreneur envisions a future where mag-lev trains in enormous pneumatic tubes whisk us from Los Angeles to New York in 45 minutes . Need to be in Beijing tomorrow ? No problem . It 's a two-hour ride away . As crazy as it sounds , Musk is merely updating an idea that 's been around since the early 1900s , and at least one company is working on a functional prototype . But according to Wired sources , his involvement wo n't be nearly as hands-on as Musk 's other endeavors at Tesla Motors and SpaceX . The engineering behind the Hyperloop is similar to the old-school pneumatic tube systems used by banks to suck your deposit to the teller at the drive-through . But naturally , it 's more complicated than that . A massive vacuum tube -- mounted either above ground or even under water -- would be combined with a magnetic levitation system used on conventional bullet trains . That means no friction , no wind resistance , no chance of collisions , and insanely high speeds . Musk described the Hyperloop as "  a cross between a Concorde , a railgun and an air hockey table , " at AllThingsD 's D11 conference earlier this year . And in an interview with PandoDaily , Musk said the Hyperloop could form a fifth tent pole of modern transportation , joining cars , planes , trains , and boats , adding that because of its low energy usage and ability to get juice from solar power , it could generate more power than it would consume . But up until now , he has n't elaborated on his involvement . Musk 's interest in the idea was sparked after researching California 's new high-speed rail project and realizing that it will be the slowest and -- at $ 70 billion -- the most expensive system on the planet . To his mind , there 's a better solution . The Hyperloop is it . And one firm unaffiliated with Musk is in the early stages of development . ET3 , a company based in Longmont , Colorado , is working on a Evacuated Tube Transport  ETT  system , which it describes as "  space travel on Earth . " It uses two tubes -- one for each direction -- with 400-pound , passenger car-sized capsules that could house six people , each accelerated by linear electric motors . According to ET3 , state trips would average speeds of around 370 mph , while international trips would hit that insane 4,000 mph mark . The company , which calls itself an "  open consortium , " claims that it 's working with partners in China and has sold nearly 100 licenses for the technology . But ET3 ′ s claims pose more questions than answers , particularly when considering you can buy your own license for the bargain basement price of $ 100 . But the idea for a vacuum-sealed high-speed transit system is n't anything new . The "  vactrain " concept was floated in the early 1910s and a paper written by physicist R.M. Salter and published by the Rand Corporation in 1972 titled the "  Very High Speed Transit System , " or VHST , describes something very similar to what ET3 is developing . But where Musk fits in remains a question . Sources close to the Tesla co-founder and CEO say he believes ET3 is on the right track , but is missing some key components , and that Musk has his hands full with Tesla and SpaceX , and would rather have some involvement in the development , with another entity taking the helm . That lines up with a few responses Musk made on Twitter when asked about patenting the technology . "  I really hate patents unless critical to company survival , " Musk tweeted . "  Will publish Hyperloop as open source . " When asked about partners , Musk said he 's "  happy to work with the right partners . Must truly share philosophical goal of breakthrough tech done fast & w/o wasting money on BS . " We 'll have to wait until August 12th to find out more . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Elon Musk wants to revolutionize transportation with high-speed trains in enormous pneumatic tubes Such trains could theoretically whisk people from Los Angeles to New York in 45 minutes A Colorado firm is in the early stages of development of such a system Musk is the serial entrepreneur behind Tesla , the electric car company , and Space X
CNN  -- President Barack Obama recast the U.S. fight against terrorism as no longer a "  boundless global war " but a targeted effort to dismantle specific extremist networks . He said America was at a "  crossroads " and should no longer see it as a "  self-defeating " perpetual fight , but one that must at some point end , "  like all wars . " Obama said "  the core of al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan is on a path to defeat , " but its affiliates elsewhere pose dangers . He also touched on new overseas and homegrown threats , and explained publicly the use of drones against terror suspects overseas . Obama : U.S. will keep deploying drones -- when they are only option He renewed his push to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and also sought to calm criticism around his administration 's investigation of national security leaks . Obama , ` troubled ' by leak investigations , asks for review He even paused his prepared remarks to take on a woman in the audience from "  Code Pink " who interrupted him several times in open disagreement . Obama interrupted "  I think that the , and I 'm going off script as you might expect here ... . the voice of that woman is worth paying attention to , " Obama said to applause . "  Obviously I do not agree with much of what she said and obviously she was n't listening to me in what I said but these are tough issues and the suggestion that we can gloss over them is wrong . " Here are five things we learned from the speech : 1 . Using drones are OK , but ... The Obama administration for the first time revealed Wednesday that drones had killed four American citizens since 2009 . Obama used the speech to more definitively explain the U.S. policy on the use of lethal force and sought stricter review of its use . Still , he said drones were both legal and effective to combat terrorists , and added that Americans overseas who wish to do the United States harm were fair game , in the most extreme cases . "  When a U.S. citizen goes abroad to wage war against America -- and is actively plotting to kill U.S. citizens ; and when neither the United States , nor our partners are in a position to capture him before he carries out a plot -- his citizenship should no more serve as a shield than a sniper shooting down on an innocent crowd should be protected from a SWAT team , " Obama said . He said ordering strikes is a heavy burden , but added that "  to do nothing in the face of terrorist networks would invite far more civilian casualties . " Obama said he is asking his administration to review proposals to extend oversight of lethal actions outside of war zones that go beyond reporting to Congress . CNN 's senior political analyst Gloria Borger says Obama defends the use of drones . "  But he also really acknowledged that it can be overused , even by a president , and that you can not just depend on drones for your national security . " 2 . I was n't kidding about closing Gitmo ... When he was first elected in 2008 , Obama vowed to shut down the military detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , also known as Gitmo . But in the years since , Congress has enacted significant restrictions on the transfer of detainees from the prison that made its closure impractical . And , as costs of running the facility balloon and detainees wage hunger strikes protesting their imprisonment , the administration has quietly dialed back the intensity of the push to shut down the facility . But that changed Thursday . "  The original premise for opening GTMO -- that detainees would not be able to challenge their detention -- was found unconstitutional five years ago , " said Obama . "  In the meantime , GTMO has become a symbol around the world for an America that flouts the rule of law . " He called on Congress to "  lift the restrictions on detainee transfers from GTMO , " appointed a special envoy to "  achieve the transfer of detainees to third countries , " and lifted the moratorium on detainee transfers to Yemen , where 56 of Gitmo 's 86 detainees are from . At Guantanamo , a costly confinement Daily life at Guantanamo : Hunger strikes , sprays of filth 3 . No leaks , but there 's that freedom of the press thing ... Obama has come under fire for recent investigations into leaks by his Justice Department where phone records were seized from reporters and editors at The Associated Press and a Fox News reporter was labeled in a Justice Department affidavit as "  potentially being an ` aider and abettor and/or co-conspirator ' " to the crime of disclosing secret information . Justice Department tracked Fox News reporter 's e-mail , movements So he used the speech to try to quell criticism for those intrusions . "  As commander-in-chief , I believe we must keep information secret that protects our operations and our people in the field , " Obama said . "  But a free press is also essential for our democracy . I am troubled by the possibility that leak investigations may chill the investigative journalism that holds government accountable . " "  Journalists should not be at legal risk for doing their jobs . Our focus must be on those who break the law , " he added . He vowed to push for a federal shield law for journalists and convene a group of media organizations to review existing guidelines about investigations that involve reporters . 4 . A new term brings a new policy Obama clearly used the speech to redefine U.S. policy on the so-called "  war on terror , " acknowledging that where once the battle was fought on foreign soil , the threats have moved . "  Now make no mistake : our nation is still threatened by terrorists . From Benghazi to Boston , we have been tragically reminded of that truth . We must recognize that the threat has shifted and evolved from the one that came to our shores on 9/11 . With a decade of experience to draw from , now is the time to ask ourselves hard questions - about the nature of today 's threats , and how we should confront them . " "  From our use of drones to the detention of terrorist suspects , the decisions we are making now will define the type of nation -- and world -- that we leave to our children , " Obama said . "  I was listening to a president who was saying to us , ` Let 's get beyond where we were when I first took office , and let me tell you how my thinking has evolved since I 've been president of the United States , ' " said CNN 's senior political analyst Gloria Borger . "  He said , ` We must define the nature and scope of this struggle or it will define us . ' " But Obama will face opposition as he attempts to shift U.S. policy . "  Both on drones and on Guantanamo , he 's going to get some pushback , " said Borger . 5 . Free speech also means ` you listen ' A loud woman interrupted the president several times during his speech , calling on Obama to close the Guantanamo Bay facility . But the president was talking about just that when he was interrupted . "  You are commander-in-chief -- you can close Guantanamo today , " she yelled . "  It 's been 11 years ! " Obama stopped in the middle of his remarks and shot back . "  This is part of free speech , is you being able to speak but also you listening and me being able to speak , alright ? " Obama said . The woman was identified as Medea Benjamin , a co-founder of the protest group Code Pink and was later escorted out of the building and released . Photos : The face of Code Pink Later , he even tweaked his closing line to incorporate the heckler in the audience . "  Victory will be measured in parents taking their kids to school , immigrants coming to our shores , fans taking in a ballgame , a veteran starting a business ; a bustling city street , a citizen shouting their concerns at a president , " he concluded . CNN 's Kevin Liptak , Elise Labott , Chris Lawrence , Barbara Starr and Dan Merica contributed to this report .	Obama says America at "  crossroads , " and fight against terror must be more targeted He defends the use of drones against terror suspects overseas Obama makes new push to close Guantanamo Bay detention facility in Cuba Woman interrupts speech , urged Obama take action on "  Gitmo "
CNN  -- Extensive traveling is something that comes with the job for Dimitri Panayotopoulos . Over the last few weeks , the vice president of Procter & Gamble 's global business units has flown to every continent , minus Antarctica , overseeing the consumer giant 's operations across the world . His round-the-globe trips included a stop in South Africa , where he announced an investment of about $ 170 million to create a new manufacturing hub for the consumer goods giant 's markets in Southern and East Africa . The new P&G plant , which is expected to create over 500 jobs , will manufacture a range of products , including detergents and feminine hygiene goods , for local and export markets . Construction is set to begin next year while operations are expected to commence in 2016 or early 2017 . Read this : ` Africa 's tallest building ' set for $ 10 billion tech city The investment comes as part of P&G 's global drive to tap the growing opportunity of developing markets , where a huge population base , coupled with an emerging middle class and a steadier economic environment , offer a potentially lucrative mix . "  We are in Africa because of the size , " Panayotopoulos said . "  It 's about a billion people , that 's the size of China and India for example , just under , and the population is growing , the economies are getting more and more stable , so huge opportunities here , " he added . Read this : ` China can transform Africa ' Rob Davies , South Africa 's minister of trade and industry , welcomed the news of the construction of the new P&G factory , saying that the investment was "  a further example of confidence by leading manufactures in the future of South Africa . " As the continent 's biggest economy , South Africa is a key market for P&G , whose portfolio of products includes consumer stalwarts such as Tide , Gillette and Pantene . The company , which built in 2009 a manufacturing plant for Pampers nappies in Johannesburg , has been in the country since the mid-1990s and says that its brands serve more than half of South African households . Read this : ` Western diseases ' drive pharma boom in Africa But while Panayotopoulos concedes that P&G has been a bit late in tapping other African markets , he says the group is increasingly looking to expand to other parts of the continent and reach its one billion potential customers . "  We have businesses in Nigeria , in Kenya , Uganda , Tanzania -- we are going to go to Angola , Ethiopia , " says Panayotopoulos . "  We want to be in every country , " he adds . "  In the last 10 years we 've gone from about 20 % of our business being in emerging markets to about 40 % . Obviously there is a huge upside ; this is where the babies are being born , where more and more consumers are getting ready for our products , so it 's really taken off in the last few years , last 10 years for us . " Read this : Is Africa much richer than we think ? Panayotopoulos says that emerging markets , especially the BRIC countries -- Brazil , Russia , India , and China -- are currently driving demand for P&G and other consumer goods groups . "  Africa is also very relevant and is very similar to the BRIC markets too , " he adds . Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	P&G is planning to build a new manufacturing hub in South Africa P&G exec says there are huge opportunities in African markets About 40 % of the company 's business is in emerging markets , he says
Beijing  CNN  -- President Xi Jinping 's campaign to punish corrupt Chinese officials has hit its biggest target . Zhou Yongkang , 71 , who used to be one of the most powerful Communist Party politicians in China is now under investigation for corruption . For now , it is an intra-party investigation , a first step down a path that could lead to a criminal trial . The questions remain : Will Zhou 's case be handed over to the criminal courts ? Will there be a public trial ? Many China watchers knew this was coming . There had been rumors that Zhou and his followers were being investigated . In fact , hundreds of senior party officials , state-company managers , and minister-level bureaucrats have been charged or are under investigation . Many of them are Zhou 's protÃ © gÃ © s , political allies , and close relatives . We 've seen a spate of anti-corruption purges since Xi came to power in 2012 . But surely Zhou is the most senior party official to be put under investigation , even though he 's now retired . Before he formally stepped down from his government posts in March 2013 , he was in charge of China 's security apparatus -- the police , the courts , the prosecutors , and the secret dossiers . The fact that the announcement of Zhou 's investigation did not make a huge destabilizing impact in China shows that the public has been prepared for it , or the public has been made to believe that corruption is so pervasive amongst senior part officials that it is no longer shocking . Possible fallout Corruption is a scourge in many countries , but it is especially rampant in China . Communist Party leaders have often acknowledged that corruption is so endemic that , in Xi 's words , "  Corruption could lead to the collapse of the Party -LSB- Communist Party of China -RSB- and the downfall of the State -LSB- People 's Republic of China -RSB- . " Some 182,000 officials were disciplined in 2013 , while courts nationwide tried 23,000 corruption cases , according to the Communist Party 's disciplinary commission . By targeting Zhou , Xi is showing his resolve to target not only "  flies "  minor officials  but also "  tigers "  senior officials  . Xi is also breaking an unwritten rule that no member of the politburo standing committee , current or retired , is to be prosecuted . He 's trying to show that there is no sacred cow that will be spared of punishment . But the question is : what will be the fallout ? One possible scenario would be the destabilizing effect within the Communist Party , especially among senior officials who may think they could be the next targets . Is this move politically motivated simply to get rid of Xi 's real or potential political enemies , and if so , could that trigger panic or destabilization within the Communist Party leadership ? Another fallout of the anti-corruption campaign is amongst ordinary Chinese . While the campaign is popular amongst the masses in general , some Chinese are feeling hurt by it . Some are complaining that many fringe benefits that they used to get on the grassroots level -- such as annual bonuses , occasional dole-outs of foodstuff , group working meals -- have now been suspended by local officials who are afraid of being accused of misusing funds as these are grey-area expenses , or public expenditures . One local official in Beijing told me that even civil servants like him are complaining about this : "  Unless we are given legitimate salary increases , we are losing out to inflation and to undistributed fringe benefits . Our standard of living is slipping , and we are losing badly if this goes on longer . " These are just some of the unintended consequences of an otherwise popularly supported anti-corruption campaign . The "  sunshine law " Of course , the biggest casualty of the ongoing campaign is the reputation of the Communist Party . Put simply , the party 's image is tarnished with each case lodged against a high-profile official . Will these periodic hunts for "  flies " and "  tigers " fundamentally clean up China of graft and corruption ? Some analysts inside and outside China doubt it . They believe that unless and until Xi pushes for systemic reform of the political and social system , corruption will remain endemic . Such a reform , they say , would entail measures that will institutionalize transparency and accountability within the system , including the Communist Party , the government , in business , and in people 's daily lives . They believe that , for example , much of the official graft can be curbed if China can institute a system whereby the salaries , assets , and liabilities of officials -- and their spouses and children -- are declared every year and are made public . Since the 1990s , China has been deliberating drafts of a so-called "  sunshine law " precisely to achieve that goal . Some provinces and a few ministries have reportedly been following such a system on a "  pilot " basis . But over the years , such disclosures have been kept within the Communist Party , with no public access , which defeats the purpose . True reform Another institutional change needed is an independent judiciary and an independent anti-corruption body , which can dispense justice fairly , free from control and interference of the Communist Party and other vested interests . Otherwise , the Communist Party will remain the accuser , investigator , prosecutor and judge , rolled into one . Just as important , China needs to have a robust and independent media that can scrutinize officials ' behavior and blow the whistle when they sniff corruption . Some are already doing that , but at the risk of official retribution or censorship . China must encourage and protect the whistleblowers , instead of intimidating or jailing them . All these measures can help create an institutionalized "  check-and-balance " to curb corruption . The Communist Party Politburo met a few days ago to put forth its collective approval for the decision to investigate Zhou Yongkang . The group also decided that the 350-strong Central Committee will meet in Beijing in October . At the top of the agenda is how to promote the rule of law . And that shows the quest for a clean Chinese government and a clean Communist Party that is governed by the rule of law , remains a work in progress .	Zhou Yongkang became the most senior official to be ensnared in China 's anti-corruption campaign Are other senior officials worried that they may become the next target ? True reform will take a lot more than laying graft charges on individuals
CNN  -- A Penn State assistant football coach who reportedly told Joe Paterno in 2002 he witnessed a young boy being sexually assaulted in a shower wo n't be at Saturday 's Nebraska game because of "  multiple threats , " the university athletics website said Thursday night . A graduate assistant at the time , Mike McQueary told a grand jury he had witnessed former defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky , now 67 , assaulting the boy at the campus football complex . Questions over how university officials responded to reports of alleged abuse cost coaching legend Paterno and university President Graham Spanier their jobs . McQueary has been criticized for not calling police , but he has not faced any legal charges . According to a grand jury report , the graduate assistant entered a locker room on a Friday night in 2002 to stow away some sneakers . "  As the graduate student entered the locker room doors , he was surprised to find the lights and showers on , " the grand jury report stated . "  He then heard rhythmic , slapping sounds . " The assistant looked into the shower and "  saw a naked boy ... whose age he estimated to be 10 years old , with his hands up against the wall , being subjected to anal intercourse by a naked Sandusky , " the grand jury report stated . Read the indictment  PDF   warning : graphic content The graduate assistant reported the incident to Paterno , who in turn alerted Athletic Director Timothy Curley , Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly said earlier this week . Kelly said the alleged failure of Curley and Gary Schultz , the university 's senior vice president for finance and business , to report abuse claims to authorities "  likely allowed a child predator to continue to victimize children for many , many years . " Instead of reporting the incident to authorities , Curley and Schultz banned Sandusky from having children from the charity he founded , Second Mile , visit the football building , Kelly said . Sandusky 's lawyer told CNN Thursday evening his client has already been tried in the court of public opinion . Sandusky , who faces child rape charges , disputes the 23-page grand jury summary of graphic testimony , said attorney Joseph Amendola . Penn State 's new interim head coach carried a blunt message of solidarity for the alleged victims of sex abuse , firm confidence in his embattled players and a paean for Paterno . Tom Bradley , the longtime defensive coordinator for the team , faced a roomful of relentless reporters Thursday working to glean more details about a case rocking the sports world . Bradley did n't discuss the investigation , but he said he and his players were thinking about and grieving for the victims of the abuse and their families . "  We all have a responsibility to take care of our children , " said Bradley , a Johnstown , Pennsylvania , native who played for the Nittany Lions in the 1970s and has been on the team 's coaching staff for 33 seasons . The university 's board of trustees on Wednesday night fired Paterno , the winningest coach in major college football , and Spanier , effective immediately , a bombshell announcement that punctuated the gravity of the scandal . A beloved national figure for his success on the field and his focus on academics and civics , the 84-year-old Paterno has faced withering criticism over his response to the charges against Sandusky . Paterno reported the allegations to his boss . Pennsylvania 's attorney general said it appeared Paterno had met his obligations under state law , but critics have said the coach should have reported the suspected abuse to police . That perceived lapse led to the coach 's downfall . State Rep. Kevin Boyle , a Philadelphia Democrat , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper he plans to introduce a measure aimed at ensuring that people who witness or learn of the abuse of a child report it to the proper authorities . "  In light of the alleged child sex abuse scandal at Pennsylvania State University , it is clear that a loophole exists in our law , " Boyle said in an earlier news release . "  My legislation would close that loophole by requiring those who are aware of the abuse to report it to law enforcement authorities , rather than simply following an in-house chain of command . " Boyle told "  AC360 " there was a deliberate "  plot " by Penn State to cover up the allegations against Sandusky . Bradley would n't discuss his relationship with Sandusky , whom he once worked for . But he delivered high praise for Paterno , remarks reflecting the strong love and allegiance people across America have had for the coach . Paterno had a "  dynamic impact " on many , and Bradley said he was "  proud " to work for him . He said Paterno has "  meant more to me than anybody except my father . " Backers of the coach affectionately known as "  JoePa " showed up angry Wednesday night after news of his firing . Hundreds of Penn State students spilled into the streets of State College in what started as an apparent celebration of Paterno , but it turned into a riot . The crowd tipped over a news van and decried the media in anger over Paterno 's departure . Penn State 's Daily Collegian newspaper reported that "  thousands of students gathered at Old Main at around 10:30 p.m. , chanting "  f -- the trustees " and "  we want Joe . " "  We stand united as students . We do n't care what anyone else has to say . We want Joe , " the Collegian quoted a student named Jimmy Gallagher as saying . The newspaper reported that people hurled rocks and lit a small fire . Police moved in to restore order amid dismantled lightposts , broken windows and the smell of gasoline , according to the Collegian . "  Penn State does not need to be put in a worse light than its leaders already have , " the Collegian editorialized . "  The spotlight was on Penn State last night and we only drew more negative national attention to the Penn State name . The national media did not come for the students , but they stayed because we put on a show . The emotions brought on by the night varied from somber and respectful to angry and unlawful . This is not what Joe would have wanted . " Gov. Tom Corbett decried the violence . "  The eyes of the nation are on you , " he reminded residents . "  Please behave and demonstrate your pride in Penn State . Your actions speak much louder than your words . " Bradley , noting the disturbances , said he is n't worried about safety on game day . Nebraska athletic director Tom Osborne said Thursday that while he expects fans of both teams to be respectful , he wants to be sure the environment for the visiting Cornhuskers is secure . "  When you have more than 100,000 people in a stadium , it 's probably impossible to conjure up enough officials , security people to absolutely guarantee what 's going to happen , " Osborne told Lincoln , Nebraska , radio station KLIN . "  I just do n't know how you do that . We will visit with them today and probably tomorrow and do everything within our power to make sure that there 's adequate safety and security provided . " Nebraska 's chancellor , Harvey Perlman , also released a statement , and expressed sympathy for the alleged victims in the Sandusky case . "  Looking ahead to Saturday 's game , others will pour many issues into this football game , " Perlman said in a statement . "  Nebraska 's participation in no way condones the conduct that has been alleged or makes a statement about the truth or falsity of the allegations . " Speaking to about 15 students gathered outside his house late Wednesday , Paterno said it will take time getting used to his new status after more than 60 years of coaching . "  A tragedy occurred , and we all have to have patience to let the legal process proceed , " Paterno said in a written statement . "  I appreciate the outpouring of support but want to emphasize that everyone should remain calm and please respect the university , its property and all that we value . " Pennsylvania 's U.S. senators , Pat Toomey , a Republican , and Bob Casey , a Democrat , announced that they were rescinding their support for the nomination of Paterno for the Presidential Medal of Freedom . Sandusky , who was arrested Saturday , is accused of sexual offenses , child endangerment and "  corruption of a minor " involving eight boys , most or all of whom he met through The Second Mile , the charity he founded to help troubled youths , prosecutors said . Sandusky 's involvement with The Second Mile provided him with access to "  hundreds of boys , many of whom were vulnerable due to their social situations , " the grand jury said . The former coach is said to have engaged in fondling , oral and anal sex with boys over at least 15 years , according to the investigative grand jury 's summary of testimony . Sandusky served 23 years as defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions football team before retiring in 1999 . Free on $ 100,000 bail , he has been accused of sexually abusing boys between 1994 and 2009 . CNN 's Dana Garrett , Sarah Hoye , Stephanie Gallman , Ed Payne , Samuel Gardner III , Jason Carroll , Jason Kessler , Laura Dolan and Kiran Khalid contributed to this report .	NEW : Assistant coach who reported one incident wo n't be at Saturday 's game Sandusky tried in court of public opinion , his lawyer tells CNN Trustees dismiss president and remove Joe Paterno as head coach Interim coach says , "  We all have a responsibility to take care of our children "
CNN  -- We 'll have to wait a couple more months , safely after the election , to see Kathryn Bigelow 's film about the hunt for Osama bin Laden , "  Zero Dark Thirty . " But in the meantime , director and star Ben Affleck and screenwriter Chris Terrio have found a positive spin on one of the least auspicious episodes in American foreign policy , the Iranian hostage drama that probably doomed Jimmy Carter 's bid for a second term in 1980 . The movie quickly and smartly fills in the back story , reminding us how Western powers propped up the monarchy in Iran until the Islamic revolution of 1979 , a popular uprising that gave vent to anti-American fury in the region . Fifty-two U.S. citizens were captured in the American Embassy in Tehran -- but six escaped undetected in the melee and found refuge in the home of the Canadian ambassador . The challenge then for the CIA : how to get them out from under the noses of the ayatollahs . Enter Tony Mendez  Affleck  , an "  exfiltration " specialist  who knew ?  who does n't think much of the State Department 's plan to send in bikes and road maps . Challenged to come up with something better , he concocts an improbable scheme about a phony movie : posing as a Hollywood producer , he 'll connect with the six under the guise of scouting locations . It 's far-fetched , but that 's the beauty of it . Who would make up something like that ? Anyway it 's the best bad idea they 've got . Artfully recreating the look and feel of '70s suspense films by accentuating the grain and resisting the impulse to blow stuff up every 10 minutes , Affleck has crafted a compelling middlebrow thriller that probably would n't have stood out from the crowd in that period , but which is easily one of the must-sees in 2012 -- a shoo-in for Oscar consideration . It 's a well-paced and gripping entertainment certainly , even if you might roll your eyes at the contrived race-against-the-clock climax . More unexpectedly , and winningly , Affleck opens up a second front , a very droll insider satire on Hollywood hubris when Mendez enlists a makeup artist and producer to beef up his cover story . John Goodman and Alan Arkin work up a delicious comic double act , daintily skewering the rampant egomania of the movie business as well as its endless capacity for self-denial . "  If I 'm doing a fake movie , it 's going to be a fake hit ! " declares Arkin 's Lester Siegel before reluctantly lending his name to a bottom-drawer sci-fi adventure script -- "  Argo " -- which calls for a vaguely Middle Eastern cosmos . It 's the very opposite kind of movie to the one Affleck makes . There 's nothing showy or spectacular about his filmmaking . He puts the emphasis squarely on story and situation . He may not probe his characters very deeply , but they 're believable victims of dire circumstance . He also casts very well : Bryan Cranston as Mendez 's CIA boss , Victor Garber as the Canadian ambassador , Christopher Denham as the most skeptical and reluctant of the hostages . They 're all absolutely on point . Affleck himself turns in a quietly impressive movie star performance . Tony Mendez is a kind of anti-Bourne , comfortable with his anonymity , living off his wits , not his fists . Smart , courageous and modest -- that 's a rare combination in a man , and in movies , too .	Ben Affleck has crafted a compelling middlebrow thriller -- easily a must-see film "  Argo " shows how Western powers propped up the monarchy in Iran until 1979 Affleck plays CIA "  exfiltration " specialist who concocts unlikely plan to rescue six Americans
CNN  -- Tiger Woods led the world 's elite in their fightback against the ` Blue Monster ' Saturday as a six-under 66 left the 14-time major winner in touching distance of an unlikely victory in the WGC-Cadillac Championship in Florida . Woods , who almost did not start the tournament after suffering back spasms at the Honda Classic last week , opened with a four-over 76 Thursday and his chances of defending the title looked slim . They improved in the second round where high winds caused carnage on the 7,400 yard course , which has been toughened up by designer Gil Hanse . A total of 113 balls found the water on the Trump National at Doral , but Woods moved up the field with a one-over 73 , including a miraculous 91-foot birdie putt . In lighter winds of around 10 mph  16 kph  the scoring was better Saturday and Woods took full advantage with eight birdies and just two bogeys . It left him three adrift of fellow American Patrick Reed , who carded a three-under 69 for four-under 212 going into the final round . Hunter Mahan and Jason Dufner , who shot the next best round of 68 , were tied second on two-under . "  It was nice to get back in the tournament again , " Woods told the official PGA Tour website as he gave his verdict on his performance . "  As far as most complete round , absolutely . I hit the ball a lot better than I did at Honda last Saturday . This was certainly a lot better round . " Woods shot a 65 in the third round of the Honda before suffering his injury problems in the final round . He believed that putting was the key to his fine scoring in the third round of the WGC . "  I got my speed right , " said Woods , who finished with just 25 putts . "  And I felt like I hit the ball a little better and left myself in good spots . " He will be seeking his fifth win on one of his favorite courses Sunday and 18th WGC victory of his storied career . Others did not fare so well in the third round , with Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy slipping off the pace with a three-over 75 after being well-placed at the start of the round . Australia 's Adam Scott , who could have displaced Woods as the world 's top ranked golfer , was on four-over after a level par 72 .	Tiger Woods shoots six-under 66 at WGC-Cadillac Championship World No. 1 races up the field to one-under-par Four-time winner on ` Blue Monster ' course at Doral Patrick Reed leads tournament at four-under
CNN Student News  -- December 2 , 2013 CNN Student News kicks off our December coverage in Thailand , where protesters are calling for the country 's prime minister to step down . We also report on the U.S. government 's work to improve some parts of the Obamacare website . Plus , we discuss the goals of World AIDS Day , and we hear about the mutual inspiration between a 10-year-old cancer patient and a women 's college basketball team . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What role do you think the media should play following the sudden death of a celebrity ? What considerations should they make when reporting on it ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . constitutional monarchy 2 . World AIDS Day 3 . Paul Walker Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is known about yesterday 's train derailment in New York City ? 2 . What do the acronyms HIV and AIDS stand for ? What 's the connection between HIV and AIDS ? What facts are given in the program about World AIDS Day ? 3 . What different perspectives are given on the current status of the enrollment website for the Affordable Care Act  Obamacare  ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your view , is protesting an effective method of pushing for governmental change ? Why or why not ? How might this depend on the political climate of the country in which the protests occur ? In what other ways can citizens express their opinions to their government ? What might be the pros and cons of each of these methods ? 2 . What kinds of evidence do you think investigators look for after a public transportation accident , such as the one involving a train in New York City ? What influence might these investigations have ? 3 . What do people in the report say about the "  honorary sixth man " on the Warner Pacific College women 's basketball team ? In your view , how might her position have an impact on herself , her family and the team ? What was your reaction to this story ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Asia Thailand North America New York City ; Portland , Oregon FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- One of the men killed in Monday 's coal mine explosion in West Virginia knew of the danger but did n't let it bother him , his family said Tuesday . The blast at the Massey Energy Co. mine in Montcoal , West Virginia , killed at least 25 miners ; four others are unaccounted for , officials say . The cause of the explosion had not been determined as rescuers worked Tuesday to bore ventilation holes into the Upper Big Branch Mine . Benny Willingham , 61 , a deacon in his church and the patriarch in his family , was among those killed , relatives told CNN 's John Roberts . "  He was a good man . I know everyone thinks that about their loved ones , but Benny truly was a wonderful man , " Willingham 's sister Jean told CNN . "  He loved the Lord , and in church the other day , he thanked the Lord for saving his soul , and he thanked him for watching over him in the mines for over 30 years , and he said , ` If he takes me tomorrow , I 've had a good life , ' " she said . iReport : Are you there ? Share photos , video Her brother kept his affairs in order because of the constant risk of death , she said . Still , the accident shocked the family . "  It 's scary . It 's just really , really scary , " Willingham 's granddaughter Tiffany Ellis said . "  My stepdad also does this , and this is just a wake-up call to me . I 've seen it happen before , but I never imagined I 'd be here today , telling my story about it . " She said her grandfather stepped in to help raise her after her father walked out on the family years ago . "  I did n't have a dad ; my grandfather filled them shoes for me , " she said . "  He spoiled me . Anything I wanted , his little girl got it . "  He taught me everything , from learning how to tie my shoes to driving , to learning the game about boys . He was always there to listen to my problems , whenever I had them . " The families of the victims are not limited to bloodlines , according to Willingham 's relatives and other local residents . "  It 's a good community -- tight , " his daughter Michelle McKinney said . "  We look after each other . We support each other . " "  If you 're from here , you 're part of a coal mining family , " Grace Lafferty of Harper told the Charleston Gazette newspaper . "  You know a lot of people who work here . It takes your breath away , your heart drops and you have that empty feeling . " "  Coal mining gets in your blood , " Willingham 's brother-in-law Bobby said . "  The camaraderie is like a sports team . There 's no love like the love among workers in coal mines . " After hearing news that miners may be trapped , former miner Randy Cox told the Register-Herald newspaper in Beckley , "  I just got down on my knees and started praying that they were OK . " Cox , of Arnett , West Virginia , mined coal for 18 years and now is disabled , the newspaper reported . "  I never was in a situation like that , but I have seen roof falls , " Cox said . "  I 'm praying for them , and I hope this turns out OK . May God be with them . " CNN 's Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	Benny Willingham , 61 , kept his affairs in order , relatives say "  If -LSB- God -RSB- takes me tomorrow , I 've had a good life , " he said , according to sister Granddaughter mourns for miner who "  taught me everything " Mining communities are close as family , local residents say
CNN  -- Whether it 's breaking records on the piste , or making hit records in the studio , Tina Maze is determined to do things her way . The 29-year-old , who broke ranks with her national skiing federation to set up her own team , last weekend had the satisfaction of breaking the iconic all-time World Cup points record of the legendary Hermann Maier as she shrugged off pre-race death threats . The Slovenian has celebrated her numerous victories by turning cartwheels and , even more daringly , once famously unzipped her ski suit to reveal her under clothing to photographers after some rivals had wrongly accused her of gaining an aerodynamic advantage by placing padding in her sports bra . But not content with just grabbing the sporting headlines , Maze is also hitting the high notes in a fledgling career as a pop star -- inspired by influences such as Alicia Keys , Jessie J and , of course , Lady Gaga . A leading Slovenian music producer persuaded Maze to record a number he had written . Given her maverick reputation and single-minded approach , the title could not have been more apt : -- "  My Way is My Decision " -- and it proved an instant hit , quickly reaching No. 1 in the Slovenian charts . The accompanying video -- which sees Maze moving in time to the catchy up tempo song -- has had over a million hits on YouTube . At one point , Maze dons a skiing helmet and uses a ski as a mock guitar , but fooling aside it is clear she has more than a modicum of musical talent . "  It was a new challenge -- I love music , " she told CNN 's Alpine Edge show . "  When I was a kid I played the piano for six years and all my family are musicians . " Having focused relentlessly on her skiing career since her teenage years , Maze is relieved to find an outside distraction in a completely different field . "  I was always looking for something different . Skiing is always so huge , you need so many talents to be fast and be good at this sport , " she said . "  You need some talent and sensibility which you get with music . " Maze 's skiing rivals were already aware of her talents on and off the slopes , and she often entertains her rivals with her piano skills when they stay at exclusive five-star hotels on the tour . When a concert was laid on at the end of the world championships in Schladming in Austria last month , she was quick to grab the microphone and belt out a few numbers . Maze had plenty to celebrate , having won a gold in the super-G and two silvers in the super-combined and giant slalom . Many predicted she would achieve the almost unprecedented feat of winning medals in all five of alpine skiing 's disciplines , but tiredness and muscle soreness saw her finish fifth and seventh in the slalom and downhill respectively . But her incredible consistency across all the events has served Maze spectacularly well during the World Cup season , and she clinched the Crystal Globe of overall women 's champion with nine events still remaining with victory in the super-G at Meribel a week after the championships at Schladming . It left her in touching distance of the all-time points record of the "  Herminator " Maier and this was duly achieved with her ninth victory of the season in Saturday 's downhill at Garmisch Partenkirchen . It took her past the magic 2,000 points mark of Maier and completed World Cup wins in all five of skiing 's disciplines . With echoes of her hit pop video , she celebrated her win this time by using her ski as a guitar , and had time to throw in her trademark cartwheel . But afterwards , Maze revealed that she had received an email death threat , and there was a strong German police presence at Sunday 's super-G , where she finished fourth . Typically , she shrugged off the threats . "  It should n't be part of the game but life is not perfect . It 's not nice for me , it 's not nice for my team . They want to ruin your day , ruin the record , " she told gathered reporters . Maze has had to play second fiddle to the likes of American superstar Lindsey Vonn , the previous holder of the women 's points record of 1980 , but no longer . "  I 've been improving for the past four or five seasons . You did n't see me much before , but I was improving and this season it all fits together , " she said . Since 2008 , Maze has been guided by her Italian coach and boyfriend , Andrea Massi -- going it alone with their team "  aMaze . " It has paid off in spectacular style . "  Winning the overall is a dream I 've had since being a young skier . It 's everyone 's dream . " Vonn 's shocking crash in the super-G at the world championships -- she was airlifted off the piste after sustaining a serious knee injury -- tempered Maze 's subsequent triumph , and the Slovenian 's look of horror and concern for her rival was only too evident . "  I 'm really afraid of crashes , " she admitted . "  I always concentrate 100 % to make sure I do not make any mistakes such as happened to Lindsey . "  She was pushing the limits , she always does and that 's why she 's a great fighter . " Vonn faces a race against time to be fit in time for the Winter Olympics in Sochi next year , where Maze is determined to add to the two silvers she won at the 2010 Games in Vancouver as she carries the hopes of her small nation . "  It 's my next major goal , to win a gold that 's my goal , " she said . And do n't rule out a return to the top of the music charts  "  I 'm really proud of that "  by a young woman with talent and a zest for life -- a real crowd-pleaser in every sense .	Tina Maze has rewritten skiing 's record books this season Slovenian ace wrapped up overall World Cup title with nine races left Defied death threats to break all-time points record of Hermann Maier Maze has had a No. 1 hit record in her native country
CNN  -- Blair MacIntyre imagines a world where tiny clouds of information -- Facebook statuses , business cards , Twitter posts -- float above all of our heads . "  Augmented reality " can combine live video with data and information from the Internet . In some ways , it 's not that far from reality . Advancements in mobile phone technology have cleared the way for a coming wave of "  augmented reality " applications that merge the physical world with information compiled about people and places on the Internet . "  When the technology gets there , this stuff could be amazingly useful and mildly terrifying in some ways , " said MacIntyre , an associate professor at the Georgia Institute of Technology who has taught classes in augmented reality for a decade . The idea of pairing digital information with our real , 3-D environments is not especially new -- think robot-human vision in the "  Terminator " movies . MacIntyre even plodded about college campuses in the 1990s wearing a 40-pound backpack and nerdy goggles , trying to make something similar happen . But as mobile phones become better equipped with GPS systems , which use satellites to locate the phones ; compasses , which tell the direction the phone faces ; and accelerometers , which relay the device 's tilt ; the once-lofty idea of augmented reality is being put into the hands of consumers . Last July in the Netherlands , a company called SPRXmobile released a mobile browser , Layar , that lets people see pieces of this new info-reality through their phone screens . A Layar user sets his or her phone to video mode , aims it around and sees all kinds of information pop up on the screen : blinking dots on apartments that are for sale , the values of those units , pull-down reviews of the bar up on the corner or details about sales at a nearby retail store . Watch a video demo of the app This makes information easier to find and helps people make better sense of the physical world around them , said Maarten Lens-FitzGerald , co-founder of Layar . "  I think it will actually get you out more than you would stay at home , " he said . "  You 're not at your couch anymore , you 're not at your desk " when you need to find information . Layar , which bills itself as the first mobile browser that features augmented reality , is only available in the Netherlands and only on certain phones , including Google 's Android , T-Mobile 's G1 and the HTC Magic . But Lens-FitzGerald said the company plans to announce a global expansion plan on August 17 and will develop an app for the iPhone if Apple changes policies that obstruct developers from creating such applications on that device . A range of other "  AR " apps are in development or are on the market . One , called Nearest Tube , highlights subway routes in New York and London . Wikitude is an app that aims to show people encyclopedic information about nearby landmarks . Like Wikipedia , users can add information to the service . The idea could usher in an era of cell-phone tour guides . Total Immersion , a French company , developed an app that makes 3-D baseball players spring to life from baseball cards . Users can turn the card to see their favorite players , through a phone screen , from all angles . And at Georgia Tech , researchers are working on video games that may one day make it look like virtual zombies are chasing players down real-world streets . Alex Michaelis , CEO of Tweetmondo , a site that pairs Twitter posts with geographical information , said he has developed an app that will let mobile phone users see their friends ' tweets through the video camera on their phones . He expects it to be available within the month . "  It adds information to your world , and this is what it 's all about , " he said . To picture how that service would work , think about walking into your living room in the evening . If a roommate had posted to Twitter from the couch , his or her Tweet would hover in that space when viewed through a mobile phone 's video camera . Michaelis admits the model is a bit clunky for now . But he sees a future when the app will let people stand on a street corner , hold their phone up to their face , and see the Twitter posts of crowd members as they mill about . Phones would have to be able to communicate with satellites and computer services constantly , instead of only when someone posts a message , to make that possible , he said . "  I see this being resolved in the near future , " he said , "  because , really , it 's just a matter of really experimenting with this technology and pushing it to the limit . " But there are doubts about augmented technology on phones . Lens-FitzGerald , of Layar , is concerned that augmented reality is being over-hyped and may create unrealistic expectations from consumers . "  It 's a cool technology , but yeah , we need to see how much -LSB- funding and visibility -RSB- our companies will get , " he said . "  It 's getting a lot of press now without being proven , but do we make money , are we going to make people happy with it ? We do n't know . We 're just starting . " He added : "  It 's like the first TV . We need to build an audience . " MacIntyre , of Georgia Tech , said the technology behind today 's augmented reality apps is crude . Mobile phone GPS is n't nearly accurate enough to make sure a Twitter post is tagged to a person , for instance , rather than the lamp post that 's 50 feet away . Furthermore , the idea behind the information-reality mesh on mobile phones is off-base , he said . "  I do n't see them answering a problem that needs to be solved , " added MacIntyre , who believes two-dimensional maps can be used to display information much more easily with current technology . More functional problems exist as well . People do n't necessarily want to walk around the world holding cell-phone screens in front of their faces . And the world 's information has to be tagged geographically to make sense in an augmented-reality setting . But MacIntyre does see a bright future for augmented reality . Within a year , mobile phone applications will become much more functional , he said , and in the foreseeable future , augmented reality will move off of phone screens and onto futuristic sunglasses , whose wearers will see blips of information about everything around them , he said . If that happens , the "  Terminator " vision will have truly arrived .	"  Augmented reality , " a merger of the digital and virtual worlds , is coming to phones "  AR " apps put info -- like Twitter posts -- on top of live video captured by phone Smartphone GPS and compass systems paved the way for the advance Some say AR is in its infancy ; others question its usefulness
CNN  -- Once the most popular smartphone , the BlackBerry has been losing ground in the past year to iPhone and Android models . So Research in Motion is trying to carve out a new market with the PlayBook  the upcoming BlackBerry tablet  due to hit stores in the U.S. and Canada on April 19 . Prices start at $ 499 , same as for the iPad 2 . However , the BlackBerry operating system is definitely not on the cutting edge of smartphone platforms . So there 's been ample skepticism about how attractive a BlackBerry tablet might be to consumers , especially compared with slick offerings such as Apple 's iPad and the growing array of Android tablets . On March 24 , in a move apparently aimed at compensating for the weaknesses of the BlackBerry OS and relatively lean BlackBerry App World offerings , RIM announced that the PlayBook will support Android apps , as well as the Java-based apps that currently run on BlackBerry smartphones . According to the news release , "  RIM will launch two optional ` app players ' that provide an application run-time environment for BlackBerry Java apps and Android v2 .3 apps . These new app players will allow users to download BlackBerry Java apps and Android apps from BlackBerry App World and run them on their BlackBerry PlayBook . " However , the release also notes that "  The new app players for the BlackBerry PlayBook are expected to be available from BlackBerry App World this summer . " So if you rush out to buy a PlayBook this spring , you 'll have to wait a few months to get those Android apps and see how well they run . Crackberry clarified , "  This does n't mean that RIM is working with Google to bring Android marketplace to BlackBerry , but rather that developers who have made Android apps can sign up as BlackBerry App World developers  which is now free of charge  and distribute their apps to BlackBerry PlayBook owners via App World . " And as to the user experience , Crackberry notes , "  Because these Android Apps and BlackBerry Smartphone apps will be running in a sandboxed environment , to use RIM 's vocabulary we can likely expect the experience to be more along the lines of simple open-and-use ` apps ' rather than the deeply integrated ` super apps ' that RIM often likes to talk about . " Media analyst Jean-Louis Gassée sharply criticized RIM 's app strategy for the PlayBook , as well as RIM 's entire business approach of late . He points out that touting the PlayBook as running Android apps is misleading , since consumers wo n't be able to download apps from the Android app market and run them on the PlayBook . Rather , developers will have to adapt their Android apps to run within the PlayBook 's app player and then get them approved to be offered in the BlackBerry App World , a hurdle few developers are likely to be willing to jump for a new , unproven tablet with established competition . "  Launching what is clearly an immature product and trying to compensate for a dearth of applications with a misleading claim of compatibility with the wrong version of Android is insane , " Gassée wrote . I 'm puzzled by the market strategy here . Clearly , RIM is using the PlayBook to push hard to get more users in the consumer media and gaming market . But that represents a huge away shift from the company 's original  and still strong  market base , which is mostly corporate users focused on messaging services . On that front , there 's a further complication : The PlayBook reportedly falls short in terms of supporting the integrated messaging services that die-hard BlackBerry fans love . According to Information Week : "  The PlayBook will first launch in a Wi-Fi only configuration  Sprint will sell a WiMax version this summer  . That means the PlayBook can only snag emails and other data when in range of Wi-Fi hotspots . Email , contacts , and calendar data are not ` live ' on the PlayBook as they are on a regular BlackBerry . In fact , the only way to access live corporate PIM data is to tether a BlackBerry to the PlayBook via Bluetooth . The PlayBook will then mirror whatever data is on the BlackBerry . " This sounds like a huge drawback for RIM 's existing business users . It means that in order to take advantage of the features BlackBerry users love , they 'll have to carry around both devices and take the time to tether them . It 's good that RIM is branching out in new directions , and a tablet makes sense . But why not build on the company 's strengths to create a robust tablet experience for business users rather than go flailing after the consumer and gaming markets , a strategy that pits the PlayBook squarely against the iPad ? Does n't sound like a fair fight . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	BlackBerry 's PlayBook tablet hits stores April 19 and will start at $ 499 In an effort to make the PlayBook more attractive , BlackBerry is opening it to Android apps But few Android app developers may be willing to jump through hurdles for an unproven tablet The PlayBook also falls short in terms of supporting integrated BlackBerry messaging services
CNN  -- River waters spread over highways and farms , towns and parks in Washington on Thursday , shutting down traffic on a 20-mile stretch of heavily traveled Interstate 5 between Seattle and Oregon and threatening the federal roadway north of Seattle . Rescue boats are sent out Wednesday in Pierce County , south of Seattle , Washington . "  If you 're trying to do commerce between Portland  Oregon  and Seattle , there is no way right now , " said Bob Calkins , a spokesman for the Washington State Emergency Operations Center in Camp Murray , near Tacoma . "  That 's the major way into Washington state from Oregon . " Flooding south of Seattle near Chehalis covered parts of I-5 with 30 inches of water , prompting its closure until at least Monday , state transportation officials said . And state and local roads were also victims of the water . "  The problem is , the one real good detour is just as flooded , " Calkins said . North of Seattle , a levee failure in Arlington brought the Stillaguamish River up to the edges of I-5 , which remained open although some access ramps were closed , transportation officials said . The rain also caused Amtrak to suspend service between Seattle and Portland until Saturday , "  with no alternative transportation , " the rail line said Thursday on its Web site . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share pics , video Across the state , a number of rivers had crested , but flooded roads remained hazardous . The risk of landslides was high , leading to the closure of all passes across the Cascades , officials said . A meteorologist for the National Weather Service in Seattle said 15 inches of rain that began Monday had ended . The rainfall swept across virtually all of the state , but its biggest effects occurred along the western half of Puget Sound , Calkins said . The swollen Puyallup River threatened the city by the same name , but Loretta Cutter , sprang into action . Watch how Washington copes with wicked weather " The administrator of a group home and a longtime resident there helped evacuate 47 residents from the Valley Community Inn , a home for the mentally challenged and developmentally disabled , to a shelter at a nearby church . And she made sure her husband and a grandson left their one-story rambler house and got safely situated . "  It 's a situation you do n't realize you are going to be in ; it 's always someone else , " she said from the shelter at the Sunrise Baptist Church in Puyallup , a few miles east of Tacoma . "  It was pretty traumatizing to all of us . " Cutter is one of 40,000 western Washington state residents in at least 19 communities whom authorities asked to leave their homes Thursday amid heavy flooding along the region 's rivers and streams . Only 260 of them sought shelter Wednesday night at the 39 shelters for people , Calkins said . In addition , seven livestock shelters and two pet shelters were set up , he said . Meanwhile , the torrential downpours of the past few days transformed Thursday into drizzle , common in western Washington , which typically gets less rainfall in any given year than does Miami . "  It just drizzles every day , or so it seems , whereas in Miami , when it rains , it 's a bellywasher , " Calkins said . This week 's flooding was worsened by a warm spell that melted up to 7 feet of snow that had fallen around Puget Sound , he said . Health authorities have issued occasional boil-water orders , but that 's not what worries Calkins . "  The larger issue is , as people go to their homes , they may be walking through floodwater that is contaminated by sewage , " he said .	NEW : A 20-mile stretch of Interstate 5 between Seattle area and Oregon closed Amtrak suspends service between Seattle and Portland until Saturday More than 40 evacuated from care home in Puyallup , Washington Up to 15 inches of rain reported in some areas of Washington state
CNN  -- iPhone and iPad users looking with envy at the ever-ballooning screen sizes of Android devices should n't lose hope just yet . The Wall Street Journal reports that Apple has been experimenting with iPhone screen sizes larger than the current four inches , echoing rumors from earlier this year that the company may be looking to supplement its current offerings . The WSJ also says that Apple is experimenting with larger iPads , specifically a model with a gigantic 13-inch display . While a larger iPhone would be in line with current trends , the trend in tablets has been toward smaller screen sizes , not larger ones . In either case , those hoping for a bigger iPhone or lap-sized iPad should n't necessarily hold their breath . Apple regularly tests out new screen sizes and even brand-new product lines without ever bringing them to market ; those that do see the light of day can take their time emerging from Apple 's labs . The iPad mini itself was the subject of similar speculation in the months and years before it was finally released , and the iPhone 5 's 4-inch screen was the subject of rumors that predate the 3.5-inch iPhone 4S . Apple is expected to update both the iPad and the iPad mini later this year . Speculation is that the larger tablet will go on the iPad mini diet , shedding some weight , thickness , and bezel width . The smaller tablet , on the other hand , may or may not receive a high-resolution Retina display -- these rumors have been known to change daily based on what the folks at Apple rumor sites see in their tea leaves each morning . Both tablets were last refreshed in November 2012 . A bad quarter for Apple ? COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Report : Apple experimenting with bigger iPad , iPhone screens Wall Street Journal says giant 13-inch display considered for iPad Apple often experiments with products that never get released
CNN  -- The suspect in the September attack on a woman that led to the discovery of 11 bodies at his Ohio home pleaded not guilty Friday to charges that he raped and choked the woman . Bail for registered sex offender Anthony Sowell was set at $ 1 million on the rape charges . Bail had already been set at $ 5 million on five murder charges related to the grisly discovery of the bodies at his home in Cleveland . "  I do n't think a $ 1 million bond is unfair under the circumstances , " Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Judge John O'Donnell said at Friday 's hearing . Sowell was arraigned Friday in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court on multiple charges , -- including attempted murder , rape and kidnapping -- connected to the September 22 assault on the 36-year-old woman . Sowell said he could not afford a lawyer , and O'Donnell appointed one . The victim encountered Sowell while walking in his Cleveland neighborhood , and he took her back to his home , where he became violent and raped her , Cuyahoga County prosecutors said . "  While raping her , he strangled her with a cord until she lost consciousness , " the prosecutors said in a written statement . "  When she regained consciousness , he led her out of the house . " Police investigating that case searched Sowell 's home and yard , finding the 11 bodies . Sowell , 50 , is charged with five counts of aggravated murder , rape , felonious assault and kidnapping in connection with those deaths . He served 15 years in prison for a 1989 attempted rape . He was released in 2005 . Neighbors and police have told CNN that other women were seen at Sowell 's home from time to time , and that he would offer them beer and other alcohol . Police say he also might have offered them drugs . Neighbors on October 20 reported seeing a naked woman fall from the second floor of the home . Firefighters and police responded and later notified police . But the woman told officers she fell off the roof while she was at the home "  partying , " and no charges were filed . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Bail for Anthony Sowell set at $ 1 million on rape charges Bail already set at $ 5 million on charges related to discovery of bodies at his home Sowell , 50 , is a registered sex offender
Drumroll , please : The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame has announced its 2015 class of honored musicians . Green Day ; Bill Withers ; Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble ; Lou Reed ; Joan Jett and the Blackhearts ; and the Paul Butterfield Blues Band will all be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame next spring . Those six performers were selected from a list of 15 nominees , which also included acts like N.W.A. , Nine Inch Nails , Sting , The Smiths and Chic . Green Day , Nine Inch Nails , N.W.A. among Rock Hall nominees The Beatles ' Ringo Starr will also be honored at the 2015 induction ceremony with the award for musical excellence , while R&B quintet The "  5 " Royales will be recognized for their early influence . "  As we mark 30 years of Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Inductions , we 're proud to honor these artists , " Rock and Roll Hall of Fame foundation president Joel Peresman said in a statement . "  These Inductees epitomize rock and roll 's impact over the past 50 years and continuing through today . " In order to be eligible for induction into the Rock Hall 's 2015 class , an act had to release its first recording in 1989 or earlier . That means Green Day , which dropped its EP "  1,000 Hours " in April 1989 , has the distinction of being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in the band 's first year of eligibility . "  The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame has always held something for me because my heroes were in there , " Green Day 's Billie Joe Armstrong told Rolling Stone . When he heard the news that the band 's being inducted , "  I had to go for a walk , " Armstrong continued . "  I wound up at this cafe and I sat down and my son met up with me . I told him and he was like , ` Oh my God . No way . ' It just took some time to sink in . We 're in incredible company and I 'm still trying to make sense of this . It 's just incredible . " The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony will be held in Cleveland on April 18 , 2015 . The event is open to the public , and tickets can be purchased for the 30th induction ceremony beginning at 10 a.m. ET on December 18 .	Rock and Roll Hall of Fame announces 2015 class It includes Green Day , Lou Reed , Joan Jett and the Blackhearts The final six came from a list of 15 nominees Green Day is being inducted in its first year of eligibility
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek riot police fired tear gas to disperse stone-throwing demonstrators Tuesday , as thousands rallied to protest proposed austerity measures on the first day of a two-day strike . Twenty-one police officers and one demonstrator were hurt , and at least five people have been arrested , police said . About 3,000 officers are deployed on the streets of Athens . The protesters are rallying outside the Greek Parliament building in the center of the country 's capital , where lawmakers are set to vote Wednesday on a tough five-year package of tax increases and spending cuts . The newly appointed head of the International Monetary Fund , France 's Christine Lagarde , used one of her first media interviews to appeal to the Greek opposition to overcome their political differences and join a national consensus on the reforms . Speaking to French network TF1 , she urged Greece 's lenders to come to its aid and said Greece must take charge of its affairs in a responsible way , while looking after those people who had the least . Her words came hours after European Council President Herman van Rompuy also urged lawmakers to pass the measures , for the sake of Greece and the wider economy . "  There are decisive moments and the coming hours will be decisive , crucial for the Greek people , but also for the Eurozone and the stability of the world economy , " he told the European Parliament in Brussels , Belgium , on Tuesday . As the demonstration continued into the evening , thousands of protesters -- some newly arrived -- faced police in riot gear manning barricades outside the Greek Parliament , but the mood had quieted . Earlier Tuesday , live television footage showed clouds of tear gas as police and protesters clashed , and black smoke from small fires billowing through the streets . A truck belonging to a mobile telecom company was also set alight . Police appeared to be trying to force protesters out of Constitution Square , CNN reporters said , but some were returning and others gathered in side streets ready to move back in . Drumming and music reverberated around the square , as well as shouted slogans . One group of protesters chanted "  Bread , education , freedom , " an old rallying cry from 1973 , when thousands of students clashed violently with police during protests against the military government . The 48-hour general strike kicked off in the early morning hours of Tuesday , hobbling most of Greece 's transportation systems but freeing workers to participate in demonstrations . Members of the Communist PAME labor union took to the streets first , waving socialist signs in front of the Greek Parliament . The main rally , a cooperative effort between two much larger , mainstream unions , launched later . Cloth banners reading "  No sacrifices for plutocracy " flapped in chorus with chants of "  Workers , you can live without a boss , " and "  We want workers ' rights , not profits for the boss ! " Government offices , schools and courts had closed , the unions said . Hospitals were operating on skeleton staffs , according to Greek state television broadcaster ERT . Transportation disruptions took place on land , on sea and in the air . Air traffic controllers periodically stopped work and flight traffic , according to their union . Stoppages also disrupted sea travel in the maritime nation , which encompasses many islands . Trains and municipal transportation also shut down , but Athens metro workers abstained from the strike , according to the country 's transportation union . Train operators provided continuous service to demonstrators headed for central Athens . Bus drivers were on strike , keeping city buses off Athens ' streets . Greece must pass the austerity measures if it is to win the last $ 17 billion portion of a $ 156 billion bailout package from other European nations that was granted in 2010 -- and also to clear the way for an additional potential bailout package to keep Greece afloat going forward . Greece needs the bailout funds to avert a default on debt repayments that are due as soon as mid-July . Such a default would send shock waves through the European banking sector and potentially dent global economic confidence . European Union Commissioner Olli Rehn , the bloc 's lead negotiator on the bailout , warned Tuesday that Greece faced "  a critical juncture , " as he pressed Parliament to pass the austerity measures . "  Both the future of the country and financial stability in Europe are at stake , " Rehn said in Brussels . "  I trust that the Greek political leaders are fully aware of the responsibility that lies on their shoulders to avoid default . " He warned that there was "  no Plan B " to avert default , and insisted that economic reforms -- although challenging -- were a better alternative for the Greek people . "  The European Union continues to be ready to support Greece . But Europe can only help Greece if Greece helps itself , " he added . Protesters lament that the cuts are being carried out on the backs of those who can afford it least . "  With the policy followed since the bailout , we have seen people 's living standards going down . It is the workers and the pensioners who are paying the debt , " said electrical engineer Ioanna Lagonika . Lagonika , who marched in PAME 's demonstration , said , "  The PM  prime minister  has said that this is a new start for Greece , but to us it feels like this is our end . " Accountant Pericles Panagakis , who also participated in the Communists ' march , would rather see Greece go through bankruptcy . The austerity programs mean "  even tougher measures for the people and just for the people , " he said . Panagakis would also like to see Greece 's wealthiest make up for the government shortfalls . "  The solution is to take the money from people who have money , not from the workers , " he said . The parliamentary vote , which comes a day later than originally planned , will be followed by a meeting of European Union finance ministers on Sunday to approve the final part of funding from last year 's bailout . The head of Deutsche Bank warned politicians Monday against taking steps that might lead the crisis to spread beyond Greece . "  If it is Greece alone , that 's already big . But if other countries are drawn in through contagion , it could be bigger than Lehman , " Josef Ackermann said , referring to the financial meltdown that followed the collapse of the Lehman Brothers investment firm in the U.S. in 2008 . International lenders have insisted Greece cut spending , lay off public workers , raise taxes and raise 50 billion euros  $ 71 billion  through selling off state-owned enterprises in exchange for a further bailout of the cash-strapped nation . The latest demands follow austerity measures imposed last year that included pension cuts ; a sales tax boost ; excise taxes on fuel , cigarettes , alcohol and luxury goods ; and a rise in the average retirement age to 65 from 61 . The economic crisis has inspired rioting in the streets of Athens in recent weeks , where protesters have thrown firebombs and clashed with armored police . The Parliament plans to vote on the austerity package sometime after 1 p.m. Wednesday . All three unions that marched Tuesday have also planned rallies for Wednesday evening . CNN 's Elinda Labropoulou and Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	NEW : New IMF chief appeals to the Greek opposition to join a national consensus on reform At least five arrested ; 21 police officers and one protester hurt in the clashes , police say Protesters show no sign of leaving despite the clashes , as a two-day strike continues Parliament is to vote on the tough austerity package on Wednesday
In a few weeks , the New York State Education Department will begin the second round of Common Core tests . Earlier this spring , thousands of students refused to take the Common Core English Language Arts  ELA  exams . In New York , as in states across the country , parents are telling administrators that their children will not sit for exams that pressure teachers to teach to the test and drain school budgets . Ignore the baseless charge that families do n't want high academic standards for their kids or are afraid their kids wo n't live up to higher standards . Parents and students want schools that offer a well-rounded curriculum and a sensible amount and way of testing . But the Common Core seems to focus too much on testing . According to the 2014 New York Testing Program School Administrator 's Manual , parents may eventually review students ' responses to open-ended questions , but they are not allowed to look at the test itself . Although educators are under a gag order from New York State and Pearson that prohibits them from discussing specifics of the tests , Principal Elizabeth Phillips of PS 321 in Park Slope , Brooklyn , and other educators across the state have decried the ELA exams as confusing and developmentally inappropriate . The situation may be the same in mathematics . Stanford professor James Milgram argues that the Common Core math standards do not command international respect and will not prepare students for STEM careers . If the state keeps hiding the exams from public scrutiny , then parents and educators have a right to doubt their pedagogical value . There are other issues . The Race to the Top program awarded New York $ 700 million on the condition that the state adopts a value added modeling teacher evaluation system , in this case , APPR . Put plainly -- the state may now fire teachers if test scores are low . That creates incredible pressure to teach to the test . Additionally , English language learners must also take the tests , regardless of how well they can understand them , and teachers in impoverished school districts are more likely to be punished , despite taking on harder assignments . In the words of noted education scholar Diane Ravitch : VAM is a sham . I recently attended an iRefuse rally held on Long Island . The poster for the event juxtaposes two silhouettes of a child 's head : one , under the title "  Learning , " is filled with images of Shakespeare , a guitar , a flower , math equations and plants . The other , under the title "  Testing , " is filled with a multiple-choice exam . That is why parents are refusing -- they want school to be a place where children 's talents are cultivated and not harmed by tests whose main use is to fire teachers . In 1849 , the American philosopher Henry David Thoreau wrote a classic essay on civil disobedience that has inspired countless activists around the world , including Mahatma Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr. . According to Thoreau , "  It is not desirable to cultivate a respect for the law , so much as for the right . " According to Thoreau , people are too inclined to respect the government rather than question whether the people who lead it are acting justly . Today , a parent inspired by Thoreau would point out that the New York Education Department is led by fallible human beings such as John King , Ken Slentz and Ken Wagner , and the tests are created by Pearson , a corporation that has been found to use its nonprofit foundation to produce curriculum materials and software for its for-profit business . Such a parent would also object to the School Administrators Manual 's policy that "  schools do not have any obligation to provide an alternative location or activities for individual students while the tests are being administered . " This sentence justifies the sit-and-stare policy whereby refusing children are not allowed to read or talk , but are forced to remain at their desks while their peers take the tests . In other words , this manual encourages administrators to employ the "  silent treatment " on kids who do n't want their education to become endless test prep . This is bullying pure and simple . As a parent , what would you do if you wanted to refuse the upcoming math test for your child ? Write a letter or e-mail to the board of education , superintendent , principals and teachers in your school district to formally notify them of your decision to refuse to allow your child to participate in any local assessments tied to APPR for the 2013-2014 school year . Tell them that you want your child to be scored as a "  refusal " with a final score of "  999 " and a standard achieved code of 96 , on all state testing . This ensures that schools and teachers are not impacted by the refusals . There is a chance that administrators will try to dissuade you . Tell them that you are advocating for your children to receive a well-rounded , personalized education . Tell everyone in your district that you are not fighting him or her , but rather political and corporate forces that are trying to centralize and standardize public education .	In New York , as in other states , some parents oppose the Common Core exams Nicholas Tampio : Common Core seems to focus too much on testing He says teachers should not have to teach to the test and drain school budgets Tampio : Children should receive a well-rounded curriculum and education
CNN  President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has proposed the dissolution of Argentina 's domestic intelligence service , as the country deals with the fallout from the mysterious death of a federal prosecutor who accused its leaders of a criminal cover-up over Argentina 's deadliest terror attack . Kirchner has sent a draft bill to the country 's parliament which , if passed , would mean the Secretariat of Intelligence  SI  is replaced by the Federal Intelligence Agency . In a taped statement aired Monday night on national TV , Kirchner said the service had "  not served the interests of the country . " The body of Alberto Nisman , a special prosecutor investigating the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires , was found inside his apartment on January 18 -- the day before he was due to testify before Congress about his claims . The previous week , he had filed a report alleging that the President , foreign minister and other officials conspired to cover up Iran 's involvement in the bomb attack , which killed 85 , in exchange for an oil-and-grain-for-meat deal . Nisman died of a gunshot wound to the temple . A gun and a shell casing were found near his body and the apartment was locked from the inside . At first glance , a suicide . But the untimely death raised suspicions immediately . Then investigators looking into his death said there was no gunpowder residue on his hands , as would have been expected , and a locksmith who let Nisman 's mother into the apartment told reporters that anyone could have opened the lock . Kirchner , who initially called Nisman 's death a suicide , soon reversed her thinking and called it "  the suicide  that I am convinced  was not a suicide . " However , while Fernandez does not believe that Nisman took his own life , she still insists that his allegations against her government are false . Nisman was not a hack with an agenda against the President , but a naive investigator who was used by others who fed him false information , Fernandez said . Nisman 's report promised to provide evidence "  of the existence of a sophisticated criminal plot , deliberately conjured to cover up and provide impunity to the Iranians accused in the investigation of the attack " of the Jewish community center in 1994 . The 289-page report makes its case based on tapped telephone conversations between representatives of Argentina and Iran . CNN 's Michael Roa , Shasta Darlington and Margot Haddad contributed to this report .	Argentina 's President proposes dissolving the Secretariat of Intelligence Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner says it has "  not served the interests of the country " Nine days ago , prosecutor who alleged a criminal cover-up died in mysterious circumstances
CNN  -- Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernandez on Wednesday said the country welcomes the return of its children detained while trying to enter the United States and has created an interagency committee to tackle the humanitarian crisis . His comments appeared to expand on statements made earlier by a Foreign Ministry official who called for a proposal asking the United States to stop deporting Honduran children . Foreign Ministry spokesman Julio Lopez Tercero told CNN that the ministry , which is part of the interagency committee , plans to ask the U.S. government to allow children with parents in the United States to reunite in America . However , he said , some minors will end up deported , and in those cases , Honduran officials ask that deportation proceedings occur in a humane way . In a statement released on the President 's official website , Hernandez said , "  The idea is to return these children and youth to Honduras once they 've been located , and give them state support to get ahead . " His office estimates that 13,000 of the minors could be Honduran . The statement comes one day after Chancellor Mireya Aguero Corrales said she had instructed her country 's embassy in Washington to draw up a plan to ask the United States to stop deporting children amid the humanitarian crisis . Children without parents have been streaming across the Mexico-United States border in unprecedented numbers . Most of them are from Honduras , Guatemala or El Salvador . Many have been smuggled north without official papers and hope to find their parents or family members already living in the United States . The ones apprehended by American authorities are often housed in shelters . Federal law says minors can not be held at a Border Patrol facility for more than 72 hours . They have to be processed and then either sent to live with a relative in the United States or released to a shelter operated by the Office of Refugee Resettlement , which falls under the Department of Health and Human Services . The refugee office operates about 100 permanent shelters for unaccompanied minors , according to spokesman Kenneth Wolfe . The shelters are filled to capacity . The surge in children crossing the border has forced authorities to open three temporary shelters at military bases -- Lackland Air Force Base in Texas , Fort Sill in Oklahoma and Naval Base Ventura County in California . U.S. authorities estimate that between 60,000 and 80,000 children without parents will cross the border this year . Hernandez said he formed an interagency committee led by first lady Ana Garcia to find the thousands of Honduran children living in temporary American shelters . The first lady made a call to parents , "  asking them to take birth certificates , photos or any other pertinent document to prepare a dossier for each girl , boy and teenager . This will be tremendously helpful to us to get our kids repatriated . " She says the overall goal is to reunite children with their parents .	Honduran President wants detained , unaccompanied minors returned to Honduras Statement comes after Honduran official called for U.S. to stop deporting Honduran children
CNN  -- Libyan government tanks were shelling civilian areas in Misrata Tuesday and government forces were using heavy artillery as well , bringing "  absolute and utter carnage " to the city , a witness told CNN . Government forces were also evicting thousands of residents and looting their homes , according to the source with the Libyan opposition . Rebels were using schools and mosques to accommodate the evicted , he said . "  Things are getting so much worse " in the city , he said . Coalition planes circled overhead but did not strike the tanks , he said . In an interview with CNN , he pleaded for coalition forces to take action and stop the government troops . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces were "  advancing in all directions of the city , " he said . Battles have been under way in Misrata for weeks . The Libyan government took some journalists to Misrata Monday in an effort to suggest that Gadhafi 's regime had control of the city , but did not allow journalists into the city center , which rebels have said they control . Misrata is in western Libya , east of Tripoli .	A witness says coalition planes are circling overhead but not striking Gadhafi 's forces are advancing in all directions , the witness says The Libyan government claims to control Misrata
CNN  -- Adam Scott produced the performance of his life to win the Masters on Sunday and finally exorcise the demons of last year 's British Open . Scott , the first Australian to ever wear the famous green jacket , defeated Argentina 's Angel Cabrera on the second hole of the playoff after both men finished at nine-under on an enthralling day at Augusta . As Scott sank the winning putt on the 10th at Augusta he banished the pain and heartache that had haunted him following his humiliating collapse at Royal Lytham in July . Scott 's collapse On that occasion , the 32-year-old looked set to win his first major until he somehow contrived to blow a four-shot lead with just four holes remaining . But with the eyes of the sporting world upon him , Scott showed nerves of steel to hole his putt and finally end Australia 's Augusta curse . "  I do n't know how that happened , " Scott said after his historic triumph . "  It seems a long , long way from a couple years ago , or last July when I was trying to win a major . It was incredible . " Scott 's character and determination came to the fore at a course where his country 's most famous golfer suffered so mercilessly . Greg Norman , the man who squandered a six shot lead on the final day at the 1996 Masters , was the closest Australia had come to a Masters champion . Norman lost out to Augusta native Larry Mize in a playoff in 1987 , just a year after his bogey at the 18th allowed Jack Nicklaus to win his 18th and final major . The tale of Twitter : Augusta reaction Two years ago , Scott and Jason Day finished tied for second as Charl Schwartzel produced an astonishing final four holes to win the tournament . But this time , Scott got the job done , and the Adelaide-born player was quick to praise the man who had come so close at Augusta in years gone by . "  It 's incredible to be in this position , " said Scott , who had earlier shot a three-under 69 for the final round . "  Australia 's a proud sporting nation , and it 's amazing that it 's come down to me today . "  There was one guy who inspired a nation of golfers , and that 's Greg Norman . Part of this definitely belongs to him . " He later added : "  A phone call is n't going to be enough ; I 'd like to share a beer with him . " Taking the green jacket from last year 's winner , Bubba Watson , Scott stood proudly after an afternoon that neither he nor Australia will ever forget . His birdie on the 18th , the 72nd hole of the weekend , produced a hugely emotional celebration , with Scott appearing to believe had finally won a major . Cabrera , Snedeker lead Masters But while he walked back to the clubhouse , 2009 champion Cabrera produced an exquisite shot to ensure a relatively simple putt and the opportunity of a second Masters title . The playoff provided an exhilarating climax to a round played amidst worsening conditions with the rain constantly falling and the light deteriorating . After both making par on the first playoff hole at the 18th , the pair moved to the 10th . While Cabrera failed to make a birdie , Scott made no such mistake as he holed from 15 feet to spark delirium . Cabrera would have been the second oldest man to have won the tournament at the age of 43 , with only Nicklaus , who won at the age of 46 in 1986 , ahead of him . It would have been some achievement for the Argentine , currently ranked 269th in the world . "  That 's how golf is , " said Cabrera , who hit a final round 70 . "  I came back . I had my chance to win it . Adam is truly a good winner . "  He 's a great person and a great player , and I 'm happy for him . " Australia 's Day was one of the first to congratulate Scott after he missed out on qualifying for the playoff , eventually finishing two shots back on seven-under for the tournament . "  It was really tough , " Day said . "  The pressure got to me a little bit . " Woods penalized two strokes While Scott celebrated , world No. 1 Tiger Woods refused to blame his two-shot penalty for taking an incorrect drop during his second round Friday . Woods finished with a final round of 70 to finish four shots off the lead -- but the U.S. star refrained from blaming Friday 's incident . "  We could do that ` what if ? ' in every tournament we lose , " he said . "  We lose more tournaments than we win out here on tour , so that 's just part of the process , and I 'll go back to it . "  I thought 65 would win it outright today . I thought that was going to be the number , and it looks like it was . If I would have shot my number , it might have been a different story . "  I had a tough time getting accustomed to the speed of the greens ; they were so much slower than yesterday . I left every putt short on the first eight holes . "  I played well but unfortunately did not make enough putts and missed a few shots here and there . I had an opportunity today . " McIlroy blames ` stupid mistakes ' for slump World No. 2 Rory McIlroy carded a closing 69 to finish the week at two over par , but the Northern Irishman was satisfied with his game despite failing to challenge the leaders . "  I know I 've played good enough golf here to win ; it 's just a matter of stringing it all together , " McIlroy said . "  I was in a good position and did not quite have it all yesterday , and that really cost me . "  You have to be right on your game for 72 holes here . I played a five hole stretch in five over , and that was really it . I played nicely again today ; if I just limit the mistakes from yesterday , I am right there . "  It 's frustrating . Sometimes you hit a good shot and all of a sudden it 's off the green ; it is what it is , and you have to embrace it . "  It 's Augusta , and you 're going to get some good bounces ; you 're going to get some bad . It will all even out in the end . " Teen sensation Guan makes Masters cut Earlier Sunday , China 's 14-year-old sensation Tianlang Guan finished his momentous week with a three-over 75 to leave him 12-over for the tournament . Guan , the youngest ever player to make the cut , received the Silver Cup after finishing as the leading amateur . "  It 's not easy to play here and make the cut and be the low amateur , and I think I did a pretty good job , " Guan said . "  I 'm a little bit tired today . There are still a lot of things to improve . My short game is good , but I could still get better , and my driving has to get a little bit longer . Yes , everything needs to improve . " Rapping golfers return with 2 . Oh Defending champion Watson endured a nightmare final round , dunking his ball into the water on three separate occasions at Rae 's Creek . Watson hit a seven-over 10 on the 12th , Augusta 's shortest hole at just 155 yards . "  If you 're not going to win , you 've got to get in the record books somehow , " Watson said after carding a final round 77 , seven-over for the tournament . "  So I 'm a guy that got a double-digit score on a par three . "	Adam Scott of Australia won the Masters at Augusta Scott defeated Argentina 's Angel Cabrera on the second hole of playoff The 32-year-old is first Australian to ever win the tournament Scott : "  I do n't know how that happened . "
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africans voted Wednesday in elections that the ruling African National Congress is expected to win in a landslide . A woman votes in a church in Soweto during Wednesday 's elections . But the ANC , led by Jacob Zuma , could see its two-thirds parliamentary majority reduced by the country 's numerous opposition parties . The ANC has increased its share of the vote in every election since the end of apartheid in 1994 . Leading the opposition challenge is Congress of the People , or Cope ; a breakaway faction of the ANC which has capitalized as the ANC has been dogged by corruption and accused of failing to deliver services to the poor . "  People are taking this election very seriously , " said CNN 's Robyn Curnow . "  It 's a pivotal election and the political landscape in this country has changed because of the emergence of the Cope party . " Voter shares feelings about ANC and new rival " Voters stood in line for hours after a slow start , blamed partly on cold weather . Polling stations closed at 1900 GMT but anyone in line at the time was allowed to vote . The Independent Electoral Commission said the sheer number of people voting created long lines and a shortage of ballot boxes and papers in some districts and voting stations . The ANC 's prospects have not been helped by the controversial election of Zuma to the party leadership last year . Until early this month , Zuma , who is practically the country 's president-in-waiting , was facing fraud and corruption charges . The charges were dropped two weeks before the elections because of alleged political interference in his case . That decision by the country 's prosecuting authority sparked widespread outrage , with opposition parties accusing prosecutors of buckling under political pressure . But the ANC continues to command widespread respect and support among ordinary South Africans for its role in the struggle against apartheid and most consider the party of Nelson Mandela their political home . In an effort to shore up support for the ANC , the 90-year-old Mandela shared the stage with Zuma at the party 's final pre-election rally in Johannesburg on Sunday . Mandela was also photographed as he voted Wednesday . Watch Mandela vote with old activists and first-time voters " First-time voter Lucas Nomblelani , a young black South African sporting the purple ink on his thumb that proved he had cast his ballot , said he found it hard not consider what the ANC had done for the country . "  Those people -- they fight for us , " he told CNN . "  I 'm here , I can vote . I do n't have the soldiers here to force me to do something . " He adds , "  Now we are free , all of us , to do what we want to do . It 's my choice to vote today . " Still , the emergence of Cope has unnerved the ANC . Learn more about some of South Africa 's political parties Launched in December , Cope is made up of former ANC members who quit following ANC 's sacking of Thabo Mbeki as the country 's president . "  It is a baby with teeth . We can bite and I do believe the people of South Africa have heard our message , " Cope presidential candidate Mvume Dandala said Wednesday , according to Reuters.com . Zuma , who is widely expected to be the country 's next president , has already pledged his party will use its predicted majority responsibly and maintains he is innocent of corruption allegations . "  When I grew up , I did know that this day would come , " he said as he voted in his village birthplace of Nkandla in KwaZulu-Natal , Reuters.com reported . Watch more about ANC leader Jacob Zuma " In the past 15 years , the ANC has built 2.8 million houses and provided running water , sanitation and electricity to the poor . South Africa boasts a robust constitution and the strongest economy on the continent . Yet more than 1 million people still live in shacks , and the newly constructed homes have been found to be substandard , with many falling apart even before being handed over to beneficiaries . Queuing up to vote in Soweto , Lulu Makapela said many people were disappointed by the ANC 's failure to deliver on promises to deliver better housing , education and jobs . "  People have been giving us promises and there is a wide gap between rich and poor , " Makapela told CNN . Watch a voter in line discuss the election " Although the country 's economy has grown under the ANC , it has not produced significant job opportunities . One in four adults is unemployed . At the same time , many senior members of the ANC have created wealth for themselves while majority of the country 's citizens wallow in poverty . Watch criticism of the ruling ANC " Violent crime has also escalated . Last year , nearly 50 people were killed daily , according to police . And though South Africa won the bid to host the Football World Cup in 2010 , many say that the billions that are being spent on the tournament could be better used to lift the lives of the needy . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse in Johannesburg and Robyn Curnow in Soweto contributed to this report .	South Africans vote in election African National Congress expected to win Opposition parties hoping to slash ANC 's parliamentary majority Poverty , rising crime among top issues South Africans face Controversial Jacob Zuma expected to become president
PHILADELPHIA , Mississippi  CNN  -- James Young still remembers the Ku Klux Klan tormenting his neighborhood . He can still see his father holding a gun on the living room couch ready to shoot anyone who threatened his family . James Young poses with one of his young supporters after winning this week 's election . Nothing about Young 's childhood ever made him think he could be the mayor of Philadelphia , Mississippi , the town best known for the killings of three civil rights workers in 1964 . That 's the way it was for black kids growing up in this crucible of racial hostility -- big dreams were often squelched . Sitting on a sprawling Southern front porch this week , Young broke down in tears about what it means to be elected the town 's first black mayor . "  When you 've been treated the way we 've been treated , " he told CNN , choking up and then pausing to wipe the tears from his face . Watch tearful Young describe victory " For a moment , he could n't speak . He then regrouped , "  That 's why it 's so overwhelming to be a part of this history . " This week , the 53-year-old Young was elected the mayor of Philadelphia , a town of about 8,000 in the east-central part of the state . Despite a 55 percent white majority , Young defeated Rayburn Waddell , a white , three-term incumbent , by the slim margin of 46 votes . See where the town is located " Young described the victory as "  an atomic bomb of change . " Another resident rejoiced , saying Young 's win symbolized the scab finally falling off this town 's wound . "  I could n't even have wrote that in a fairy tale , " Young said . "  Who would have thought a little country boy like me would be mayor of Philadelphia , Mississippi ? " Philadelphia was the site of one of the most notorious killings of the civil rights era . On June 21 , 1964 , three civil rights workers -- James Chaney , a 21-year-old black man from Mississippi ; Andrew Goodman , 20 , and Michael Schwerner , 24 , both activists from New York -- were shot to death at the edge of town . The killings inspired the 1988 movie "  Mississippi Burning . " "  Philadelphia will always be connected to what happened here in 1964 , " said Jim Prince , the publisher of the Neshoba Democrat newspaper . "  But the fact that Philadelphia , Mississippi , with its notorious past , could elect a black man as mayor , it might be time to quit picking on Philadelphia , Mississippi . " Young knows his slim margin of victory means he still has to earn the trust of many more voters here . He knows there are still some in town who wo n't vote for him because he 's black , but he says that number gets smaller and smaller as time passes . "  We have some -- a very small pocket -- that will never change . That 's what we 've got to deal with , " said Young . The mayor-elect says his election symbolizes a dramatic shift away from his hometown 's racist past . And for many black residents , it means they can finally call this place home . "  The places where we were locked out , I 'm gon na have the key , " he said . "  The places we could n't go , I 've got the key . No better way to say it than that . " He takes special pride that his victory comes the same year the nation swore in its first African-American president in Barack Obama . "  It inspired people , " Young said . "  There are times and seasons , I think , for everything . The season arrived and the people let me know it was my time . " The mayor-elect says he won by shaking hands and knocking on doors all over town . But the groundwork for Young 's climb to the top of Philadelphia 's political world started decades ago . Young was one of the first black students to integrate Philadelphia 's white schools . After graduating from high school , he worked in a motor factory and then as a hospital housekeeper . A white boss noticed Young 's charming people skills and recommended that he become a paramedic . He eventually worked his way up to become the director of the EMT unit , and that catapulted him to his first elected job as a county supervisor in 1991 . He is also a Pentecostal minister preaching on Sunday and organizing weekly Bible studies . "  I 've been prepping for this . I felt like I knew enough people . I felt like they knew me and that if I could convince them to just give me the opportunity , things could happen , " said Young . Driving around Philadelphia in a 1981 Ford pickup truck , Young basked in the glow of victory . He calls it the "  honeymoon " period . As we drove down the road , black and white residents cheered . "  We 're so happy , " screamed one lady . Young shouted back , "  We did it ! " Until he 's sworn in as mayor , Young will work out of a makeshift transition office provided by a prominent attorney . His victory might seem unlikely but there 's little time left to celebrate . "  It 's an awesome feeling to have that kind of respect that people support you in this way , " Young said near the end of our interview . "  I 'll never let the people down which called for that . "	Philadelphia , Mississippi , elects first black mayor Town of 8,000 is best known for its notorious past , the killings of 3 civil rights workers James Young won election by 46 votes ; the town has a 55 percent white population "  When you 've been treated the way we 've been treated ... it 's so overwhelming "
Washington  CNN  -- Longtime White House reporter Helen Thomas has retired effective immediately , Hearst Corporation said Monday . The media conglomerate had employed Thomas as a syndicated columnist for its newspaper chain . Her retirement comes amid a furor created last week by her controversial comments regarding Jewish people . Thomas , 89 , was considered the dean of the White House press corps , as she was the longest-serving White House journalist . She has been reporting on administrations since 1960 , when she began covering then-President-elect John F. Kennedy and his family . Thomas , had come under fire late last week when a YouTube video surfaced showing her saying that Israel should "  get the hell out of Palestine , " and that the Jewish people should go home to "  Poland , Germany ... and America and everywhere else . " In a posting on her website Friday , Thomas apologized for her remarks . "  They do not reflect my heart-felt belief that peace will come to the Middle East only when all parties recognize the need for mutual respect and tolerance . May that day come soon , " she wrote . But the apology was not enough to silence critics , who began a rising chorus of calls for Thomas either to be terminated or suspended by Hearst . Just prior to Hearst 's announcement , the board of the White House Correspondents Association released a statement condemning Thomas ' remarks . The group of White House reporters , which includes CNN 's Ed Henry , called Thomas ' remarks "  indefensible . " The reporters ' statement said , "  Many in our profession who have known Helen for years were saddened by the comments , which were especially unfortunate in light of her role as a trailblazer on the White House beat . " And during a Monday morning briefing , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs also criticized Thomas , saying , "  Those remarks were offensive and reprehensible . I think she should and has apologized because obviously those remarks do not reflect the -- certainly the opinion of , I assume , most of the people in here and certainly not of the administration . " On Sunday , former White House Counsel Lanny Davis was among those calling for Hearst to take action against Thomas . She was also dropped by her agent , Nine Speakers Inc. , on Sunday , and Craig Crawford , who co-authored "  Listen Up , Mr. President " with Thomas , said in a blog post that he "  will no longer be working with Helen on our book projects . " Thomas , who is of Lebanese descent , made the comments to Rabbi David Nesenoff of Rabbilive.com , who told CNN his hand-held camera was in plain sight on May 27 when he asked her for "  Any comments on Israel ? " "  Tell them to get the hell out of Palestine , " she responded . "  Any better comments on Israel ? " Nesenoff asked . Thomas replied , "  Remember , these people are occupied and it 's their land , it 's not German . It 's not Poland . " Nesenoff asked where the Jews should go , and Thomas responded , "  They should go home , " which the White House reporter identified as "  Poland , Germany ... and America and everywhere else . " "  This is a story about the power of video , " Nesenoff said Monday . "  This issue was anti-Semitism , within 24 hours over a million views , we find out that someone who 's been reporting for 60 years , this is what she 's about . " The rabbi said Thomas ' website statement was n't enough and that she owes the Jewish community an apology . "  My initial reaction is she can retire from her job but she ca n't retire from her responsibility to apologize for her comments , " Nesenoff said . "  There 's a difference between telling your opinion and giving someone the finger , which is what she did . " The Anti-Defamation League said in a written statement that Thomas ' apology "  does not go far enough . " "  Her remarks were outrageous , offensive and inappropriate , " ADL national director Abraham H. Foxman said in the statement . "  Her suggestion that Israelis should go back to Poland and Germany is bigoted and shows a profound ignorance of history . We believe Thomas needs to make a more forceful and sincere apology for the pain her remarks have caused . " Her apology also was not enough for Davis , who served as special counsel to former President Bill Clinton . "  Helen Thomas , who I used to consider a close friend and who I used to respect , has showed herself to be an anti-Semitic bigot , " Davis said . "  This is not about her disagreement about her criticisms of Israel . She has a right to criticize Israel and that is not the same as being an anti-Semite . " Davis added , "  If she had asked all blacks to go back to Africa , what would the White House Correspondents Association position be as to whether she deserved White House press room credentials -- much less a privileged honorary seat ? " Ari Fleischer , who served as press secretary for former President George W. Bush , also said Thomas should be fired because of her remarks . He reiterated that demand in a statement provided to CNN Sunday . "  Helen 's statement calling for the religious cleansing of Israel is reprehensible , " Fleischer said . "  If this is n't bigotry , what is ? What she said is as bad as someone saying all blacks should leave America and go back to Africa . " "  Hearst Newspapers should do the right thing and let Helen go , " Fleischer added in the statement . CNN 's Kiran Khalid contributed to this report .	NEW : Rabbi who recorded interview says Thomas was giving Jews "  the finger " Thomas has been covering the White House since 1960 Retirement comes amid furor over remarks about Jews Thomas apologized for comments Friday
Rolling Stone  -- Relax , you legions of Hunger Gamers . We have a winner . Hollywood did n't screw up the film version of Suzanne Collins ' young-adult bestseller about a survival-of-the-fittest reality show that sends home all its teen contestants , save the victor , in body bags . The screen "  Hunger Games " radiates a hot , jumpy energy that 's irresistible . It has epic spectacle , yearning romance , suspense that wo n't quit and a shining star in Jennifer Lawrence , who gives us a female warrior worth cheering . That 's more than you can say for the castration job that the suits did on Stephenie Meyer 's "  Twilight " franchise . I 'll admit that "  Games " is n't the scary , eruptive firecracker of my dark , Tarantino-fueled imagination . And if you 're among the 26 million who devoured the Collins trilogy -- "  The Hunger Games " followed by "  Catching Fire " and "  Mockingjay " -- you know it could have been . But even wearing a PG-13 harness to ensure profitability , "  The Hunger Games " gets your pulse racing . It 's about something pertinent , the mission to define yourself in a world that 's spinning off its moral axis . As 16-year-old Katniss Everdeen , the renegade hunter who kills with a bow and arrow and stands up to take the place of her younger sister in the deadly Games , Lawrence reveals a physical and emotional grace that 's astonishing . Give her the deed , because she owns this movie . It 's not just that Katniss makes "  Twilight 's " Bella Swan look like the wimp she is , it 's that Lawrence , 21 , is an acting dynamo with the skills to let us into Katniss ' searching mind . Last year , Lawrence won an Oscar nomination for playing an Ozark girl in "  Winter 's Bone . " She 's just as affecting this time , lending primal force to this dystopian fable of a society out of sync with human values . At 142 minutes , "  The Hunger Games " can go from rushed to draggy . But director Gary Ross  "  Pleasantville , " "  Seabiscuit "  hits the high spots , using action to define character instead of obliterate it . He wisely brought in Collins to collaborate on the script he wrote with Billy Ray  "  Shattered Glass "  . That way , even when the book 's events are condensed or characters eliminated , the feeling stays true . "  The Games " are a punishment invented by the Capitol of Panem  read : North America  for the 12 districts whose rebellion against Capitol rule was crushed more than 74 years ago . The attitude of President Snow  Donald Sutherland , wily in his evil  is "  You screwed us , so we 'll screw you . " Every year on Reaping Day , a boy and a girl  ages 12 to 18  from each district are chosen by lottery to fight to the death in a televised gladiator event devised by head Games-maker Seneca Crane  Wes Bentley  . Ratings are not a problem . Even in downtrodden District 12 , where Katniss hunts for scraps to feed her sister and her widowed mother , viewing the Games is mandatory . You wo n't need your arm twisted to see the movie , artfully shot by Tom Stern  "  Mystic River "  as the scene shifts from the perverse lushness of the Capitol to the stark landscape of the battle zone . And did I mention makeovers ? All the Tributes  that 's what contenders are called  get them . Katniss has fashion genius Cinna  Lenny Kravitz doing a fun spin on Tom Ford  to create a wow dress that bursts into flame at the hem . Nice one . Like Bella before her , Katniss is pursued by two laddies-in-waiting , in this case Gale Hawthorne  Liam Hemsworth  , the strapping District 12 hunk and fellow illegal hunter she leaves behind , and Peeta Mellark  Josh Hutcherson  , the baker 's son who joins Katniss in the Games and secretly pines for her . Are you Team Gale or Team Peeta ? You might not care as much , since neither has the exotic allure of a vampire or a wolf . But Hemsworth  "  The Last Song , " with girlfriend Miley Cyrus  quickly establishes a strong , appealing presence . And Hutcherson  "  The Kids Are All Right "  brings humor and a bruised heart to a boy who needs to mature fast . Dynamite actors dot the film . Stanley Tucci is a brilliant blend of mirth and malice as Caesar Flickerman , a TV host who reps the dark side of Ryan Seacrest in this lethal version of "  American Idol . " Elizabeth Banks brings malicious wit to the bewigged and powdered PR guru Effie Trinket . "  May the odds be ever in your favor , " announces Effie with inane sincerity . And the reliably stellar Woody Harrelson cuts deep as the perpetually s *** faced Haymitch Abernathy , a former victor in the Games now acting as mentor to both Katniss and Peeta . When he 's not falling-down drunk , Haymitch instructs his protÃ © gÃ © s on how to suck up to sponsors who send supplies into the arena when a Tribute wins audience favor . So-called reality TV is given a sharp , satirical kick as Tributes learn to play and pander to hidden cameras . Is Katniss really falling for Peeta as she nurses his wounds , or is she faking it to save her a ** and his ? Discuss . Sadly , the erotic heat that Collins generates between Katniss and Peeta in a hidden cave never rises above room temperature onscreen . Hand-to-hand combat does fuel the intensity as Katniss fights career Tributes trained to go medieval on enemy ass . Check out machete-wielding Cato  Alexander Ludwig  and knife-throwing Clove  Isabelle Fuhrman  , not to mention a swarm of deadly , genetically engineered wasps called Tracker Jackers . The caring bond Katniss forms with Rue  Amandla Stenberg  , the youngest Tribute , is just a brief break from the assaults aimed to make Katniss trade her soul for survival . For all its compromises , "  The Hunger Games " is a zeitgeist movie that captures the spirit of a soul-sucking age in which ego easily trumps common cause . Ironically , the kill-to-win ethos that dominates movies from 1987 's prophetic "  The Running Man " to the undiluted brutality of Japan 's "  Battle Royale " in 2000 , may find its largest viewership in "  The Hunger Games . " But will mainstream audiences respond to the moral challenge churning under the pop-culture razzle-dazzle ? It 's anybody 's guess . My advice is to keep your eyes on Lawrence , who turns the movie into a victory by presenting a heroine propelled by principle instead of hooking up with the cutest boy . That 's what makes Katniss revolutionary . May the odds be ever in her favor . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Critic : "  Jennifer Lawrence is an acting dynamo with the skills to let us into Katniss ' mind " Reviewer says Hutcherson "  brings humor and a bruised heart to a boy who needs to mature fast " Travers : "  Elizabeth Banks brings malicious wit to the bewigged and powdered PR guru Effie Trinket "
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- Rural villages held mass burials in northern Nigeria on Sunday , the Red Cross said , raising the possibility that six days of post-election violence have produced heavy casualties . There is no official death toll , but witnesses say hundreds have died . The government has provided few other details out of concern the violence could spiral . Shehu Sani , president of the Civil Rights Congress and longtime civil rights campaigner , told CNN there have been 500 burials . CNN could not independently confirm that number . The Civil Rights Congress , based in Kaduna , has in the past been known to ally itself with pro-northern political groups . The election of President Goodluck Jonathan , who is from the majority-Christian southern part of the country , sparked violence in the Muslim-dominated north last week . Concerns about ongoing violence led Nigerian election officials last week to delay subsequent gubernatorial elections in two states . Northern Muslims in some areas charged that the elections were rigged . Armed protesters in the region prowled the streets chanting the name of former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari , the main opposition frontrunner . The last election four years ago was widely condemned for rampant vote rigging , violence , theft of ballot boxes and intimidation . While the Monday elections were marred by violence , reports of underage voting and other logistical problems , observers considered it an improvement . World leaders have urged the west African nation to probe allegations of ballot stuffing and unusually high turnout in some areas . After he was declared the victor , Jonathan warned perpetrators that persistent postelection violence could threaten the stability of the country . "  These acts of mayhem are sad reminders of the events which plunged our country into 30 months of an unfortunate civil war , " Jonathan said last week . Jonathan was referring to a period of unrest in the 1960s that spawned a civil war in Nigeria . Muslims fearing reprisal attacks in Christian areas have fled to military barracks or neighboring states , the Nigerian Red Cross said . More than 40,000 people are displaced in the north , according to the aid group . Government officials have declined to release the number of fatalities or injuries over fears it could prompt revenge attacks . Nigeria is Africa 's largest oil producer and its most populous nation with 150 million people .	Civil Rights Congress president reports 500 burials There is no official death toll , but witnesses report hundreds have died Protesters in the mostly Muslim north charge the vote was rigged Violence leads Nigerian officials to delay subsequent gubernatorial elections
Oklahoma City  CNN  -- Second-grade teacher Tammy Glasgow walks around what 's left of Briarwood Elementary , struggling to pick out of its wreckage the things that once made a school . "  This was the cafeteria . " "  This is where my desk sat . " "  This is my classroom door . " "  That yellow wall that 's standing , that 's where we were , " said Glasgow , pointing to a squat stack of cinder blocks . She , like many teachers at Oklahoma City 's Briarwood , helped keep students safe when a tornado tore through Monday , killing at least 24 people . Incredibly , given the state of the building , everyone at Briarwood survived . Their actions no doubt saved lives . Many have called the teachers -- some of whom literally shielded children with their bodies -- heroes . But that 's a word the teachers themselves do n't use . "  It 's just our job , " Glasgow said Tuesday . Opinion : The courage of teachers Right before the tornado hit , she hurried students into two bathrooms and a closet . There were about eights boys in the boys ' bathroom , including Glasgow 's son , and a dozen girls in the girls ' bathroom . She and other adults were with three children in the closet . "  Before I shut the doors , because both bathrooms had doors , I said , ` I 'm going to shut these doors , ' and I said , ' I love you . ' The boys looked at me a little strange .  I  walked in the girls '  bathroom  and said , ' I love you ' and they all said ' I love you ' back . "  I just told them to pray , and then that 's what we did the whole time in the closet , just prayed , " said Glasgow . The storm blasted through . Stuff flew everywhere . A cinder block fell on her neck . "  I just kept saying to the little girl next to me -- ` It 's almost over . It 's almost over . It 's almost over . ' And it just was n't over , " she said . Eventually though , rain started to fall and the sky lightened . Glasgow heard voices and so she and others started opening doors and pulling kids out . The children were remarkably calm . When asked to explain why that was , Glasgow said she thought they felt safe . "  We did our best to take care of them and make them feel loved and secure . People talked about us being brave , but it 's just our job . We love these kids like they 're our own . " Inside a tornado-ravaged school ` It was a miracle ' While Glasgow was hunkered down in the closet , Waynel Mayes , a first-grade teacher , distracted her students with songs and games . "  I just got all the desks and I told the kids that we were going to play worms , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  I told them to get underneath the desks , and I put them two by two , and I said , OK , we 're going to play our musical instruments , and we 're going to play worms , and we 're going to play as loud as we can . " She did n't want the children to know what was going to happen . She did n't want them to hear the roar of the storm . "  I told them to sing as loud as they could and if they got scared , they could scream , " she said . "  But keep playing , keep playing , keep playing . " Afterward , Mayes was sitting outside on a curb with one of her students when his mom walked up . She was crying and hugged her son with her whole body , happy to finally have him in her arms . Trenda Purcell had first gone to another place looking for him , but he was n't there . Relief flowed like tears . Photographer captures snapshot of courage at school "  I 'm doing great , " Purcell told Cooper . "  I am happy and pleased as punch with this lady right here because I think that she had an integral part in saving all the kids in her room . It was a miracle that kids walked out alive of that building . " Another grateful parent struggled to find the right words to thank his son 's teacher at Briarwood , Julie Simon . David Wheeler , the father of a third grader , was about 100 miles away when the tornado struck his son 's school . He drove as fast and he could , ran about a mile and hopped a ride on a couple of trucks . "  It was the worst day built in to one of the happiest moments of my life , " he said about the moment he spotted his son . "  When I saw him running down the street with Ms. Simon , everything was OK for us at that moment . " Wheeler said there 's no way to repay her for what she did . Simon will forever be a part of their family . "  She is a hero , " he said . Opinion : We love and fear the Oklahoma skies ` His teacher saved his life ' Other teachers literally risked both life and limb , shielding students with their bodies . Suzanne Haley was impaled by the leg of a desk protecting her children . "  We crowded the children under desks , and me and a fellow teacher put ourselves in front of the desks that the children were under , " she told CNN 's Piers Morgan . The roof and walls collapsed around them . "  Amazingly , by the grace of god , I kept it together , " she said . "  I could n't go into hysterics in front of my children , in front of the other students . I had to be calm for them . " "  It 's nothing anybody would n't do , " Haley said . "  These children -- we see their smiles , their tears , every day , in and out , and we love them . " Another Briarwood teacher , Cindy Lowe , instructed students to move to an inner part of a room where there was a built-in bookcase as the tornado approached . They crouched in the fetal position and used books to protect their heads , according to Lowe 's husband . Among the kids she was watching was their son . "  She sort of got over my son , got over the other children , just sort of was trying to shield anyone she could , " Chad Lowe told CNN . "  A cinder block wall actually fell on her back , and she kind of lifted herself up , " he said . After the storm passed , another teacher came to help the kids get out from under the wall and help Cindy Lowe , too . Lowe suffered a concussion and has a bad sprain on her ankle and lots of bruises , her husband said , but is expected to be OK . Their son and the other children all survived . "  His teacher saved his life , " a mother gushed to CNN affiliate KFOR . "  I have no doubt that God and his teacher , I mean , they lifted a wall off of these kids . " Survivors tell harrowing stories CNN 's Ed Lavandera reported from Oklahoma . Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jake Tapper , Ashley Fantz and Sherisse Pham contributed to this report .	NEW : A teacher was impaled by the leg of a desk while protecting her children NEW : "  Amazingly , by the grace of god , I kept it together , " she says NEW : Another teacher distracted students with games and songs Everyone survived at Briarwood Elementary , which was leveled by Monday 's tornado
CNN  -- African football 's ruling body , the Confederation of African Football , has called for a thorough investigation into how 15 fans died at a league match in the Democratic Republic of Congo . The fatalities occurred after a stampede broke out in the closing stages of Sunday 's decisive meeting between the country 's biggest clubs , AS Vita Club and TP Mazembe . Reports state that trouble flared after fans of home side Vita started throwing missiles onto the pitch with their team trailing 1-0 in a game where the victor would take the title . The police responded by firing tear gas whereupon a stampede for the exit gates led to chaotic scenes of overcrowding , resulting in the deaths and injuries to over 20 others . On its website , the Confederation of African Football  CAF  said the stampede 'cause d the collapse of a wall and a gate of the Tata Raphael stadium ' . The match was taking place in the Congolese capital Kinshasa , at the stadium that staged the legendary ` Rumble in the Jungle ' boxing bout between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman in 1974 . "  I wish to reemphasize that any acts of violence have no place in football , " CAF President Issa Hayatou told cafonline.com . "  They must be condemned in the strongest possible terms and I urge FECOFA  the Congolese FA  and authorities in DR Congo to thoroughly investigate this matter and ensure that measures  are  put in place to avoid a repeat of any incidents . " The long-serving Cameroonian also demanded that CAF be kept abreast of any proposed security measures . Kinshasa governor Andre Kimbuta has already set up a commission of inquiry to investigate the disaster . "  On behalf of FIFA and in my own name , I offer you , and the Congolese FA , my sincerest condolences , " wrote FIFA President Sepp Blatter in a letter to the President of FECOFA . "  I would be most grateful if you would pass on the deep sympathy and support of the entire international football community to the families , loved ones and clubs of the deceased and victims at this very difficult time . " "  May this message soften their pain and bring them support and comfort . " At FIFA 's headquarters in the Swiss city Zurich , the flags of both DR Congo and CAF were flown at half-mast in a sign of mourning . The disaster is the worst at a Congolese football match since a game in Butembo in 2008 , when 13 spectators -- many of whom were children -- died after police fired tear gas into the crowd shortly after stones had been thrown by the fans . Six years on , a similar set of circumstances has sparked a further devastating loss of life . The two teams are set to meet again on the weekend of May 24-25 in the group stages of the African Champions League . CAF is considering whether to play the match between AS Vita , crowned African champions in the 1970s , and four-time continental winners Mazembe behind closed doors . Mazembe stunned the footballing world in 2010 when becoming the first African side to reach the final of FIFA 's Club World Cup , but their name may now conjure up far sadder emotions .	African football body CAF calls for ` thorough ' investigation into DR Congo stadium disaster Fifteen fans died as a stampede broke out at the game between AS Vita and TP Mazembe FIFA President Sepp Blatter offers support of the entire football community Match took place in stadium of ` Rumble in the Jungle ' fame
CNN  -- Turkish-Iranian posturing on Syria , with Ankara arguing for more than limited strikes against the regime and Tehran saying that whoever strikes President Bashar al-Assad must bear the consequences , serves as a harbinger for the birth of a new Middle East order . Just as World War 1 transformed the Middle East by ending the Ottoman rule and creating contemporary nation states , so the Arab Spring has recalibrated this regional system by ushering in a tri-axial Middle East composed of : a Turkey-Kurdish-Muslim Brotherhood  MB  axis ; an Iran-Shiite axis ; and a Saudi Arabia-pro-status quo monarchies axis . Opinion : Why limited Syria strike could hurt Turkey In this fluid re-alignment , nation states will technically not disappear , but borders will increasingly be transcended by these axes as they contest regimes across the region in pursuit of installing their respective allies . Forces representing Iran 's aggrandizing foreign policy , Turkey 's pro-MB alignment and the Saudis ' desire to keep the region 's remaining regimes in place will grind against each other , cutting across existing borders and churning tensions , stoking sectarianism in the name of achieving their realist motivations . Opinion : Turkey may be Obama 's key to solving Syria crisis The novelty is not in the competition , but in the way this rivalry is playing out . In the pre-Arab Spring period , dominant Muslim nations of the region -- Egypt , Turkey , Iran and Saudi Arabia -- challenged each other by standing for different models of statecraft and often promoting opposing values . Nevertheless , this competition did not usually turn acutely violent , with the exceptions of Lebanon , a weak state that was always exposed to regional and sectarian rivalries , and Iraq , where the Saudis and Iranians took advantage of the post-2003 vacuum to back warring Sunni and Shiite militia . The tumult of the Arab Spring , however , has been a game-changer in expanding the scale and scope of these regional rivalries . Firstly , the uprisings weakened the authoritarian states in the region , thus providing new venues for them to play out . The Syrian civil war is a case in point . Secondly , Egypt 's paralysis has taken it out of the four-way regional game . Violent political polarization has transformed Egypt from "  the anchor of the Arab world " into yet another theater for regional competition among the three remaining Muslim powers : Turkey , Iran and Saudi Arabia . Turkey , too , has changed . Under the Justice and Development Party  AKP  government , Ankara has abandoned its Kemalist world view . Once shunned as a hardline Islamist party but recently rehabilitated , the AKP sees itself as a model forward for the MB and has engaged regional MB parties to this end . Ataturk 's Turkey used to look at the Middle East from the West . The new Turkey has embraced a new stance towards the region , looking at it from the AKP 's pro-MB vantage point . Is Syria plunging Mideast into sectarian war ? The AKP elites believe that if they could moderate and come to power through democratic elections in Ankara , like-minded Egyptian and Syrian MBs should be able to do the same in Cairo and Damascus . Hence , Turkey 's dream : a region ruled by MB parties , looking to Turkey for guidance . This explains why Ankara is aghast at Washington 's response to the ouster of the government of Mohamed Morsy , issuing a very rare public rebuke of Washington that harshly blamed the U.S. and the West for the bloodshed in Egypt . While Washington has accepted the MB 's ouster in Egypt , pro-status quo forces in the region , including Jordan , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , and United Arab Emirates have actually supported military intervention against the MB . These monarchies abhor the tumult of the Arab Spring . The Saudis dislike the idea of an Islamic democracy led by the MB , because they still see it as tumultuous and destabilizing . Bergen : Strange bedfellows -- Iran and al Qaeda Iran meanwhile has taken advantage of the Arab Spring to mobilize a contemporary Shiite "  mythomoteur . " Tehran has cast the pro-democracy uprising against the Assad regime in Syria as a Sunni uprising against minority Alawites , an outlier sect of Shiism , and then used this to play to the persecution syndrome of the region 's Shiites , mobilizing them from Iraq to Lebanon into Syria to rally behind the cause of propping up the Assad regime . Iran also supports the minority Shiite rebels in Yemen , who oppose a Saudi-backed government there . At the same time , the Saudis have cracked down on a pro-democracy uprising by Bahrain 's majority Shiites . These moves have helped trigger sectarian chasms in the region , especially in the northern Fertile Crescent . This arch being home to three weak states , namely Lebanon , Syria , and Iraq , is accordingly the prime theater for regional rivalries , whose borders are increasingly bleeding together . The Shiites of the northern Fertile Crescent are coalescing with each other and with Iran in ways not seen before in living memory . CNN poll : Public against Syria strike resolution Turkey , whose regime change policy in Syria has been undermined by Iran , has entered the Fertile Crescent competition , throwing its support behind the Syrian and Iraqi MB parties . This move has cast Ankara and Damascus as enemies , and also cooled ties between Ankara and Baghdad , where the government is run by Shiites that Turkey considers Iran 's peons . The Iraqi Kurds , wary of the emerging central government rule in Baghdad , have taken advantage of the situation and edged closer towards Ankara , building on the nascent energy corridor already being developed between them . The Syrian Kurds , too , are seeking Turkey 's protection . Turkey 's recent peace talks with the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  , which holds sway among not just Turkish Kurds but also Syrian Kurds , will help this rapprochement . Syrian civil war : Not just about Syria At the same time though , Turkey 's MB policy has been , for the time being , upended . The Brotherhood has fallen from government in Egypt , failed to elect its candidate to lead the Syrian opposition , and has been sidelined in Libya . Qatar , which had hitherto allied itself with Ankara to fund MB style parties , appears to be changing its heart after an unexpected change in leadership in Doha . The tri-axial Middle East includes tactical alliances . In Syria , for instance , although Turkey and the Saudis support different camps in the opposition , they are , nevertheless , united against Iran . At the same time , Ankara and Riyadh challenge each other in Egypt where Turkey stands with Morsi 's Muslim Brotherhood party and the Saudis with General Sisi 's government . Ghitis : Why the Middle East is a mess This leaves a tri-axial Middle East , in which Turkey , Iran and Saudi Arabia oppose each other in shifting alliances , vying to set a new regional order . Moving forward , it is unclear whether Riyadh will continue to use its financial and political leverage amongst Sunni regimes , particularly monarchies , to sustain its status quo posture . For Iran , Syria is the linchpin of its effort to extend beyond Shia-governed Iraq , and will determine whether it can be a broader strategic hegemon or remain relatively contained . And non-Arab Turkey , by standing for just the MB anywhere in the region , will see its influence wax and wane as each national revolution unfolds , though Ankara 's clout among the Kurds may be more permanent . The U.S. has squandered the Arab Spring by not siding with liberal democracy , an agenda promoted by none of the three regional powers . Citizens across the region have once again returned to chanting anti-U.S. slogans to explain their tumult and plight . Moving forward , Washington must navigate the new Middle East . Otherwise , the region 's political and ideological map will be redrawn by more influential anchor states . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Soner Cagaptay and Parag Khanna .	Khanna and Cagaptay say the Arab Spring has recalibrated the regional system by ushering in a tri-axial Middle East : A Turkey-Kurdish-Muslim Brotherhood axis ; an Iran-Shiite axis ; a Saudi Arabia-pro-status quo monarchies axis Iran has taken advantage of the Arab Spring to mobilize a contemporary Shiite "  mythomoteur , " they write
When Typhoon Rammasun swept through the South China Sea in July , a tiny ship was trapped in its path . The deadly storm whipped up waves over 10 meters high and winds approaching 200 miles per hour . Any regular boat would have been smashed to pieces , but this craft just a few feet long sailed through without pausing in its work . The Wave Glider is an ocean drone developed by Californian start-up Liquid Robotics . It had been collecting environmental information when the storm hit , and continued throughout the encounter to compile a unique dataset of the conditions created by Rammasun . The craft 's instruments recorded the speed and movement of waves , current and wind from the epicenter , the first such measurements from such a powerful storm , which are now available for scientists to use in the development of warning systems . The Glider consists of two parts : a surfboard-like shell that floats along the surface , bearing a row of solar panels that power the craft . This is connected by cable to the sophisticated measuring tools that float five meters below , protected from the fiercest elements , propelled by wave-powered wings that also serve as an anchor to make it almost indestructible . "  We can put them in places where humans would not be happy to go ... there is huge potential to save lives and prevent damage , " said Graham Hine , co-founder of Liquid Robotics . "  It 's pretty clear that we can forecast the direction of a hurricane , the intensity , and better understand the original formation of storms . " Read this : Robot furniture builds itself Beyond averting disasters , the drone is being used on missions to break new water in understanding the 95 % of the world 's oceans that remain unexplored . Wave Gliders are measuring acidification levels and environmental damage , and monitoring wildlife to aid conservation efforts . They are searching for new sources of fuel , chemicals and medicines , and providing security against mines and other hazards . Hine believes the drone has already transformed exploration and foresees rapid progress . "  The more you use the more efficient they are because if you launch 50 you only use one ship -- which is the bulk of expense , " he says . "  It 's a paradigm shift toward using large fleets for wider coverage and research . And the  sensor  technology gets better the more you use it . " The fleet is expanding steadily -- this summer saw the largest set of Gliders yet probing the Arctic ice to chart the effects of warming as well as to search for hydrocarbons . Such capabilities have earned the company a growing list of conservation , fuel and military clients . The current SV3 model is being upgraded to improve power storage , reliability and the sophistication of its algorithm , but experts believe the systems are already mature . "  In the last 20 years these platforms gone from experimental one-offs to workhorses , " says Chris Roman , professor of oceanography at University of Rhode Island , who uses drones in research on oil spills . "  We ca n't afford to go everywhere in manned submarines so these offer a greater range -- if submarines are like searching with a microscope , these are like satellites . " Read this : Electronic nose sniffs out cancer The Wave Glider is "  an important arrow in the quiver , " says Roman , as it offers valuable insights within its field but limited to the surface region . He would like to see its work combined with that of crafts such as the Nereus , the deepest ranging autonomous vessel , from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution  WHOI  , one of which was lost in May in the Kermadec Trench 10,000 meters deep . The fastest-growing applications in the field have been military and fuel , but Roman believes there are greater prizes on offer . "  The important things are to measure CO2 levels and acidification , the major indicators of the state of the ocean , " he says . "  This is a huge question and the more observation we have in different parts of the ocean greatly improves our ability to measure it . " Looking ahead , Liquid Robotics is opening up its platforms to research institutions to develop new and improved sensors to create new fields of investigation . A more ambitious vision is to build on communication -- between drone and command center , but also between swarms of drones working together . Beyond this , innovators in this field are seeking another level of information that combines the research of drones on the surface with drones on the sea bed , aerial drones and satellites in space . It has taken humanity until now to explore 5 % of the world 's oceans , but in the unmanned era we are making up for lost time . Read this : Robot furniture builds itself Read this : Electronic noses sniff out cancer In pictures : What the Internet really looks like	Ocean drone survives typhoon and collects data from the center Wave Glider also used in monitoring acidification , and mine sweeping Development will include collaboration between drones above and below the water
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Three Chinese nationals accused of importing thousands of counterfeit luxury handbags in the United States have been arrested in the past two days , federal authorities announced Thursday . Shoppers sort through counterfeit brand name luxury bags and wallets on a Hong Kong street . "  This was a sophisticated criminal conspiracy that trafficked millions of dollars of counterfeit goods from China , profiting off the backs of legitimate companies and their hard-working employees , " said Assistant Attorney General Alice Fisher . Authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered , involving about 300,000 bags and wallets with names like Burberry , Gucci and Coach . For customers who bought the knockoffs , it seemed like a deal . They paid a total of about $ 16 million for what would have been more than $ 100 million in handbags , purses and wallets in legitimate retail sales . The alleged leaders of the counterfeit operations are three Chinese citizens living in New York . Chong Lam , 49 , and Joyce Chan , 39 , were arrested there Wednesday . Eric Yuen , 39 , was arrested Thursday in Las Vegas , Nevada . Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who made the arrests began investigating the alleged scheme five years ago , after raids turned up counterfeit goods . The indictment was secretly returned in Richmond , Virginia , in October . The charges were unsealed when the alleged conspirators were taken into custody . Authorities seized and froze 29 bank accounts and three New York properties . The Chinese defendants will be taken to Richmond , where they will be arraigned at a later date , officials said . E-mail to a friend	Authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered Official : Scheme profited "  off the backs of legitimate companies " Counterfeit operation allegedly involved 300,000 high-end bags and wallets The alleged leaders are three Chinese citizens living in New York
CNN  Last week , I had the privilege to greet a group of about 100 Ebola survivors who were meeting at the ELWA Hospital chapel : the very structure that , seven months ago , was Monrovia 's first Ebola treatment unit . The group was diverse -- elderly , young people , even little children . Some educated , some not . Roughly equal numbers of men and women ; some dressed up in nice clothes , some in T-shirts , shorts and flip-flops . Some were clearly feeling happy just to have survived Ebola , with smiles on their faces , while others looked like they were still experiencing some of the trauma and stigma of Ebola : faces downcast , not making eye contact . As I met them , tears welled up in my eyes . These people had gotten through Ebola just like I had , but here in Liberia , where the resources , staff and treatment available were so much more limited . The gathering was initiated by the Christian Health Association of Liberia , a local nongovernmental organization that has received funding to help Ebola survivors . They were meeting with some of the survivors from the ELWA 2 Ebola Treatment Unit in order to share a modest cash benefit , intended to help survivors rebuild their lives : replacing mattresses , clothes , furniture and phones , finding new employment , and trying to fit back into their communities . They also met with Dr. John Fankhauser , another missionary doctor at ELWA . He let them know about a free survivors ' clinic at ELWA Hospital to address complications of Ebola , such as nerve damage or vision problems . On the national level , the Ebola Survivors Association of Liberia is well-organized , considering the brief time frame . It has a president , who presented me with his business card at the meeting . There are estimated to be about 1,500 Ebola survivors in Liberia . In partnership with several international organizations , the association advocates for survivors ' mental and physical needs , and educates the public about Ebola survivors to help reduce stigma . A few days earlier , I had met with another group of survivors : the ELWA Hospital Support Group for People Living with HIV/AIDS . This was quite a different meeting . There were about 15 people there , many of whom I know well from having worked with them and treated them over the years since the program began in 2001 . Now that the Ebola crisis is subsiding , they want to revitalize the group , which at times has had 80 to 100 people involved . In the past , ELWA Hospital staff ran the support group and decided how to facilitate its activities , using funds from SIM . But now these long-term clients -- they are all on anti-retroviral therapy , some for years -- want to become more independent , to be given more discretion to strategize and make decisions about how to use funding that is available . This was such an interesting and eye-opening discussion for me . Early on , when we were just starting ELWA 's treatment program for HIV , many of these clients were quite ill , and needed nutritional support , medication and health care , and help with transportation to appointments and support group meetings . Now the group has matured : Many are very stable on their medication and really thriving . At this stage , they feel the need to be treated as equal partners rather than only recipients of charity . They want more input as to how the group might benefit from funds that come in . When a donation was made by SIM to the group about six weeks ago , they chose to make soap for laundry and dishes from locally sourced lye and palm oil , to sell it as a fundraising activity . The balls of soap sell for about 12 cents each . The group has sold most of the first batch , and they are projecting a profit of about 25 % over the cost of raw materials . They want to continue soap production , using the profits to help members of the group start businesses or attend college or other training programs . When I see the spark of initiative and determination in these people who were once so sick and discouraged with their condition , I get a new sense of what might be possible for them . What were the key ingredients in developing that spark ? Our relationship started with unconditional love , and a real personal connection , as well as provision for some key practical needs , including sound medical care . And now it requires a readiness , and a means , to shift from charity to partnership . During the West African Ebola crisis , we have seen that Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia , some of the least developed nations on the continent , did not have the capacity to fight the epidemic on their own . While the initial response to Ebola required massive direct aid and assistance , let 's hope that we can also move on to real partnership in helping develop a locally led and driven health system that can do better at protecting its people from the next outbreak .	Dr. Richard Sacra got to meet with fellow Ebola survivors who are trying to put their lives back together He has seen some amazing resilience among the people in Liberia and some real ingenuity
CNN  -- South African runner Caster Semenya will be allowed to keep the gold medal she won in the women 's 800-meters at the World Athletics Championships in Berlin , Germany , in August , the country 's sports ministry announced Thursday . In a statement on their official Web site the ministry added that Semenya had been found innocent of any wrongdoing but the widely anticipated results of gender tests conducted would not be made public . "  We have agreed with the IAAF that whatever scientific tests were conducted legally within the IAAF regulations will be treated as a confidential matter between patient and doctor , " the statement read . "  As such there will be no public announcement of what the panel of scientists has found . We urge all South Africans and other people to respect this professional ethical and moral way of doing things . " The world governing body for athletics , the International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  , have refused to comment on the announcement , only reiterating a statement published on their official Web site on Wednesday that the release of their gender-test findings would be delayed until "  further notice . " The IAAF had been expected to release its findings on February 20 , but confirmed it had been in discussions with the South African Ministry of Sport and Recreation with a view to "  resolving the issues surrounding Caster Semenya 's participation in athletics . " The IAAF went on to say that the medical tests on Semenya had still to be completed . "  There will be no discussion of Semenya 's case at the forthcoming IAAF Council Meeting to be held in Monaco on 20-21 November 2009 . No further comment will be made on this subject until further notice , " their statement read . Reports in two newspapers in September said the results of the tests showed Semenya has both male and female characteristics . The IAAF has declined to confirm those reports . The South African ministry added they had been unhappy with way the testing had been handled : "  We have asked the IAAF to apologize at the way the whole Caster Semenya saga was dealt with . "  Their response is : ` It is deeply regrettable that information of a confidential nature entered the public domain . ' The IAAF is adamant that the public discourse did not originate with them . "  We also can not prove the contrary . It is our considered view that this chapter of blame apportioning must now be closed . The sport bodies must be allowed to deal with the rest of the investigations in terms of their own regulations , " the statement added . The controversy over Semenya erupted after she crushed her rivals in the 800 meters and secured victory in one minute , 55.45 seconds -- the best women 's time in the world this year . Semenya 's masculine build and dominant performance fueled existing questions about her gender , and the IAAF -- which oversees the sport worldwide -- ordered tests to be carried out .	South African Olympic runner Caster Semenya will keep her gold medal , the country 's sports ministry announced Thursday Ministry added in a statement that the results of a gender test would not be made public The world governing body for athletics , the IAAF , have refused to comment on the announcement
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- "  Blade Runner " Oscar Pistorius broke down and vomited in court Monday as he heard a pathologist testify about his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp 's injuries after he shot her dead on Valentine 's Day last year . The testimony of pathologist Gert Saayman was interrupted by Pistorius ' sobbing and retching , leading to a pause in the proceedings . Earlier , Judge Thokozile Masipa imposed a broadcast blackout on Saayman 's testimony . Masipa , who has been presiding over the weeklong trial in Pretoria , extended the ban to live reporting on Twitter . Pistorius admits he shot Steenkamp , 29 , but says that it was a tragic case of mistaken identity and that he thought she was an intruder who had broken into his home . In court , Saayman confirmed that Steenkamp died from multiple gunshot wounds , consistent with having been hit in the head , arm and hip by three shots fired through the locked door of a toilet cubicle . Pistorius appeared deeply physically distressed throughout the testimony , repeatedly making retching sounds and clutching his head in his hands . The track star , 27 , appeared at times to try to cover his ears by clasping his hands behind his neck , or he put his fingers in his ears . His brother and sister came to check on him during the brief break in Saayman 's testimony . Security guard on the stand Saayman said any of the three injuries to Steenkamp could have been fatal and all immediately incapacitating . He said it was probably the bullet to the skull that killed her almost immediately . It passed from the top of her head over her right eye to the base of her skull , suggesting that she was not standing when hit , he added . Saayman said the wounds were consistent with "  ranger " bullets , which open up "  like the petals of a flower " to cause maximum tissue damage . Earlier on Monday , defense lawyers challenged a security guard 's statements about what happened on the night . Guard Pieter Baba said he talked by phone to Pistorius the night of the killing and Pistorius said "  everything 's fine " or "  everything 's OK . " But defense lawyer Barry Roux said Pistorius had said , "  I 'm fine . " Baba was adamant , saying , "  What I just told the court is the truth . " Baba 's testimony proceeded slowly because all questions and answers had to go through a translator . He gave two statements to police , months apart . On Friday , Baba said he could hear Pistorius was crying and he knew everything was not fine . Read more : First week of the trial -- three bangs , four shots , nine witnesses Baba arrived at the house in time to witness Pistorius coming down the stairs carrying Steenkamp . "  I was so shocked , I could n't think for a few moments , " he testified . Pistorius has pleaded not guilty to one charge of murder and a firearms charge associated with Steenkamp 's killing as well as two gun indictments unrelated to her death . Follow the trial live Gun at his bedside Another witness who testified Friday , former Pistorius girlfriend Samantha Taylor , said their relationship ended when he cheated on her with Steenkamp . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel asked Taylor if she was ever at Pistorius ' house when he thought there was an intruder . Taylor said yes . She said Pistorius once heard something hit a bathroom window and woke her up to ask if she 'd heard it , too , before taking his gun and going to investigate . Taylor said Pistorius woke her up other times when he thought he 'd heard a noise . Taylor also testified that Pistorius slept with a pistol on his bedside table or on the floor beside his prosthetic legs and once became so angry after a traffic stop that he shot a gun through the sunroof of a car . Taylor said she met Pistorius in 2010 , when she was 17 , and they started dating the following year . She said they broke up twice , the second time on November 4 , 2012 , after he took Steenkamp to a sports banquet . Roux asked if Taylor admitted in two e-mails to cheating on Pistorius . Taylor says she 's never admitted to cheating on him but admits she had a relationship with another man after they broke up the first time . Roux asked Taylor for details about the time he supposedly shot the gun out of the sunroof , but Taylor could not remember the name of the highway or the location in South Africa . She testified that Pistorius was angry and irritated after the traffic stop , even though he was not driving . She said he joked around about firing a shot and then laughed after he fired . Finding inconsistencies Nel put four neighbors of Pistorius on the stand in the first week of the trial , all of whom described hearing screaming and loud bangs they thought were gunshots the night of the killing . Roux then tried to find inconsistencies or uncertainty in their stories . The defense goal is to prove there is a reasonable doubt about the guilt of the accused . One of the most dramatic witnesses was a neighbor , Johan Stipp , who rushed to the track star 's home the night he shot Steenkamp . Pistorius broke down in court as Stipp said he saw Steenkamp lying on the floor , her brain tissue mixed with blood and Pistorius praying for her to live . "  I remember the first thing he said when I got there was , ' I shot her , I thought she was a burglar and I shot her , ' " Stipp told the court in Pretoria . Although Stipp is a prosecution witness , his testimony may bolster the defense case , CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps said after Thursday 's gripping testimony . Prosecutors appear to have been trying to demonstrate that Pistorius and Steenkamp had a loud argument before the shooting , suggesting it 's the reason he killed her . But the defense is proposing that what neighbors thought was Steenkamp screaming in fear for her life was in fact Pistorius when he realized what he had done . Pistorius and at least two neighbors made phone calls to security after the shooting , allowing the defense to use phone records to establish a timeline of events . Stipp 's version of events appears to coincide with the defense case , said Phelps , who teaches law at the University of Cape Town . Trial may last three weeks Judge Masipa will decide whether Pistorius is innocent or guilty . South Africa does not have jury trials . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence , with a minimum of 25 years . Pistorius also could get five years for each gun indictment and 15 years for the firearms charge . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of culpable homicide , a crime based on negligence , and could be looking at up to 15 years on that charge , experts said . The trial is expected to take at least three weeks . Pistorius and Steenkamp were a young , attractive , high-profile couple popular in South Africa 's social circles . Pistorius , whose "  Blade Runner " nickname reflects the special prostheses he uses while running , won six Paralympic gold medals and became the first double-amputee runner to compete in the Olympics , in London in 2012 . Steenkamp , a model who was soon to star in a TV reality show , was on the cusp of becoming a celebrity in her own right at the time of her death . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene reported from Pretoria and Ralph Ellis wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Emily Smith also contributed to this report .	NEW : Pathologist tells court that any of Steenkamp 's three injuries could have been fatal Defense lawyer challenges security guard 's statements Pistorius says he mistook Steenkamp for an intruder One prosecution witness may bolster the defense case
CNN  -- The wife of former New Life Church pastor Ted Haggard said Thursday that she never considered divorce after she discovered her husband had sexual encounters with men . "  I knew that he was more than this struggle , " Gayle Haggard said on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " while promoting her new book "  Why I Stayed . " "  I knew that we spent almost 30 years together , and I knew there was so much to salvage in our relationship that was worth fighting for , " she said . Ted Haggard , the former president of the National Association of Evangelicals and the head pastor at the 14,000-member New Life , was outed publicly in 2006 by a former prostitute , Mike Jones , who said Haggard had paid him for sex over three years and had used methamphetamine in his presence . Haggard also later admitted to an inappropriate relationship with a 20-year-old male church volunteer . Haggard said Thursday night that he no longer has same-sex urges , attributing the change to therapy . He blamed his homosexual experiences on a sexual encounter with an adult man when he was in second grade , which "  formed the way my mind processes things . " "  Certainly on many levels it was devastating to me , " Gayle Haggard said of her husband 's encounters . "  But I started on a path to real education on the subject and I learned so much about the diversity of our human makeup and that all of us are the way we are for a reason . And I learned that things happen in our life that condition us in our sexuality . " Both Haggard and his wife say they have a normal physical relationship -- one that "  never stopped " even in the wake of the public scandal . "  What is so wonderful is the intimacy we have on all levels in our marriage , " Gayle Haggard said . The couple said they currently do n't belong to a church . Both agreed to leave New Life and the Colorado Springs , Colorado , area in a settlement following the scandal , but make a living by speaking about their story to church congregations around the country . "  I have n't doubted my faith in this process but I have redefined it , " Gayle Haggard said . "  Early on , I was so satisfied with my faith walk and I felt as though my life was just wonderful . "  But then I went through this very dark time where I felt like there was nothing good . ... But I held on by a thread because I trusted God was going to show me the way through that and he did . "	Ted Haggard 's wife , Gayle , reveals why she stayed in wake of public scandal Ted Haggard , who admitted having sex with men , claims he no longer has same-sex urges Gayle Haggard : "  I have n't doubted my faith in this process but I have redefined it "
CNN  -- Prosecutors in the Penn State child rape case detailed 15 responses to a grand jury by a former university official and 23 responses by another that authorities allege constitute perjury , according to court documents . Tim Curley , Penn State 's former athletic director , and Gary Schultz , a former university vice president who oversaw campus police , have been charged with perjury and failing to report an alleged 2002 sexual assault of a child by former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky . In court papers filed Friday , the Pennsylvania attorney general 's office provided portions of a transcript of a January 2011 grand jury proceeding in which prosecutors accuse Curley and Schultz of committing perjury during question-and-answer exchanges . Responding to prosecutors ' latest court action , the attorneys for Curley and Schultz issued a joint statement to the media : "  We have received the prosecution 's filings and look forward to reviewing their responses . " Prosecutors listed the answers given by Curley and Schultz to the grand jury "  with the understanding that any or all of these statements will support the charge of perjury , and that it is not required to prove the falsity of every identified statement . " A judge ruled in December that the perjury case against Curley and Schultz will go to trial , following graphic testimony from the prosecution 's star witness in the case against Sandusky , who faces more than 50 counts involving sexual acts with 10 boys since 1994 . Curley and Schultz have pleaded not guilty to the charges against them . Sandusky , a longtime defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions , is currently under house arrest as he awaits trial . He has pleaded not guilty . The star witness , Mike McQueary , testified that he told university officials that he saw Sandusky possibly sodomizing a boy in 2002 , saying that what he saw was "  extremely sexual in nature . " McQueary was a graduate assistant for the football team at the time of the alleged incident . But according to the grand jury transcript , Curley said that McQueary never stated that sexual conduct of any kind allegedly occurred between Sandusky and the boy . Central to the perjury allegations were responses from Curley and Schultz to the grand jury about what said to them regarding the 2002 incident . "  My recollection was that Mike could hear there were people in -- they were in the shower area , that they were horsing around , that they were playful , and that it just did not feel appropriate , " Curley told the grand jury , according to the transcript . "  I did n't think that it was a crime at the time , " Curley said at another point . In Schultz 's statements to the grand jury , he referred to a conversation he had with McQueary and Penn State football coach Joe Paterno , who died in January after battling lung cancer . "  My recollection was McQueary and Joe both only described what was observed in a very general way . There was no details , " Schultz told the grand jury about the locker room incident . When asked if he formed an impression about the locker room incident , according to the transcript Schultz answered : "  Well , I had the impression that it was inappropriate . Telling you what kind of thing I had in my mind without being clear , without him telling me , but , you know , I had the feeling that there was perhaps some kind of wrestling around activity and maybe Jerry might have grabbed the young boy 's genitals or something of that sort is kind of the impression that I had , " according to the grand jury transcript . Schultz told the grand jury that he had a recollection that the university asked the child protection agency to look into the matter . Curley , 57 , is now on leave from the university , and Schultz , 62 , retired in the wake of the allegations . Days after a grand jury report was released last November , Penn State trustees fired President Graham Spanier and Paterno amid criticism that they could and should have done more . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Lena Jakobsson contributed to this report .	Prosecutors allege perjury in statements by former Penn State officials to a grand jury Those statements from a grand jury transcript are part of the latest court filing Former PSU officials Tim Curley and Gary Schultz have pleaded not guilty to perjury The statements relate to an alleged 2002 child sexual assault by former coach Jerry Sundusky
Jerusalem  CNN  -- It 's a subject seldom addressed publicly in the Palestinian territories , but for the first time , a report is lifting the veil on the taboo topic of female trafficking and forced prostitution -- and calling for action to stop it . Trafficking and forced prostitution in Jerusalem , the West Bank and Gaza operate on a small-scale basis , rather than being part of a sophisticated and organized activity , the report found . But the two practices are also frequent and widespread -- and the women and girls involved have few means of escape . The 26-page report , released Wednesday and titled "  Trafficking and Forced Prostitution of Palestinian Women and Girls : Forms of Modern Day Slavery , " was researched and written by SAWA , a nonprofit Palestinian group that combats violence against women . SAWA received support for the report from UNIFEM , the United Nations Development Fund for Women , which is making the report available online . Getting information for the report -- which was completed in June 2008 but published only now -- was difficult because of the stigma suffered by the victims and the sensitivity of the subject within Palestinian society , SAWA said . Explaining the delay between completing the research and publishing the report , UNIFEM spokesman Julien Vaissier said it took a long time to analyze the data from the field , and staff in Gaza were also forced in January of this year to turn their attention to victims of the fighting in Gaza between Israel and Hamas . "  Dating -LSB- the report -RSB- 2009 would have been misleading , because the data was collected in 2008 , " he said . "  It was hard for us to publish it , and it took us a long time to decide how , whom and why , because of the situation and the sensitivity of the subject , " SAWA representative Jalal Khader added . The report found that unemployment and poverty play a major role in pushing girls and women into prostitution and making them vulnerable to exploitation by traffickers . Most of the women have also been "  violently abused by their families , especially their fathers , " the report found . The trafficked women who spoke to researchers said they had been "  battered continuously " at home , then forced into marriage , often facing further violence at the hands of their husbands . The situation is no better if the trafficked women and girls are accompanied by pimps or madams , who threaten the girls with violence if they refuse sex with clients . In one case , a trafficker called "  W " threatened to inform a girl 's family if she tried to escape and to disseminate embarrassing pictures of her engaged in sexual activity . Researchers found no studies or reports on the issue , just local newspaper reports on specific cases , SAWA said . They did manage to conduct 11 face-to-face interviews with "  informants , " or Palestinians willing to speak out about the problem . Those included police officers , victims ' lawyers , taxi drivers and hotel owners . Field researchers also managed to conduct in-person interviews with three trafficked women and included their case studies in the report . SAWA said its groundbreaking report is not meant as a comprehensive study , but rather an initial step in identifying the problem . "  For the first time , people have chosen to break the silence and speak out , and this briefing paper can be seen as a first step to start answering the need for protecting women and girl victims of trafficking and forced prostitution in the -LSB- occupied Palestinian territories -RSB- , " the report says . If the victimized women somehow escape their situations , they face further problems on several fronts . The report found there are few social networks or shelter houses to which they can turn , that they may be ostracized by their communities and families , and that the law may treat them as criminals . The first case study in the report is of a 23-year-old married mother of three from Jerusalem . A Palestinian , she says her father used to abuse her violently on a daily basis , tightening a belt around her neck until she fainted , then forcing her to live in the basement for days without food . After the woman 's father forced her into marriage at 16 , her husband raped her on their wedding night , then continued to beat her , she said . She ran away from home and met two men who promised her shelter and employment in Israel -- but instead , when she got there , she was kept in a house and forced to be a prostitute , she said . When she once refused to sleep with a client , the woman said her pimp called her father , who took her home and hit her violently until she fainted . She now lives at a safe house , the report said . In another case , a field researcher overheard two women talking in the front seat of a public taxi on the way from Jerusalem to the West Bank city of Ramallah . The woman told her friend she was unable to obtain a birth certificate for a baby fathered by one of her former clients at a brothel . The woman said she was forced to leave the brothel after becoming pregnant and now did n't know what to do : "  I went to the social services in Jerusalem , but they could not help me either , " she was overheard as saying . A lack of willingness by law enforcement to investigate these cases and prosecute the traffickers -- along with criminalizing the victims ' behavior -- only compounds the problem , the report said . The Palestinian territories use a hodgepodge of laws applicable to different areas , which also makes it difficult to take action , the report said . The report calls on Palestinian governmental organizations to draft new legislation guaranteeing that girls and women are treated as victims of crime and not as offenders , and referring to forced prostitution as sexual violence . It also urges civil groups to document cases of forced prostitution and trafficking for sexual purposes and to push the government to change the law . The United Nations defines human trafficking as the recruitment , transportation , harboring or receipt of people by force , coercion , fraud or abuse of power . Traffickers seek to exploit their victims for sexual purposes , forced labor or removal of organs , SAWA said .	Trafficking , forced prostitution in Jerusalem , West Bank , Gaza called small scale but frequent Women , girls involved have few means of escape , history of victimization , report says Report is n't a comprehensive study , but rather an initial step to identifying problem , group says Report finds few shelters , social networks for victims , who face ostracism , criminalization
CNN  -- CNN 's new documentary , "  Our Nixon , " tugs open the curtain for a moment on one of the most complex , haunted presidents in modern times . I worked on his White House staff for more than three years and can attest that that while this is n't the complete Richard Nixon , viewers get a revealing , first-hand look at parts of the man rarely seen . It is hard for younger generations to grasp just how dominant a figure Nixon was for over four decades in American life . With the exception of Franklin Roosevelt -- the Babe Ruth of 20th century politics -- only Nixon has been nominated by his party for high office in five national elections . From the days he rocketed to power as a young , ambitious congressman until he went to his grave , Nixon made the cover of Time magazine 56 times . No one else in his time was as widely respected or reviled ; no one else won a massive re-election only to leave the White House in disgrace . Nixon almost had it all -- and then he lost it . Why ? Why do colossally powerful men make a colossal hash of things , even down to today ? I was a relative innocent when I left the Navy in the early 1970s and by serendipity , was offered a job in the Nixon White House by Raymond Price , then the head of the speechwriting team and soon a wonderful mentor . Ray asked me to be his administrative assistant and within weeks , I was a note taker in Cabinet meetings , where I had a bird 's - eye view of Nixon at his best . The CNN documentary captures some of those heady moments through the home movie cameras of Bob Haldeman  chief of staff  , John Ehrlichman  top domestic adviser  and Dwight Chapin  RN 's aide-de-camp and television impresario  . The films show how much Nixon doted on the pomp and circumstance of the office -- the balloon drops at conventions , waving to mammoth crowds  7 million turned out when we went to Cairo  , walking the Great Wall in China , sipping champagne with Zhou Enlai . Nixon lapped it all up . Photos : Nixon through the years What is missing from the films are the serious , thoughtful conversations of Nixon away from cameras . In truth , he was the best strategist I have seen in the presidency -- someone able to go up on a mountain top , look 30 years into the future and try to bend the arc of history to favor the nation 's security interests . He was a student of the past and like one of his heroes , Winston Churchill , thought that a leader who can see farther back can see farther ahead . Americans knew he could be mean and duplicitous , but I sensed they voted for him because they also thought he was smart enough and tough enough to keep the Soviets at bay . They were right . If your home is threatened , you want a German shepherd , not a cocker spaniel . In my early days as a junior lieutenant , I mostly saw the bright side of Nixon -- the one who read books recommended to him by his early counselor , Pat Moynihan , and debated the virtues of World War I generals with Henry Kissinger . Only when I had more experience and he invited me in closer did he begin to reveal the rest of him -- the dark side . That darker side is woven through the CNN documentary , mostly through the secret tapings that he made of himself and those with whom he was talking . Only a select few knew of the taping system ; learning of it was a shock to all the rest of us on staff . I had not heard most of the tapes here but found them consistent with the Nixon I eventually came to know : a brooding , deeply insecure man who laments how little support he has from his own Cabinet and how much bias he sees in the press . It has been said that even paranoids have real enemies . Indeed , Nixon had plenty of real enemies , but his insecurities prompted him to create even more in the way he lashed back . He came to believe that politics is a jungle and that to survive , one must observe the law of the jungle : Either eat or be eaten . Zelizer : Four lessons from Nixon 's presidency The late Leonard Garment -- along with Ray Price , one of the white hats in that White House -- thought Watergate could be traced back to the Vietnam War . Nixon came to power not only with insecurities but with a bitterly divisive war on his hands , one that threatened to tear the country apart . As was his wont , Nixon thought he had to control events , not be controlled by them . So , he started bugging the phones of reporters and his own appointees and eventually he set up a "  plumbers " unit to stop national security leaks . In view of Garment , who served as a close legal adviser to Nixon , that effort to control anti-war fever turned into a political operation during the 1972 re-election . From there , it was only a tiny step to the Watergate break-in at Democratic headquarters . That is a persuasive theory , but I concluded there was something more basic also at work in Nixon 's downfall -- and we see pieces of it in the CNN documentary . Fundamentally , I believe that as Carl Jung argued , each of us has a bright and dark side , and that the task of becoming a mature , integrated adult is to conquer one 's dark side or at least bring it under control . Nixon simply did not have that dark side under control -- he had demons inside him and when they rose up in fury , as they did so often , they could not only destroy others but destroy him , too . There have been moments since his downfall that I have actually felt sorry for him . As a wise counselor of his , Bryce Harlow , once observed , we will never know what happened to Nixon when he was young , but it must have been something terrible . A word about the three men behind the cameras in the documentary : I knew each of them in varying degrees and am sure they never envisioned themselves as Nixon "  henchmen . " As their films suggest , they thought they had a ringside seat on one of the greatest shows ever -- and loved it . But they were swept into the web of intrigue in that White House and went along with the deceits , the dirty tricks and yes , the criminality . Ehrlichman eventually felt bitter and betrayed by Nixon ; Haldeman , as the film represents , felt the critics were terribly wrong and that one day , Nixon would be better understood . Emotionally , I was drawn more to Chapin : he was young and relatively innocent , too , and he was one of the most creative advisers I have seen in the White House -- an impresario in the league of Mike Deaver and Jerry Rafshoon . His "  sin , " I believe , is that he was so devoted that he would do anything to protect Nixon . He paid with a broken career -- the price reckless leaders often exact from the young . Forty years later , Dwight -- to his credit -- is still trying to protect what he can of Nixon , telling me and others where he thinks the CNN documentary film is wrong  too one-sided , he thinks , and misleading in various ways  . To this day , historians as well as those of us who lived through the Nixon period , disagree in our judgments . I will always believe that Nixon had elements of greatness in him , but he was ultimately the architect of his own downfall -- he could not control that dark , inner fury and , for the good of the country , he had to go . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen .	David Gergen worked in the Nixon administration as a young staffer He recalls being impressed by Nixon 's thinking but got glimpses of his dark side Nixon had enemies but also dealt with inner demons he could n't control , Gergen says Gergen : New film gives viewers a side of Nixon rarely seen
Cairo  CNN  -- Ousted Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak is depressed and refusing to eat as he awaits trial on charges of ordering police to kill anti-government protesters , a state news agency reported Tuesday . Mubarak is consuming only liquids and juices , is weak and has lost a lot of weight , Mohammed Fathallah , the head of the hospital where the ex-president is being held , told the state-run EgyptNews . Fathallah 's deputy , Dr. Asim Azzam , told the agency that the former leader 's vital signs were semi-stable . The 83-year-old Mubarak ruled Egypt for more than 29 years before a popular uprising drove him from office in February . He has been hospitalized since April , after suffering heart palpitations . Prosecutors have said Mubarak suffers from depression , fatigue , repeated irregular heartbeats , low blood pressure that could lead to fainting and an increased risk of heart attack . His lawyer disclosed in June that the ex-president been struggling with complications from 2010 surgery for stomach cancer . On July 18 , hospital officials reported that Mubarak had fallen into a coma , but one "  that did not last long , " Fathallah told CNN . But he is still scheduled to stand trial in August on charges that he ordered police to turn their guns on demonstrators before his ouster -- a charge that carries a possible death sentence . Egyptian officials have said that courts can proceed with a trial if a defendant is in poor health or even on life support . Mubarak and his two sons are also accused of corruption and misusing state funds . He has denied the charges against him .	Doctors told a state news agency that Mubarak is weak and has lost weight The former Egyptian leader has been ailing since his February ouster
CNN  The sons of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak were released from prison Monday after serving 18 months , according to the state-run MENA news agency . Gamal and Alaa Mubarak had served the maximum pretrial detention allowed . A previous embezzlement conviction of the two sons and their father was overturned this year , but they all face a retrial on the embezzlement charges . The Mubaraks and four new defendants are accused of embezzling $ 17.9 million allocated for the renovation of presidential palaces . Mubarak was sentenced last year to three years in prison ; his sons to four years each . They have maintained their innocence . The Mubaraks appealed , saying their sentences were too harsh . Mubarak ruled Egypt as President for 29 years before he was ousted during the Arab Spring protests . In another case , he was convicted in 2012 of issuing orders to kill peaceful protesters during the country 's 2011 uprising and was sentenced to life in prison . He appealed and was granted a new trial last year . In November , he was cleared of those charges and of corruption . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Hosni Mubarak 's two sons have been released from prison They had served the maximum pretrial detention They face embezzlement charges
CNN  -- The search for a missing 7-year-old Oregon boy is now in its fifth day . Police said they are not ready to call Kyron Horman 's disappearance a criminal investigation yet , while the boy 's parents have indicated they will release a statement to the public sometime Wednesday . "  We 're not prepared to call it a criminal investigation at this point , " Captain Jason Gates of the Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office told reporters Tuesday , "  But we are certainly prepared to call it a missing endangered child investigation . " He also narrowed the scope of the incident . "  What I can tell you is that we have no reason to believe that this is anything other than an isolated case , " Gates said . Kyron was reported missing by his stepmother Friday afternoon after he did not return home from school , authorities said . According to investigators , Kyron 's stepmother said she last saw him Friday morning walking down a hallway towards his second-grade classroom at Skyline Elementary School . The school was holding a science fair at the time , officials said . "  We can tell you that we have completed 99 percent of the interviews with the children at Skyline Elementary School , " Gates said . "  We 've also completed the majority of interviews with the staff and parents at Skyline . " The sheriff 's office said no one at the school saw Kyron after 8:45 a.m. Friday and that Kyron never made it to his classroom . Authorities continue to pursue hundreds of tips , most of them from Oregon and Washington . "  The leads that are being provided would not suggest that it would be a national search at this point , " Gates said . "  We do n't have enough information to satisfy the criteria to complete an Amber Alert or issue an Amber Alert , " Gates explained . "  Amber Alerts are designed to find children very quickly when we have specific information . " Anyone with information on Kyron Horman 's whereabouts is asked to call the Multnomah County Sheriff 's Office at 503-261-2847	Police not ready to call disappearance a criminal investigation Kyron Horman 's parents to release statement Wednesday 7-year-old was last seen headed to class Police pursuing tips , mostly from Oregon and Washington
CNN  -- The international governing body for athletics urged caution Friday after reports that the world-champion South African runner Caster Semenya has both male and female organs . The front cover of You magazine shows Semenya after a recent makeover . The Sydney Morning Herald in Australia and The Sun newspaper in Britain reported that gender tests ordered by the International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  show the 18-year-old is a hermaphrodite . Neither paper named the source of their information . IAAF spokesman Nick Davies would not discuss the findings with CNN . "  I simply have n't seen the results , " Davies said . "  We have received the results from Germany , but they now need to be examined by a group of experts and we will not be in a position to speak to the athlete about them for at least a few weeks . "  After that , depending on the results , we will meet privately with the athlete to discuss further action . " Has Semenya been treated fairly ? The IAAF issued a statement , saying no decision on the case will be announced until the experts can look at the results . A final decision regarding the case is not expected before the IAAF Council meets in late November in Monaco , the IAAF said . Davies also said the news reports should be treated with caution . The newspapers said extensive physical examinations of Semenya show she has no ovaries , but rather has internal testes , which are producing large amounts of testosterone . What is intersexuality ? Semenya won the women 's 800-meters gold medal at the World Athletics Championships in Berlin last month . She crushed her rivals by streaking away to secure victory in 1 minute , 55.45 seconds -- the best women 's time in the world this year . Defending champion Janeth Jepkosgei of Kenya took the silver and Jennifer Meadows of Britain claimed bronze . The IAAF said it was seeking tests on Semenya 's gender even before that race . Davies said questions about her were first raised after her astonishing displays at the African junior championships in July , with her masculine build and surprising performance fueling the rumors . South Africans reacted angrily to Friday 's reports , with one newspaper headline declaring "  outrage . " Sport and Recreation Minister Makhenkesi Stofile said he was "  shocked and disgusted " at the treatment that Semenya has received from the media , the IAAF , and the world . "  She may be a hermaphrodite , but so what ? She is still a girl , " Stofile told a news conference in Pretoria . Even if Semenya has an unfortunate "  proportion of hormones , " he said , she is still "  a young girl enjoying growing up . " Stofile said he believes the teenager 's human rights have been violated and that she was not given a chance to understand what the gender testing was all about . South Africa will fight back if Semenya is excluded from further competition , Stofile said , adding , "  It will be a third world war . " All indications were Friday that , at the very least , Semenya may be able to keep the gold medal she won in Berlin . "  Our legal advice is that , if she proves to have an advantage because of the male hormones , then it will be extremely difficult to strip the medal off her , since she has not cheated , " Davies told CNN . Semenya 's countrymen -- including her father and the South Africa team manager -- have maintained that Semenya is a female . Thousands of supporters crammed the airport in Johannesburg when she returned from Berlin last month . And this week , the athlete appeared on the cover of a South African magazine wearing makeup , jewelry and a glamorous dress . Under IAAF rules , any time there is suspicion about an athlete 's gender , the athlete can be asked to attend a medical evaluation before a panel consisting of a gynecologist , an endocrinologist , a psychologist , an internal medicine specialist and an expert on gender issues . There are chromosome tests and scans of the athlete 's body , Davies has said . He called gender verification -- which is generally required only for female athletes -- "  an extremely complex procedure . " The process of gender verification has undergone big changes since it was first introduced for international competition in the 1960s , the IAAF said . The first mechanism involved "  rather crude and perhaps humiliating physical examinations , " which soon gave way to mouth swabs to collect chromosomes , the IAAF said . There were too many uncertainties regarding the mouth swabs , so the IAAF abandoned them in 1991 and the International Olympic Committee discontinued them in 2000 , the IAAF said . A proper test has yet to be found , the IAAF said , and the current round of tests is considered a good interim solution .	South African Sports Minister "  shocked and disgusted " at Semenya treatment Sydney Morning Herald reports tests have revealed athlete 's internal testes South Africa team manager maintains Semenya is female Semenya won the 800-meters gold at the World Athletics Championships
For the first time since the 2008 presidential race , Hillary Clinton made a foray back into the thorny world of campaign politics on Saturday , appearing at a rally for Terry McAuliffe , the longtime Clinton confidante now running for governor of Virginia . About 500 people showed up to the historic State Theatre in Falls Church , a suburb of Washington , D.C. to witness Clinton 's smiling re-emergence on the political scene , showering her with applause when she made even the slightest allusion to running for office again . What did we learn about her future plans as she considers a repeat bid for the White House in 2016 ? Not much at all , actually . But here are three important takeaways from Clinton 's first big political speech since leaving the State Department earlier this year : She was relaxed Never a dynamic speaker on the stump in 2008 , Clinton was instead relaxed , confident and authoritative on Saturday . It 's not hard to see why . This was a supremely low-risk event for Clinton -- as perfect a re-entry into national politics as she could have asked for . Barring some kind of wacky collapse in the final three weeks of the race , McAuliffe is generally expected to defeat his Republican opponent Ken Cuccinelli , though some Democrats here expect the winning margin to be a few points smaller than the eight-point lead he holds in the polls , given the usual GOP turnout edge in an off-year . The former secretary of state has a close personal friendship with McAuliffe , a longtime fundraiser , poker buddy , cheerleader , political fixer and all-purpose confidant for the Clintons . The event 's frame -- it was billed as a "  Women For Terry " rally -- was right in Clinton 's strike zone , giving her a chance to talk about politics in terms she feels most comfortable . "  The whole country is watching to see if the rights of women and girls will be respected , especially over our own bodies and our health care , " she said of the Virginia race , alluding to Cuccinelli 's efforts as a state legislator and attorney general to curb access to abortion . Add it all up , and Clinton was completely at ease on Saturday , campaigning in front a fawning audience in the Washington suburbs , talking about women 's issues and propping up one of her longtime pals . "  I thought hard about what I wanted to say to Virginians today , " she said . "  I 've been out of politics for a few years now . And I 've had a chance to think a lot about what makes our country so great . What kind of leadership is required to keep it great . " How long can Hillary Clinton wait ? She was n't afraid to jab Republicans , however gently Clinton stayed mostly positive , but she did n't shy away from taking a few shots at Republicans , albeit not by name . Talking about the political gridlock on Capitol Hill that led to a 16-day government shutdown this month , she said that "  we have seen examples of the wrong kind of leadership " in recent days , an unmistakable poke at House Republicans . "  Politicians choose scorched-earth over common ground , " she continued . "  They operate in what I called the evidence-free-zone , with ideology trumping everything else , " she said , before listing the consequences of the shutdown , such as furloughed workers and "  children thrown out of Head Start . " Clinton also made sure to highlight Republican efforts to enforce stricter abortion regulations in Virginia . McAuliffe , she said , would "  stand up against attempts to restrict women 's health choices . " Rounding out her speech , Clinton alluded to Alexis de Tocqueville , the French writer who described Americans as having "  habits of the heart " when he traveled to the U.S. nearly 200 years ago . But Clinton warned that such a spirit is under threat . "  We can not let those who do not believe in America 's progress hijack this great experiment , and substitute for the habits of the heart suspicion , hatred , anger , anxiety . That 's not as a people who we are . " Clinton on possible presidency : ` I 'm realistic ' She executed the McAuliffe game plan As much as Clinton was the story here , time and again she served as a character witness for McAuliffe , whom Republicans have relentlessly attacked as a carnival barker and Washington insider . "  I 've seen the values that he was raised with , " Clinton said of McAuliffe , standing next to her on stage at the State Theatre , along with his wife Dorothy . "  He grew up in a middle class family . He was taught about the dignity of work and the importance of looking out for each other . He started his first business at the age of 14 because he knew he was going to have to put himself through school . He 's lived those values . " The Clinton appearance was straight out of McAuliffe 's playbook from day one . No one in Virginia is surprised that his campaign deployed Clinton at this late stage of the game , an effort to stir up scads of press attention and drown out the cash-strapped Cuccinelli , who is not even airing television ads in the crucial northern Virginia media market this weekend , two ad-buying sources told CNN . Cuccinelli spent Saturday rallying the conservative base with Mike Huckabee in central Virginia . The Democrats ' goal is to lock in McAuliffe 's lead and keep their boot on Cuccinelli 's neck as they head into the final stretch . And guess what : former President Bill Clinton , the big dog himself , will also be campaigning for McAuliffe in the coming weeks . Date TBD .	Former secretary of state campaigns for Democratic candidate Setting in Virginia seems to suit Hillary Clinton 's style Appearance mostly upbeat , with a few shots at the GOP
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Helen Gym threw her arms around Duong-Nghe Ly . "  We did it , " she said , before pulling back to look at Ly , a Vietnamese immigrant and senior at the South Philadelphia High School named in the complaint . "  We did it . " The Philadelphia School District on Wednesday signed a 2 1/2 - year civil rights agreement with the U.S. Justice Department to address anti-Asian immigrant violence at South Philadelphia . The agreement requires the school to submit an anti-harassment action plan and continue implementing policies and procedures to prevent harassment based on race , color and/or national origin . The action serves as a nationwide standard for bullying prevention at schools , said Maureen Costello , director for Teaching Tolerance at the Southern Poverty Law Center . "  Every school needs a policy , but a policy is n't always enough , " Costello said . "  Everyone needs to know what to look for and how to respond . " Looking at the school system as a whole , versus creating policies that focus solely on perpetrators , is a more beneficial way to combat the issue of bullying , Costello said . "  Bullying does n't occur in a vacuum , it occurs where it 's allowed , " Costello said . "  What this  agreement  says to schools is do n't wait until there 's a problem , every school should be self-auditing . " Complaints were triggered by events on December 3 , 2009 , during which large numbers of Asian immigrant students from South Philadelphia High School were assaulted in and around the school throughout the day . Several students were sent to the hospital . The attacks followed years of harassment against Asian students at South Philadelphia High School , according to the complaints filed with the state and federal government . In the days after the incident , more than 50 Asian students organized an eight-day boycott of the school in efforts to draw attention to what they felt was an inadequate response by the school staff to the ongoing harassment and violence . The December 2009 boycott brought nationwide attention to the violence against Asian students at South Philadelphia . Months later , a federal investigation was launched after a formal civil rights complaint was filed by the Asian American Legal Defense Fund . The Justice Department , which announced its investigation in August , instructed the school system to improve the treatment of Asian students . "  We will always remember December 3 , but we will refuse to be defined by that day , " Wei Chen , who was a senior at the time of the melee , told the members of the Philadelphia School Reform Commission when the settlement was announced . "  A year ago we came to you as victims . Today we come to you as youth activists , as organizers and leaders who have shown the power to make change . " According to the complaint , "  the district and the school acted with ` deliberate indifference ' to the harassment against Asian students and ` intentional disregard for the welfare of Asian students ' " at the school . The settlement proves the violence at South Philadelphia High School was racial , not gang related as once rumored , making it a bittersweet accomplishment , because the school district failed the students , said Gym , a board member for Asian Americans United , a nonprofit organization dedicated to empowering the Asian American community . "  We celebrate the lasting gains of these agreements , " said Gym , who helped many Asian students document their experiences . "  We hope that they are also welcomed with a measure of abiding humility and deep sorrow for the lack of action that required it . " The settlement agreement , which holds the district responsible for implementation and oversight , resolves eight discrimination complaints alleging widespread harassment of Asian students at South Philadelphia High School , and will remain in effect until June 2013 . The settlement terms "  will in no way impact what is happening " unless the individuals who have been doing the bullying are brought to justice , said Steve Perry , CNN Education Contributor and principal at Capital Preparatory Magnet School in Hartford , Connecticut . "  It 's not going to change anything , " Perry said , adding that a coordinated , united front must be in place between school and home . "  Parents need to monitor what happens at home , and schools need to monitor what happens at school . " It is important to understand what bullying is , Perry said , adding that school administrators are responsible for knowing how to detect it . "  To be bullied is to have an individual or group experience systematic or focused actions , " he said . "  Bullying is that behavior that makes you not want to go to school , or not want to live anymore . " Additional settlement terms require the school and/or district to retain an expert consultant in the area of harassment and discrimination based on race , conduct training of faculty , staff and students on discrimination and harassment based on race ; to maintain records of investigations and responses to allegations of harassment ; and to provide annual compliance reports to the department and Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission , as well as makes harassment data publicly available . Litigation is not the solution to prevent bullying , said Michael Josephson , founder of the Josephson Institute Center for Youth Ethics . "  You can make the district police it , but as soon as they go off campus it 's not dealt with , " he said . In order to combat bullying , students and schools need to do more than translating correspondence into designated languages or submitting annual compliance reports to officials , Josephson said . "  The reality is we have to create a sense of solidarity . We need a kinder , gentler society where respect is the norm , " he said . "  Yes , we have to pay attention to this , but we ca n't litigate our way out of this problem . "	Schools need to be proactive about stopping bullying , expert says CNN education contributor Steve Perry says bullies must be brought to justice Another expert says we can not rely solely on legal measures to solve problem
London  CNN  -- A second batch of e-mails thought to originate from the UK research unit involved in the "  Climategate " controversy in 2009 has been posted on the Internet . A file containing approximately 5,000 private e-mails from the University of East Anglia 's Climate Research Unit  CRU  was published online Tuesday , according to the university . The CRU said in a statement that there has been "  no evidence of a recent breach of our systems , " and they suspect the latest leak may have come from the original theft two years ago . "  If genuine ... these e-mails have the appearance of having been held back after the theft of data and e-mails in 2009 to be released at a time designed to cause maximum disruption to the imminent international climate talks , " the CRU statement said . "  As in 2009 , extracts from emails have been taken completely out of context . " The original theft and subsequent publication of around 1,000 CRU e-mails in November 2009 led to claims that climate scientists were manipulating or falsifying data to exaggerate the threat of global warming . ` Climategate ' explained But a seven-month UK review chaired by Muir Russell cleared the CRU and its director professor Phil Jones in July 2010 . "  We went through this very carefully and we concluded that these behaviors did not damage our judgment of the integrity , the honesty , the rigor with which they had operated as scientists , " Russell said when the report was published . A U.S. Environmental Protection Agency report published last year also cleared climate scientists saying that their critics "  routinely misunderstand or mis-characterize the scientific issues ... and draw faulty conclusions on the state of the science . " More recently , a report published by the Berkeley Earth Surface Temperature project concluded that climate change is real . The leak comes just days before the latest round of United Nations climate talks which get underway in Durban , South Africa on November 28 .	New email leak released six days before United Nations climate talks in Durban Around 5,000 private emails published on Internet on Tuesday UK climate unit believe that emails are from the same batch stolen in 2009 Climate scientists cleared of manipulating or falsifying data by UK and U.S. reviews
CNN  -- At least 330 people were reported dead Saturday in Syria , marking the highest single-day death toll since the start of the uprising , according to opposition activists . With one week left to go , August is already the deadliest month . Here are some of the other key developments on the crisis that is spiraling out of control : On the ground : Deaths mount as assault intensifies Saturday 's death toll includes the bodies of more than 200 people that were found in and around Damascus , namely Daraya , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . It was unclear when those victims were killed . Saturday 's death toll is the highest single-day figure since the start of the uprising , said a spokesman for the group . CNN is unable to independently verify reports of violence as Syria has severely limited access to international journalists . With one week left to go , August is already the deadliest month in Syria 's 17-month crisis . Opposition activists report more than 3,700 people killed -- mostly civilians -- in just the past few weeks . Prior to Saturday , the single bloodiest day was reported on July 12 . At least 287 people were killed then , including 220 in Hama province , according to the LCC . The Syrian military 's frontal assault on the opposition appears to be ratcheting up , with indiscriminate bombings from jets and rockets fired into civilian areas . More than 10 missiles landed in Idlib province as planes opened fire with machine guns , the LCC said . Meanwhile , residents in Aleppo endured "  intense aerial shelling " by a regime warplane Saturday , the group said . President Bashar al-Assad 's government had a different take on the situation in Aleppo , the commercial and cultural heart of Syria . "  Armed forces continue pursuing terrorists in Aleppo and its countryside , " state-run media proclaimed . "  Armed forces destroy seven cars equipped with machine guns , kill terrorists and seize their weapons in Aleppo city . " The region : Abducted Lebanese pilgrim freed Hussein Ali Omar , one of 11 Lebanese Shiite pilgrims abducted in Syria , was in Turkey on Saturday after being released , according to a representative for Turkey 's foreign minister . "  We are trying to get him to his country , " the representative said . "  We think our efforts may have helped . " The Free Syrian Army has denied an allegation it was involved in the May abductions . The other 10 pilgrims are still being held . The development follows the kidnapping in Damascus of a Lebanese man , Hassan Salim Meqdad , by Syrian rebels who accused him of being a Hezbollah member . In response , Meqdad 's brother , Hatem Meqdad , told Lebanon 's state news agency that his family kidnapped 26 Syrians living in Lebanon . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu , meanwhile , rejected claims that his country was shipping weapons to Syrian rebels in their quest to oust al-Assad , the Anadolu news agency reported . "  These are the arguments which authoritarian regimes had always used to conceal their internal problems , " Davutoglu told the NTV news channel , according to Anadolu . Davutoglu added , "  No regime fighting its own people can survive long .  The al-Assad regime  has months , and maybe even weeks -- not years . " Diplomatic front : New envoy says Syrian people are ` our first masters ' Lakhdar Brahimi is the new U.N. and Arab League envoy to Syria , but he said the Syrian people will be "  our first masters . " "  We will consider their interests above and before anyone else , " the Algerian and longtime U.N. diplomat said Friday . Brahimi , who replaces Kofi Annan after months of fizzled attempts to broker peace in Syria , told U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon of his anxiety about the new post : "  Secretary-general , when you called me , I told you that I was honored , flattered , humbled and scared , and still in that frame of mind . I will definitely give this my very , very best , " Brahimi said . The Syrian crisis broke out in March 2011 after protesters , inspired by the success of popular uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia , took to the streets demanding political reform and an end to four decades of al-Assad family rule . The movement devolved into an armed conflict after a brutal crackdown by al-Assad 's forces . Opposition forces say more than 21,000 people have died . Syria 101 : A crash course on the conflict CNN 's Saad Abedine , Holly Yan and Jim Clancy contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 330 people are reported dead , including more than 200 bodies found in and around Damascus NEW : With one week left to go , August is already the deadliest month in Syria 's 17-month crisis Syrian government : Armed forces "  continue pursuing terrorists in Aleppo " Turkish foreign minister : "  No regime fighting its own people can survive long "
CNN  -- A new United Nations report asserts that both sides in the Syrian civil war have committed grave crimes in violation of international law . Government forces continue to attack civilian populations in what amounts to crimes against humanity , says the report , released Wednesday by the U.N. Human Rights Council . But anti-government groups , in their fight against President Bashar al-Assad , have themselves committed war crimes , including murder , torture and hostage-taking , the report states . The report provides details on nine massacres that it is investigating , eight believed to have been carried out by the government and one by the opposition . As the fighting rages , "  it is civilians who continue to pay the price for the failure to negotiate an end to this conflict , " the agency said in a prepared statement . The report comes as the international community grapples with how to respond to a chemical attack in Syria last month that was allegedly launched by the government . Keep up with the latest developments Government blamed for al-Bayda massacre One of the eight massacres the report attributes to government forces is a notorious event that occurred in the village of al-Bayda in May . Some victims in al-Bayda "  appeared to have been hit in the head with blunt , heavy objects , " the report states . "  Bodies of 30 women , also apparently executed , were found in a house not far from the centre while tens of bodies were strewn in the streets . Between 150-250 civilians were allegedly killed . " "  There are reasonable grounds to believe that government forces and affiliated militia including the National Defence Forces are the perpetrators of the al-Bayda massacre , " the report says . Other massacres attributed to the government involved indiscriminate shelling of certain areas and the killing of civilians by snipers . Unlawful killings by government forces also were reported at detention centers , where there was a spike of deaths of people in custody , the report says . Shootings at checkpoints and snipers killing civilians in Damascus are also blamed on the government forces . Obama seeks support for attacking Syria while pursuing diplomacy Jihadists linked to opposition abuses The anti-government war crimes recorded in the U.N. report are mostly attributed to jihadist groups who joined the battlefield late but are now among the most powerful groups . In June , anti-government forces , including members of the jihadist Jabhat al-Nusra , attacked the Shiite areas of the village of Hatla . "  There are reasonable grounds to believe that the anti-government fighters who attacked Hatla unlawfully killed at least 20 civilians in violation of international law , " the report states . The execution by anti-government forces of a 15-year-old boy accused of blasphemy is attributed to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Another unlawful death recorded by the United Nations is that of a Catholic priest in Idlib . The priest was one of the few remaining Christians in a town where Jabhat al-Nusra operated , the report states . ` No military solution ' The U.N. report is based on 258 interviews conducted between May 15 and July 15 . "  The perpetrators of these violations and crimes , on all sides , act in defiance of international law , " the report states . "  They do not fear accountability . " The period covered by the report precedes the date of the chemical attack in Syria that has brought the possibility of military strikes in response . Both sides in the civil war continue to fight because they believe that a military victory is possible , the report states , but it asserts such an outcome is not possible . "  There is no military solution to this conflict , " it says . "  Those who supply arms create but an illusion of victory . "	Government forces continue to attack civilians , the U.N. Human Rights Council says Anti-government groups , it says , also are guilty of murder , torture and hostage-taking As the fighting rages , "  it is civilians who continue to pay the price , " the agency says
Amman , Jordan  CNN  Was an American hostage held in Syria killed by a Jordanian airstrike ? That 's what ISIS said in an online posting Friday , claiming that she died in the group 's de facto capital , Raqqa . The posting Friday included a picture of a collapsed building and a claim that the woman -- confirmed by her family to be Kayla Mueller -- was being held there . But it did not show a body or provide any proof of death . Jordanian government spokesman Mohammed al-Momani said his country is looking into the claim . But , he said , "  we are highly skeptical " because of ISIS 's proven lack of credibility , and he questioned whether they could identify Jordanian warplanes so high in the sky or would hold a hostage in a "  weapon warehouse . " Later , he told CNN that ISIS uses "  these events to manipulate facts and to manipulate public opinion . " "  What we know about this terrorist organization is that they are liars when it comes to these things , " al-Momani told "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " Interior Minister Hussein Majali also knocked down the report , calling it another "  PR stunt " by ISIS . "  They tried to cause problems internally in Jordan and have n't succeeded , " Majali said . "  They are now trying to drive a wedge between the coalition with this latest low PR stunt . " ISIS has held a number of hostages from the United States , Britain and Japan . As of now , at least two Westerners are thought to be in its custody : British journalist John Cantlie , who has appeared in a number of ISIS-produced videos , and the American woman , who is a 26-year-old aid worker . CNN has not previously named Mueller because of a request from the family . Friday night , her parents , Carl and Marsha Mueller of Prescott , Arizona , issued a statement asking the people holding their daughter to contact them . "  After going to extraordinary efforts to keep Kayla 's name out of the media for so long , by securing the cooperation of journalists throughout the world , her name was released today . This news leaves us concerned , yet , we are still hopeful that Kayla is alive . We have sent you a private message and ask that you respond to us privately . " Asked about ISIS 's claim of the woman 's death in Raqqa , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said that she could not "  confirm those reports in any way . " "  Obviously  we are  deeply concerned ... , " she added . "  We have not , at this point , seen anything that corroborates  ISIS 's  claims . " The Prescott , Arizona , native was taken captive in August 2013 in Aleppo , Syria , after leaving a Doctors Without Borders hospital , her family said . Before that , Mueller graduated from Northern Arizona University and spent years traversing the world -- including India , Israel and her native Arizona , where she worked in an HIV/AIDS clinic and volunteered at a women 's shelter . Her going to Syria in late 2012 with the Danish Refugee Council and Support to Life humanitarian agency aligned with that same mission to help others . What drove her ? According to her family , Mueller would say , "  I find God in the suffering eyes reflected in mine . If this is how you are revealed to me , this is how you are revealed to me , this is how I will forever seek you . " According to a source close to the family , ISIS had set a deadline of August 13 , 2014 , for a 5 million Euro ransom to be paid or the group would kill her . When it comes to ISIS , there 's plenty of reason for skepticism . Most of its hostages have been executed by the terror group , which then touted the grisly deaths online . That was the case with Jordanian pilot Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh , who was captured by the Islamist extremist group after his F-16 fighter jet crashed while on an anti-ISIS mission near Raqqa . Video emerged Tuesday of ISIS burning him alive while he was locked in a cage . After the video came out , Jordanian officials said they have reason to believe al-Kasasbeh was actually killed in early January . That suggested that during the month between , while signaling its openness to a prisoner exchange with Jordan , ISIS had known all along that the pilot was dead . CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank is among those very dubious that ISIS is telling the truth this time around , including its claim that the U.S. hostage was alone in the building and that no militants died in the strike . "  It seems very , very convenient for propaganda purposes , from the ISIS point of view , " Cruickshank said . CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes also cast doubt . The buildings in the photo are damaged but there is no smoke . If the pictures were taken just after an airstrike , there would be smoke from smoldering debris , he said . Retired U.S. Army Lt. Col. James Reese , a CNN global affairs analyst , says it 's plausible a hostage may have been inadvertently killed in Syria . "  We all know that  the U.S.-led military coalition 's  intelligence ... in Syria is not as good as we have in Iraq now , " Reese said . "  So it is plausible  Mueller was killed  , and it could be unfortunate . But sometimes ... that happens in these wars . " Though there is no evidence Mueller was killed , U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies are working on a theory that she may have died weeks or months ago , sources said . Intelligence and law enforcement sources said the theory comes from prior intelligence on her captivity and ISIS ' past behavior with hostages . The claim of the Jordanian airstrike killing her likely is a convenient way for ISIS to explain why it killed a woman , which could be problematic for its message , the sources said . This all comes in the wake of al-Kasasbeh 's horrific killing , which spurred outrage in Jordan and beyond . His father , Safi al-Kasasbeh , afterward called on Jordan and its allies to "  annihilate " ISIS . Government officials appear , at least in their rhetoric , determined to do just that . "  Jordan will extract  revenge that equals the tragedy that has befallen the Jordanians , " government spokesman Mohammad al-Momani said . On Thursday -- a day after executing two jihadists in retaliation -- the Middle Eastern nation launched its first strikes since the news emerged about al-Kasasbeh . A squadron of warplanes from the Royal Jordanian Air Force on Friday carried out a number of strikes against ISIS targets , the military said in statement . The Jordanian armed forces did not immediately provide details on the number of aircraft nor what targets were hit . Activists told CNN that one strike killed 47 ISIS fighters . Until now , ISIS has n't shown any inclination to back down . Just the opposite , in fact : The terror group has been relentless and brutal in its quest to establish a vast caliphate under its strict , twisted version of Sharia law . The organization 's savagery seemingly knows no bounds , not only in its use of captives ' killings as grisly propaganda tools but in its campaign of mass killings , rapes , kidnappings and other atrocities while taking over swaths of Iraq and Syria . Just this week , a U.N. report claimed ISIS has stepped up its use of children in its bloody campaign , even putting price tags on some and selling them as slaves . Al-Kasasbeh 's killing was an attempt by ISIS "  to instill terror and fear in the hearts of its enemies , " making them less willing to provoke or put up a fight , says a prominent Sunni Muslim cleric who has been exiled from Syria . "  What 's happening is the opposite , " Shaykh Muhammad al-Yaqoubi told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour this week . "  The martyrdom of Moath has united Muslims ... against ISIS , leaving no slight room of doubt that these people do not represent Islam . They represent savagery , terrorism and extremism . " That seems to be the sentiment in Jordan , at least , where citizens rallied again Friday in Amman to honor al-Kasasbeh and condemn his killers . Thousands filled the King Hussein Mosque there , listening to a sermon decrying ISIS as antithetical to Islam and insisting that Muslims can not stand idly by . After prayers , crowds spilled out onto the streets to march calmly and defiantly toward Palm Square . Many held up banners and signs -- including Queen Rania , with a poster that read , "  Moath , the martyr of justice " -- and chanted , "  Long live the King . " Jordan for months has been one of a handful of nations in the region taking part in the U.S.-led coalition , a fight it continued with airstrikes Thursday and Friday at different sites around Iraq and Syria . For all the efforts of the United States and its allies , Majali , the interior minister , told CNN that the fight is personal for his fellow Jordanians . And King Abdullah II has given "  carte blanche ... to the armed forces " to carry it out , Majali said . "  This is definitely not the U.S. 's war . This is definitely our war , " said Majali . " ... I do n't want to equate ourselves with this evil force  ISIS  , but we will  take  revenge for our pilot . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh reported from Jordan and Greg Botelho and Steve Almasy wrote this report from Atlanta . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Evan Perez , Jason Hanna , Ben Brumfield , Salma Abdelaziz , Ali Younes , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Barbara Starr , Jessica King and Samira Said contributed to this report .	Kayla Mueller 's parents ask her captors to contact them privately Activists tell CNN that an airstrike in Syria kills 47 ISIS fighters U.S. officials have no evidence hostage Kayla Mueller killed
CNN  -- Every athlete competing at the London 2012 Paralympic Games has an incredible story to tell , of how they overcame tragedy or a disability they had been born with to be considered the best in the world in their chosen discipline . But for some the final , bureaucratic hurdle can prove a step too far . On Thursday it was revealed that the American swimming team 's great hope of a gold medal in the pool -- 17-year-old Victoria Arlen -- had been denied a classification to compete . Arlen had dreamed of making the London 2012 able-bodied swimming team until a neurological disease put her in a coma for two years . When she woke up she was paralyzed in both legs . Yet Arlen continued to swim and this year broke two world records . But after the International Paralympic Committee  IPC  reviewed her case , Arlen was told she could not compete . It had been decided that Arlen 's disability was n't severe enough . It appeared that she had lost out because of the complex system of disability classification , an essential tool for the Paralympic movement . Follow CNN 's live Paralympics blog And she 's not the only one to suffer . Fellow U.S. swimmer Mallory Weggemann , who lost the use of her legs after a routine epidural injection went wrong , declared she had "  lost faith " in the system when her classification was changed just before the start of London 2012 . "  I have trained the past four and a half years for these Games and within less then 24 hours before my first race was supposed to start it all changed , everything I had prepared myself for these past four years changed right there and then , " said the 23-year-old , who had been hoping to compete for nine golds but can now only go for seven . Complex Such is the myriad of different disabilities , and severity of disabilities , each athlete has to be evaluated and placed into a category to compete alongside others of the same potential . Athletes are placed in one of six main disability groups : those with spinal injuries , cerebral palsy , amputees , the blind or visually impaired , intellectual disabilities and those whose disabilities fall outside of those categories , like those born with dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each of the Paralympics ' 20 sports are divided between the different classifications and given a number that denotes the severity of the disability -- 1 being the most severe , 10 the least . Join the conversation on Twitter #cnnparalympics "  Classification exists in the Olympics as well , " explains Dr. David Howe , a former Canadian Paralympic middle-distance runner and academic at Loughborough University . "  Men and women do n't compete together , and in boxing and judo it 's based on weight , but in the Paralympics it gets broken down much more finely . "  So take people with visual impairments . You have the B3 class where someone has 10 % vision , B2 class with 5 % vision and B1 no usable vision at all . "  It has a huge impact on how you can train . If you have no usable vision you need someone to train with you . If you have 10 % they can , and they do , move around on their own . They can train . That gives them a huge advantage . " Talent , not disability In recent years the IPC has complicated things further by trying to slim down the number of medals and disciplines and look beyond the disability as the defining factor in classification . Instead , it says , look to the potential of the athlete . "  During classification ... athletes are assessed for their ability to perform in a particular event , " the IPC explains . " ` Ability ' in this case refers to an athlete 's functional potential and is not an assessment of their disability : this is a complete reversal of the old systems that were clinical and medical in origin and often intrusive . " This is why Oscar Pistorius , the South African double amputee "  Blade Runner " who made history by becoming the first track and field Paralympian to compete in the able-bodied Olympics -- can line up against runners with only one prosthetic leg . In the pool on Thursday , China 's Zheng Tao won gold in the 100 meters backstroke , destroying the field despite not having any arms . According to Howe , back when he was competing , the procedure to determine classification was very different and also highly intrusive . "  When you compete for the first time they make sure you are not fiddling the system , " he says . "  You have a medical doctor -- I have mild cerebral palsy -- physio and a technical expert . Now they have the ability to examine classification after competition . They used to run them before major competitions and force athletes through them . I refused until after the contest because it can be quite exhausting . " The move towards streamlining the classifications and having less medals to give out also has it drawbacks . "  Swimming is a bit of fiddle , " says Howe when asked about the Arlen case . "  I was there to see the British lad Jonathan Fox win gold , the roar was amazing . "  But the thing is when they came out  of the pool  he looked the most able . He was the only one not using a stick or wheelchair . "  There 's a water-based test and a land-based test , and an element that you are on a performance curve -- and that discourages training . You want to be on the right side of the thin line from the next category . Otherwise you 'll struggle . " The politics of classification But , of course , competitive sport is competitive sport -- and rival teams regularly refer athletes for reclassification if they feel they have an unfair advantage . The Paralympic movement has also been stung by several high-profile scandals . The Spanish Paralympic basketball team was stripped of their gold medals at the 2000 Sydney Games after it emerged that some of the players were n't properly tested and were not intellectually disabled . The controversy saw the entire category of intellectually disabled sport withdrawn from the next two Olympics . It is only now , in London , making a comeback . "  There 's a huge amount of politics in classification , " agrees Howe . "  I was never asked as an athlete , ` Do you think the contest was fair ? ' For the athletes  like Arlen  it can be hell . When this does happen the athletes come together ` Band of Brothers ' style . " Arlen returns In the end that is exactly what happened to Victoria Arlen . After an outcry the IPC reviewed the evidence again and cleared her to compete in this weekend 's 400 meters heats , one of the most anticipated events at the Games . But it is unlikely to be the last time the issue of classification hits the headlines . "  I 've been involved since 1986 and it 's always been an issue , " says Howe . "  It 's getting much better . But I worry that by bringing in less categories they  the IPC  are trying to be more media friendly . If it is fair , fine , but I am against that if that stops different impaired bodies being involved . "  We must not forget that , first and foremost , the Paralympics is about celebrating difference . It 's not about ability versus disability . "	The issue of disability classification at the Paralympics has caused controversy Each athlete is placed in events according to disability and ability Two U.S. swimmers battle ruling body after classifications are changed IPC trying to slim down the number of medals and disciplines at the Games
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate on Thursday rejected a Democratic bid to open debate on repealing the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy banning openly gay and lesbian soldiers from military service , possibly killing any chance for it to get passed in the current congressional session . However , a bipartisan group of senators immediately said they would raise the issue again in a separate piece of legislation . It was unclear if the bid to separate the repeal provision from a larger defense authorization bill would increase its chances for approval . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , called Thursday 's vote without an agreement with any Republican senators to support the motion , ensuring it would fail . The vote was 57-40 in favor of the cloture motion that required 60 votes to pass . A Republican filibuster forced Democrats to seek a deal that would get them the necessary GOP support to get the 60 votes to proceed . The Democratic caucus has 58 members , meaning they needed at least two Republicans to join them to overcome the filibuster . Reid had been negotiating with moderate Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine for her support , and he postponed a planned vote Wednesday to allow more time for the talks to reach agreement . However , Reid announced Thursday he was calling the vote to open debate on the defense authorization bill , saying it was time to act on it after months of Republican obstruction and intransigence . Collins , apparently caught by surprise , missed the start of Reid 's speech and requested a chance to question him on the Senate floor . She reiterated her support for repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and asked if the deal she had been discussing with Reid on Wednesday still stood . Reid indicated he would honor parameters of the deal , which would allow Republicans to offer up to 10 amendments along with ample time for debate , but he refused to make an outright commitment . He blamed Republican leaders for the situation and praised Collins for being the only GOP senator he could even speak to about a possible deal for her support . In response , Collins said , "  I am perplexed and frustrated that this important bill is going to become a victim of politics . We should be able to do better . " The vote then proceeded , with Collins joining Democrats in voting to open debate while one Democrat , newly elected Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia , voted with the filibustering Republicans . Manchin 's opposing vote killed any chance for the Democrats to succeed . President Barack Obama said in a statement that he was "  extremely disappointed that yet another filibuster has prevented the Senate from moving forward " with the defense authorization measure that includes the repeal provision . Noting support for repeal from the defense secretary , the Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman and a majority of Americans , Obama said the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy "  weakens our national security , diminishes our military readiness , and violates fundamental American principles of fairness , integrity and equality , " Obama 's statement said . "  While today 's vote was disappointing , it must not be the end of our efforts , " Obama said . "  I urge the Senate to revisit these important issues during the lame-duck session . " Gay rights advocacy groups , including those comprising military personnel , immediately condemned the Senate vote . "  Today leaders of both parties let down the U.S. military and the American people , " said Joe Solmonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign . "  Instead of doing what is right , ` the world 's greatest deliberative body ' devolved into shameful schoolyard spats that put petty partisan politics above the needs of our women and men in uniform . " Solmonese added . "  This fight is too important to give up despite this setback and we will continue fighting in this lame-duck session . It 's not over . " Sen. Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who caucuses with the Democrats , later said he believed that up to four Republican senators -- Collins , Scott Brown of Massachusetts , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , and Richard Lugar of Indiana -- might support a separate repeal proposal that he will introduce with Collins and Sen. Mark Udall , D-Colorado . Before Thursday 's vote , Reid complained that all 42 of the GOP senators have pledged to block action on any measure before the chamber deals with extending Bush-era tax cuts and authorizing government spending for the rest of the fiscal year . The Democratic strategy appeared to be to try to persuade Collins to vote for opening debate on the measure so that the two other Republicans who also have expressed support for a repeal -- Brown and Murkowski -- also might do so . Murkowski announced her support for a repeal in a statement Wednesday . Democrats were pushing for action now because the new Congress in January brings a Republican-controlled House and a diminished Democratic majority in the Senate , which will make repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell " more difficult . Collins said Wednesday she had asked Reid to delay the vote until after the Senate completes work on the package of tax measures negotiated by the White House and congressional leaders , which Republicans consider a top priority in the final weeks of the lame-duck session that ends in early January . She also wanted Reid to schedule sufficient time to debate the defense authorization bill that contains the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal measure . Both Reid and Collins , in their comments on the Senate floor Thursday , acknowledged an agreement for the debate to include up to 15 amendments -- 10 by Republicans and five by Democrats . However , Reid appeared to oppose the request to wait until the tax package had been passed . Obama has been calling senators in both parties to urge their support , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said . Before Thursday 's vote , Gibbs told reporters that congressional repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " was the best way forward , and he believed it could happen before the end of the year . Obama has called for repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell " after years of debate on the policy that detractors consider discriminatory . More than 400 military personnel were discharged under the policy in 2009 , and a federal judge ruled it unconstitutional in a case that is under appeal . Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen both have urged Congress to vote for a repeal . The measure before the Senate , which has already gained approval in the House , contains a process for implementing the change that requires certification from the president , the defense secretary and the Joint Chiefs chairman . Gates has warned that court challenges to "  do n't ask , do n't tell " could force an immediate repeal of the policy , rather than the process in the legislation that would allow the military to manage the change on a longer timetable . CNN 's Tom Cohen and CNN 's senior congressional correspondent Dana Bash contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama says he is "  extremely disappointed " Senators say they will propose a separate repeal measure Democratic push fails to win the 60 votes necessary to pass Senate Democratic leader holds the vote without an agreement with Republicans
CNN  -- India 's hosting of the 2010 Commonwealth Games ended on a high note on Thursday as badminton player Saina Nehwal won a dramatic final gold of the 11-day competition to put her country second in the overall medal table . India had earlier suffered a humiliating defeat in one of its most popular sports when Australia registered a resounding 8-0 victory in the men 's hockey final for a leading 74th gold medal and 177 in total . But Nehwal came back from the brink of defeat to secure India 's 38th victory , edging England into third place , as she won the women 's singles event . She became the first Indian to claim a Commonwealth gold in the sport , surviving a match-point in the second set before going on to beat Malaysian second seed 19-21 23-21 21-13 Wong Mew Choo . It was a much-needed boost for India , which had to deal with controversies about child labor , questions as to whether the venues in New Delhi would be ready in time , technology faults , disputed qualifications in athletics events and three positive drug tests -- one of whom was a home competitor , female walker Rani Yadav . With the sporting events concluded , the chairman of the New Delhi Organizing Committee , Suresh Kalmadi , applauded his country 's efforts during the handing-over ceremony to the 2014 host city , Glasgow of Scotland . "  For the athletes it has been a life-changing experience . For India it has been a new beginning in sports , " he told the crowd at a packed Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium after being greeted with boos . "  For the world it has been evidence of what India can do on the sporting stage . This is a new era for Indian sport . All this has made what has turned out to be the largest , the most-watched and the most enjoyable Games ever . " Australia , the host four years ago in Melbourne , was the dominant country throughout the competition -- which is contested by nations from the former British Empire , but was hit this year by the absence of many top athletes such as sprint star Usain Bolt of Jamaica . The Australian men 's field hockey team has now won gold every time since the sport was first included , in Kuala Lumpur in 1998 , and had little problems in brushing aside India on Thursday . Luke Doerner and Jason Wilon scored two goals each as their team followed up their World Cup triumph at the same Major Dhyan Chand stadium in March to seal a hat-trick of titles in 2010 along with the Champions Trophy . New Zealand won the bronze medal with a surprise victory over fourth seeds England , winning 5-3 in a penalty shootout after the match was tied 3-3 after extra-time . However , Australia 's world netball champions were unable to add Commonwealth Gold to their CV as longtime rivals New Zealand retained their title with a 66-64 victory in a rematch of the 2006 final . Kenya edged out Australia as the top nation in the track and field events , winning both the marathon races on Thursday . John Kelai ended the African country 's 20-year wait to win the men 's title as he triumphed in a time of two hours 14 minutes and 35 seconds from Michael Shelley and compatriot Amos Matui . Irene Kosgei gave Kenya a historic first success in the women 's event , edging past teammate Irene Mogake late in the race to win in a time of 2:34.32 , with Australia 's Lisa Weightman claiming bronze . Singapore dominated the closing table tennis events , continuing a gold rush that saw their players give up just one gold -- to India in the men 's doubles on Wednesday . Yang Zi beat compatriot Gao Ning 4-1 in the men 's singles final , while in another all-Singapore affair second seeds Li Jiawei and Sun Beibei upset the favored Feng Tianwei and Wang Yuegu 3-2 in the women 's doubles . But Singapore suffered defeat in the badminton arena , with top-seeded Shinta Sari and Yao Lei losing to India 's second-ranked Jwala Gutta and Ashwini Michimanda in straight sets . Malaysian top seeds Koo Kien Keat and Tan Boon Heong won the men 's doubles , beating England 's second seeds Nathan Robertson and Anthony Clark 21-19 21-14 . Robertson also had to settle for silver in the mixed doubles , despite being the top seeds , as he and Jenny Wallwork lost 22-20 21-12 by Koo Kien Keat and Chin Ee Hui , also of Malaysia .	Commonwealth Games come to a close with host India winning the final gold medal Saina Nehwal 's dramatic success in badminton event puts India second ahead of England Australia 's men 's hockey team thrashes India 8-0 in final to cap leading 74 golds overall The Scottish city of Glasgow will host the next event in 2014
CNN  -- No one wants to disappoint Don Draper . The Howard Johnson hotel chain is trying to make amends for fictionally failing the inscrutable ad man in this week 's episode of "  Mad Men . " When Draper and new wife Megan  Jon Hamm and Jessica ParÃ ©  jaunted upstate to mix work with pleasure at a trendy 1960s HoJo , potty training gone awry put the pool off limits . While it was n't a huge inconvenience for the feuding couple , it 's a nice hook for today 's marketing team . "  To the Don Drapers of the world , the Howard Johnson hotel brand would like to say this : We 're sorry and your next stay is on us , " the company said in announcing a "  Mad Men " - inspired promotion . Guests with the legal name Don Draper  ahem , the "  real " Don Draper might not qualify  can book a free one-night stay now through May 8 for stays completed by August 31 at one of eight Howard Johnson locations . Don Drapers , just ask for the "  Don Draper " rate ; guests will be required to show ID at check-in . "  At Howard Johnson hotels , our owners strive to give each and every guest a great stay , one that creates the same happy-filled memories that the brand 's legacy is built upon , " said Senior Vice President Rui Barros in a statement . "  Unfortunately , sometimes things happen that are beyond our control . This is our way of showing Mr. Draper that we value him as a guest and hope to welcome him back soon . " The long , strange trip of ` Mad Men ' It 's unlikely the promotion will clean out the hotel chain . An admittedly unscientific quest for "  Donald Draper " on an Internet people-search engine netted 249 names in the United States . The participating hotels are the Howard Johnson Plaza Anaheim Resort and the Howard Johnson Inn San Diego Sea World in California ; the Howard Johnson Inn Mystic in Mystic , Connecticut ; the Howard Johnson Plaza Hotel -- Miami Airport in Florida ; the Howard Johnson Plaza in Portland , Maine ; the Howard Johnson Toms River in New Jersey ; the Howard Johnson Rapid City in South Dakota and the Howard Johnson Express Inn near Arlington Ballpark and Six Flags in Arlington , Texas . The orange sherbet is on you , Drapers , and word to the wise : Do n't drive off without your wife .	Howard Johnson hotel chain offering a "  Don Draper " promo HoJo is playing off a recent episode of the AMC series "  Mad Men " A free night is available for guests with the legal name Don Draper
CNN  -- The European Union slapped sanctions on 13 top Syrian officials , including President Bashar al-Assad 's brother , for "  violence against demonstrators , " it announced Tuesday . Maher al-Assad , the president 's youngest brother , is commander of the army 's 4th Division and "  principal overseer " of the crackdown against protesters , the EU said . The head of Syrian intelligence , Ali Mamlouk , and Interior Minister Mohammad Ibrahim al-Chaar were also sanctioned , along with 10 other intelligence , security and business officials . Their assets in Europe are being frozen , and they 're now subject to an arms embargo and travel ban . Syria has been cracking down forcefully for weeks on anti-government protesters inspired by the "  Arab Spring " sweeping across the region . Protesters have demanded the immediate release of political prisoners , lifting of emergency and martial law , and withdrawal of intelligence forces from Syrian cities . Syrian officials describe the protesters as "  conspirators " promoting "  sedition . " On Tuesday , Syrian presidential adviser Bouthaina Shaaban told The New York Times that she believed the government had gotten the upper hand . "  I hope we are witnessing the end of the story , " she said . "  I think now we 've passed the most dangerous moment . I hope so , I think so . " State-run news agency SANA reported on the interview with the headline : "  Dr. Shaaban : We are witnessing the end of the story . " The Times said that for the story , a reporter was allowed into Syria for only a few hours . SANA also reported Tuesday that 2,684 "  rioters " had "  surrendered " and been released after pledging "  not to repeat any action against the security of the citizen and the homeland . " Also , four "  martyrs from the army forces , who were targeted by extremist terrorist groups in Homs , " were buried , SANA reported Tuesday . Last month , al-Assad lifted the country 's 48-year-old state of emergency and abolished the state security court , both of which were key demands of the demonstrators . But anti-government protests have continued , with activists alleging massive human rights abuses and calling for political and economic reforms . Security forces have relied heavily on the army and the regime 's guard to disperse demonstrations . Syrian security forces have been using soccer stadiums as makeshift prisons in at least two cities -- Banias and Daraa , the center of the uprising -- after raiding homes and arresting hundreds of residents , the directors of two human rights organizations said Monday . In addition , security forces burst into homes and took residents into custody in the Damascus suburb of Modemiyah , where there were reports of gunfire Monday , said Rami Abdul-Rahman , director of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . And in the city of Homs , a doctor said tanks were dispersed and security checkpoints were set up at the entrance to each suburb , with security forces , often backed by secret police , searching anyone passing through . The security presence was so heavy that people were afraid to demonstrate , the resident said . The witness in Homs said he knew several people killed in demonstrations Friday who could not be buried , because security forces were not allowing funerals out of fear they might turn into demonstrations . The doctor said he has seen several public buildings , including two health centers and a school , transformed into command and control centers for the Syrian security forces and military . Dozens of people have "  disappeared , " and their families believe they have been arbitrarily detained , the doctor said . A U.N. humanitarian assessment team due to enter Syria was stopped , despite having previously been given permission by authorities , a U.N. spokesman said Monday . The mission was set to visit the southern city of Daraa . U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said Monday the United Nations was trying to clarify why it was n't able to enter . More than 400 people have been arrested in Banias since Saturday , Abdul-Rahman said , adding that authorities had converted the Mediterranean city 's soccer stadium into a prison to house them . In Daraa , another human rights organization observed a similar situation . "  In Daraa , there have been so many arbitrary arrests in recent days that the army and security forces are using schools and the city 's soccer stadium as makeshift prison facilities , " said Ammar Qurabi , chairman of the National Organization for Human Rights in Syria . The heads of both organizations are not in Syria but remain in close contact with activists and protesters there . CNN has not been granted access into Syria and is unable to independently verify witness accounts . Amnesty International said Friday that more than 540 people have been killed by Syrian security forces and that many activists in pro-reform protests "  have been forced into hiding after receiving threats from Syrian authorities . " On Monday , Amnesty said at least 48 people were killed by security forces in Syria "  in the last four days , " according to local and international human rights activists .	NEW : Syrian official thinks "  the most dangerous moment " has passed NEW : 2,684 "  rioters " surrendered and were released , state-run media says 13 top officials ' assets are frozen , and they 're subject to a travel and arms ban The European Union accuses the officials of "  violence against demonstrators "
CNN  -- He is still a long-shot to win -- but centrist candidate Hassan Rouhani has suddenly injected fresh intrigue in Iran 's upcoming presidential elections . Early on , critics of the Islamic Republic had described the race as a sure-fire victory for one of the ruling establishment 's loyalists . Ultra-conservatives have dominated the field of eight candidates , which is missing leading reformist candidates like former president Hashemi Rafsanjani . Read more : Who is running in Iran 's presidential election ? He was disqualified without explanation during the vetting process carried out by the Guardian Council , a panel of clerics and lawyers . But there are strong signs that Rouhani is trying to revive Iran 's dormant reform movement -- and some observers say that could give the 65-year-old cleric a fighting chance . Iranians head to the polling booths on Friday June 14 . "  He appears to be gaining ground daily , " explains Tehran-based political analyst Sadegh Zibakalam . "  The more I hear about Rouhani , the more I 'm encouraged that he might be able to be a spoiler in this election , " adds Nader Hashemi , director of the Center for Middle East Studies at the University of Denver . Has Iranian regime learned nothing from 2009 election fiasco ? Rouhani 's campaign gathered steam last month soon after his first live interview on state television . During his exchange with the show host , Rouhani did what few Iranian politicians dare do -- accuse Iran 's state-run media of censorship and lies . Several video clips of the interview racked up thousands of views on YouTube . "  He turned the host into a cutlet , " a viewer wrote in the comment section . Days later , Rouhani held a televised rally and whipped his supporters into a frenzy when he criticized the government 's tight grip on security . "  Why does there have to be a securitized atmosphere everywhere ? " Rouhani asked the fired-up crowd . "  We must crush the securitized atmosphere . " Hashemi says that Rouhani is "  politically savvy and realizes there 's a lot of political discontent in society . He 's trying to play to that discontent as a way of rallying support to his candidacy . " Hooshang Amirahmadi : Setting the record straight Rouhani 's defiant tone seems to be winning over remnants of the Green Movement , the opposition force that exploded onto the scene during the 2009 elections , only to be later crushed by the regime 's security apparatus . Today the two main leaders of the Green Movement -- Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karoubi -- are under house arrest and Iran 's security officials have warned the public against anti-government street protests . Amanpour explains : Iran 's presidential election But Rouhani is prodding the movement 's supporters . Some of his statements echo those of the Green Movement . Last month he told students at Tehran University that the movement 's initial street protests were not a foreign plot as some regime leaders had claimed in 2009 . "  These were protests that were natural and popular , " Rouhani said . "  They should have been addressed . " Rouhani 's Twitter page suggests a progressive ideology . It features two women holding up his campaign poster : one of the women is holding a green Tupperware lid . It 's not clear if the picture is a veiled invite to the Green Movement , but many are starting to follow his lead . At a rally this month supporters chanted Rouhani and Mousavi 's names together , shouting : "  Greetings to Rouhani ! Salutes to Mousavi ! " But Iran 's notorious security forces are paying attention too . Shortly after the rally , police arrested several members of Rouhani 's campaign , state media reported . "  I think he has the potential , " says Hashemi . "  It depends on how much he really wants to tap into the public discontent . But of course doing so is very difficult because then he draws the attention and the ire of the regime who want to block a massive public rallying around a Rouhani candidacy . " Despite his growing popularity among opposition circles , Rouhani has long been a part of Iran 's ruling establishment . He 's the only cleric among the eight candidates , has close ties to Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and served in Iran 's parliament for two decades . He was also Iran 's lead nuclear negotiator from 2003 to 2005 and currently holds seats on several powerful decision-making bodies . But to be Iran 's next president he 'll have to beat several heavyweights among the ultra-conservative candidates , including top contenders like Iran 's current nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili , Tehran 's mayor Mohammad Qalibaf and Ali Akbar Velayati , A senior adviser to the Supreme Leader . Rouhani may be the dark horse but the presidential campaign is no longer as dull as some anticipated . "  More and more people are saying let 's go and vote for Rouhani , " says Zibakalam . "  I wo n't be surprised if he manages to win the vote . "	The ` dark horse ' of Iran 's election , centrist candidate Hassan Rouhani , is gaining points Critics had described the race as a sure-fire victory for one of the ruling establishment 's loyalists But there are strong signs that Rouhani is trying to revive Iran 's dormant reform movement
CNN  The moon has risen , and it 's quiet around this little Armenian village . Past a field of tilled soil and over a stone wall in a little brick house , the children have been put to bed and there is a kettle on the stove . A woman speaks in a hushed voice on the phone . Her voice is tired but full of emotion . Another woman rises with the dawn and slips a scarf over her hair as she steps into the dew of a new morning . She ushers the livestock with a rough wooden stick to the point of gathering -- from there , the village shepherd will take the animals out to pasture . Still another woman , with aged hands and a furrowed brow , is bent low over a pile of potatoes . She peels them tirelessly as she prepares food for her family . In the Armenian village of Lichk , you will find many hard-working women , but you will not find many men . All these women 's husbands are thousands of miles away . Because of the poor economic situation of this village , 90 % of its working-age men have left for better-paying construction jobs in Russia . So for eight or nine months a year , women run the village . These are sturdy women . A grit and strength sustain them as they bravely take care of not only their families , but also their village as a whole . Photographer Julien Pebrel had been working in the Caucasus region when he heard rumors of towns without men . He and his translator did some investigating and found the stories were true . He spent two weeks in September 2013 documenting the lives of the women of Lichk . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Pebrel stayed with Anoush and Ruzanna , two sisters-in-law who lived together with their families while their husbands worked in Russia . He captured painterly scenes of the village with his Rolleiflex film camera , only using his digital camera in low-lighting situations . "  That 's why I love film , " he said . "  You do n't need to do post-production to get some beautiful colors . " And indeed he has captured the feeling of a bygone era . The colors and lighting give the images a storybook quality . There is a great sense of community among the women . Everything is a team effort , from working the land , uprooting vegetables , herding the livestock across dirt roads , sheering curly-haired sheep , baking flat bread and raising wide-eyed little ones . Now this is not to say that there are no men whatsoever in Lichk . Look under the shade of a cool brick wall , and you can find the older generation wearing caps and denim as they tell stories and play cards on splintery wooden tables . These men serve as a source of authority over unruly schoolboys and provide support for their daughters-in-law . But even Pebrel says it is still "  the women who do everything . " In the beginning , Anoush and Ruzanna did n't discuss the emotional toll this separation takes on them . But by the end , they acknowledged that while most of the women in the town do trust their husbands , there is still an underlying fear that the men may lead a secret life in Russia . Worse yet is that some of the men never return . "  We try not to think too much about that , " the women told him . While there is a great deal of determined patience required for both the husbands and wives , the winter months are a time of pure celebration . When the men return at the end of the year , the village is filled with weddings , parties and births . It 's a time of joyful reuniting .  Although Pebrel said he overheard stories of children who did not recognize their fathers when they returned . Those three months together are savored before the husbands , sons and fathers will pack their suitcases and leave for the majority of another year . Again , the women will unwaveringly take the helm of this village . Despite the fiscal hardships , the exhausting manual labor and the lonely pangs they face , they remain strong and full of love . Julien Pebrel is a photographer based in Paris . He is a member of the MYOP Agency . You can follow him on Facebook .	Photographer Julien Pebrel visited an Armenian village where it 's mostly women Almost all the men are spending up to nine months a year working in Russia But the women are strong and resolute , and they keep the village going
Los Angeles  CNN  Federal agents on Tuesday raided more than three dozen "  maternity hotels " in Southern California where foreign women give birth , allegedly for the sole purpose of having a U.S.-citizen baby , authorities said . The "  maternity tourism " sites included apartment complexes in Los Angeles , Orange and San Bernardino counties where authorities believe the businesses housed the foreign nationals about to give birth , federal officials said . Those targeted residences are believed to have catered largely to women from China , who paid $ 15,000 to $ 50,000 for lodging , transportation and food , according to a statement by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Those fees do n't necessarily include medical care , authorities said . Authorities are looking for evidence of bringing in and harboring of undocumented visitors ; conspiracy , fraud and misuse of visas and permits ; tax evasion and false tax returns ; and willful failure to file report of foreign bank and financial accounts , court papers said . "  Based on the results of the investigations to date , it appears the women pay cash for prenatal visits and the actual delivery , " U.S. authorities said . "  As part of the package , clients were promised they would receive Social Security numbers and U.S. passports for their infants , which the mothers would take with them when they left the U.S. " Some of the packages included recreational trips to Disneyland , shopping malls and even to a firing range , authorities said . "  Any women encountered at the search locations will be interviewed and those identified as potential material witnesses will be directed when and where to report for further questioning , " authorities said Tuesday . Investigators were n't expected Tuesday to comment further on the outcome of the raids , said ICE spokeswoman Virginia Kice . In all , authorities obtained warrants for 37 locations and ended up searching more than 50 sites , including consensual searches , Kice said . The purported tourism businesses promoted themselves on the Internet and through social media , authorities said . One firm in Rancho Cucamonga , California , advertised in Chinese and branded itself as "  You Win USA Vacation Resort . " Operators of that firm could n't be immediately reached for comment Tuesday . Chinese women have been flocking to the United States to give birth , lured because the country grants American citizenship to anyone born on U.S. soil , CNN Money reported last month . That CNN Money account was cited in an affidavit filed Monday in a federal California court by Homeland Security Investigation agent Eric Blair , who asked a judge for a warrant to search Rancho Cucamonga apartment buildings for large sums of cash and evidence of contraband and a crime . The judge granted the warrant . Read one affidavit "  Perpetrators of visa fraud schemes typically charge $ 40,000 to $ 60,000 , which is a fee able to be paid by the wealthy in China , " Blair stated in court papers . In 2012 , about 10,000 Chinese women gave birth in the United States , more than double the 4,200 in 2008 , according to Chinese state media . Blair alleged that the birthing houses "  will generally advise foreign national clients to fly to tourism points of entry such as Hawaii or Las Vegas and to avoid traveling directly to Los Angeles International Airport . This advice is due to heightened security by  U.S. Customs and Border Protection  officials at LAX based on the volume of fraudulent visas and false statements and entry documents that CPB officials have experienced over the last decade related to birth tourism . " One operator of the alleged maternity tourism schemes in California was providing bank statements claiming he had monthly gross receipts of $ 213,968.79 and an annual income of $ 1,283,812.74 , Blair said in court papers . Those bank statements were provided by an Internal Revenue Service special agent , Blair said . Many of the families want an American child because a foreign passport could be the family 's ticket out of China if they grow weary of pollution or food safety scares . President Xi Jinping 's widespread anti-corruption campaign has given rich Chinese yet another reason to be on edge . "  If things become economically or politically uncertain in one 's country of origin , the children have a place to come to , " Leti Volpp , a law professor at the University of California , Berkeley , told CNN Money last month . The children can "  then sponsor their parents when they turn 21 , " Volpp said . The desire to leave China is especially pronounced among the wealthy . Almost two-thirds of Chinese with more than 10 million yuan  $ 1.6 million  in the bank have emigrated , or are planning to , according to a Hurun report released last year . One advertisement for a Hacienda Heights location "  claims that the apartments are extremely suitable for expectant mothers and their accompanying families , " Blair said in court documents . "  The apartment will allow expectant mothers to experience the American lifestyle during their stay . " In an interview with CNN Money in February , Felicia He , 27 , said she paid tens of thousands of dollars to give birth in California . That interview occurred well before Tuesday 's federal announcement of raids . "  I started getting ready for the trip around the end of my first trimester , " He said . "  I asked my friends who have given birth before in the U.S. for a doctor recommendation ; then I found a place to stay in the area for a few months , and purchased my plane ticket . " He , who gave birth last year , said a U.S. passport for her baby means access to better education opportunities . Foreign status opens the door to exclusive international schools in Beijing , where she lives with her husband , and the option for the child to study abroad for high school and college . There is one catch , though . Getting a U.S. passport for a baby means the child will eventually be responsible for U.S. taxes . CNN 's Sophia Yan in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	Authorities get warrants for 37 sites , search more than 50 locations in California The "  maternity tourism " sites are apartment complexes catering largely to pregnant women from China
CNN  -- Despite the recent recall of potentially contaminated Romaine , lettuce lovers do n't have to nix key ingredients from their BLTs or face lifeless , leafless salads -- they just need to go to seed . Food-borne illness has been tied to E. coli 0145 found in commercially-grown lettuce sold to wholesalers , food service outlets and some in-store salad bars and delis . Lettuce E. coli outbreak spreads to fourth state Not only can at-home growers skip this risk -- they 'll also save money , enjoy a nearly endless variety of organic and heirloom options and have fresh salads at their fingertips all year around -- even without an outdoor garden . Restaurants assure customers lettuce is safe amid recall Supplies you need : Seeds Lettuce grows in several major formats : loose leaf  like Lolla Rossa and Black Seeded Simpson  , crisphead  Iceberg and Great Lakes  , butterhead  Bibb and Buttercrunch  , Cos  also called Romaine  and stem  mostly used in Chinese cooking  . For small container gardens and windowboxes , loose leaf is a solid bet , as it grows quickly and does n't need to establish deep roots . Most hardware , garden and variety stores carry a range of popular seed varieties -- often for $ 1 or less -- but adventurous gardeners may wish to explore colorful , flavor-packed heirloom and certified organic single-seed packets and blends from online retailers . The Seed Savers Exchange and D. Landreth stock dozens , from blazing Mascara to deep , dark Red Velvet . Containers Just about any will do , from store bought terracotta pots and plastic window boxes to take-out containers , foil pie pans , halved two-liter bottles and emptied-out plastic clamshells from the supermarket . The vessel just needs to be food-safe , several inches deep and perforated at the bottom to allow drainage . Starting head lettuce in peat pots inside containers allows the option for transplant into a larger garden space -- or even sharing the bounty with friends . Picture yourself : Cool gardens Soil If it 's going into the food , it 's going into you . If possible , opt for chemical-free or organic potting soil -- increasingly available at major hardware stores and home centers . Lighting Lightly shaded outdoor areas are ideal , as tender young leaves are susceptible to burning in bright sunlight , but windowboxes and kitchen counters can also produce surprisingly robust crops . If natural light is n't available , cool white bulbs and fluorescent lights can successfully stimulate vegetative growth . The seedlings need about 12 hours of light a day , and gardeners may need to adjust the distance from bulb to soil to figure out what works best in their home . You will also need a spray bottle and some plastic wrap . Instructions : Place at least 2 inches of moist , lightly-packed potting soil into a container with drainage holes . Sprinkle a sparse layer of seeds on top of the soil and follow that with a very light dusting of soil . Mist the soil with a few pumps from a water bottle , lightly cover the container with plastic wrap and place in a warm , bright spot . The seedlings should germinate in about five days . Once they have , remove the plastic wrap and keep the container in the light for around 12 hours a day . Keep the soil moist with the spray bottle or gentle watering from a can or cup . Make sure the soil is draining and not pooling at the bottom of the container . Most crops will be ready to harvest and enjoy within three to four weeks for leaf varieties , and longer for more robust heads . Just snip leaves directly into a colander , rinse and enjoy the fruits -- and vegetables -- of your labor .	Potentially contaminated Romaine lettuce recalled after E. coli outbreak To avoid food-borne illnesses , you can grow your own lettuce You will need , seeds , container , potting soil , light , plastic and spray bottle Seedlings should germinate in about five days after planting seeds
CNN  -- Bahrain says an American teacher posted and tweeted items that incited "  hatred " against the government and the royal family and has booted her out of the kingdom . The Ministry of Communications said the teacher was deported for her "  activities linked to radical opposition groups , " as well as violating the terms of her work permit by working as an unaccredited journalist . While the government did not name the teacher , the Bahrain Center for Human Rights identified her as Erin Kilbride . The ministry said she published a number of articles for online journals , including one it says is linked to Hezbollah . "  We can not have someone teaching impressionable young children who supports an internationally recognized terrorist organization like Hezbollah , " said the principal at the school where the woman taught , according to the Bahrain News Agency . Kilbride wrote an article critical of Bahrain 's crackdown on dissent for the website Muftah . The article hinted at hypocrisy by some Gulf countries for supporting revolutions -- as long as it 's not in their own backyard . Muftah lists Kilbride on its staff page as the co-editor for its Yemen and Gulf States section . The teacher 's expulsion comes as Bahraini opposition groups gear up for a mass protest set for Wednesday . Tensions in the kingdom remain high after a 2011 uprising in which the majority Shiite population protested against the ruling Sunni minority . The protests were spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . But the demonstrations failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown by authorities in the island state , backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates under the banner of the Gulf Cooperation Council .	NEW : A human rights group identifies the teacher as Erin Kilbride The teacher was deported for "  activities linked to radical opposition groups " An opposition bloc has called for a mass protest Wednesday Tensions in the kingdom remain high after a 2011 uprising
