EL PASO , Texas  CNN  -- Sitting in high school , math and history lessons never captured Danny Santos ' imagination . The drug-fueled streets of the Texas-Mexico border provided his education , and he was an excellent student . Danny Santos , 21 , works two part-time jobs and still does n't make as much as he did as a drug mule . Santos says he became one of the thousands of American and Mexican teenagers recruited into the dangerous world of drug smuggling . "  I did n't care . I had no conscience , " Santos said at a boxing gym in El Paso , Texas . "  You 're young , and you 're naïve , and you think it 's easy . " Santos ' journey into the underworld of teenage drug smuggling offers a glimpse into how drug cartels lure teenagers into doing their dirty work . US . Customs and Border Protection officials in El Paso and San Diego report that in recent months , they 've seen a rise in the number of juvenile drug smugglers getting busted at border checkpoints . They 're often called mules . These teenagers are usually hired only to smuggle drug loads across the border . It 's a short drive or walk that offers quick cash but can carry serious consequences . Watch how teens get drugs across the border " Drug cartels "  just need someone who can legitimately cross the border , " said Bill Molaski , the El Paso Port Director for U.S. Customs and Border Protection . As an American , Santos could freely cross the El Paso-Juarez border and not raise suspicion . At age 15 , Santos says , he met "  a guy " at a party who introduced him to drug kingpins in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . "  You start off as a driver , " Santos said . "  People feel like they can trust you , then you move up to something bigger . " Two weeks later , he got a $ 4,000 job offer to drive his first load of marijuana across a bridge into El Paso . It was the beginning of a four-year smuggling career . "  I ca n't say I was n't nervous , " Santos said . "  You kind of project yourself into another time of happiness or joy . ... You just have to forget you have something illegal in the car . " In all , Santos says , he earned $ 50,000 making about 20 mule runs , driving right through heavily guarded border checkpoints . Santos , who is now 21 , says he was arrested once but spent only a few days in jail . He said charges were dropped . Because he was younger than 18 when he was arrested , and juvenile cases are sealed , CNN could not confirm his story through court records . Young smugglers do n't fit a stereotype . Several sources said that both American and Mexican teens are lured into the work . Teenage boys and girls alike are involved . Many smugglers come from middle-class families . "  There 's a lot of money in the trade , a lot of inducement for a lot of young people to get involved , " El Paso County Attorney Jose Rodriguez said . His office is responsible for prosecuting juvenile smugglers . Federal and state authorities say drug cartels recruit young smugglers from schools . Depending on the size of the drug load that 's being smuggled , a kid can be paid a couple hundred dollars up to $ 5,000 . Mexican officials say cartels have placed classified advertisements in Mexican newspapers with cryptic messages offering young people a job with good salary and benefits . A phone number is included in the ad . The officials say a cartel member sets up a meeting to determine whether the kid is up to the job . But Rodriguez offers a chilling reason why teenagers should avoid the lure of easy money . "  We had a kid here who lost a load and had some of his toes chopped off , " Rodriguez said . Santos says he got out of the smuggling business two years ago . Now he spends every day training at a boxing gym in El Paso . Boxing and smuggling can both be vicious worlds , but at least boxing is legal . However , it 's a slow climb to the top of the boxing world . He 's chasing the golden dreams of boxing championships and hoping to make more money boxing than he did smuggling . Santos is working two part-time jobs , and he says it takes him two months to earn the money that he used to make in one day of drug smuggling . He spent almost all the money he made smuggling . But he has no regrets . "  The peace of mind is good , " Santos said after a bruising workout . "  I sleep good , eat good . I feel better now . "	Danny Santos , 21 , says he made $ 50,000 in four years as a drug mule Santos smuggled drugs across U.S. border from Juarez , Mexico He was arrested once , as a juvenile , but said charges were dropped Santos now works two part-time jobs as trains as a boxer
Washington  CNN  -- Former Presidential candidate John Edwards will have to pay back over 2 million dollars in federal matching funds given to his 2008 campaign for president , the Federal Election Commission ruled on Thursday . The commission voted 6 - 0 against Edwards and contends his campaign was in "  excess of the Candidate 's entitlement . " "  At the end of the day if there were more matching funds received than campaign obligations at the point when the campaign ended you have to make a repayment , " Ellen Weintraub , FEC Commissioner said during the hearing . This latest ruling comes on the heels of Edwards ' indictment last month when a federal grand jury charged him with six counts , including conspiracy , issuing false statements and violating campaign contribution laws That indictment was brought up Thursday by FEC Commissioner Donald McGahn who called it "  the pink elephant in the room . " McGahn then asked other members of the Commission how a guilty verdict might impact Edwards ' finance filings and force him to amend what the campaign spent . His trial is scheduled to start in October . "  This gets a little confusing , this has not come up like this before , " FEC Commissioner Donald McGahn said during the hearing . The FEC determined that Edwards had received just over 2.1 million dollars in matching funds after the campaign was winding down and Edwards was no longer in the race . The commission decided that in total his campaign must pay back $ 2,278,315 in excess matching funds . According to the FEC , "  Presidential candidates receive federal government funds to pay for the valid expenses of their political campaigns in both the primary and general elections . " Edwards was represented at the hearing by his lawyers who filed this response to the audit . "  John Edwards for President did not receive any matching funds in excess of its entitlement , and hence , no repayment is due , " they countered . Edwards ' presidential campaign committee says it has $ 2.6 million in cash-on-hand as of June 30 , 2011 . It is unclear whether Edwards will use this money to pay back the US Government or if he will seek an appeal , his attorneys left the hearing without comment .	An FEC audit showed Edwards ' campaign exceeded its matching funds The commission ruled he must pay back $ 2.3 million The matter is separate from a criminal case proceeding against Edwards
CNN  -- As the district director of physical education and health literacy for Miami-Dade County Public Schools , Jayne Greenberg 's annual budget is $ 0 . That 's right -- $ 0 . It 's almost unbelievable when you know the statistics -- that one in six U.S. children are obese , that nearly one-third are overweight , and that these rates are even higher for Hispanic children  of whom Miami has a high population  . But Greenberg does n't despair . "  I 've been in my position since 1995 -- I 've never had a budget , " she says . "  It 's always been up to me to find my own money . " She has also found a way to encourage students to sign up for gym class again . Miami-Dade County Public Schools is one of nine regional finalists in the Active Schools Acceleration Project 's first annual Innovation Competition . ASAP is an initiative started by ChildObesity180.org , an organization dedicated to reversing the trend in childhood obesity . The requirements were simple : Schools had to show a way they were encouraging students to move throughout the day . The school 's program had to be creative , include all fitness levels and be easy to duplicate in other districts . "  We know there 's so much good work going to get our kids up and moving every single day all across this country , " first lady Michelle Obama says in the competition 's introduction video . "  So we want to find the most effective ways that people are increasing physical activity for kids , and then help those ideas grow to scale so that they can help even more children . " More than 30 judges evaluated the hundreds of applications . Nine regional finalists were announced Tuesday ; each will receive $ 25,000 to invest in physical activity programs . Two national winners will be announced in Washington on June 13 . They will be given $ 100,000 and ChildObesity180 will work to expand their programs across the country . In Miami , only one semester of physical education is required for high school students , and middle school students can have a parent waive the regular class . That means a child could go from fifth grade to 12th grade without ever working up a sweat . Greenberg 's solution was Fit-Tech Wellness Labs . With grant money , she converted classrooms in her local high schools into minigyms . These labs contain traverse climbing walls , gaming stationary bikes and virtual group fitness instructors . "  That 's this generation 's world , " she says . "  I knew that to engage students in becoming more physically active I had to incorporate that technology . " It worked -- high school students started enrolling voluntarily and lost an average of 8 pounds a semester . Greenberg moved the program down into the middle schools , then the elementary schools . The kids loved it . "  I like the ` Dance Dance Revolution '  game  , " fifth-grader Taylor Wood says . "  Even though you do n't think about it you 're actually exercising . " Physical activity is a learned behavior , says one of the competition 's judges , Avery Faigenbaum , a professor of health and exercise science at The College of New Jersey . "  In primary school we teach kids how to read and we teach kids how to write . We also have to teach kids how to move , " he says . "  If we expose children to these environments that are rich in opportunities to be physically active , they 're going to be more physically active as adults . " Faigenbaum rated highly the programs that incorporated movement into minibreaks throughout the school day . "  Many people look at this from the neck down , and they look at all the physical benefits . But when we 're talking about kids in school , we also have to look at the neck up . Kids who are engaged in physical activity are better learners . " Another finalist , the Healthy Schools , Healthy Families ' "  Just Move " program in New York and New Jersey , added five-minute breaks into students ' daily routine while addressing another obstacle in the fight to add physical activity in schools : how to avoid taking away classroom time . The "  Just Move " program uses exercise flashcards that are linked to a grade 's curriculum . In kindergarten , kids practice counting to 20 while doing jumping jacks . In fifth grade , they learn the difference between perpendicular and parallel lines while doing squats or talk about camels while doing the camel yoga pose . "  We had a much greater buy-in  from teachers  because it fits with what they already have to do , " says Andrea Brekke , the Healthy Schools , Healthy Families program manager . Often , childhood obesity is attributed to a "  toxic environment , " filled with endless hours of computer use and video game playing . But as Greenberg showed , technology can help in the fight against fat . "  The Walking Classroom " podcast program -- where students listen to lectures while strolling outside -- and the online social game Sqord from Chapel Hill , North Carolina , were also winners in the ASAP competition . While technology does n't change the physical environment by adding trails or gyms , it can make a positive impact , says competition judge Joan Dorn , branch chief for physical activity and health at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  Technology  ideas  ... change the social environment by incorporating the notion of getting physical activity throughout the day , " says Dorn . "  They change the environment by changing the culture and the way of thinking . "	Active Schools Acceleration Project 's Innovation Competition finalists announced Winners ' programs had to be creative , include all fitness levels Each program each will receive $ 25,000 to invest in physical activity in schools
CNN  -- E. Lynn Harris , the author who introduced millions of readers to the "  invisible life " of black gay men , was a literary pioneer whose generosity was as huge as his courage , friends said Friday . E. Lynn Harris touched fans with his courage and his kindness , friends say . Harris , 54 , died Thursday night while on a business trip to Los Angeles , California , said Laura Gilmore , his publicist . Harris wrote a series of novels that exposed readers to characters rarely depicted in literature : black , affluent gay men who were masculine , complex and , sometimes , tormented . Keith Boykin , an author and friend , said Harris encouraged the black community to talk openly about homosexuality . "  We have a ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy in the black community , " Boykin said . "  E. Lynn Harris encouraged people to ask and to tell . " How Harris broke ground In books like "  Invisible Life , " "  A Love of My Own , " and his New York Times best-selling memoir , "  What Becomes of the Brokenhearted , " Harris virtually invented a new genre : books that depicted black gay men living double lives . Though Harris wrote primarily about black gay men , some of his biggest fans were black women . His books became staples in black beauty salons , bookstores and book clubs . "  It was hard to go on a subway in places in New York or D.C. and not see some black woman reading an E. Lynn Harris novel , " Boykin said . Harris was an unlikely literary pioneer . He was a former IBM executive who decided to write about his life . He started off in 1991 selling books from the trunk of his car to African-American beauty salons and bookstores . He eventually became one of the nation 's most popular writers with an estimated 4 million of his books in print . Tina McElroy Ansa , author of "  Taking After Mudear , " met Harris at the beginning of his literary career when he was selling his first book "  Invisible Life . " She said they were both so poor they only had enough money to buy each other 's book . Ansa said she took Harris ' "  Invisible Life " home and was stunned by the time she reached page 20 . She came across a scene where Harris depicted two black men playing in the snow with one another . She immediately dropped the book , called Harris and told him she had never read such a scene before . "  I had never seen homosexual love in African-American men portrayed that way , " she says . "  It was playful , loving , and it was n't hidden . " Years later , when Harris became successful , he thanked Ansa for her early encouragement . "  He gave me a string of pearls , " Ansa said . In 2000 , Harris told the magazine Entertainment Weekly how important "  Invisible Life " was for him . " When I wrote "  Invisible Life , " it had to be the first book out of me -- it helped me to deal with my own sexuality , " Harris said . " ` For me , my 20s and early 30s were spent just hiding and running , because there was no one to tell me that my life had value and the way I felt was okay . " Standing room only at his book events "  It 's heartbreaking ; he had such a generous spirit , " said Tananarive Due , author of "  Blood Colony . " "  When I was just starting out , he flew me to an event out of his own pocket and put me up just because he thought more people should know my work , " Due said . Harris was as generous with his fans as he was with his friends , some said . They describe an author who held dinner parties for aspiring writers at his home , loved meeting and hugging fans at book readings , and never seemed to let his fame change him . "  You could get trampled at an E. Lynn Harris reading , " Ansa said . "  People loved him . " Due said Harris would answer up to 200 e-mails from his fans each day . She said Harris had been a cheerleader in college "  and a spirit of joy followed him through his life . " "  He genuinely loved being around people and remembered names , " Due said . "  I remember seeing him at an event in Florida , and one woman in the crowd raised her hand and he said , ` Oh , Mary , you were here for my hardcover book signing . ' " Nonetheless , Harris had his share of personal pain . He was born in Flint , Michigan , and grew up in Little Rock , Arkansas . In his 2003 memoir , he wrote about enduring abuse by his stepfather and an attempted suicide in 1990 . And he had critics . Some said Harris was a mediocre writer who stumbled on a winning literary formula . Boykin says Harris was stung by some of the criticism . "  He always said ` I 'm not a James Baldwin , ' " Boykin said , referring to the openly gay black author from the 1960s . "  He was writing accessible literature for the masses . " Boykin said Harris received most of his criticism not from outraged straight critics , but people within the black community . "  He was hurt by some of the criticism from some black gay men who felt he was n't portraying them accurately and others who thought he was telling too much , " Boykin said . In a 2003 Detroit Free Press interview , Harris said he resisted becoming an advocate for gay rights . "  It 's such a small part of who I am , " he said . "  It 's what I do when I 'm with my partner that puts this label on me . Most of my friends are straight . I tend to have a regular life , if you will . " Due said there has traditionally been a lot of pain associated with homosexuality in the black community . Harris took a little of that pain away with his life and his books . "  He really helped let the air in , " Due said . "  He helped us all breathe a little better . "	Pioneering author broke taboos in the black community Harris created a new genre in black literature Private struggles led to literary success Author : ` He helped us all breathe a little better "
CNN  -- A global commodities trading company says it is considering a settlement to legal claims that it is responsible for the deaths of 15 people and thousands of illnesses after 500 tons of toxic waste were dumped in the African nation of Ivory Coast . Signs such as this were still up in "  toxic zones " around Abidjan , Ivory Coast , a year after the waste dumping . The Dutch company Trafigura said studies by 20 experts it has hired conclude that the chemicals did not harm anyone . "  In view of that expert evidence , and the fact that claims are not being made in this litigation for deaths , miscarriages , still births , birth defects and other serious injuries , the parties are exploring the possibility of compromising the claims which have been made , " Trafigura said in a release Wednesday . "  A global settlement is being considered by the parties and it currently appears that this settlement is likely to be acceptable to most , if not all , of the claimants . " A United Nations report also released Wednesday said Trafigura did cause death and injury when the cargo ship Probo Koala dumped 500 tons of toxic waste belonging to the company at sites around Abidjan , the West African nation 's largest city . The incident happened in August 2006 . "  According to official estimates , 15 people died , 69 people were hospitalized and over 100,000 others , complaining of nausea and vomiting after inhaling fumes , sought medical treatment after the incident , " said the report by Okechukwu Ibeanu , an unpaid investigator for the Geneva-based U.N. Human Rights Council . "  We still do n't know -- and we may never know -- the full effect of the dumping . But there seems to be strong prima facie evidence that the reported deaths and adverse health consequences are related to the dumping of the waste . " Ibeanu , who visited Ivory Coast and the Netherlands during his investigation , urged all parties to take steps "  to address possible long-term human health and environmental effects of the incident . " According to a U.N. statement , Ibeanu said last month that the areas where the toxic waste was dumped still have not been decontaminated and continue to threaten residents ' health . Many people , he said , are still reporting headaches , skin lesions , digestive difficulties and nose , throat and lung problems . Trafigura noted in its release Wednesday that it initiated a plan two years ago that would compensate , without any admission of liability , any claimants who could demonstrate any injury caused by exposure to the waste , which the company calls "  slops . " "  The company has always maintained that the Probo Koala 's slops could not possibly have caused deaths and serious or long-term injuries , " Trafigura said . "  Independent expert witnesses firmly support Trafigura in this stance . " Trafigura also maintains it "  sought to comply with all relevant regulations and procedures concerning the offloading of the Probo Koala 's slops in Abidjan . " The company denies that the ship went to Ivory Coast solely to dump the toxic waste . "  Trafigura has consistently stated that the Probo Koala was returning from a routine commercial voyage to deliver a gasoline cargo in Lagos , Nigeria , when it stopped in Abidjan , " the company statement said . "  Consequently , any suggestion that the vessel was sent to West Africa solely for the purpose of offloading its slops is entirely inaccurate . " As one of the largest independent companies trading commodities , Trafigura has 1,900 employees in 42 nations , the company 's Web site says . "  We handle every element involved in the sourcing and trading of crude oil , petroleum products , renewable energies , metals , metal ores and concentrates for industrial consumers . " the company says . Ivory Coast , a former French colony with a population of 20 million , is also known as Cote d'Ivoire .	Dutch firm Trafigura : Toxic dumping did n't harm anyone , according to experts U.N. report : Fifteen people died , 69 were hospitalized , and thousands were treated Toxic waste areas still have not been decontaminated , U.N. statement says
CNN  Liberation 70 years ago today at Auschwitz-Birkenau was anything but a celebration for my mother , Rena Margulies , who as an 11-year-old prisoner was one of the very few children to survive the Nazi death factory . She lacked the capacity to celebrate as Russian troops in their long coats and fur hats plowed through the snow-covered landscape into the massive camp . Rena was emotionally numb , intellectually bewildered and physically drained . At that moment she could hardly imagine that the madness that had destroyed her family and community could suddenly be lifted , that life could somehow return to a semblance of normality . Liberation simply allowed her to ease her focus on immediate survival and begin a long search for understanding . In the days leading to liberation , she and her mother , Hinda , had hidden under the wooden planks of a barrack as Nazi guards evacuated the camp , forcing prisoners on death marches and shooting those who could not march ; she had witnessed musselmen , skeletal figures inhaling their last breaths , collapsing upon each other in a pile of death . She had repressed mourning for her little brother Romek who had been gassed four months earlier . One had to endure with stoicism , since any show of emotion could elicit a deadly beating or a bullet to the head . She had lived under a cloud of uncertainty and fear , wondering what had become of her father who had also been imprisoned in Auschwitz , all as she suffered from tuberculosis and malnutrition . The Russian Red Army may have have physically liberated Rena , but mentally she remained imprisoned , still feeling that she was surrounded by death . The coming days brought a series of disorienting events , rather than celebrations . The Russians handed the children striped prison uniforms , which they had never worn in camp . Rena put the uniform over her gray sackcloth dress , then marched with the other children by the barbed wire as a Russian camera crew filed the scene . This would become an iconic film clip documenting the liberation , but one that spread the false idea that all Auschwitz prisoners wore such striped uniforms when in fact they were for slave laborers who worked in Aussenkomando brigades outside the camp . On the train ride with her mother and Aunt Andzia back to their hometown of Tomaszow-Mazowiecki in central Poland , people exclaimed , "  Oh , the Jews are back . Too bad Hitler did n't kill you all ! , " then shoved Hinda and Andzia off the train . The Holocaust was over , but hate remained very much alive . It was not until four decades later that the day of liberation would come to be a celebration of sorts . Rena , her cousin Frieda and a small group of child survivors gathered on January 27 , 1985 , to celebrate what they determined was their common "  birthday " -- the day they were reborn to have a second chance at life . For each year afterward , the child survivors would meet for a weekend around January 27 to celebrate their rebirth , share cake , flowers and good wishes , but also to reflect , discuss , study and help each other face the trauma they had endured . Enough time had elapsed that they could then confront the nightmare . Study and reflection is exactly what the United Nations intended for this date when in 2005 the international body declared January 27 to be International Holocaust Remembrance Day . The U.N. urged " ... member states to develop educational programmes that will inculcate future generations with the lessons of the Holocaust in order to help prevent future acts of genocide . " Today , there are numerous deeply meaningful curricula that are of great benefit to students of all backgrounds . Just as my mother and her child survivor friends sought understanding as they tried to come to terms with the unimaginable , students around the globe must be engaged in education about the Holocaust and the lessons it holds for humanity -- because , tragically , the liberation of Auschwitz failed to deliver an end to terrorism and genocide . The world continues to suffer from too much hate-driven violence , from this month 's terror attacks in Paris , to genocides in Syria , Darfur , Rwanda and Bosnia , all case studies that the lessons of the Holocaust 70 years on remain as relevant as ever . They still must be taught , more widely disseminated and never forgotten . This is a day not merely to commemorate , but to educate .	Allan Chernoff 's mother was 11 when she was among those liberated from Auschwitz On International Holocaust Remembrance Day , the lessons of the terrible event have not been learned in many parts of the world , he says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- From ancient Phoenician galleys to 21st century super yachts , a lot has changed about the way people travel the high seas over the centuries . The Mirabella V , built in 2003 , is the world 's biggest single-masted sailing yacht , with a mast that is nearly 300 ft tall . Whether it 's one intrepid "  micro-yachtsman " navigating the Atlantic in a boat the size of a bathtub , or an elite racing team shattering world records in a state-of-the-art catamaran , these voyages all have one thing in common : they have altered the way mankind looks at the world . MainSail takes a look at the ships , and the revolutionaries they carried on their way . Voyage of the Beagle When : 1831 Who : Naturalist Charles Darwin Where : Galapagos Islands The boat : The HMS Beagle was a 90 ft , 10-gun former British Navy warship built in 1820 . The ship was repurposed and commissioned for civilian exploration voyages in 1825 . How long : Five years Legacy : Aboard the HMS Beagle , Darwin collected specimens and began to develop his theories of evolution , which would later crystallize in "  The Origin of Species . " Columbus discovers the New World When : 1492 Who : Italian explorer Christopher Columbus Where : From Spain to the Caribbean The boats : The Santa Maria was a 70 ft , three-masted ship built from pine and oak , that could carry 40 men . The Nina and the Pinta were both smaller , nimbler boats with triangle-shaped masts better for navigating tricky waterways . The square-sail Santa Maria ran aground in modern-day Haiti on Christmas Day 1492 . Legacy : Searching for a new way into the East Indies spice route , it was aboard these three ships that Columbus unintentionally discovered the Caribbean . ` Micro-yachtsman ' crosses the Atlantic in miniature boat When : 1993 Who : American Hugo Vihlen Where : Across the North Atlantic , from Newfoundland to Cornwall , England The boat : The Father 's Day , the world 's tiniest sailboat at a length of 5 ft 4 in , was so small that Vihlen had to roll up into a ball to sleep , and could n't stand up without opening the hatch and risk taking on water . Likened to a space shuttle , the boat is made from fiberglass-enclosed Airex foam and was fitted with GPS , a water maker , VHF radio and SSB/Ham radio . Legacy : Aboard the Father 's Day , Vihlen became the world 's first "  micro-yachtsman , " but it was n't all smooth sailing -- the boat was surrounded by whales , nearly capsized , and caught the tail end of a hurricane during its 105-day voyage . What world-changing voyages would you add to our list ? Sound Off below Magellan navigates Cape Horn When : 1519 Who : Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan Where : Around the world bypassing Cape Horn , South America via a narrow strait The boat : Given to Magellan by King Charles I of Spain , The Victoria was the only one of five ships to complete the trip successfully . Only 18 of its original 237 crew members survived and the ship was so badly damaged it was only kept afloat by the crew continuously pumping water out of the hull . How long : Three years Legacy : During the first ever circumnavigation of the world Magellan discovered a shortcut through a waterway in the southern tip of Chile , which helped sailors to avoid the almost continuous ocean storms off Cape Horn . The voyage also established the need for an international date line -- as the explorers found upon return that their calendars were one day off . Pilgrims sail to Plymouth Rock When : 1620 Who : The Pilgrims Where : From England to Plymouth Rock The boat : Primarily used as a cargo ship , in this instance the Mayflower , which was estimated to be between 90 and 110 ft , was used to transport 102 English separatists . How long : Two months Legacy : Half the Pilgrims died during the first winter on the Mayflower , but , in America , the ship continues to be a symbol of the bold English separatists who would encounter great hardships while they explored , and established colonies the modern-day U.S. east coast . Cook charts the Pacific When : 1772-1775 , 1778-1780 Who : English cartographer and explorer Captain James Cook Where : Pacific Ocean , Antarctic Circle The boat : Called "  the fittest ship for service I have ever seen " by Cook , the HMS Resolution was fitted with the most advanced technology of the day , including an "  Azimuth compass , " an ice anchor , a fresh water distiller , and 24 guns and small cannons . How long : Five years Legacy : Cook charted maps of the Pacific so accurate that many were still used up until 50 years ago , and proved the nonexistence of the mythical "  Terra Australis " continent believed to exist in the south Pacific . In the process , the HMS Resolution became the first ship to cross the Antarctic Circle . First solo circumnavigation of the globe When : 1895 Who : Canadian sailor Joshua Slocum Where : From Boston to Rhode Island The boat : Given as a gift to Slocum in 1892 , the rotting 36 ft vessel , The Spray , the sailor restored it for "  $ 553.62 , and 13 months of my own labor . " How long : Three years Legacy : Slocum became the first person in history to successfully circumnavigate the world solo upon his return to Rhode Island in June 1898 , inspiring generations of sailors to come . Yacht with tallest mast ever sets sail When : Built in 2003 Who : Owned by American Joe Vittoria , former CEO of Avis Where : From Portsmouth , England to the Mediterranean Sea The boat : With an overall length of 247 ft , the Mirabella V is the largest single-masted boat in the world . The super-yacht 's unprecedented mast extends up nearly 300 ft into the sky , and its main sail is over 16,000 sq ft -- the biggest in the world . Legacy : No expense was spared in the construction of Vittoria 's luxurious yacht , which cost over $ 50 million to build . The Mirabella V spends her winters in the Carribean , her summers in the Mediterranean , and can be rented for around $ 400,000 per week -- but one tip : there is n't a single bridge in the world that the yacht can sail underneath . Phoenicians build empire on the seas When : 1200-600 B.C. Who : Expert sailors of Phoenicia 's maritime empire Where : Mediterranean Sea The boats : The Phoenicians improved upon the galley -- the ancient ship powered by rows of human oarsmen -- by inventing the "  bireme , " a galley propelled by a second row of oars . Legacy : Through their skillful use ships to trade valuable Tyrian purple dyes , the seafaring Phoenicians -- who could be considered the world 's first "  global capitalists " -- built a maritime empire from Spain to the Middle East that dominated commercial trade in the Mediterranean for the better part of a millennium . Fastest circumnavigation of the globe When : 2005 Who : French yachtsman Bruno Peyron Where : Around the world The boat : The Orange II , a 121 ft "  maxicat , " a catamaran designed for ocean racing , with super heavy-duty sails that can withstand prolonged exposure to heavy winds . How long : 50 days , 16 hours , 20 minutes and four seconds Legacy : The Orange II shattered the previous world record for the fastest circumnavigation of the globe by nearly eight days -- and Peyron and his 12-man crew currently hold the Jules Verne Trophy , the prize given to the world 's fastest circumnavigators .	The Pilgrims ' voyage on the Mayflower to Plymouth Rock in 1620 Charles Darwin 's evolutionary discoveries on the HMS Beagle in 1831 Hugo Vihlen 's "  micro-yacht " crossing of the Atlantic in 1993
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan , facing a new felony grand theft charge , will remain free on bond after a Los Angeles judge Wednesday revoked her probation in a previous case . Lohan faces a February 23 hearing on the alleged probation violation before Superior Court Judge Keith Schwartz , who could send her back to jail . The actress pleaded not guilty to the theft of a necklace allegedly taken from a California jewelry store last month . Schwartz revoked Lohan 's probation in a 2007 drunken driving case . He issued a $ 20,000 bond for the theft charge and an additional $ 20,000 bond in the probation revocation . At her arraignment , Schwartz warned Lohan that she could be put back in jail if she violates the law . "  Please do n't push your luck , I am telling you , the judge said . "  Things will be different . " The theft charge announced by prosecutors Wednesday comes five weeks after the actress was released from court-ordered drug rehabilitation and less than three weeks before a judge said he might free her from supervised probation from the drunken driving conviction . Lohan was smiling at times as she sat at the defense table before the arraignment . She wore a tight-fitting white knot dress , with her long blond hair loosely tied in the back . Lohan wore what appeared to be several diamond bracelets on her right arm , complemented by diamond earrings and a large diamond-filled ring on her right hand . The 24-year-old actress allegedly walked out of the Venice store with the necklace on January 22 , a statement from the district attorney 's office said . "  The owner reported the theft to the Los Angeles Police Department , which investigated the allegation and presented evidence to the D.A. 's office last week . " The necklace was handed over to police just before they were to execute a search warrant to look for the jewelry in Lohan 's Venice , California , apartment last week , police said . Under California 's grand theft law , prosecutor Danette Meyers must prove that Lohan intended to steal the jewelry and that she carried it away from the store . The penalty for a felony grand theft conviction ranges from 16 months to three years in a California state prison , varying based on the value of the property stolen and the criminal record of the defendant . Shoplifting offenses are charged as petty theft if the property taken is valued at less than $ 950 . The store owner claims the "  one of a kind " necklace was worth $ 2,500 , police said . The judge could reduce the charge to a misdemeanor , which would carry a prison sentence of no more than one year . "  We vehemently deny these allegations and , if charges are filed , we will fight them in court , not in the press , " Holley said Saturday . Lohan is on supervised probation for a drunken driving conviction . The judge overseeing her case told her in October that he would send her to jail for 180 days if she violated her probation rules before her next court appearance , set for February 25 . She left the Betty Ford clinic a month ago after three months in a drug rehabilitation program . The rehab stint persuaded the judge not to send Lohan to jail for failing a drug test .	Actress pleads not guilty at arraignment Lohan is formally charged with felony grand theft The prosecutor must prove Lohan intended to steal the necklace The actress allegedly walked out of a Venice , California , store with the jewelry
CNN  -- Where "  global knowledge " was once essential for leaders , IBM 's 2010 Global CEO Study cited "  creativity " as the most important leadership quality for the future . This is one of many signals that the business world is evolving out of the "  Information Age , " where left-brain technical skills , knowledge and expertise were king . In "  A Whole New Mind : Why Right Brainers Will Rule the Future , " Daniel H. Pink asserts that current global conditions -- abundance , Asian outsourcing , and automation -- are setting the stage for a brand new era : the "  Conceptual Age . " As employees chart their route to the top in this new era , it 's important to know the skills that companies are looking for . In the Conceptual Age , right-brain skills will be key . Given the velocity of change and the complexity that results from this , we need to go beyond just knowledge or expertise . The best employees of the future will excel at creative problem solving and different ways of thinking -- synthesizing seemingly diverse things together for better solutions , using metaphors to explain new ideas for which no context yet might exist . See also : Why your career is a work in progress This is partly because the amount of new information about any given subject is constantly increasing . Tomorrow 's companies will need to take a creative-thinking approach to the sea of knowledge , bridging the gap between analytical , left-brain functions and creative , right-brain capabilities . My new book , "  Kill the Company , " identifies the most critical skills of the Conceptual Age -- and simple ways to cultivate them before it 's too late : 1 . Strategic Imagination refers to "  dreaming with purpose . " Today 's employee is so mired in busywork that their ability to think long-term has waned . But employees of tomorrow must learn to actively imagine future possibilities and create scenarios to act on them . Seek out resources that fuel future thinking , such as LongBets.com , Springwise.com , and NewScientist.com . Challenge yourself to envision your business unit in the year 2020 . Even better , draw your vision -- create a magazine cover , an organizational chart , etc. -- as a visual representation of what the future might look like . 2 . The ability to ask smart and often unsettling questions is known as Provocative Inquiry . Transformative power lies in asking questions that make us rethink the obvious . In the healthcare industry , for example , it can be seen in the shift from curing illness to preventing it via wellness services . To unearth new answers to existing business problems , learn to ask better questions -- ones that make other team members really stop and think . For example , "  What are the unshakable beliefs about client/customer needs in our industry ... what if the opposite were true ? " and "  Which competitors could eat our lunch tomorrow and what are we doing about it ? " By encouraging curiosity , you fan the fires that create new ideas and improve current offerings . 3 . The quick and obvious strategy will not survive the fierce competition of the Conceptual Age . Employees will need to continually exercise their Creative Problem Solving skills , the application of best practices from unexpected sources to create fresh solutions . In the consumer product category , James Dyson exemplifies this skill . Dyson applied the mechanics of a local sawmill -- a giant cyclone-shaped dust collector -- and invented the best-selling vacuum in the UK . Hone this reflex by utilizing an exercise called "  RE : think . " Take an everyday object  paper clip , scissors , etc.  and pretend you 've never encountered it before . What does this new product do ? What are its benefits and who would use it ? Activities like Re : think can strengthen your ability to approach problems in unconventional ways . See also : Have you got the career X-Factor ? 4 . Keeping pace with change is a challenge , yet meeting unexpected situations with quick thinking and resourcefulness is the very definition of Agility . In a world where change is the only constant , a Plan B -- and C , D , and E -- is truly critical . Cultivate the mindset of preparedness by creating "  Wild Card " scenarios . Using a current project you 're working on , challenge yourself to meet your current goals despite wild cards that might occur -- such as "  50 % less budget " or "  half the R&D time " or "  severely restrained resources or technology . " Planning for success under constraint helps you learn agility and prepare for change before it is forced upon you unexpectedly . 5 . Building on agility , employees will also need to demonstrate Resilience , which translates to tenacity and courage in the face of obstacles . People who are undaunted will give their organizations a competitive edge in the Conceptual Age . Learn to overcome barriers by practicing the art of "  Impossible to Possible . " Write answers to these questions : What would a customer say we should do for them but never would ? What would make us the industry leader -- although hell would have to freeze over for it to happen ? What impossible thing would make your job infinitely better ? Once you 've made a list , find a way to turn the list of impossible things into possibilities . This exercise truly awakens the competitive spirit and gives rise to a solution-driven mindset . The business world is at a critical inflection point and to compete in tomorrow 's market , today 's companies must demonstrate more than knowledge or technical expertise : they must cultivate new skill sets . The valued leaders and successful employees of the Conceptual Age will be firing on all cylinders -- and many will involve right-brain functions . To avoid extinction , employees must embody the kind of daily future thinking that will enable their teams and organizations to conceptualize -- and handle -- the blessings and burdens of a new era . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Bodell .	Lisa Bodell says the best employees of the future will excel at creative problem solving She says workers will need to go beyond just knowledge or expertise Bodell offers ways to cultivate the right brain skills before it 's too late
CNN  -- A body found in a Dumpster near San Francisco , California , has been identified as missing postal worker Nancy Rogers , authorities said Tuesday . The Hayward , California , police department said Rogers ' death is being investigated as a homicide . Rogers , 61 of Fremont , California , went missing from the post office early Monday in Hayward , about 25 miles from San Francisco , said Hillary Rickher , spokesman for the postal inspector 's office in San Francisco . "  Hayward police department is still the lead agency , but we will maintain support for -LSB- them -RSB- , " Rickher said . The postal inspector 's office has already provided lab services , analysts and inspectors to assist the investigation , Rickher said . Rogers was reported missing about 4:45 a.m. , according to Hayward police . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Nancy Rogers ' death being investigated as a homicide Rogers went missing from the Hayward , California , post office early Monday Postal inspector 's office assisting in the investigation
CNN  -- Local Spanish-language television for Hispanics who also speak English ? Yes . As the nation grows , so has the number of Hispanics who speak English and Spanish and who feel comfortable receiving their news in both languages , according to Pew . Since 1997 , CNN en Español has reached millions of Spanish-speaking households , but there is still a need to reach another demographic . Enter CNN Latino . "  This programming block is aimed at people who speak English and Spanish , families looking for something relevant , " said Cynthia Hudson , senior vice president and general manager of CNN en Español , at the CNN Latino launch party in Los Angeles . CNN Latino celebrated its launch in Los Angeles in style at the Sunset Tower Hotel this week . Among CNN 's journalists at the launch party were Mexican actresses Kate del Castillo and Angelica Vale , Mexican actor and singer Diego Boneta , Mexican actor Eduardo Verastegui and model and former participant of the show "  Mira Quien Baila " Maripily . Luis Miguel 's daughter , Michelle Salas , also made an appearance . CNN Latino 's eight-hour custom-programming block is set to air on Thursday through a local channel in Los Angeles with special emphasis on the community of more than 4 million Hispanics . It will feature news , lifestyle , documentary , talk and debate , and it seeks to be an alternative to traditional Hispanic networks . "  This bloc is for the bicultural , bilingual Latino who goes back and forth between both worlds , " said Elizabeth Espinosa , KTLA reporter who will be hosting "  Sin Limites "  No Limits  , a magazine lifestyle show that will air 8 to 9 p.m. Monday through Friday on KBEH Channel 63 . She will keep her day job at KTLA , Channel 5 , where she is a reporter for daytime and evening news shows . Espinosa is a native Angelino . Her mother emigrated from El Salvador , and her father is from Mexico . In addition to "  Sin Limites , " CNN en Español 's team will be a part of the programming as well : -- Mexican journalist Carmen Aristegui , will interview Mexico 's newsmakers . -- CNNE 's Juan Carlos Lopez will be hosting political debates on "  Choque de Opiniones . " -- CNN en Español 's Fernando Del Rincon will host "  Conclusiones " , a nightly debate of the day 's top story -- Dr. Marisa Azaret discusses healthy living on "  CNN Vida . " -- CNN en Español 's entertainment correspondent Juan Carlos Arciniegas will host "  Showbiz Latino . " -- Sports news will be hosted by Marcela Trucios on "  Deportes USA . " -- "  CNN Archivo " will showcase documentaries on crime , adventures and controversy , hosted by Maria Regina Bustamante . -- And CNN 's Ismael Cala will host "  Cala , " a 60-minute audience-engaging show where he interviews provocative newsmakers . Hispanics are the fastest-growing segment of the U.S. population , with spending power of more than $ 1 trillion , and they have an increasing influence on social , economic and political trends . CNN Latino joins the likes of News Corp and Colombia 's RCN Television , which are behind the Spanish-language network MundoFox , and ABC News/Univision in launching a 24-hour English-language network , all aimed at the U.S. Hispanic audience . The only difference is , CNN Latino will be accessible to those who do n't have cable . "  For many Hispanics , this is going to be the first time they see CNN , " said Hudson . "  What 's going to represent CNN Latino in Los Angeles has not been seen before , about 50 % of the public does not have cable , " said Espinosa . CNN Latino will be CNN 's first move outside cable television and , according to Hudson , the first step to bringing this syndicated programming block to local broadcast stations in key Hispanic media markets . "  We want to produce content for the Latino who was born in Latin America that lives here and the Hispanic who was born in the U.S. , " said Hudson . Hudson said CNN en Español will be announcing at least five more new channel affiliates in other major cities within the U.S. that will broadcast CNN Latino . CNN en Español launching CNN Latino	CNN Latino is aimed at people who speak English and Spanish CNN Latino celebrated its launch in Los Angeles at the Sunset Tower Hotel this week CNN Latino will be CNN 's first move outside cable television
CNN  -- Michael Jackson , the show-stopping singer whose best-selling albums -- including "  Off the Wall , " "  Thriller " and "  Bad " -- and electrifying stage presence made him one of the most popular artists of all time , died Thursday , CNN has confirmed . He was 50 . He collapsed at his residence in the Holmby Hills section of Los Angeles , California , about noon Pacific time , suffering cardiac arrest , according to brother Randy Jackson . He died at UCLA Medical Center . As news of his death spread , stunned fans began to react and remember one of the most remarkable careers in music .	Video shows ambulance rushing the pop star to the hospital Crowds gather at the hospital where Jackson was rushed A.J. Hammer : This "  is big as it gets " ; Rev. Al Sharpton : He was "  a trailblazer " Motown founder Berry Gordy Jr. says he 's "  numbed and shocked " at the news
CNN  -- This week on Inside Africa It 's one of the most sacred acts of the Zulu people . We take you inside an ancient wedding ceremony played out in modern times . Africa gains two seats on the United Nations Security Council , but should those seats be permanent , and what will Nigeria do with this two-year opportunity ? Plus , Grammy-winning singer Alicia Keys takes us on her eye-opening trip to Africa and talks about how the experience changed the way she wrote her next album . Alicia Keys in Africa She 's traveled the world on tour but for singer Alicia Keys nothing spoke to her like a visit she once took to Africa . It moved her to help create a charity and influenced her next album . CNN 's TJ Holmes sat down with the singer to find out what caused the profound effect . Liberia Photo Exhibit Tim Hetherington is a photographer who has witnessed the violent life behind rebel lines in Liberia 's 2003 civil war . He takes us through photos he took during his time there , now on display in London . World Food Prize There is a weed so powerful in sub-Saharan Africa that it can destroy hundreds of thousands of hectares of crucial crops . It 's a problem that has puzzled researchers for ages . But now , thanks to one man , a breakthrough is on the horizon . We reveal why Dr. Gebisa Ejeta is the recipient of this year 's World Food Prize . Interview with Ojo Maduekwe The United Nations has recently voted in its newest members to the Security Council , the new five out of 15 who will serve for the next two years . Nigeria and Gabon received the two African seats , making this the third time Gabon has served on the council and the fourth time for Nigeria . CNN 's Isha Sesay spoke with Nigerian Foreign Minister Ojo Maduekwe about what he 'd like to accomplish in the next two years and how it felt to be the one to bring this success to Nigeria . Traditional Wedding A view of ancient times . These were images sent in by an iReporter of one of the most sacred acts of the Zulu people : a traditional wedding . Our correspondent Errol Barnett caught up with the iReporter behind these photos .	Inside Africa reports on Africa 's seats in the United Nations Security Council CNN 's TJ Holmes sat down with Alicia Keys to talk about her visit in Africa Photographer Tim Hetherington shows us his Liberia photo exhibit Plus , World Food Prize and Nigerian Foreign Minister Ojo Maduekwe
CNN  -- Former Penn State football coach Jerry Sandusky , embroiled in a child sex abuse scandal , attempts to clarify in a new interview how he feels about his relationships with young people . "  If I say , ` No , I 'm not attracted to young boys , ' that 's not the truth , " Sandusky said in an extensive interview with The New York Times in a story published Saturday . "  Because I 'm attracted to young people -- boys , girls -- I ... " His lawyer , who was present at the interview , spoke up at that point to note that Sandusky is "  not sexually " attracted to them . "  Right . I enjoy , that 's what I was trying to say , I enjoy spending time with young people . I enjoy spending time with people , " Sandusky continued . "  I mean my two favorite groups are the elderly and the young . " A grand jury report , made public last month , detailed 40 charges against Sandusky in a child sex abuse scandal involving at least eight alleged victims and spanning 15 years . In a recent interview with NBC 's Bob Costas , Sandusky was asked directly : "  Are you sexually attracted to underage boys ? " Sandusky repeated the question , paused , and responded , "  No . I enjoy young people . " The former Penn State defense coordinator has maintained his innocence throughout the investigation -- saying he only "  horsed around " with the disadvantaged boys in his care -- and is currently free on $ 100,000 bail . An attorney -- this one representing Victim 6 , as identified in the grand jury report -- predicted Sandusky 's latest interview with the newspaper will not help his case . Howard Janet called the ex-coach 's remarks "  another failed attempt to manipulate the public and potentially manipulate the future jury pool . " "  He 's not accomplishing ... his desired goal , " Janet said , calling much of the interview "  uncomfortable to watch " and "  disingenuous . " "  Every time he opens his mouth , virtually , he puts his foot in it . " According to the New York Times story , Sandusky stressed that he and legendary head football coach Joe Paterno never discussed the allegations of sexual misconduct . "  I do n't know that he did n't know , " he told the newspaper . "  I know that he never said anything to me . I know that . " The Board of Trustees removed Paterno and President Graham Spanier on November 9 , amid the allegations that also implicated high-level university officials . Athletic Director Tim Curley , 57 , and the school 's vice president for finance and business , Gary Schultz , 62 , have since been charged in the scandal . Each faces one count of felony perjury and one count of failure to report abuse allegations . Paterno , 84 , has not been charged in the investigation , but has received criticism for not alerting authorities to the alleged misconduct . He has said he did his duty in referring the allegations to his superior ; according to the grand jury report , Paterno called Curley to report allegations of Sandusky "  fondling or doing something of a sexual nature to a young boy . " Spanier also was informed of "  a report of an incident involving Sandusky and a child in the showers on campus . " The New York Times ' with Sandusky honed in on two separate allegations of misconduct in 1998 and 2002 . When Sandusky retired in December 1999 , an investigation of his alleged actions a year before had never been made public , but were later detailed in the grand jury 's report . A mother had come forward , saying the coach had showered with her son and hugged her boy , naked from behind . Two campus police detectives eavesdropped on conversations in May 1998 when the mother confronted Sandusky . Police later monitored a second conversation that month , in which the mother told Sandusky to stay away from her son . "  I understand . I was wrong , " Sandusky said , according to the grand jury report . "  I wish I could get forgiveness . I know I wo n't get it from you . I wish I were dead . " Four years later , the report said , graduate assistant Mike McQueary claimed to have seen Sandusky sodomizing a boy in a locker room shower . Sandusky told The New York Times that Curley , Penn State 's athletic director at the time , confronted him about the alleged misconduct . "  He was concerned about it , " he told the newspaper . "  He was coming to me with a concern because , in his words , somebody had talked to him about inappropriate behavior in the shower . " Sandusky said he responded by saying "  it did n't happen . " "  In my mind , there was n't inappropriate behavior , " he said . The former coach said Curley then told him that "  he did n't want me to bring kids  into university facilities  and work them out anymore , " according to the interview . But , he told the Times , Curley never commandeered his keys to the facility . "  And I still went in there and worked out , " the former coach said . The four-hour interview was conducted at the home of his lawyer over two days , where he insisted that his decades of work with troubled youths as part of his charity the Second Mile had been "  twisted " by prosecutors . "  They 've taken everything that I ever did for any young person and twisted it to say that my motives were sexual or whatever , " Sandusky said . "  I had kid after kid after kid who might say I was a father figure . And they just twisted that all . " But an attorney for a 29-year-old alleged victim of Sandusky 's , who is not among the eight people named in the grand jury report , said the interview is further evidence that the former coach "  can not resist center stage . " "  Sandusky is making Joe Paterno look reckless and negligent , " said Marci Hamilton , whose client is suing the school , Sandusky and the charity he founded for sexual abuse the man allegedly suffered at the hands of the former coach during the 1990s . Sandusky , meanwhile , told the the Times that he misses his old job at Penn State , as well as the work he did at the Second Mile . He added that children at the charity were like an "  extended family , " calling himself an "  extended father . " Sandusky described how the scandal has taken a toll on his life and relationships . "  I miss coaching . I miss Second Mile . I miss Second Mile kids , " he said . "  I miss interrelationships with all kinds of people . I miss my own grandkids . " But a lawyer for one alleged victim , who is part of the criminal investigation , said that the interview only further pains Sandusky 's accusers . Justine Andronici , who is part of the legal team advising the client and other rape victims with the intention of later filing lawsuits , decried what she called Sandusky 's "  delusional rationalization " and said she was taken aback by his assertion that some victims ' "  got pulled into " the investigation and pointing out positive things he 'd done for them . "  Sandusky needs to know that with every denial , every attempt to cast himself as the victim in this case , he inflicts more suffering , " Andronici said in a statement . CNN contributor Sara Ganim and CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : An alleged victim 's lawyer rips what she calls Sandusky 's "  delusional rationalization " "  I enjoy spending time with young people , " Sandusky says Sandusky says Paterno never spoke with him about allegations of misconduct The scandal has left much missing from his life , Sandusky says
CNN  -- A year ago on April 15 , two brothers of Chechen heritage who were raised in Cambridge , Massachusetts , were alleged to have carried out a spectacular bombing at the Boston Marathon that killed three , wounded more than 200 and led to a massive manhunt that paralyzed the city and its suburbs for days . The older brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , was killed in a shootout with police shortly after the bombing , while the younger brother , Dzhokhar , surrendered to authorities and is awaiting trial . As is often the case with big news events , much of what we understood to be the case in the immediate aftermath of the event and what we now know about the bombing a year later are quite different . Consider that shortly after the bombing , it was widely assumed Tamerlan Tsarnaev had traveled to Dagestan in southern Russia a year earlier to meet and train with some of the Islamist rebels there who are fighting the Russian army . Many commentators , including us , thought it was quite unlikely that the brothers could have learned how to construct two effective bombs that blew up within seconds of each other at the Boston Marathon without some kind of specialized training such as what could be obtained from the rebels in Dagestan . Also , at first blush , the Tsarnaev brothers appeared to be so-called "  clean skins " who had no previous history of criminality , and therefore there was little reason that law enforcement should have been monitoring either of them . Similarly , both appeared to be regular guys with no history of mental disorders . All of these assumptions have turned out to be wrong . Here are four things we 've learned since then : One : There is no evidence Tamerlan Tsarnaev had any contact with Islamist militants overseas . In January 2012 , Tamerlan left Massachusetts for a six-month trip to Dagestan . There he became close to members of an organization called the Union of the Just , a nonviolent group that is critical of the United States . He also began attending a mosque that was frequented by hardline Sunni Muslims . Russian security officials claim he met with Islamist extremists in Dagestan , but U.S. intelligence services have not been able to confirm those allegations . Russian officials also found "  frequent " electronic communication between Tamerlan and Russian-Canadian extremist William Plotnikov , but FBI officials in Moscow say it is unlikely the two made contact in person while Tamerlan was in Dagestan . Media sources in the region have also alleged that Tamerlan met with Mahmoud Mansour Nidal , who was reportedly a recruiter for Islamist fighters in the region . Nidal was killed in a raid by Russian forces on May 19 , 2012 . Again , official American investigators have not unearthed any evidence that supports this claim . And experts on the security climate in Dagestan say it is unlikely that Tamerlan could have met with known extremists and not have then been detained and questioned by the Russian security service on his way out of the country  which did n't happen  . Two : The Tsarnaev brothers did not have any formal training in bomb building . Instead , they apparently followed bomb-making instructions they found in an English-language al Qaeda webzine . The House Homeland Security Committee released an extensive report last month on the Boston bombings that did not mention that either of the Tsarnaevs had received any professional training on how to build an explosive device . Rather , they appear to have followed step-by-step instructions for how to build a bomb that were published in 2011 in Inspire , a webzine produced by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  that is targeted at English-speaking Muslims . Three : The FBI now alleges that Tamerlan was implicated in a triple homicide in Waltham , Massachusetts , in 2011 . On May 22 , 2013 , a month after the Boston bombings , Ibrahim Todashev was shot and killed by an FBI agent after Todashev attacked him with a pole while he was being interrogated at his apartment in Florida . According to the FBI , Todashev was about to sign a written statement implicating himself and Tamerlan in the murders of Brendan Mess , Erik Weissman and Rafi Teken on September 11 , 2011 . Investigators reported that the victims ' throats were slashed so viciously that they were almost decapitated , and their bodies were strewn with a pound and a half of high-quality marijuana . Another 8 and a half pounds of marijuana was left in jars and bags around the apartment , as well as about $ 5,000 in cash , and there was no sign of forced entry . Therefore , the murderers appeared to know the three victims . Mess was one of Tamerlan 's best friends , but the law enforcement officials never questioned the elder Tsarnaev brother about the case , and it remained unsolved until after the Tsarnaevs were identified as the main suspects in the Boston bombings . If the FBI allegations are correct , Tamerlan was a dangerous killer well before the Boston bombings and a more thorough investigation of the triple homicide in Waltham , Massachusetts could well have derailed the Boston Marathon plot . Four : Tamerlan may have had mental health problems . According to an excellent investigation of the Tsarnaev brothers by the The Boston Globe , Tamerlan told his mother , Zubeidat , "  that he felt there were two people living inside of him , " according to Anna Nikaeva , a Chechen who knew the Tsarnaev parents . Tamerlan also told Donald Larking , a friend at the mosque he attended , that he heard two angry voices inside his head telling him to do things . Could some kind of intervention by a mental health professional have helped Tamerlan with his problems and averted the Boston Marathon plot ? This question can not , of course , be answered , but what is clear is that the Boston bombings were not directed by al Qaeda or an allied group and are part of a trend in the United States over the past years in which fewer terrorist plots have any kind of a connection to an overseas terrorist organization . They are also part of a related trend in which plots no longer involve groups of conspirators but are carried out either by individuals or by pairs such as the Tsarnaev brothers . In a sense , this reflects a victory for law enforcement efforts . Lone-wolf type attacks of the kind we saw in Boston , while undeniably tragic for the victims , are not a national catastrophe of the scale of 9/11 , which was carried out by a large , well-organized terrorist group .	Authors : Much of what we thought we knew about Boston bombing was wrong No evidence Tamerlan Tsarnaev plotted the crime with overseas terrorists , they say The bombs apparently were homemade , based on information found online
Caen , France  CNN  -- "  See what I 'll miss ? " Princess Haya has been ambushed . The 40-year-old leader of one of the Olympics ' biggest sports finds herself fending off British paradressage rider Lee Pearson . Pearson wears around his neck the three gold medals he has won at the World Equestrian Games in Caen , Normandy . As he leans in , medals dangling above the seated Haya 's left shoulder , he announces : "  Now ma'am , I know you were quite good at showjumping and you might not have enough golds , so I thought I 'd let you have a feel of my gongs . " This is what the princess will miss when , in December , she reaches the end of her two terms leading the FEI , which governs world horse sport . One of very few women to occupy such a prominent position within the Olympic movement , Haya is the subject of a warm , impromptu tribute from Pearson . "  She 's brought inclusion from many countries that thought equestrianism was kind of elitist , " says the 10-time Paralympic champion . "  She 's kept us in the Olympics by making sure London was such a success , and she 's modernized it . We 're not riders , we 're athletes . " Her Royal Highness Princess Haya of Jordan carried her country 's flag at the Sydney 2000 Olympic Games , where she competed as a showjumper at the age of 26 . Four years later she married Sheik Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , an equestrian endurance racing enthusiast . By 2006 , he had become the prime minister of the United Arab Emirates and she had been elected to lead the FEI . Since then , much of her role has been to ensure equestrian keeps its place at sport 's top table . Like wrestling , equestrianism claims roots extending back to the original Olympics contested by the ancient Greeks . Hence , when wrestling had a scare last year -- being temporarily voted off the program for Tokyo 2020 , before reinstatement at a later International Olympic Committee  IOC  meeting -- there may have been grounds for concern at the FEI . "  I believe there were very specific issues around the decision for wrestling , " says Haya . "  But I believe no international federation can consider that their place goes without saying . "  Very much the reason I came to the FEI , to try to modernize , was not the fact that my sport had got worse or gone backwards -- but other international federations had moved a lot faster than us . "  That spirit of competition , that commercially cluttered landscape really does exist . The international federations compete for their place at the Games just as much as the athletes do , and you have to guarantee that you really do have top sport . " Haya points to the World Equestrian Games  WEG  as evidence that the FEI is doing its job . The latest edition of the quadrennial event boasted more than a thousand horses and riders , from 74 countries . The FEI claims more than half a billion people saw at least some action from the eight competing disciplines . "  We 've never had a larger event than this , " she says . "  The growth that 's happened over the past four years has made a marked difference . "  There is a larger percentage of non-purist spectators in the stands and we are able to export our sport to a new public . Our digital numbers have rocketed . Our athletes are not just performing for the family any more , they are performing for the world . " All of that will be taken to the table by Haya 's successor -- six candidates have come forward -- the next time the IOC calls on its constituent sports to fight for their future . Haya believes the IOC is most likely to look at removing one discipline from a large sport in order to accommodate a new , smaller sport in Tokyo and beyond . She thinks the FEI 's battle lies in protecting its three Olympic disciplines of dressage , showjumping and eventing . Not that the Olympic disciplines have always dominated Haya 's eight years at the FEI 's helm . Endurance racing , a lower-profile form of equestrian sport immensely popular in the Middle East , has provided the biggest threat to her presidency . The sport , in which horses can race a hundred miles in a day , has been troubled by a succession of doping scandals and concerns over animal welfare given the immense distance involved . Haya 's position was called into question when her husband -- an endurance racing champion , an influential horse breeder and also the ruler of Dubai -- received a six-month doping ban in 2009 . She has since been accused of failing to vigorously pursue perceived shortcomings in the discipline 's approach to the wellbeing of horses . Haya , who handed oversight of endurance sport to colleagues over the conflict of interest involving her husband , says the issues are now being "  managed very well " by the FEI . "  The sport has mainly come under criticism -- or the FEI has -- because it has n't moved fast enough , " she admits . "  But on the other side of that , there are processes and procedures put in place for a good reason . "  You ca n't have a knee-jerk reaction . You have to go through a period of dialogue and examine the situation from every side . They have been strong enough to do that and I think they 've done everything they can to protect the horses , and the integrity of the sport . " For her part , Haya says she wishes she had "  had a lighter hand in some situations " in the earlier days of her time in charge . And as regards her unusual position as a leading woman in world sport , she believes examining gender equity only in the highest echelons of power means searching in the wrong place . "  I think a lot is done to help women get to these positions but for me , what is missing is the avenue to come up through the grassroots , " she says . "  For me it was easy . I had my career as an athlete , I rode in an Olympic Games , then I had interaction with the national federations . I understood how it worked , and I went through a pathway . "  What 's missing is that opportunity for women at grassroots level in other sports . While you had the opportunities at the top , there is still very much a vacuum in between . "  I think in many ways it 's harmful that we have this permanent crusade , that we ` have to have women . ' It makes it sound like you got the job because you 're a woman , rather than being able to do the job properly . "  There 's a big difference between a person who merits doing the job and happens to be a woman , and one who gets the job just because she is . " The FEI 's vote to replace Haya in three months ' time will determine the sport 's course for at least the next four years . With organizations associated with the Middle East accounting for a number of equestrianism 's major backers , brought in through Haya and her connections , there is uncertainty as to how the financial future will pan out if and when her influence wanes . She , however , has already promised herself more time for two other interests in her life . In a statement turning down the chance to stand for a third term , the mother-of-two listed first her family and then humanitarian work , in Gaza , as her new priorities . "  I felt the president should only have an eight-year term and I still feel that is important , " says Haya , who had at one time announced her intent to seek a third term -- a move some considered "  undemocratic " despite a majority of national federations backing the necessary rule changes . "  As president , you have to do a 12-hour day , it 's a full-time job , and it 's only really possible to do that for eight years until you do run out of ideas , " she says . "  The sport is bigger than any international federation ever will be . Sometimes , you get the feeling the world revolves around you . I 've always known that if we stop , the sport never will . It 's worth knowing that . "	Princess Haya steps down as leader of world horse sport this winter Jordanian royal competed in showjumping at Sydney Olympics One of few female leaders at the highest level of Olympic sport Equestrian among sports facing fight to preserve Olympic status
MODESTO , California  CNN  -- Some of the people hit hardest by this bad economy are the youngest . Almost 2 million children nationwide have had or will have their lives disrupted by home foreclosures , according to one study . There are more empty desks in Suzell Tougas 's fourth grade classroom after 10 students have stopped coming . These are the children whose families have had to move , sometimes more than once . The youngsters are pulled out of school , often leaving their friends behind without even saying goodbye . Nine-year-old Kenia , who is in the fourth grade at Fairview Elementary School in Modesto , California , said that is what happened to her . She is new to the school , having moved to the area just a few months ago . She said it is really hard and she misses her friends . Her classmate Bethany said her best friend since kindergarten just left without saying goodbye . Heather Sharp , the principal at Fairview , said her school has been the one most affected by the bad economy in the Modesto City School system . "  We have , over the last couple of months , 50 students coming new to the school and 50 students leaving , " Sharp said . It was so bad that the school conducted a door-to-door search for missing students , she said . "  We had our community aide going out to houses . And they were boarded up , windows boarded , yard brown . She had to go to neighbors to find out where the kids were . " In terms of raw numbers , California had the most foreclosures of any state from 2007 through January 2009 . More than 57,000 homes entered foreclosure . Many of those were in Stanislaus County , where home prices have declined 65 percent since December 2005 , according to the Modesto Bee . Fourth-grade teacher Suzell Tougas said she has lost 10 kids from her class so far this year and is braced to lose more . She usually has a room full of children with every desk occupied . Now , it "  looks empty ... it 's like a "  ghost town " . She said constant moving is hard on kids . "  Just having to start over and start over is really hard on a child , " Tougas said . "  It takes six weeks for a child to adjust ... at least . " While children are in that period of adjustment , she said , they are n't learning and their studies suffer . "  The biggest issue is that when -LSB- children have to move -RSB- when there are other stressors going on , we know it puts these kids at greater risk for being behind in their academics , " said Pat Popp , a past president of the National Association for the Education of Homeless Children and Youth . That is borne out in a recent study by a nonpartisan group in Washington called First Focus . It said that children who move twice in one year are only half as likely as others to be able to read proficiently , and may have a greater chance of being held back . It also found that moving a lot reduces the student 's chance of graduating from high school by half . Read the report here The report , published in May , estimated that 1.95 million children will be affected by foreclosure over the next two years . The number of homeless students is increasing dramatically . A study by the National Association for the Education of Homeless Children reported that more than 450 school districts across the nation had an increase of at least 25 percent in the number of identified homeless students between the 2006-2007 and 2007-2008 school years . Read the report here  pdf A student who moves "  may hear the same information again that you learned in your previous classroom or miss information that has already been covered in your class but was n't taught in your previous school , " Popp said . The fallout from the rash of foreclosures likely will have a long-term impact on education , especially in California . Schools get much of their funding from property tax revenues . Real estate values are spiraling downward and so is the revenue . At Fairview Elementary , Principal Sharp worries about students like 9-year-old Eunice , who has moved twice in the last year . Her parents told her that after they pay their mortgage this month , they wo n't have any money for a week . But , Sharp said , children are resilient . "  We do n't give them credit for what they can handle but , at the same time , the flip side is it 's sad -- they should n't have to handle it . They should be able to know they can go to school and focus on reading and math and recess . "	California hit hard by foreclosures , falling home values , families moving Modesto 4th graders say they miss friends , some of whom left without goodbyes Study : Children who move twice in year are half as likely to be able to read proficiently Children are resilient , teacher says , but have hard time focusing on their studies
CNN  An American pastor imprisoned in Iran has written a letter to President Barack Obama , thanking Obama for meeting with his wife and children last week in Idaho . Saeed Abedini , who was born in Iran and whose family home is now in Idaho , relayed the letter of gratitude through his father during one of his sanctioned weekly 20-minute visitor sessions . "  Thank you again for standing up for my family and I and for thousands of Christians across the world who are persecuted for their faith in Jesus Christ , " Abedini wrote . In 2009 , Abedini was arrested in Iran and later released after formally pledging to stop organizing churches in homes . He returned to Iran in 2012 to help build a state-run secular orphanage . It was during this visit that he was abruptly pulled from a bus and imprisoned . Over the last two-and-a half years , Abedini has endured beatings and torture at the hands of his jailers and fellow inmates , according to his family . At one point , reports circulated regarding death threats targeting Abedini from ISIS prisoners held at the same Iranian facility . "  President Obama , you have my prayers from inside of these walls , " Abedini wrote . "  I pray for God 's guidance , wisdom and blessing for you as you lead this great nation . " Abedini 's letter to Obama was posted online by the American Center for Law and Justice  ACLJ  , an organization founded by television evangelist Pat Robertson that has worked to publicize Abedini 's situation . In the letter , Abedini thanked Obama for meeting with his wife , Naghmeh Abedini , and their children in Boise , Idaho on January 22 . "  They have had a heavy burden to carry in my absence , and your presence helped to relieve some of that burden , " Abedini wrote . "  With this meeting I feel more hopeful now ; it 's becoming a higher priority , " said Naghmeh Abedini . The 10-minute face-to-face meeting with the President was "  an answer to my prayers , " she added . "  The meeting took place in a personable and intimate setting . The kids were there and I saw a lot of compassion and care as we talked , " Naghmeh Abedini said . The Abedinis have two children , Rebekka , and Jacob , both under the age of 8 . Jacob asked Obama if he would be able to bring his father home in time for an upcoming birthday , according to the Abedini family . Sharing some words of comfort , the President responded that he would try . "  I could see that he cared as a father , " said Naghmeh Abedini . During their meeting , the President reassured Naghmeh Abedini that her husband 's case was a high priority . He told her that he and Secretary of State John Kerry meet regularly regarding the issue , and Kerry continues to bring up Abedini and to push for his release in ongoing meetings with the Iranians . Naghmeh Abedini said Obama promised her the United States will "  keep at it until Saeed is released . " The Abedini family has been fighting for his release for the last three years . Earlier this month , the Obama administration called for Abedini 's immediate release , along with other Americans held in Iran , including Washington Post Tehran Bureau Chief Jason Rezaian . In a subsequent briefing , White House press secretary Josh Earnest emphasized that the issue of American citizens imprisoned in Iran is of great concern for the administration . The fact that Kerry raised the issue in his diplomatic exchanges with the Iranians "  is an indication of how seriously the United States takes this case , " said Earnest . Abedini continues to be denied adequate medical attention for injuries , said Tiffany Barrans , International Legal Director for the ACLJ . "  It 's not that they have n't given him any treatment . It 's that they continue to give him medications that have not helped and doctors ' medical tests have concluded surgery is necessary , " Barrans said . Despite their grueling emotional journey , Abedini family members say they continue to hold on to hope as they make headway in bringing increased attention to Saeed Abedini 's story , both in the United States and internationally . Since meeting the President , Naghmeh Abedini said she has received follow-up calls from the White House and is set to meet with U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for International Religious Freedom David N. Saperstein at the end of February .	"  President Obama , you have my prayers from inside of these walls , " Saeed Abedini wrote Obama met with the pastor 's family on January 22 in Idaho Abedini has been imprisoned since 2012
CNN  -- It was Rosy Esparza 's first trip to Six Flags . She sat on the Texas Giant , a 14-story-high roller coaster that boasts what the amusement park calls "  the world 's steepest drop . " Minutes later , one of the roller coaster 's seats came back empty . Now Esparza is dead and Six Flags Over Texas representatives say the theme park is committed to finding out what led to the woman 's death on Friday . Esparza 's son-in-law and his wife were sitting in front of her at the time . Contrary to witness accounts reported by CNN affiliates , Ronald Segovia told CNN he did not hear his mother-in-law mention that her seat did not lock properly . Segovia also told CNN that Esparza was sitting by herself , contrary to initial reports that she was sitting beside her son . Her sons , according to Segovia , were not there . In Facebook posts on Saturday , her sons described the experience as a nightmare . A flood of condolences and prayers poured in . "  Only God knows Mama , " Amado Esparza posted in Spanish along with a photo showing a group of people praying at the amusement park , "  something that I will always have as a memory of you is that you loved adventures . " Later , he described his mother as his best friend . "  It is sad to lose my mom , " he wrote , "  but I am happy that when she was alive she enjoyed it to the fullest . I always took her to explore new places . " On Saturday , authorities said an initial investigation showed no sign of foul play in the woman 's death . "  At this point of the investigation , it does not appear there was any foul play or criminality associated with this tragic incident , " the Arlington Police Department said in a statement . Park visitors told CNN affiliate WFAA they saw the woman fall . "  She goes up like this , " Carmen Brown told the affiliate , raising her hand up in the air . "  Then when it drops to come down , that 's when it released , and she just tumbled . " Brown told The Dallas Morning News that the woman had expressed concern to a park employee that she was not properly secured in her seat . "  He was basically nonchalant , " Brown said . "  He was , like , ` As long as you heard it click , you 're fine . ' Hers was the only one that went down once , and she did n't feel safe . But they let her still get on the ride . " Six Flags confirmed that a woman died Friday while riding the Texas Giant roller coaster , but did not provide further details . "  Since the safety of our guests and employees is our number one priority , the ride has been closed pending further investigation , " the theme park said in a statement . Six Flags Over Texas spokeswoman Sharon Parker said the park is committed to determining exactly what happened . "  It would be a disservice to the family to speculate regarding what transpired , " she said . "  When we have new information to provide , we will do so . " The Texas Giant was originally designed in 1990 as an all-wooden roller coaster . It was redesigned with a steel track and reopened in April 2011 to mark the theme park 's 50th anniversary . At its highest point , the roller coaster is 153 feet and has a drop of 147 feet , according to the theme park . Thousands of kids hurt yearly on amusement rides Authorities look at a number of factors when they investigate theme park accidents , said Bill Avery , an amusement ride and device safety consultant . "  You 're going to look at the operations of it , and the human factor , the human part of the equation , " he told CNN . "  Was there an error or omission made by an operator or someone in operations ? " Maintenance and design would also be examined , he said , in addition to details such as the rider 's posture and size . Avery , who founded a ride safety consulting firm and once headed up safety at several parks , said there a few things visitors should keep in mind when it comes to securing safety restraints . "  As a general rule , " he said , "  It needs to fit snugly near your waistline , above the top of your thighs , so it can hold the passenger in regardless of what kind of forces are applied , and where they 're applied , on the human body . " The International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions , a trade group representing amusement parks , describes them as "  one of the safest forms of recreation available to the public . " "  Approximately 297 million guests visit the 400 U.S. amusement parks annually and take 1.7 billion safe rides , " the association says on its website . Visitors of fixed-site amusement parks -- places where rides are permanently attached to the ground -- have a 1 in 24 million chance of being seriously injured , the association said . CNN 's Luisa Navarro , Fredricka Whitfield , Kevin Conlon , AnneClaire Stapleton and Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Six Flags Over Texas says it 's committed to finding out what caused a woman 's death In Facebook posts , Rosy Esparza 's family calls the experience a "  nightmare " Authorities say there is no sign of "  foul play or criminality " Witnesses tell CNN affiliates that the woman did n't feel safe before the ride
When Microsoft introduced a preview version of a fresh and inventive webmail service it called Outlook.com last August , it was pretty clear that it was telling the world that it intended to start winding down its venerable Hotmail sooner or later . Now it 's official . The company is announcing that Outlook.com is coming out of preview mode and is now officially available worldwide . And so it 's going to start moving more than 300 million Hotmail users over . They 'll be able to keep their Hotmail.com e-mail addresses -- or Live.com or MSN.com , if that 's what they 've got -- but the Hotmail service and brand will be going away . The transition will be gradual : At first , the Hotmail faithful will get e-mails and other alerts telling them about the switchover . They 'll be able to make the jump immediately , or postpone it . But by the end of the summer , the company intends to have moved all Hotmail users over to Outlook.com . For most of those people , that should be a good thing -- or at least , as forced transitions go , not a bad thing . While it 's impossible to underestimate the ferocity with which some folks prefer to clutch onto whatever they 've already got , Outlook.com is a far better service than Hotmail , with a radically decluttered interface and useful new organization tools .  I also like its interface -- which is a variant of the Windows 8 look formerly known as Metro -- better than Gmail 's . Yet it 's also recognizable as having a family connection to Hotmail , reducing the chances that anyone will be bewildered by it or will lose a favorite feature once the switchover is complete . At the moment , Microsoft says , Outlook.com has 60 million active members , a third of which are Gmail users .  Presumably some of those are true defectors from Gmail , while others use both Gmail and Outlook.com .  Once the Hotmail transition is complete , Outlook.com will have hundreds of millions of users , giving it the same sort of massive scale as Gmail  425 million users as of June 2012  and Yahoo Mail  281 million users as of December 2012  . And Microsoft seems to be serious about winning over lots more users from Gmail and other services : It 's planning to advertise Outlook.com heavily in all sorts of media . The company has posted a couple of splashy TV spots -- both of which , unlike the current Scroogled campaign , are devoted to making people feel good about Outlook.com rather than bad about Gmail . While I 'm favorably impressed by Outlook.com , I 'm not considering dumping Gmail myself anytime soon ; Google 's service remains a much richer platform , with additional useful features , mobile apps and support from third-party apps and services . Microsoft says to expect more Outlook.com features now that the service is out of preview mode , including Skype video calls and a calendar , both of which the company first promised when it announced the service last year . I 'll be keeping an eye on it -- an Outlook.com which retained its sleek look and competed with Gmail in depth and breadth of capabilities could be spectacular . Even Gmail users who have no intention of leaving the service should be happy that Outlook.com exists . Just as Microsoft 's Bing gives Google 's search engine its only serious competition , Outlook.com is poised to be Gmail 's most imposing rival . I 'm still getting used to the notion of Microsoft , of all companies , being a plucky underdog -- but I 'm glad it 's giving Google at least two incentives to avoid resting on its laurels .	Microsoft says its Outlook.com e-mail service is now officially available worldwide The venerable Hotmail service and brand will be going away . But Hotmail users will be able to keep their Hotmail.com e-mail addresses
CNN  -- In the coming years , lifting the ban on women in combat , announced Thursday by Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , might prove particularly challenging in the most iconic of military occupations -- the infantry , among the most physically demanding and tradition-bound branches of the Marines and the Army . Determining the best path forward to integrate women into this elite group will require hard-nosed honesty , careful management and compelling leadership . For the 65 years that women have enjoyed a permanent place in the United States military , they have been subject to restrictions . One rationale is the notion embedded in our culture that women should be shielded from great physical risks . Another is a recognition of the physical superiority of the average male over the average female . A third is the fear that unit cohesion , critical to military performance , would suffer with the introduction of women . These three concerns apply to varying degrees in the infantry . But the last 11 years of war have clearly demonstrated that warfare is no longer waged in a linear fashion , and that the concept of "  front line " no longer applies . Opinion : A more equal military ? Bring back draft Historically , logistics operations were conducted "  in the rear , " where risks were comparatively low . This has changed : In 2006 in Iraq , for example , one in every five truck convoys was attacked . Although infantry clearly remains one of the most dangerous military occupations , the proliferation of homemade bombs and other low-cost , lethal weaponry and tactics have heightened the risk of almost every occupation . War is more uniformly dangerous . That said , physical differences between the sexes remains a thorny issue . Determining gender-neutral physical standards for an integrated infantry will be one of the most difficult tasks ahead . Infantry soldiers and Marines are the primary forces for operations on foot . They not only travel long distances , but also frequently carry loads in excess of 50 pounds . Both the short - and long-term health effects of such demands can be significant . Single mom fought alongside combat troops in Afghanistan The Defense Department has consistently pursued solutions to lighten the load , from exoskeletons to unmanned vehicles that would serve as "  pack mules , " to the elusive quest for higher power , lower weight batteries . The success of these efforts will benefit both men and women . But until that happens , research into the effects these physical demands have on women is necessary before determining the degree to which they can , and should , be part of the full range of infantry . Whether men serving in the infantry will accept women as peers is another open question . Those who oppose women in the infantry argue that they would change group dynamics , disrupt bonding and ultimately harm unit cohesion . In the past , these fears have been brought up regarding the participation of minorities and homosexuals , too . But data show these negative predictions do n't come true . Instead , successful integration has happened with strong leadership , and , critically , a process that is broadly perceived to be fair . Opinion : Women in combat a dangerous experiment Even if the arguments underpinning the ban on women in combat have weakened , is there sufficient justification for change ? The Joint Chiefs apparently believe so , as they have unanimously recommended the ban be lifted . Each of the services already has been taking steps along these lines . This is in part driven by the evolution of the battlefield . When today 's senior leaders were serving time in Iraq and Afghanistan , they realized that the restrictions on women sometimes also restricted their missions . They implemented work-arounds and sought exceptions to policy . But they came home with firsthand experience of the mismatch between modern warfare and the policies limiting women 's role . Women are in combat , and senior military leaders believe that future success demands they must remain available to be so , in even greater numbers . From the institutional viewpoint , there are also concerns that the traditional limitations fail to make the best use of women in the service . Combat experience weighs heavily in promotion decisions , and restrictions have precluded women from gaining experiences equal to those of male counterparts . Women are also excluded from many of the occupations disproportionately represented in senior leadership , and that automatically limits the number of women who can advance to the highest levels . At the same time , the pool of Americans eligible for military service is shrinking , and competition for high-quality recruits is intensifying . So it 's imperative that the military fully leverage the talent of the men and women it has and that it seeks to attract . By the numbers : Women in the U.S. military The arguments in favor of lifting the ban on women in combat outweigh those against it . Despite Defense Secretary Leon Panetta 's announcement on Thursday , the military services maintain the prerogative to preclude women from serving in certain positions or occupations . Infantry , or at least some specialties within that branch , could well be a case in which restrictions are warranted . But military leaders have time to evaluate this proposition , and to set the conditions to make any change stick . The path ahead may not be smooth , but it is necessary . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maren Leed .	Maren Leed : Ban on women in combat has hurt operations , women 's promotion Leed : Integrating women into the physically demanding infantry presents challenges Women are already in combat ; she says , the "  front line " and "  rear line " no longer exist Leed : Research into women in infantry might show that some limits might be appropriate
CNN  -- Woody Harrelson defended his clash with a photographer at a New York airport Wednesday night as a case of mistaken identity -- he says he mistook the cameraman for a zombie . Woody Harrelson says he got into a clash with a photographer because he mistook him for a zombie . The TMZ photographer filed a complaint with police claiming the actor damaged his camera and pushed him in the face at La Guardia Airport , according to an airport spokesman . "  We 're looking into this allegation and if it 's warranted , we 'll turn it over to the proper authorities , " said Port Authority of New York and New Jersey spokesman Ron Marsico . The photographer , who was not identified , captured the encounter on a small camera after his larger one was broken . Harrelson , who is being sued by another TMZ photographer for an alleged assault in 2006 , did not deny his involvement . "  I wrapped a movie called ` Zombieland , ' in which I was constantly under assault by zombies , then flew to New York , still very much in character , " Harrelson said in a statement issued Friday by his publicist . "  With my daughter at the airport I was startled by a paparazzo , who I quite understandably mistook for a zombie , " he said . TMZ.com posted two videos of the incident , including one recorded by the larger camera before it was damaged . The first video shows the photographer following Harrelson and his daughter down an escalator and out of the terminal . It ends with Harrelson apparently reaching for the lens . The second video begins with the photographer accusing Harrelson of breaking his camera . After Harrelson returns the camera to him , a scuffle appears to ensue . "  Woody , this is assault . Woody , this is assault , " the photographer is heard saying . "  Woody , chill out . Would you please chill out ? " The photographer continues to follow Harrelson for another four minutes as the actor and his daughter walk to the airport parking lot . At one point , Harrelson again turns toward the cameraman . "  I 'm being chased by Woody Harrelson while I 'm talking to you , " the photographer says as he talks to an unidentified person on a cell phone . "  He hit me in my face , he broke my friggin ' camera , he broke the camera in pieces , " he said . Harrelson , his daughter and a driver get inside an SUV and the encounter ends . In the movie "  Zombieland , " Harrelson plays "  the most frightened person on Earth " looking for refuge from zombies , according to the Internet Movie Database Filming on the movie wrapped in Atlanta , Georgia , on Wednesday , according to director Ruben Fleischer 's Web site . TMZ photographer Josh Levine filed a lawsuit against Harrelson last year for an alleged attack outside a Hollywood nightclub in 2006 . Video of that incident , which is also posted on TMZ.com , also appeared to show Harrelson grabbing a camera and clashing with the photographer . Los Angeles prosecutors declined to press charges against the actor , but Levine filed a suit last summer asking for $ 2.5 million in damages . "  Woody Harrelson has a history of anger management issues with people and we intend to put a stop to this , " Cyrus Nownejad , Levine 's lawyer , said Friday . TMZ is partly owned by AOL , part of CNN 's parent company , Time Warner . CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	Woody Harrelson defends his clash with a photographer at a New York airport Statement through publicist says he was still in character from zombie movie Harrelson : "  I quite understandably mistook -LSB- the photographer -RSB- for a zombie " Harrelson is being sued by another TMZ photographer for an alleged assault
AOL Autos  -- The headline of this article illustrates the feeling people get when they encounter small , annoying maladies in their vehicles . Steering/wheel vibrations are some of the most common . Squeaks , rattles , leaks , and vibrations are so irritating to motorists that the carmakers have created a separate category in their labor guides for warranty repair . The average time paid by the manufacturer to track down and repair these annoying gremlins is about a half hour , but most times it actually takes a lot longer than that to identify and make the necessary repair . Squeaks & rattles  S/R Squeaks & rattles  S/R  usually occur as a result of either two parts rubbing together or as a result of some part that is not quite secure , resulting in a squeak under load . The most common origins of S/R are from inside the dashboard , the vehicle 's body , suspension or brakes . Whenever a S/R develops , try to isolate the noise . Does it only happen when braking ? Turning ? Backing up ? Going over a bump ? While driving over a bumpy roadway ? And where does the sound seem to be coming from ? The dash ? Under the car ? The front or rear wheels ? Once you isolate the approximate location of the noise and when it happens , something can be done about it . Air and water leaks What 's leaking ? Water or air ? There 's a different diagnostic procedure for finding these leaks . If you have fresh water coming into the vehicle , than you need to determine if it 's coming from outside or inside . If from outside , it could be a leak in the windshield or a body seam . The best way to duplicate this condition is to spray water on the outside of the vehicle in the approximate area where the water is leaking into the vehicle . Have someone inside the vehicle trying to find the origin of entry using a flashlight . Once you find it , seal the leak . This may require re-sealing the windshield , adjusting the door tighter against the doorjamb gasket , adjusting the door glass tighter against the glass squeegee , or sealing a body seam . Whether or not you can repair it yourself depends on your knowledge and access to the necessary equipment . If air is leaking into the vehicle , the best way to duplicate and track down an air leak is to drive the vehicle with another person trying to track down the noise , using either a stethoscope or electronic air leak listening device . Once pinpointed , repair of an air leak may require replacement of a door or glass gasket , or the re-sealing of the windshield or a body seam . AOL Autos : Top 10 least-polluting cars Vehicle vibrations Vehicle vibrations take various forms . The most common forms fall into the following categories : -- Steering/suspension/wheel / tire -- Body/chassis -- Engine - Drivetrain Steering/suspension/wheel / tire This category is by far the most popular form of vehicle vibration . Tires go out of balance or go bad , steering linkage and suspension components wear out , and wheels get bent . All these conditions can result in steering wheel vibration . AOL Autos : Most popular crossover vehicles Say , for instance , you experience a steering wheel vibration at 55MPH , below or above this speed vibration is not present . In such a case , a tire is probably out of balance . Worn steering linkage often causes vibration of the steering wheel while driving a rough road , usually after hitting a pothole or some sort of bump in the road . This action sets the steering linkage off into a wild side to side dance that is characterized by a vigorous back and forth motion of the steering wheel . AOL Autos : Cars with the best resale values Suspension wear can cause a similar action . Check the control arm bushings , ball joints , struts and strut bearings . Check the shocks on shock suspensions . Finally , a bent wheel or bad tire causes steering wheel vibration that 's always present and intensifies at higher speeds . AOL Autos : Best used luxury cars Body/chassis Vibration in the body and chassis can be more difficult to track down because it can originate from a location other than where it shows up . This is called telescoping . The best way to track down a body or chassis vibration is via the use of a special electronic listening device called a "  Chassis Ear . " This is an electronic listening device that uses multiple microphones to amplify vibrations , so that they can be more accurately and efficiently tracked down . AOL Autos : Top 10 cars you may overlook Engine vibration Engine vibration can usually be traced to an engine miss from a bad sparkplug or plug wire , vacuum leak , faulty ignition component , mechanical failure of a cylinder  such as a broken valve spring , burnt valve , worn piston rings  , and a host of other stuff . A simple engine diagnostic will bring to light the cause of engine vibration . Drivetrain The final category of the most popular vibration complaint is Drivetrain vibration , which come from the transmission , axles , differentials , transfer cases and all affiliated components . This type of vibration usually expresses itself throughout the whole vehicle . While accelerating or decelerating you can feel it in the seats , floorboards , steering wheel , and doors  essentially throughout the entire vehicle  . It usually intensifies with engine acceleration or deceleration . Popular causes of this type of vibration are loose or worn CV or universal joints , bent drive or half shafts , loose transmission output shaft bearings or bushings , or worn differential or transfer case bearings . The next time you hear that annoying squeak or rattle , or feel that irritating vibration , your vehicle is trying to tell you something . Do n't put up with it ; get it fixed and avoid bigger problems down the road . 'Til next time ... Keep Rollin '	Small car noises and vibrations can be really annoying and hard to fix Average time paid to track down and repair these is about a half hour Squeaks & rattles usually occur as a result of two parts rubbing together The most popular vibration complaint is Drivetrain vibration
EW.com  -- Let 's play one final bass-drop requiem in memory of EDM . If the genre has n't already been wub-wub-wub 'd to death , Daft Punk would like to smother it with its own spirit hoodie . True , the duo 's Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo helped spawn this new wave of harder , faster , stronger dance music â $ " but lately , they 've been slagging off that scene for its lack of imagination and its overreliance on preset sounds . Of course , that only makes Random Access Memories , their first proper album in eight years , feel more like a revelation : It features no electronics except for a modular synthesizer and some vintage vocoders , and uses only one sample .  A snippet from the Sherbs ' " We Ride Tonight " opens the final track , " Contact . " Recorded in the studio with an orchestra , a children 's choir , and an all-star cast that includes Pharrell Williams , Nile Rodgers , Julian Casablancas , Panda Bear , and Giorgio Moroder , it 's a headphones album in an age of radio singles ; a bravura live performance that stands out against pro forma knob-twiddling ; a jazzy disco attack on the basic house beat ; a full collaboration at a time when the superstar DJ stands alone . It 's also quite moving ; melancholy runs through every song . As the title suggests , RAM explores the way that memory is stored â $ " on a hard drive or in your brain . Nostalgia is a major theme here , both in the music , which celebrates disco  first single " Get Lucky "  , funk  " Give Life Back to Music "  , and classic sci-fi soundtracks  " Contact "  , and in the lyrics , which often feature men of a certain age reckoning with the past . " Giorgio by Moroder " begins with the disco godfather recalling the days when he stayed out all night and slept in his car , while the music vividly evokes each decade he describes , building from a dramatic string section to record-scratching to a synth-pop finale that plays out like an epic laser-tag game . Later , Todd Edwards wants to " feel like I 'm 17 " on the pedal-steel daydreamer " Fragment of Time , " and the wistful " Touch " finds Paul Williams looking back on young love : " I remember touch , " he sighs through a vocoder , as spaceship sounds fire off . " You 've given me too much to feel / You 've almost convinced me I 'm real . " You do n't know whether you 're supposed to imagine him playing a sad HAL 9000 or a lonely astronaut . And maybe that 's the point : It 's hard to tell the difference between people and machines in dance music these days . But if EDM is turning humans into robots , Daft Punk are working hard to make robot pop feel human again . Grade - A BEST TRACKS : " Giorgio By Moroder " A disco odyssey that explains the genre 's back story " Touch " A robot lament See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Random Access Memories is the duo 's "  first proper album in eight years " It was recorded with an orchestra , a children 's choir , and an all-star cast Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo comprise the duo
CNN  The UK 's Metropolitan Police has summoned five football fans to answer allegations of racism . It relates to an incident captured on camera , prior to Chelsea 's European Champions League match with Paris Saint-Germain last month . In the French capital before the match an apparent group of Chelsea fans are caught on camera , appearing to prevent a black man boarding the Paris Metro . The video , widely shared on social media , also depicted the group of men chanting : "  We 're racist , we 're racist and that 's the way we like it . " The man in the video was blocked several times from boarding the train and shoved off at least twice . He was later identified as Souleymane S , a 33-year-old Parisian on his way home from work . London 's Met Police had appealed for help to identify those responsible but in a statement released Wednesday , said five men were due in court later this month . It read : "  On 10 March and 11 March , the Metropolitan Police Service served summonses on five men involved in incidents on the Paris Metro before the Paris Saint-Germain v Chelsea Champions League fixture on Tuesday 17 February . "  They have been summonsed to appear at Waltham Forest Magistrates ' Court on Wednesday , 25 March regarding a police application for football banning orders . " The authorities have not identified any of the alleged perpetrators . Chelsea were quick to condemn the group , saying in a statement after the incident that the chanting was "  abhorrent " and something that "  has no place in football or society . " Manager Jose Mourinho said he was "  ashamed " by the flashpoint , while the club moved quickly to suspend the five men involved . It said they faced a life ban should they be found guilty . "  I watched the image the next day , I did n't want to watch again , I watched only once , " Mourinho told reporters a few days after the match in Paris . "  It is enough for me , it is sad enough for me . It is a humiliation for that gentleman , I imagine myself in that same situation , I want to go home after a day of work and a couple of guys they kick me out of my public transport . " A club spokesperson also confirmed that Chelsea 's Russian owner Roman Abramovich was "  disgusted " by the incident whilst French President Francois Hollande personally spoke to Souleymane . Chelsea invited him to attend the return fixture at Stamford Bridge but he declined the offer . "  I wo n't go , " he was quoted as saying by French radio station RTL . "  They ca n't buy me with a little piece of paper . I 'm not a child . "  I do n't want to sit in that stadium next to those people who pushed me . I still hear the voices of those people who pushed me because of the color of my skin . " Football banning orders can last for between three and ten years , and any breach can result in a criminal offense , with a prison sentence of up to six months .	UK 's Metropolitan Police summon five people to answer allegations of racism The group , believed to be Chelsea fans , abused a black man on Paris Metro Video of the incident showed a black man being prevented from boarding a train Chelsea has suspended five fans and will issue life bans if they are found guilty
CNN  -- March 2012 will go down as the warmest March in the United States since record-keeping began in 1895 , NOAA said Monday . In addition , the three-month period of January , February and March was the warmest first quarter ever recorded in the Lower 48 states . The average was 42 degrees Fahrenheit , a whopping 6 degrees above the long-term average . A staggering 15,292 warm temperature records were broken ,  7,755 record highs and 7,517 record high overnight lows  , according to Chris Vaccaro , spokesperson for NOAA . "  That 's tremendously excessive . The scope and the scale of warmth was really unprecedented , Vaccaro said . A persistent weather pattern during the month of March led to 25 states east of the Rockies having their warmest March on record , NOAA said . That same pattern was responsible for cooler-than-average conditions in the West Coast states of Washington , Oregon and California , they said . The warm temperatures also contributed to conditions that were favorable for severe thunderstorms and tornadoes . There were 223 preliminary tornado reports during March , a month that averages 80 tornadoes , according to NOAA 's Storm Prediction Center . The majority of these tornadoes occurred during a severe weather outbreak across the Ohio River Valley and Southeast in early March . The outbreak caused 40 deaths and total losses of $ 1.5 billion , making it the first billion-dollar disaster of 2012 . Short-term weather patterns such as the one that affected the United States are poor indicators of global climate trends , however . Parts of the world , most notably Eastern Europe , experienced below-average to extreme cold temperatures this winter . CNN 's Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	January-February-March also was warmest first quarter on record , NOAA reports NOAA : More than 7,700 record highs were recorded during the month March also saw more than 7,500 all-time high overnight lows , weather agency reports Preliminary tornado reports for the month were almost four times the average
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder is worried about wholes that are greater than the sum of their parts . Take , for instance , the current mix of bomb-makers from Yemen with foreign fighters in Syria . "  That 's a deadly combination , where you have people who have the technical know-how along with the people who have this kind of fervor to give their lives in support of a cause that is directed at the United States and directed at its allies . And it 's something that gives us really extreme , extreme concern , " he told ABC 's "  This Week . " He estimated there are about 7,000 foreign fighters in Syria , coming from places like Europe and the United States . "  In some ways , it 's more frightening than anything I think I 've seen as attorney general , " he said . "  This is a situation that we can see developing and the potential that I see coming up , the negative potential I see coming out of the facts in Syria and Iraq now , are quite concerning , " he said . Since it started in 2011 , the conflict in Syria has left more than 150,00 dead and some 680,000 injured . Then there 's the humanitarian crisis for the survivors , with the United Nations estimating that more than 9.3 million need help and that at least 6.5 million have been forced from their homes into other parts of Syria . Another 2.5 million are now refugees in neighboring countries . And threats from that part of the world are n't the only ones Holder has to worry about . He also fears potential attacks on planes . This month , the Transportation Security Administration said that security screeners at overseas airports may ask U.S.-bound passengers to turn on their electronic devices to prove they work and are n't explosive devices . They wo n't allow devices without power on board planes . The traveler may then undergo additional screening . It 's part of an update to security measures aimed at combating potential new threats from terrorists in the Middle East and Europe . "  This is not a test ... We 're doing something in reaction to things that we have detected , " Holder told ABC about the upgrades . "  We are at a dangerous time , " he said . U.S. attorney general urges new laws to prevent terror from returning fighters	Holder is concerned about a mix of bomb-makers and foreign fighters The U.S. attorney general talks to ABC 's "  This Week " Recent security upgrades are "  not a test , " he says
CNN  -- This month Road to Rio -- a Green City Journey stops off in the world 's second most populated country , India . Sara Sidner , Mallika Kapur and Nick Glass meet in the capital city New Delhi , to explore how carbon cuts are being made . They hit the ground on green modes of transport to take on the Green City Challenge , picking up the best of green initiatives in a city heaving with mechanical and human traffic . From a solar-paneled rickshaw they explore the cuts being made in transport -- nearly the whole public transport system is run on natural gas  CNG  and the Metro system is expanding to take 17 million cars off the road reducing emissions by 160 millions tons . The slogan of the Rio Earth Summit , where we 're heading in June , is "  The Future We Want . " Are young Indians participating in the future they want ? Sara visits a local orphanage where organic waste from the local market is powering the stoves -- one solution to Delhi 's problem of 9,000 tons of waste daily . Night markets are being lit by solar lamps in an initiative pioneered by Delhi students . And in the evening : A local eco-community provides the entertainment with a Bollywood movie in a solar powered cinema accompanied by popcorn made in a solar cooker . GREEN TEA Tea production is one of India 's foremost industries and nowhere is more celebrated for its tea leaves than Darjeeling . Nick goes to visit Chamong Tea Estate where tea pickers are exploiting renewable hydroelectric power to help run their business , making this truly "  green tea . " CLEANING UP DIRTY PHONE CALLS Bharti Infratel in Gurgaon , near Delhi , has turned to renewable energy to help power the conversations of the future . The telecoms industry is growing massively each year , nowhere more so than in India . With around 800 million cell phone subscribers as well as call centers , every 10 % increase in penetration has increased the country 's GDP by 1.2 % . However , the telecoms industry has a dirty secret ; it is very carbon intensive . Sara goes to find out how it are cleaning up . SUSTAINABLE SILK India is the world 's second largest producer of textiles after China . It is an age-old trade , but the millions of meters of fabric rolled out each year pump nearly 200 million tons of carbon into the atmosphere . Mallika heads to Jaipur to see how a textile factory is turning the power of the sun to weave more and burn less . MUGHAL GREEN WISDOM Locked into the ornate stone walls of Jaipur 's Mughal palaces are the keys to really green buildings . Architect Manit Rastogi has explored the palaces to build a carbon cool university in a desert climate . Nick accompanies Rastogi from the Amber Fort to the Hawa Mahal , to see how clever manipulations of stone and water have made the Pearl Academy an energy efficient masterpiece . MUMBAI RECYCLING Approximately 7,000 tonnes of waste is generated per day in Mumbai . Residents of the city 's sprawling slum Dharavi , one of the largest slums in the world , have come up with a solution . Rag pickers swarm the heaps of garbage , and now there 's a buck or two more for their work . Recycling the mounds of plastic into toys , household products and accessories is making big business out of rubbish . Mallika goes to find out . Watch the show in February at the following times : Wednesday , February 15 : 1030,1730 , Saturday , February 18 : 0530 , 1930 , Sunday , February 19 : 1230 Saturday , February 25 : 1230 , Sunday , February 26 : 0530,1930 all times GMT	This month Road to Rio stops off in India to check out some green initiatives there The team first finds new modes of transportation helping to cut carbon in New Delhi They also look into how Indians use renewable energy as an alternative power source Plus , the program explores some of the green landmarks in the country
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Prodding Israel and the Palestinian Authority to restart talks aimed at a permanent resolution of their decades-old conflict , President Obama dropped a demand for an Israeli settlement freeze , U.S. , Israeli and Palestinian officials said . Benjamin Netanyahu , left , President Obama and Mahmoud Abbas . "  Simply put , it is past time to talk about starting negotiations . It is time to move forward , " Obama told reporters before a meeting with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  It is time to show the flexibility and common sense and sense of compromise that is necessary to achieve our goals , " Obama said . Obama first met separately with Netanyahu and Abbas on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly in what he called "  frank and productive " talks . The session was the first among the three leaders since Obama took office in January . George Mitchell , Obama 's envoy for the Middle East , attended Tuesday 's talks . He said the talks were "  at all times cordial , " but "  direct " and sometimes "  blunt . " Obama told Abbas and Netanyahu that , "  The only reason to hold public office is to get things done , " and that everyone "  must take risks for peace , " Mitchell said . Mitchell told reporters the U.S. is "  not identifying any issue as being a precondition or an impediment to negotiation . " But the United States and Israel have publicly disagreed on Israeli plans to build more housing on land the Palestinians regard as theirs . Previous Obama administration demands for a freeze have been ignored by the Netanyahu government . Watch Netanyahu address peace , settlements " Abbas has so far rejected resuming talks with Israel until the Jewish state halts all settlement building in the occupied West Bank and in predominantly Palestinian East Jerusalem . Arab states also have balked at the U.S. request to take confidence-building measures toward Israel until Israel freezes settlement construction . Sitting with Netanyahu and Abbas , Obama softened his regular language on a settlement "  freeze , " saying that Israel has had meaningful discussions about "  restraining " settlement activity . "  But they need to translate these discussions into real action on this and other issues , " he said . "  Obama told Abbas that he could n't get the settlement freeze and promised to keep trying , but that it should n't be a condition for talks and it was time to move on , " one Palestinian aide to Abbas said . Several U.S. officials said that Obama told Abbas that although the U.S. believe a settlement freeze would create a better atmosphere for talks to begin , the lack of one should not be used an as excuse not to talk . "  Let 's not have the perfect be the enemy of the good , " Obama told Abbas , according to the officials . Watch Obama : ` We have to find a way forward ' " "  It 's been apparent for some time that the Israelis were going to fall short of what is necessary on the settlement freeze , " one senior U.S. official said . "  But our view is let 's get to negotiations and settlements will be addressed within those final status issues " A senior Israeli diplomat said Israel agreed to not building any new settlements , no outward expansion of existing growth and to only build for "  natural " growth within existing settlements . He said Israel also agreed not to encourage Israelis to move to settlements , which would increase the population . "  A complete settlement freeze was n't physically or politically possible , especially in the absence of any Arab or Palestinian concessions , " the Israeli diplomat said . "  There was a time the gaps had significantly narrowed , but now they were starting to widen . The administration recognized , rather than have them widen further , we should start negotiating . " The Palestinian aide to Abbas said Obama 's failure to secure a settlement freeze has weakened him in the eyes of the Palestinian delegation , because it casts doubt on his ability to move Israel during final status negotiations . The Palestinians did win an important point , however , with Obama making clear that the peace talks would not start from scratch , which Netanyahu had favored . Rather the talks would take into account progress made in previous negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians , the sources said . The Israeli diplomat said that Israel would "  take into account " the previous negotiations , but stressed his country 's longstanding position that "  nothing is agreed to until everything is agreed to . " Obama also addressed Abbas ' desire to have the terms for negotiations more clearly defined , asking Israeli and Palestinian negotiators to come to Washington next week for further talks . Next week 's talks , to be led by George Mitchell , will center on what issues will be addressed at negotiations , which will present the U.S. with its next big challenge . Palestinians want negotiations to resolve the "  final status " issues of the conflict , such as borders , Jerusalem and the right of return for Palestinian refugees . Israel wants to begin with talks on a "  provisional " Palestinian state .	NEW : Israel agrees to some limits on West Bank settlement growth "  It is past time to talk about starting negotiations , " President Obama says Obama meets separately , then jointly , with Netanyahu and Abbas Meetings come as hopes for renewed Israeli-Palestinian talks have dimmed
CNN  -- Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's intended presence as chief guest of honor at India 's Republic Day parade in New Delhi on Sunday symbolizes the significance India places on an ever-closer relationship with Japan in their mutual quest to counter the economic and strategic might of China . Abe , whose Defense Minister , Itsunori Onodera , was in India earlier this month for talks on expanded bilateral defense cooperation , will see some of India 's latest military hardware on display in the traditional parade , including its nuclear-capable long-range missiles , the Agni 4 and Agni 5 . India successfully tested a 4,000-km range Agni 4 on January 20 from its Wheeler Island launch site in the Bay of Bengal . Republic Day is the most high-profile event on the Indian political calendar , and the government makes a point of inviting leaders from countries with whom it seeks to cultivate closer ties . Chief guests in recent years have included the presidents of Indonesia and South Korea , for example . Last month , India and Japan held their first bilateral naval exercise in Indian waters off the coast of Chennai , following on from a similar exercise in Japanese waters in June 2012 . The two sides have also taken part in the multilateral "  Malabar " naval exercises in recent years , joining US , Australian and Singaporean ships . Territorial disputes Japan and India , the second and third-biggest economies in Asia behind China , both have an uneasy relationship with Beijing . Tensions between Japan and China are running high over territorial disputes in the East China Sea centered on the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands , and over the controversial December 26 visit by Abe to the Yasukuni Shrine , the Tokyo site regarded by China , North Korea and South Korea as a symbol of Japan 's imperial military past and honors war criminals . India and China fought a brief border war in 1962 and had a serious military standoff last April when India alleged that Chinese troops crossed into Indian-held territory near Ladakh in the Himalayan mountain range . China denied any incursion . There were further incidents in July near Ladakh and in August in Arunachal Pradesh , the northeastern Indian state where China also has laid claim to territory . Since then , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang have pledged "  maximum restraint " on border issues . They vowed not to seek "  unilateral superiority " along the 3,500-km border when they signed an agreement in Beijing last October . Japan -- and Abe in particularly -- has long regarded India as a powerful counterweight to China 's strategic rise in the Indo-Pacific region . In his 2007 book "  Towards a Beautiful Country : My Vision for Japan , " Abe singled out India for special attention , writing that it would not surprise him if "  in another decade , Japan-India relations overtake Japan-U.S. and Japan-China ties . " China-Japan trade That goal looks improbable -- at least on the economic front . Japan 's $ 340 billion of annual two-way trade with China dwarfs its $ 20 billion trade ties with India -- a consequence of the many Japanese businesses based in China -- but India has long been the biggest recipient of Japanese development aid and both sides are keen to grow business and investment ties . During Abe 's upcoming visit , he and Singh are expected to discuss Japanese investment and assistance for the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor and other infrastructure projects such as the Mumbai Metro . Japan is also keen to sell its unique ShinMaywa US-2 search and rescue seaplane to the Indian defense forces . Asked at a press conference in New Delhi on January 6 about Chinese concerns over the proposal , Japanese Defense Minister Onodera said he believed China was probably the world 's biggest exporter of weapons . "  I feel there is an incongruity that China , which sells lots of weapons globally , is concerned about Japan 's attempt to export the US-2 , which is not even a weapon but just a seaplane . I speculate that the international community has the same view as ours , " he said . Mistakes of past Abe , who became Japanese prime minister in December 2012 -- a role he also held in 2006-07 -- has shown an assertive style in his attempts to rebuild Japan 's economic and military status in the Indo-Pacific region . His approach prompted sustained criticism from China during 2013 , urging Japan to "  adopt a correct attitude " and reflect on the mistakes of its militaristic past . Predictably , Abe 's December 26 visit to Yasukuni Shrine evoked strong reactions from both China and South Korea . Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said on January 9 that Abe , by his actions and words , had "  shut the door " on dialogue with the Chinese side . "  It shows that he does not have even the slightest interest in improving relations with China and other Asian neighbors , " Hua said . For China , a warmer relationship between Japan and India is just another indicator of what it regards as a U.S.-led attempt to encircle or contain China . In its view , the Obama administration 's "  Asian pivot , " with its enhanced military cooperation with countries such as Japan , Australia and the Philippines , is a vehicle to delay or derail China 's natural ascension as the preeminent Asian power .	India and Japan have been in talks on expanded bilateral defense cooperation Both Asian powers have endured an uneasy relationship with China Japan has long regarded India as a powerful counterweight to Beijing 's strategic rise Yet trade between China and Japan dwarfs trade between Tokyo and India
CNN  -- You could n't really call him a "  Bond villain " in the grander context of Dr. No , Auric Goldfinger , Hugo Drax or that annoyingly resilient cat-fancier Ernst Stavros Blofeld . Those guys were schemers , planners , twisted visionaries of mass apocalypse whose Big Ideas were to be played out at humanity 's expense . They thought they were so much smarter than the rest of us that it made it easier to invest our collective hope that James Bond would ultimately ruin their parties . But Jaws ? We could never get as worked up about him any more than you get upset about a lower-level employee called upon do to a dirty job , even if the employee is over 7 feet tall and has the chromium grill of a compact car for teeth . In the fantasy universe of henchmen and human tool-kits , Jaws was the uberstooge , an angel of death who could n't soar far or fast enough to deliver the coup de grace to 007 . It 's not that we  necessarily  rooted for Jaws any more than we really wanted Wile E. Coyote to catch the Road Runner . Wait , maybe we did . Jaws often resembled that poor scrawny desert wretch whenever he fell  literally  short of his quarry . In any case , we had so much fun watching him chase Roger Moore 's plummy-voiced version of Bond in 1977 's "  The Spy Who Loved Me " that we cheered upon first seeing him return in 1979 's "  Moonraker . " Imagine how Goldfinger 's henchman Oddjob would have been received if his hat had n't gotten caught in that electrified grill . Monstrous as Jaws was , there was something deep inside that made us feel a little sorry for him when having all that muscle and menace and grillwork did him little good .  I mean , c'mon , man , you can take down a real shark by yourself , but ca n't do away with a smarty-pants secret agent smaller than you ? The man who played the role , Richard Kiel , died Wednesday in Los Angeles at 74 . And it 's no surprise to learn , from an interview he did in 2009 , that he insisted on making him less a walking prop and more like a person with such "  human characteristics " as "  frustration " and "  perseverance . " There was more of the latter than the former in Kiel 's post-Bond career . He embraced his Jaws-inspired notoriety with abiding grace and generosity . He continued to act , became a born-again Christian after a bout with alcoholism and even co-wrote a biography of the Kentucky abolitionist Cassius Clay for whom the Louisville-born Muhammad Ali was originally named . With Kiel 's passing , you suddenly realize how inimitable Jaws was . Is there anybody like him in movies now ? Beyond , maybe , the pro wrestling circuit , is there anybody like him anywhere ?	Gene Seymour : Jaws was n't standard , scheming Bond villain . He was no Dr. No or Hugo Drax We wanted Bond to beat them . But Jaws more a low-level employee : scary , not hateful , he says He says late actor , Richard Kiel , who played Jaws , said he tried to make him more human Seymour : His passing makes you realize how singular his villain was ; no one else like him
CNN  -- Is it OK to not like Fenway Park ? Can you say so without sounding as if you 're the kind of guy who would love to break in and trash Buckingham Palace , the Louvre , the Vatican , the Taj Mahal , Graceland , Disneyland and Hogwarts ? Is there anyone from New England who would go , hmmm , maybe you 're right ? Or would everyone there like to see you sentenced to 20 years in Shawshank for insulting Boston 's baseball park , which in that corner of America is considered a hate crime ? Samuel L. Clemens  no relation to Roger  , aka Mark Twain  a plain-talkin ' Midwestern indigene like myself  , once wrote of a certain Massachusetts metropolis : "  One of the most engaging peculiarities of Boston is her reverence for her traditions , her relics , her antiquities . " He was referring to her Massacre , not her ballpark , but I think he really nailed her . Twain died on April 21 , 1910 , in Connecticut , as good a place to get sick and kick a bucket as any .  A great many insurance agents there . Two years later , damn near to the day , a new Boston place of business opened its gates to the public . April 20 , 1912 , turned out to be a big day in that city 's history , even if most of the folks from the Fenway district 100 years ago were still talking about a big tub in the Atlantic that went down with poor Leo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet on it . I am pleased to acknowledge that Fenway Park 's centennial is upon us . I am less pleased to confess that -- at the risk of offending any Red Sox fan who feels as if you have just spat on his or her great-grandfather 's grave -- what I love about Fenway is , to be perfectly frank with you , nothing . If you love it , love every single thing about it , good for you . I am very sorry , but not all of us do . All right , now here comes the disclaimer where I give you a lot of yada-yada about how much I do like the city of Boston itself , the community , the Commons , heck , the whole Commonwealth , and have never in my life spent a bad hour there . I have no grudge against the Red Sox in any way , shape or form . I am not a Yankees guy . I have admired the pride of New England folk ever since Hester Prynne took a high hard one , oh about letter-high . I have long liked Sweet Baby James and Marvelous Marvin and Tip and Yaz and Eck and El Tiante and Oil Can and Big Papi and the Pops and the Pats . I even thought for a few years that "  Boston Legal " was the best show on TV . If I belabor this point , it is out of self-preservation . SI : A lyric to the little bandbox I am no Boston basher by nature and have no desire to be branded as one . I was a ChiSox child , but liked the BoSox just fine . The first game Dad took me to was Sox vs. Sox , and darned if Ted Williams did n't wallop a home run . So did the pitcher , a guy named Jerry Casale whom I never laid eyes on thereafter . To earn a living  if you can call it that  , I got a newspaper job . I have been to Fenway a couple dozen times . I saw Pudge behind the plate and Dwight in right . I interviewed Dom DiMaggio once . I interviewed Ted 's kid , the one who deep-froze him . I became a Hall of Fame voter who did not vote for Jim Rice . I did n't care much for Bill Buckner , so I did n't much care when that ball went through his legs . I was in St. Louis on the 2004 night when the Red Sox took the World Series to reverse the Bambino curse . I wrote about Harry Frazee selling Babe Ruth to New York for $ 100,000 so he could back a show called "  No , No , Nanette . " I promptly got a note from Harry Frazee III , saying no , no , that was a big fat lie because his grandfather did no such thing . "  His theater money went into baseball , " I was told . When the park first went up , Bostonians undoubtedly felt like Kubla Khan must have when a stately pleasure-dome he did decree . For 1912 , Fenway Park must have been such an architectural marvel , you 'd think Howard Roark of "  Fountainhead " fame designed it . I am sure the washrooms had indoor plumbing and everything modern . The seats in the grandstand were so large , they could comfortably accommodate men as large as 5-foot-5 . Little did they know that come April 20 , 2012 , there would be all kinds of wild changes in the world , like a manned spaceship to the moon , a black man in the White House and a woman maybe even being considered for membership at Augusta National . I applaud the fact that the cute bandbox at 4 Yawkey Way , Boston , 02215 is now the oldest venue for a professional athletic team in these United States . It is in the news for turning 100 . Willard Scott and Smuckers will no doubt salute it . It is also in the news becase of an outspoken , outlandish , outstanding  choose one  opinion expressed by a young fellow by the name of Luke Scott , a designated hitter  one of those post-1912 things  for the Tampa Bay Rays  ditto  , who had the temerity to say of Fenway Park : "  As a baseball player , going there to work , it 's a dump . " Whoa , did his spit hit the fans . You 'd have thought he compared Fenway to the quake-struck Fukushima Daiichi nuke plant . You know , in a keep-out , run-for-your-lives kind of way . I grant you that it did n't help the kid 's popularity any that Scott went on to say of Fenway 's fans that "  they 're ruthless , they 're vulgar , they cause trouble , they talk about your family , swear at you ... who likes that ? " Uh , not me . The Real Housewives of New Jersey , maybe , but not me . I neither adore nor abhor Fenway , but I believe its time has come and gone . I have seen the Yankees , Tigers , Giants , Orioles , White Sox and others erect fine new ballyards for future generations to enjoy . They have done so over the objections of every stubborn cuss who insists that his or her grandkids and great-grandkids must attend the old park just because I did and , oh , I love it so . Come on . Let the kids of April 20 , 2022 , and 2032 and 2102 have a pristine , up-to-the-minute place to watch the Sox , a place to create memories of their own . Yes , yours is a "  real " ballpark . I enjoyed the scene in "  Moneyball " in which the team 's owner takes Billy Beane  Brad Pitt  to the park to absorb its beauty . It was such a sweet scene in that true story , I almost wish it were true . Boston 's boss interviewed Billy at his Florida home , not at the park . SI : Baseball 's oldest venue -- and still its best I have been Googling a few interesting observations of late , finding quotes from ex-Sox who love the team , love the fans but , yes , may God forgive them , would love a new park . I see the Massachusetts junior senator , Scott Brown , is taking a teasing about expressing his fondness for Fenway on its 100th anniversary after having devoted considerable effort at the beginning of this 21st century to having the Red Sox build a new park next door to the Patriots ' one ` way out in Foxborough . It was apparently an error on his part , for those of you scoring at home . A "  dump , " the word the Tampa Bay boy used , is a tad harsh . Bright gents like the baseball expert Peter Gammons and the Chicago columnist Rick Morrissey have applied that same tag to Wrigley Field in recent times , absent of malice . It is not about dissing the Cubs or their fans . It is about reminding them that the park has crummy plumbing , hungry rats and crumbling concrete . It is about ballplayers who must shower , shave and dress in locker rooms about as roomy as a Kardashian 's closet . "  Baseball 's Most Beloved Park " it reads on a sign by a Fenway doorway , or at least it did the last time I was there . It is a matter of opinion , not fact . Let 's let the Red Sox have the benefit of the doubt and concede that this claim is true . Let it be beloved . Let it be revered . Let it be blown to bits , then build a bigger , better , more beautiful Fenway Park , tall green left-field wall and all . I love you , Boston . Do n't hate me . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Boston 's Fenway Park opened 100 years ago today on April 20 , 1912 Mike Downey says insulting Fenway Park is practically a hate crime in the Boston area Downey on Fenway : "  I believe its time has come and gone " He 'd love to see "  a new , pristine , up-to-the-minute place to watch the Sox "
CNN  -- Some might call it the plain truth -- others , the plane truth . Virgin Group boss Richard Branson , who once received what 's widely considered the world 's best complaint letter , is sharing another one with his 3 million Twitter followers . Fortunately for him , it was sent to another airline . The sarcastic open letter to LIAT Airlines first appeared in The BVI Beacon , a newspaper in the British Virgin Islands , in April , but caught Branson 's attention last week . "  How to write a complaint letter -- read this hilarious note from a frustrated airline passenger , " Branson tweeted . In the letter , the writer Arthur Hicks comes out swinging . "  May I say how considerate it is of you to enable your passengers such an in-depth and thorough tour of the Caribbean , " Hicks begins . "  Most other airlines I have travelled on would simply wish to take me from point A to B in rather a hurry . I was intrigued that we were allowed to stop at not a lowly one or two but a magnificent six airports yesterday . " "  And who wants to fly on the same airplane the entire time ? We got to change and refuel every step of the way ! " Hicks goes on to say how much he enjoyed sampling the security scanners at each airport and the pat downs too . "  I feel as if I 've been hugged by most of the Caribbean already , " he writes . The letter closes with a curt : "  P.S. Keep the bag . I never liked it anyway . " Branson does drag after losing bet Disgruntled customers regularly say LIAT stands for Languishing In Airport Terminals , Luggage In Another Terminal or Leaving Island Any Time . Branson found himself on the receiving end of a similar stinging e-mail in 2008 in which a customer said his flight from Mumbai , India , to London was "  the culinary journey of hell , " and one that resembled a crime scene -- "  A CRIME AGAINST BLOODY COOKING . " Branson , who posted the letter to LIAT to his blog , said it 's a reminder that companies need to focus on what 's important . "  M  aking customer service key to your company will keep your employees motivated and your customers happy . This in turn ensures enduring loyalty , business success and a better experience for everyone . " Branson : Galactic spaceship to blast off in 2013	The letter to LIAT Airlines was published in April Virgin Group boss Richard Branson shares it with a new audience Virgin Airlines received a similar letter in 2008 , taking Branson to task Branson says companies need to focus on customer service
On Earth , the United States may be trading bitter accusations with Russia over Ukraine . But in space , it 's a different story . The space collaboration between the two nations has survived other diplomatic kerfuffles . And there 's no need to worry , NASA says . "  We do not expect the current Russia-Ukraine situation to have any impact on our civil space cooperation with Russia , including our partnership on the International Space Station program , " said Allard Beutel , a NASA spokesman . "  It is in the best interest of all ISS partners not to allow disruption of operations that have maintained continuous human presence on orbit for over a decade . " Right now , U.S. astronaut Mike Hopkins is aboard the Space Station with two Russian cosmonauts . He returns home aboard a Russian capsule on Monday . A few weeks later , another American astronaut , Steven Swanson , joins another two Russians on a trip to the station aboard another Russian Soyuz craft . Putin vs. Obama : Facing off over facts in Ukraine ` Reluctant co-dependency ' The two nations ca n't afford temporary tussles to upend a costly relationship -- one that James Oberg , a former space engineer , describes as "  reluctant co-dependency . " NASA retired its space shuttle fleet in 2011 , and its astronauts have no way to get to and from the station . Russian Soyuz capsules ferry U.S. astronauts and cosmonauts , together with supplies that can fit in the smaller craft . In turn , the United States brings to the table technology far more advanced than Russia 's capabilities , Oberg told Politico . At the same time , many of the Russian systems are more reliable because they are simpler and have been operating longer , Leroy Chiao , former NASA astronaut and International Space Station commander , told CNN . The space station itself has an intricate blend of both countries ' contributions -- from U.S. solar arrays and power systems to Russian core life support systems , to a navigation system that comes from both countries , he said . Americans and Russians train on each other 's systems , but one country ca n't run the station alone , he said . The mission control centers in Houston and Korolyov , near Moscow , have to coordinate commands sent to the station , he said . "  We need each other to operate the station , " Chiao said . "  Otherwise we run the risk of losing that asset . " Past disagreements Russia and the United States have disagreed on various issues in the past -- including most recently , the war in Syria , and Moscow 's granting of temporary asylum to NSA leaker Edward Snowden . The extraterrestrial partnership has gone unscathed . "  NASA and its Russian counterpart , Roscosmos , have maintained a professional , beneficial and collegial working relationship through the various ups and downs of the broader U.S.-Russia relationship and we expect that to continue , " Beutel said . Going about their days Up in space , the crew members for International Space Station Expedition 38 are going about their regular days . When they 're not busy conducting experiments , they play with floating food , exercise and document the spinning Earth with scenic pictures of various continents . "  Checked out our Sokul suits today in preparation for returning to Earth next Monday , " Hopkins tweeted this week . "  Ca n't believe it 's almost time ! " Hopkins ' crew includes Russians Sergey Ryazanskiy and Oleg Kotov , the latter a native of Crimea . The trio 's research focuses on human health and documenting protein crystal growth , which will help researchers come up with new treatment for diseases such as cystic fibrosis . The three launched in September , and are also studying the effects of extended space travel as NASA and Roscosmos prepare to send two crew members aboard the space station for a year . But it 's not all work and no play at the working laboratory orbiting about 240 miles above Earth . The crew also gets a chance to gaze at breathtaking sunsets and sunrises that occur every 45 minutes . On their regular weekends off , the international scientists watch movies , play music and cards , and talk to their families . A pretty penny The agreement between the two nations costs a pretty penny . According to a new deal NASA signed with the Russian space agency , the United States will pay Russia $ 71 million to ferry each astronaut to the space station . The emergence of private companies into the space transport business may change the game . NASA has a $ 1.6 billion contract with SpaceX to fly at least 12 cargo resupply missions to the space station , and a $ 1.9 billion contract with Orbital Sciences for eight such missions . SpaceX is gearing up for its third commercial resupply mission this month ; Orbital Sciences completed its first in February . As for transporting astronauts , NASA said in November that it is seeking to partner with U.S. companies for human trips to the station as well , by 2017 . That could end U.S. reliance on Russia for space voyages . But for now , experts say the U.S.-Russia relationship on space remains a marriage of convenience .	Former astronaut says both countries necessary for ISS NASA retired its space shuttle fleet in 2011 Its astronauts have no way to get to and from the international space station Russian Soyuz capsules ferry U.S. astronauts
CNN  -- Singapore plans to deport dozens of foreign workers who were involved in the country 's first major riot in more than 40 years , authorities said Tuesday . Some 52 Indian citizens and a Bangladeshi national will be sent home soon for their role in an attack on emergency services crews and their vehicles after a fatal traffic accident in Singapore 's Little India district earlier this month , according to the police commissioner , Ng Joo Hee . Most of the 53 individuals , who were being held in prison on Tuesday , have been in Singapore for less than five years , Ng said in a statement . About half are construction workers . "  They have been served with stern police warnings and immigration removal orders , and will be repatriated to their home countries shortly , " Ng said . Another 28 people , who were directly involved in the violence , have been charged and could face up to seven years in prison and caning . "  They were violent , they had attacked uniformed personnel and vehicles , damaged property , and had incited others to do so , " said the police commissioner . Charges against seven more people will be dropped , he added . The riot broke out among a crowd of hundreds of people on December 8 , shortly after a bus ran over a 33-year-old Indian man . According to Singaporean authorities , the mob set fire to vehicles , hurled objects and attacked rescue crews as they attempt to recover the man 's body . Around 200 foreign workers who were at the scene of the attack but did not directly participate will be issued an advisory , and will be allowed to stay in Singapore , "  on condition of continued good behavior , " Ng said Tuesday . Police do not expect to make many more arrests , charges or repatriations over the incident , he added . An investigation into the accident that sparked the riot is ongoing .	Singapore will repatriate South Asian workers involved in a riot in the Little India district Another 28 people who attacked emergency crews and vehicles have been charged , police say Authorities are investigating the traffic accident that sparked the riot
CNN  -- Inter Milan 's new coach Leonardo has revealed how he consulted with former Nerazzurri boss Jose Mourinho before deciding to take on the job . The Brazilian has spent much of his playing and coaching career at city rivals AC Milan but after his chat with Mourinho was convinced he was ready to take over from the sacked Rafael Benitez . "  I called him because I do n't think you could come to Inter without going through him , " Leonardo told the Italian club 's official website . "  We exchanged ideas on lots of things and I now share his opinions on lots of things . "  He knows everything about this place , because he 's still here in spirit -- he left everything here . I 'm very happy about what he told me . I rate Mourinho as a true world-beater , " he added . Football 's heroes and villains of 2010 Mourinho left in late May for Real Madrid after leading Inter to the Champions League , Serie A , Italian Cup treble . Despite Inter 's faltering league performances this season under Benitez , Leonardo is convinced that he does not need to make wholesale changes . "  Inter are a ready-made team , there 's no need to start over . This side has won everything , but in its own way , " the 41-year-old former World Cup winner said . "  It has its own identity and the players know what to do , when to play and how to play . My job is to create the right conditions for them to be able to do that well . " Benitez went after complaining , in the aftermath of Inter 's Club World Cup triumph , that club president Massimo Moratti had not given him the funds to strengthen his injury-hit squad . Leonardo believes there is enough quality at Inter to repeat last season 's successes . "  I 've noticed that all the players here , and not only the players , are hugely motivated , " he said . "  We do n't have to invent anything here , just get back to doing the great things that Inter has already shown it can do over the last few years . " Inter go into the second half of the Serie A season 13 points behind leaders AC Milan , but with two games in hand , and into the last 16 of the Champions League where they will play Bayern Munich in a repeat of the 2010 final .	Leonardo reveals he took advice from Jose Mourinho before taking Inter job Leonardo took charge after Rafael Benitez was sacked in the week before Christmas Mourinho led Inter to a historic treble last season before going to Real Madrid
London  CNN  -- Pencils have been sharpened , lunch boxes packed , now the bell is ringing . It 's back to school time . And for many parents , this means reaching deep into their pockets . This year , shoppers in the U.S. will spend more than $ 26.5 billion on school items for nearly 50 million children going to public schools . The cost of kitting out a pupil has risen rapidly -- by nearly 50 % in just five years , according to National Retail Federation . In the UK , the annual bill for items used by its 8.3 million children at school will be more than $ 4 billion , Santander research shows . The shopping spree makes the start of a new school year one of the busiest shopping periods for retailers , second only to the winter holiday season . The most expensive items on the shopping list are electronic gadgets , rapidly becoming essential items for school kids . Almost 60 % of shoppers in the U.S. plan to buy electronic items for their children , while in the UK , 38 % of parents purchase new technology for their kids , according to Bright House retailer . The NRF figures show American parents spend on average $ 211 per child , while uSwitch figures show their British counterparts fork out average $ 215 on each child 's electronics . But school goods do n't have to be high tech to be expensive . Pens , bags , books , lunch boxes and other essentials add up to whopping $ 98 per a child in the U.S. and slightly more modest $ 81 per youngster in the UK . School uniforms and other clothing items add up to $ 224 per child in the U.S. , and $ 142 in the UK . On top of that , shoes cost on average $ 116 in the U.S. and $ 86 in the UK . But parents on both sides of the Atlantic said they are trying to keep their back to school spending in check . In the U.S. , 31 % of families plan to spend less overall and 34 % said they were buying generic products rather than big brands to save money , according to the NRF . READ MORE : Should schools ban homework WATCH MORE : Back to school is big business READ MORE : Pope tells students he was on angel	Kids are going back to school , and it 's an expensive time for parents U.S shoppers spend $ 26.5 billion on school items , while UK parents will spend $ 4 billion Electronic items are among the priciest , and quickly becoming an essential item However , basics are also proving very pricey
CNN  -- "  No poo " sounds like a swimming pool rule , but to some it also means washing hair with baking soda and vinegar instead of shampoo . Tiffany Burke , 31 , says she might try it soon , with a goal of becoming as natural and organic as possible . "  I 'm , like , 60 % there , " she says about her use of organic products . "  I would say I 'm in the middle , because there are still lots of moms who just do n't care . " Burke is pregnant and due in November . But the twins she is carrying are n't her biological or legal children . As a surrogate mother , she 's carrying fetuses formed by her brother 's sperm and her sister-in-law 's egg . CNN 's "  Sanjay Gupta , MD " is profiling the legal and emotional issues surrounding Burke 's surogate pregnancy . Burke 's interest in natural and organic products began when she was expecting her first child and read the best-selling pregnancy book "  What To Expect When You 're Expecting . " Some passages suggest that chemicals and pesticides in our food and cosmetics , although legal , may nonetheless be causing harm . Burke wanted to know more . "  I would just Google and hope for the best . I 'd just keep going and going until I saw enough evidence that to me said , just avoid it . Just do n't put that in your body , " she says . Eight years later , how she chooses what to buy is a far cry from how she was raised , Burke says . When sister-in-law Natalie Lucich had to have her uterus removed because a complication with her last pregnancy led to uncontrolled bleeding , Burke offered to carry her next child . Lucich was overjoyed . Surrogate sisters : The ultimate gift Now , Lucich relies on Burke to make all the right choices for her baby . "  She is organic , and she does know everything that 's going into her body . She reads labels , " says Lucich . "  You never know when you 're hiring some surrogate to do it , what they 're doing to their bodies . " The FDA says common chemicals like BPA , phthalates and pesticides are safe , but research shows they pass from mother to child , and may be neurotoxins in the womb . So Burke is like her own regulatory agency , learning as much as possible about the safety of every product on the shelf . She says she does n't want to take any risks . Artificial food colorings linked to ADHD in children have been banned from Burke 's home . She stores food in glass containers , not plastic . Even though she might experiment with making her own shampoo , she 's passionate about the natural products already on store shelves . Burke brushes with Tom 's of Maine toothpaste , she does laundry with Seventh Generation detergent and she loves "  Organic wear " makeup by Physicians Formula . FDA says it will deny request to ban BPA Ken Cook , president of the Environmental Working Group , says Burke is smart to be proactive . "  We 've come to understand that if you take some reasonable steps you can dramatically reduce your exposure to a lot of different chemicals , " says Cook . "  If you 're going to wait for the government to take action , you could be in store for a lot of exposure . " With the joy of surrogacy comes the burden of responsibility for Burke . If anything goes wrong with her pregnancy , she says she could n't help asking herself , "  What did I do ? " Still , even careful shoppers like Burke get caught off guard . She felt good about buying BPA-free sippy cups for her toddler until she came across an article explaining that manufacturers can replace the BPA in plastic with similar chemicals like Bisphenol-S , and still label their product "  BPA-free " . "  I never knew that . I had no clue . So last week I spent two hours online looking for sippy cups that were not plastic , " says Burke . When asked whether she avoids canned goods because research shows many cans ' interior linings leach BPA into the food inside , Burke says , "  I did n't know that . I 'm super cranky about that . " She immediately sought information online and found the website for Annie 's Homegrown , which makes her favorite soups . She found a statement saying , "  We continue to work diligently with our vendors and supply partners to find a can lining without BPA . We are also exploring other package solutions . " "  Boooo , " Burke says . "  It never crossed my mind . Why would there be BPA in cans ? " To Cook , it 's a familiar story . "  Eating less canned food , which comes as a surprise to a lot of people , is an important first step , " he says . "  People are beginning to understand that the environment is not something that 's just external to us ; it 's not polar bears and wilderness and ice floes in the Arctic or forests . It 's something we metabolize day in and day out . "	Tiffany Burke is carrying twins for her brother and sister-in-law Burke began striving for natural living while pregnant with her first child She 's a careful shopper , but sometimes gets caught off guard
CNN  -- Three men who were convicted of killing three Cub Scouts 16 years ago will have their cases reviewed in a court hearing to see whether they should be granted a new trial , the Arkansas Supreme Court ruled Thursday . Damien Echols , Jason Baldwin and Jessie Misskelley were convicted in the 1993 deaths of 8-year-olds Michael Moore , Christopher Byers and Steven Branch . The boys ' bruised and mutilated bodies were found in May 1993 in West Memphis , Arkansas , their arms and legs hogtied with their own shoelaces . The court Thursday remanded the cases back to the lower court . The ruling means Echols , Baldwin and Misskelley will be able to present new evidence that could exonerate them . Echols ' attorneys said at a hearing in September that they want to present DNA evidence not available at the time of the trial , as well as testimony that supports arguments that Echols and the two others are innocent . "  We are very pleased that the Arkansas Supreme Court ordered a new evidentiary hearing to review the convincing evidence of the innocence of Damien Echols , Jason Baldwin and Jessie Misskelley , " Echols spokesman Lonnie Soury said . "  These young men were convicted of a brutal crime someone else committed , and we hope the state moves quickly to overturn their convictions and seek to prosecute those responsible . " The case , known as the West Memphis 3 , has gained advocates including some of the victims ' parents . Pamela Hobbs , Branch 's mother , said last year that she was once convinced of their guilt but began to consider the DNA evidence and believes the prosecution 's case was flawed . "  We are asking the Arkansas Supreme Court to right a terrible wrong , overturn their convictions and grant Damien as well as Jason Baldwin and Jessie Misskelley a new trial , " said Dennis Riordan , the lead attorney on the case , in September . The Arkansas Supreme Court , in its ruling , said that the circuit court erroneously interpreted the Arkansas DNA testing laws and that the three should have been granted an evidentiary hearing . Testing of the DNA in question was conducted between December 2005 and September 2007 , according to the Arkansas Supreme Court . The material included hair from a ligature used to bind Moore and a hair recovered from a tree stump near where the bodies were found , court documents said . The hair found in the ligature was consistent with Branch 's stepfather , Terry Hobbs , while the hair found on the tree stump was consistent with the DNA of a friend of Hobbs ' , according to the documents . Police have never considered Hobbs a suspect , and Hobbs maintains that he had nothing to do with the murders . Echols received a death sentence for the slayings , while Baldwin and Misskelley were sentenced to life in prison . Now 35 , Echols said in September , "  I miss the things that most people take for granted , things people do n't want , like rain . " Echols wrote in his 2005 autobiography , "  Almost Home , " that police questioned him a day after the bodies of the second-graders were found . The teens -- Echols was 19 at the time , Baldwin was 16 , and Misskelley was 17 -- were arrested a month later . Prosecutors successfully argued that the defendants were involved in a satanic cult and that punctures and cuts on the boys ' bodies indicated a ritual sacrifice . In addition , prosecutors secured a confession from Misskelley , although his defense attorneys argued that he had a learning disability and an IQ of 70 . They also claimed the confession was coerced , with neither Misskelley 's parents nor an attorney present , and riddled with inconsistencies . A Little Rock , Arkansas-based group trying to raise awareness about the West Memphis 3 case has brought in celebrities such as singer Eddie Vedder and actor Johnny Depp to a recent public rally . CNN 's Deb Feyerick , Stephanie Chen and Katherine Wojtecki contributed to this report .	The Arkansas Supreme Court sent the cases back for a hearing The three were convicted of the 1993 murders of three Cub Scouts DNA evidence found at the scene did not belong to the men convicted
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Comedic actor Jeff Garlin 's enthusiasm for a curbside spot led to an arrest in Studio City , California , over the weekend , police say . Garlin -- a regular on HBO 's "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " and frequent guest star on "  Arrested Development " -- allegedly "  became upset " and smashed the windows of another motorist 's car in a dispute over a parking space Saturday afternoon , according to Los Angeles Police Department spokeswoman Lisa Forseberg . Garlin , 51 , was booked on a felony vandalism charge at the LAPD 's Van Nuys jail , but later was released on $ 20,000 bail , according to jail records . Calls and e-mails to the actor 's representatives have not been returned . CNN 's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report .	Jeff Garlin face a felony vandalism charge The actor allegedly smashed the windows of another motorist 's car in a parking space dispute Garlin is a regular on HBO 's "  Curb Your Enthusiasm "
CNN  -- Lou Hablas has supported Livestrong for years and worn the iconic yellow bracelet in honor of his uncle , stepmother and friends who have lost loved ones to cancer . He also has volunteered for the cancer charity as a photographer at sporting events that raise money for Livestrong 's programs . The 49-year-old Georgia resident says he 'll continue to wear the bracelet despite news that embattled cyclist Lance Armstrong is stepping down as chairman of the charity he founded 15 years ago . But the poster of Armstrong leading his Discovery teammates in the team time trial at the 2005 Tour de France is coming down from his office wall amid news that the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency found "  overwhelming " evidence of Armstrong 's involvement in doping as a professional cycler . "  As a human being who has watched too many people suffer the loss of a loved one -- especially children -- I love what Lance created in Livestrong , " Hablas said . "  As a cyclist , I love what Lance accomplished , though like so many others I always suspected that he was guilty of doping . " Like many who admired the accomplished cyclist and cancer research advocate , Hablas is attempting to reconcile images of Armstrong as a fallen hero and a cancer survivor who used his stardom to dramatically change the stigma attached to the disease . "  What Lance initiated through the formation of a foundation in his name and efforts through Livestrong far exceed this formal and seemingly final recognition of Lance 's fallibility , " Hablas said in a CNN iReport . "  Cancer sucks and it is much bigger than Lance Armstrong . " In the wake of news that the allegations cost Armstrong a major endorsement deal and chairmanship of Livestrong , CNN iReport solicited views on Twitter on Armstrong 's conflicting legacy using the hashtag #livestrongthoughts . Also , the International Cycling Union announced Monday that Armstrong is being stripped of his Tour de France titles . "  Casting the doping allegations aside , Lance Armstrong did more good than bad , he changed a generation 's view on cancer , " tweeted Eric Liu , echoing a common sentiment . "  My #livestrongthoughts are it 's not about Lance but about helping cancer patients . Doper or not , cancer patients rely on #livestrong , " user Alex Anderson said . Others , however , who saw Armstrong as a symbol of hope and solidarity were completely devastated by his fall , with some cynically wondering if Livestrong was a front to deflect attention from doping allegations . "  It seemed that only a few years after his early comeback , he reverted into the same crass and cocky fella he was known to be pre-cancer . He lost any humility and never seemed contrite or thankful to be alive anymore , " iReporter Paul Smeulders said . ` It appeared he started using LIVESTRONG as a brand to elevate himself and as a shield to cover or dodge criticism of his unsportsmanlike behavior . " Wendy Adams of Manchester , Pennsylvania , and her sisters have been wearing their yellow bracelets since their father was diagnosed with end stage prostate cancer in 2004 . "  We bought bracelets for more strength , for unity , and suddenly Lance was n't just an athlete any longer , he was hope , " Adams , 51 , said in a CNN iReport . "  We were connected to others who were proudly wearing the same -LSB- bracelet -RSB- yet living this horror of cancer , all of us , together with Lance , a man who went through it , and came out stronger and better . " When her father died in 2005 , the family respected his wish to be cremated wearing the bracelet and spent $ 200 dollars on the bracelets for family and friends to hand out . Now , she says she ca n't wear the bracelet with pride anymore because of its connection to Armstrong and the organization . She has taken it off and vows to never again wear it . "  My heart is broken by this news . I never thought Lance was involved in doping , I thought he was above it , an honest man with integrity and honor , " she said . "  Lance is Livestrong , he is the face of hope . And when that face is that of a liar , a manipulator , for me ? I ca n't wear it with pride anymore . " Still many see the charity as something bigger than Armstrong and plan to continue supporting the charity and wearing the bracelet . Less certain is whether Armstrong will retain his hero status . Sarah Atwell , a 29-year-old breast cancer survivor , said she 'll continue to wear the bracelet because of what it means for those who have been touched by the disease . "  To me , the organization has become more than Lance . It has established itself as a valuable resource for cancer survivors and families and that is more important than these allegations , " Atwell said in an iReport . "  The yellow wrist band that I wear each day reminds me of all that I have been through , the people I have known and lost along the way , and that we have a long way to go in our collective fight against cancer , " she said . "  It represents my friend Adam 's struggle and shows cancer survivors that others are thinking about cancer . " Avid cyclist Eric Hoffman lost his father to bladder cancer in 2001 , two painful months after his diagnosis . "  My father 's death afforded me the opportunity to look at life in a very different way . That day that I saw him close his eyes for the last time , I knew that I did n't want anyone else to have to go through the same experience that he did . " He purchased a Livestrong bracelet as a sign of hope , strength and perseverance against the disease , he said . "  I also use it as a reminder , when I 'm climbing those long lonely steep canyons on the bike , that the pain and suffering that I 'm enduring is pittance and short-lived compared to what others are experiencing in their battle against cancer , " Hoffman , 42 , said in an iReport . When a friend recently asked if he still wears the bracelet , Hoffman told him , "  it 'll come off when there 's a cure for cancer . " "  I still wear the bracelet and always will until this thing is cured . It helps me to maintain focus on what is important . " Carlos Rosado , and iReporter , believes that Armstrong 's controversy has tainted Livestrong 's legacy . Rosado has supported the charity since its inception , but he would like to see its name changed in order to continue his support . He also says that Armstrong should no longer be the face of the charity . "  Seven Tour de France wins is a long time to keep up a lie . He was worshipped and adored by many people , " said Rosado , 42 . "  If you ca n't accomplish the feat without cheating then it is not a feat , " he said . "  It is a lie , and lots of people were looking up to those lies . " "  Like " CNN Living on Facebook Jamescia Thomas contributed to this report .	Doping allegations against Lance Armstrong bring out conflicting views over his legacy Many fans say Livestrong is "  bigger than Armstrong " and will continue wearing the bracelet Others who say he was face of hope for cancer survivors are devastated by allegations "  I ca n't wear it with pride , " says woman whose father was cremated wearing bracelet
Under unprecedented scrutiny over its human rights record , North Korean officials met with a UN human rights investigator this week for the first time in 10 years . Marzuki Darusman , the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in North Korea , said he met "  unexpectedly " with the delegation for about an hour on Monday . North Korean officials proposed the possibility of arranging a visit by human rights officials to the country . He said they also raised concerns about the UN resolution on possible consequences against North Korea . Darusman said the timing of the sudden meeting with the officials was "  notable . " Human rights pressure Murder , torture , slavery , sexual violence , mass starvation -- North Korea 's leaders have been accused of employing all sorts of abuses to prop up the state and exercise control over its citizens . Citing such violations , North Korea 's human rights situation should be referred to the International Criminal Court  ICC  along with the consideration of further sanctions , according to a report Darusman submitted to the UN General Assembly on Tuesday . The EU and Japan have authored a draft resolution calling for similar penalties . Darusman said the UN has to come up with a way to act on the North Korea human rights violations in a coordinated way . His comments come at a time when North Korea has gone on a publicity blitz . Its diplomats have fanned the globe in an attempt to soften its image , with its officials taking questions from journalists , speaking in public and offering talks with South Korea , Japan and the European Union . In what was viewed as a gesture of goodwill , North Korea even released detained American , Jeffrey Fowle last week . But that did n't appear to sway Darusman . "  I welcome these signs of increased engagement by the DPRK with the Human Rights Council and international community , and I hope they will bear fruit , " Darusman said . "  But these must be premised on a more fundamental acknowledgement of the scale of the problems and must not divert from efforts to ensure the accountability of those responsible . " Recent pressures North Korea has made the following overtures this month : -- It is holding talks with Japan 's delegates in Pyongyang regarding Japanese citizens abducted decades ago . Earlier this year , Japan eased several of its sanctions in exchange for information about Japanese citizens who were abducted by North Korea during the Cold War . That report has yet to be issued . -- North Korea had scheduled talks with South Korea for Thursday , but that appears to have been canceled . Pyongyang officials sent a notice saying that the South was n't creating conditions for a better relationship . The Unification Ministry in South Korea said the meeting would be difficult to hold at this point . -- North Korea has also suggested that it would be open to restarting nuclear talks , which would include the United States . It released U.S. citizen , Fowle from detention , although two others remain in North Korea . -- It has extended offers to talk about its human rights to the EU . North Korea 's stance North Korean officials , like Jang Il Hun , its ambassador to the U.N. have defended the country 's human rights . The international community is "  making very great fuss about human rights violations " and discussions persist about "  referral of the international criminal justice mechanism and bringing those responsible at the highest level of the state to justice , " he said in a rare public address last week in New York at the Council on Foreign Relations This year , a scathing U.N. Commission of Inquiry report was published , cataloging North Korea 's abuses that the authors said amounted to crimes against humanity . It recommended prosecuting North Korea 's leaders at the ICC for such crimes including torture , extensive political prison camps and other abuses . ` Abundant evidence ' of crimes against humanity "  We totally and categorically reject the contents of the report . None of such violations exist in my country , and in no way can they exist , also , " Jang said . In order to charge North Korean leaders , the move would have to be approved by the U.N. Security Council . If the matter escalates to that level , statements by Chinese officials indicate that China , a permanent member of the Security Council , is likely to veto the referral . Underlying tensions Critics say North Korea 's overtures are meant to deflect a coordinated international effort against the country . "  They see a steady drumbeat of anger in the international community at North Korea 's human rights abuses and they 're worried it may actually come to fruition in terms of something quite substantial , " said Victor Cha , a former director for Asian Affairs at the White House under former President George W. Bush . The United States military has also viewed North Korean actions with skepticism . "  They 've reached out to other countries , that has been a bit of a change , " said General Curits Scaparrotti , combined forces commander of U.S. forces in South Korea . "  Right underneath that , at the same time , they continue to pace their development of missile systems , their nuclear systems , other asymmetric means and working hard at that . " Prison camp escapee : North Korea wo n't change its repressive ways	UN investigator meets North Korean officials for first time in 10 years Special Rapporteur "  unexpectedly " met with officials for about one hour North Korea has gone on publicity blitz this month , critics say to generate goodwill North Korean diplomat : Human rights in North Korea is fine
Travel + Leisure  -- You 're sitting in a hip Tokyo cafe , having a fish cake and sake . Your server has been especially attentive , so when the check arrives , you think nothing of pulling out some extra yen and leaving a healthy 20 percent tip . But suddenly things go horribly wrong : the server turns wide-eyed , becomes agitated , and walks away . What happened ?! You 'll likely come across more people at a hotel that need to be tipped than anywhere else as you travel . Tipping in Japan and many other Asian countries is simply not a way of life . In fact , it 's usually regarded as a vulgar display of wealth and a disregard for the culture . The same can be true in Europe and Latin America ... though not always . And in the United States , of course , tipping is expected  and sometimes demanded  . With expectations all over the map , it 's not surprising that anxiety and confusion about whom to tip -- and how much -- are commonplace for travelers . So we 've done the legwork for you , talking with concierges , tourist boards , and other travelers to find out the real protocol on when  and when not  to reach into your wallet and how much of a tip you should give to waiters , sky caps , maids , doormen , and cabbies all over the world . Of course , tipping is confusing enough for Americans traveling domestically . The expectation is to tip not only big but also often , from the kid handing you a Venti coffee at Starbucks to the multiple hotel hands that rush to open doors , carry bags , and offer an escort to the hotel room . Go abroad and the situation changes . The legion of skycaps , cab drivers , bellboys , and waiters may perform the same services as their U.S. counterparts , but they often have radically different expectations of a tip . You can credit different customs , as well as a service industry with a different wage scale . In the United States , tips usually abet low wages . In other parts of the world , service employees are often paid a living wage . If you 're taking a taxi in Chile or New Zealand , for example , the driver wo n't give you the evil eye if you do n't tip -- it 's not expected . Read Travel + Leisure 's guide to tipping around the world At a hotel , you 'll encounter more people who potentially need to be tipped than anywhere else during your travels . In fact , there are so many people it can become confusing . If a doorman opens the door of your cab , another takes your bag , and a third delivers it to your room , who gets the tip ? It should be the last person in the chain -- the one who actually brings the bags to your room . And at checkout , only tip the one who loads your bags onto a cart and takes them out of the room . Restaurants can be tricky , too : keep an eye out for the service charge . In many European countries , this charge averages 10 percent , but it 's usually included in the price of a meal . If it is , then do as the European do , and leave a few extra coins or round up the bill -- in cash , even if you 've paid for the meal with a credit card . And if you 're heading to Fiji , Malaysia , or South Korea , be aware that no tip is required in restaurants . Here are some other scenarios : Spa Therapists : Tipping 15 or 20 percent is common practice in the United States but rare at any spa abroad , where a service charge is typically added to the cost of the treatment . Concierges : Situational . If a concierge gets you theater or train tickets , or has been especially helpful during the course of your stay , then a $ 10 or $ 20 tip  in local currency  is in order . Guides : Booking a ski guide to take you off-piste in Switzerland , a golf pro in Scotland , or a fishing guide in Ireland ? All should be compensated in the 10 to 15 percent range , as they would be in the United States . A good tip on tipping ? Get small bills or coins from your hotel 's front desk to make tipping easier . But if you have only large bills , it 's perfectly acceptable to ask a hotel porter or even a skycap for change when you give them a tip . After all , tips are a part of their business . They 're not embarrassed , and you need n't be either . And if you do n't have local currency , U.S. greenbacks can work just as well as a "  thank you " in London , Lombok , or Lahore . E-mail to a friend Planning a beach getaway this summer ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Great American Beaches Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Tipping conventions overseas can be vastly different from those in the United States More people at a hotel will potentially need to be tipped than anywhere else Get small bills or coins from your hotel 's front desk to make tipping easier
Editor 's note : Tony Newman is the director of media relations at the Drug Policy Alliance Network . Tony Newman says cigarettes kill more people than drugs that are illegal . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Cigarettes kill ; 400,000 people die prematurely every year from smoking . When we analyze the harm from drugs , there is no doubt that cigarettes are the worst . They kill more people than cocaine , heroin , methamphetamine and all other illegal drugs combined . More than 800,000 people are arrested every year for marijuana , the vast majority for possession , yet all the data from studies that compare the two substances show that cigarettes are more harmful to an individual 's health . If we make these other drugs illegal , should n't we outlaw the leading killer ? Considering how we deal with less harmful drugs , making cigarettes illegal seems logical . Over the past decade , we have seen , in states from California to New York , increasing restrictions on when and where people can smoke -- and even momentum toward tobacco prohibition . Smoking is banned in bars and restaurants and on some university campuses . People can now be fired from their jobs because they ca n't give up smoking . We have seen parents denied adoption rights if they smoke . In some cities , it is nearly impossible to smoke anywhere besides your own home . The Drug Policy Alliance sponsored a Zogby Poll in 2006 , and we were shocked to find that 45 percent of those polled supported making cigarettes illegal within the next 10 years . Among 18 - to 29-year-olds , it 's more than 50 percent . But with all of the good intentions in the world , outlawing cigarettes would be just as disastrous as the prohibition on other drugs . After all , people would still smoke , just as they still use other drugs that are prohibited , from marijuana to cocaine . But now , in addition to the harm of smoking , we would find a whole range of "  collateral consequences " that come along with prohibition . A huge number of people who smoke would continue to do so , but now they would be considered criminals . We would have parents promising their kids that they will stop smoking but still sneaking a smoke . We would have smokers hiding their habit and smoking in alleys and dark corners , afraid of being caught using the illegal substance . We would have cops using precious time and resources to hassle and arrest cigarette smokers . Our prison overcrowding crisis would rise to an unprecedented level with "  addicts " and casual cigarette smokers alike getting locked up . We would have a black market , with outlaws taking the place of delis and supermarkets and stepping in to meet the demand and provide the desired drug . Instead of buying your cigarettes in a legally sanctioned place , you would have to hit the streets to pick up your fix . The cigarette trade would provide big revenue to "  drug dealers , " just as illegal drugs do today . There would be shootouts in the streets and killings over the right to sell the prohibited tobacco plant . We have tried prohibiting cigarettes in some state prisons , like in California , and we have seen that smoking continues , with cigarettes traded illicitly . There is a violent black market that fills the void and leads to unnecessary deaths over access and the inflated profits . Luckily , no one is proposing making cigarettes illegal . On the contrary , our public health campaign around cigarettes has been a model of success compared with our results with other prohibited drugs . By placing high taxes on cigarettes , restricting locations where one can smoke and banning certain kinds of advertising , we have seen a significant decline in the number of people who smoke . Instead of giving teens "  reefer madness " - style propaganda , we have treated young people with respect and given them honest education about the harm of cigarettes , and we have been rewarded with fewer young people smoking today than ever before . Although we should celebrate our success and continue to encourage people to cut back or give up smoking , let 's not get carried away and think that prohibition would eliminate smoking . We need to realize that drugs , from cigarettes to marijuana to alcohol , will always be consumed , whether they are legal or illegal . Although drugs have health consequences and dangers , making them illegal -- and keeping them illegal -- will only bring additional death and suffering . Do n't just take my word for it . Take it from the news anchor who was called the most trusted man in America , Walter Cronkite . Here is what he said about prohibition and our war on drugs : "  I covered the Vietnam War . I remember the lies that were told , the lives that were lost -- and the shock when , 20 years after the war ended , former Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara admitted he knew it was a mistake all along . ... "  And I can not help but wonder how many more lives , and how much more money , will be wasted before another Robert McNamara admits what is plain for all to see : The war on drugs is a failure . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tony Newman .	Tony Newman : Cigarettes kill 400,000 Americans a year He says the toll is heavier than for drugs like marijuana that are illegal He says anti-smoking campaigns are effective without prohibiting tobacco Newman : War on drugs causes additional death and suffering
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal easily progressed to the third round of the Madrid Open after beating Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko in straight sets 6-2 6-2 on Wednesday . It was the King of Clay 's first work out on Madrid 's controversial new blue clay surface but the world number two had little problem in dispensing with Davydenko in just over 80 minutes . "  I think that I played a really good match , " he told the ATP Tour 's official website after setting up a clash with fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco . "  It was my first match here in these circumstances . I am very happy about my result , about the way that I played . " His affable demeanor contrasted sharply with world number one Novak Djokovic , who had made tough work of beating Spanish qualifier Daniel Gimeno-Traver 6-2 3-6 6-2 on Tuesday . Djokovic had plenty to say about the blue clay after a minor scare on his first competitive outing on the new surface . The world No. 1 thought the players should have been consulted on Madrid 's decision to depart from the traditional red clay and the Serbian cut a frustrated figure on court . "  It 's impossible to move , " he was quoted as telling reporters by AFP . "  I hit maybe five balls , the rest went just trying to put the ball into the court . "  I was relying on serve and getting free points from his unforced errors . That was not tennis , either I need football shoes or some advice on how to play on this court . "  I can not find the words to describe this court . It 's really tough to play like this on a center court . We need serious discussion about the future of this blue clay . "  We can not change anything this year , but my first impressions are not good . I do n't want to be the one complaining , but I say honestly what I feel . " World No. 3 Roger Federer survived a big scare against rising star Milos Raonic in Wednesday 's late match , finally triumphing 4-6 7-5 7-6  7-4  after more than two hours on court . "  I had a tough first set and one bad game that cost me the set really , " said Federer , who won the event on hard court in 2006 and then in its first year on clay in 2009 . "  He could swing big on my service games and I could n't do that much on his , but I was getting more balls back as the match went on . I played a good tie-breaker overall . " Federer , playing his first match in five weeks following a third-round exit in Miami , will next play French 14th seed Richard Gasquet . "  It was pretty much a big struggle for me tonight but the level is pretty good and I 'm happy where I am in the season , " the 16-time grand slam champion said . It was a big disappointment for world No. 23 Raonic , who dominated for large spells of the match with his booming serve and powerful groundstrokes . "  I felt like I was on top throughout the whole match , " Raonic said . "  I will probably be more happy with the whole outcome in a few days but now is not the right time . " In the women 's draw in Madrid , French Open champion Li Na booked her quarterfinal place by beating Angelique Kerber of Germany 7-5 6-4 . Li broke the the German number two on three occasions as she continued her fine form on clay after reaching the quarterfinals of the Stuttgart Open last month . China 's leading player will next face world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka , who beat former top-ranked Ana Ivanovic of Serbia 6-4 6-4 . U.S. Open champion Samantha Stosur of Australian also reached the last eight with a 6-3 6-2 win over Czech Petra Cetkovska . Polish fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska ended the 16-match clay court winning streak of Italy 's Sara Errani in spectacular fashion with a 6-0 6-1 rout in their second-round match .	Rafael Nadal sweeps aside Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko 6-2 6-2 at the Madrid Open Second-ranked Nadal shows no weakness on Madrid 's new blue clay World No. 3 Roger Federer battles past Milos Raonic in his opening match French Open champion Li Na sets up clash with world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka
Washington  CNN  Neera Tanden , one of Hillary Clinton 's longtime confidants and former policy adviser , dropped whatever coyness was left regarding the former secretary of state 's all-but-certain presidential run at an event on Tuesday night . Addressing an audience of about 150 people at an Asian-American and Pacific Islander Ready for Hillary event , Tanden -- president of the Center for American Progress -- said she was looking forward to seeing everyone in Iowa , New Hampshire and Nevada . "  I am really exited for these next two years . With any Clinton adventure , it is a roller coaster . It is going to be very exciting , " Tanden said . "  She is really going to need all of us to step up , step in , be involved , fight for her , be a voice for her . " Tanden closed the speech with a call to action for the crowd by referencing Clinton 's failed 2008 campaign . "  I look forward to seeing you on the campaign trail , in Iowa . I still have PTSD , " she said , referring to the fact that Clinton finished third in the caucus . "  So maybe I will be spending my time in New Hampshire , Nevada . I will say one thing about Hillary , she always remembers , she always remembers her friends , in good times and in bad , so I know it will be an adventure , but I am glad we will all be doing it together . " Tanden , who has worked with Clinton since 1997 , is very close with the former first lady . The two regularly speak and because of their relationship , Tanden has been sheepish in the past to comment on her possible 2016 run . When Clinton ran for Senate in 2000 , Tanden was her deputy campaign manager and issues director and went on to serve as legislative director in Clinton 's Senate office . When Clinton ran for president , Tanden served as policy director and adviser . "  When you are making decisions , whether you are secretary of state , or senator , first lady , or future president , it matters who is at that table , " Tanden said at the event . "  I can tell you , we will be at that table if she is president . " Rachel Rosen , a spokeswoman for the Center for American Progress , said that Tanden was "  kidding about spending time in those states -- she 's not going anywhere . " SEE ALSO : Clinton prepares for 2016 with staff picks , meetings "  Neera was n't saying -LSB- Clinton -RSB- would run , but what it would be like if she did run , " she said . Of course , it is the worst kept secret in Washington that Clinton is running for president . In the past two months , the former first lady has hired a number of top staffers and been meeting with advisers to chat out a strategic course for a presidential run . Tanden has not said whether or not she would leave the think-tank and join the likely Clinton campaign . The Washington Post reported in 2013 that Tanden would not return to a hypothetical campaign . Politico , on the other hand , reported that Tanden was "  likely to play an informal role if she -LSB- Clinton -RSB- runs . " The think-tank president has been equally coy about whether or not Clinton will run at all . "  I honestly believe that whoever runs for president , " Tanden told the Post , "  is going to have to have a vision of how to grow this economy in a way that 's more shared than it has been . " Adam Parkhomenko , founder of Ready for Hillary , reflected on Tanden 's comments to his organization by saying this : "  We are always as ready for Neera as we are for Hillary . "	One of Hillary Clinton 's closest confidants hinted at likely presidential run on Tuesday "  I am really exited for these next two years , " said Neera Tanden , a former Clinton policy adviser . Tanden 's spokeswoman says she was "  kidding "
London , England  CNN  -- The new Italian Serie A season kicks off this weekend -- Fanzone details what to expect from the forthcoming campaign where reigning Italian and European champions Inter Milan will be gunning for their sixth consecutive title : So what 's new ? The cast may have changed but the script is expected to remain the same . Inter Milan may have swapped coach Jose Mourinho for Spain 's Rafa Benitez but the club is still expected to win its sixth straight title . Inter 's 3-1 win over nearest rivals Roma in the Super Cup only served to underline the club 's superiority over its Serie A rivals . The season 's curtain raiser is usually played between the Serie A and Italian Cup winners but with Inter winning both , Roma took part simply because they were runners-up in both competitions . The fact that Ranieri 's charges were dispatched again meant that Nerazzurri picked up their fourth trophy of 2010 . Number five could well be a formality . It 's been a relatively quiet close season for the Serie A and European Champions League holders with the $ 35 million sale of Mario Balotelli to Manchester City being the biggest news . Replacing him , however , is the exciting 18-year-old attacker Brazilian Philippe Coutinho who Inter bought in 2008 and have had parked at Vasco de Gama ever since . If Inter do find themselves short of a striker , Benitez will have to resist casting envious glances at rivals Roma who have secured the signature of old boy Adriano to replace the Genoa bound Luca Toni . Known as "  The Emperor " during his pomp , the Brazilian scored 48 goals in 123 games for Inter and has been brought in by Claudio Ranieri to play in an attacking trident with Francesco Totti and Mirko Vucinic . In a bid to revive their fortunes , the two other giants of Italian football AC Milan and Juventus have installed new coaches . Il Rossoneri may have been placed third last year but 10 points behind second-placed Roma was nothing to crow about . Leonardo has since been ejected in favor of Massimiliano Allegri . Allegri has won coach of the year for the last two terms -- a magnificent achievement considering he has been at the helm of lowly Cagliari . In a further bid to revive their fortunes , the club are looking to bring in former Inter striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic from Barcelona . Meanwhile , seventh placed Juventus have drafted in Luigi Delneri who is fresh from securing a spot in the Champions League qualifiers with Sampdoria . The Old Lady has also boosted its chances by signing attacking midfielder Alberto Aquilani from Liverpool and Milos Krasic of CSKA Moscow . Of the new boys , Lecce are the only club with any real top-flight experience having bounced between Serie A and B for the last 25 years . Promoted as champions they are expected to stand a better chance of retaining their place among Italy 's elite than Cesena and Brescia who achieved promotion by finishing second and via the playoffs respectively . Key players : There are few players who enjoyed a better time last year than Inter Milan 's Dutch playmaker Wesley Sneijder . The 15 million euro signing from Real Madrid won the Champions League and domestic double with Inter last season and was awarded the silver ball and bronze shoe in South Africa where Holland came runners up at the World Cup finals . As long as fatigue does n't get the better of him , the 26-year-old should continue to dominate Serie A. Milan 's young Brazilian Pato showed flashes of brilliance last season including a brace against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu but a succession of injuries meant it was n't to be his season . This year the 2009 Serie A Young Footballer of the Year will be looking to improve on last term 's 14 goal haul . If the 20-year-old star , nicknamed the Duck , can stay fit , then he and fellow Brazilian Ronaldinho could fire Milan back into contention for the title in 2011 . October will mark the anticipated return of one of Serie A 's most talented players . Banned for nine months following a failed doping test after a match against Bari in 2009 , Adrian Mutu will resume the striking career that has seen him score an impressive 100 goals in 221 matches for Fiorentina . Should the troubled Romanian be able to pick up where he left off then La Viola have every chance of finishing in the top four . Key clubs : Once again , the title will be Inter 's to lose . The strength of their squad and experience of their new boss Benitez will make it extremely difficult for the likes of Roma and Milan -- their only genuine rivals for the championship . Having slipped to seventh place last season , Juventus will be desperate to secure a top four spot and Champions League football again . The likes of Sampdoria , Palermo and Napoli who did so well to secure fourth , fifth and sixth place respectively last term will need to keep hold of their best players during the last days of the transfer window if they stand a chance of repeating their success . Expert 's view : Gazzetta dello Sport 's Tancredi Palmeri - "  After a clean sweep of trophies in 2010 , what can Inter do for an encore ? In recent seasons , the Nerazzurri have changed the game of prediction : it was just impossible to see past them retaining their title . Not much has changed either . "  However , there are a couple of shadows over the San Siro . The first is the exit of the Jose the "  Special One " and the arrival of Rafa Benitez . The Spaniard will hear whispers of "  would Mourinho have done this ? " follow every decision or substitution he makes . "  The second shadow is the possible return of the long-haired Swede , Zlatan Ibrahimovic . At the moment is not known if he will end up at AC Milan -- Inter 's bitter , city rivals -- but the forecast for the coming season is clear : without Ibra playing alongside Pato and Ronaldinho , Inter are odds-on to set the new Italian record by winning their sixth title in a row . "  As for the others , Juventus have been building a completely new squad . La Vecchia Signora have imported a sports director and coach from Sampdoria and changed much of their playing staff . "  Cannavaro , Poulsen and Diego have left ; Aquilani , Krasic , Quagliarella have moved in . The transfers lack big-name muscle but the Bianconeri are working for the future . This season they will be satisfied with Champions League qualification . "  Roma are still too dependant on Totti 's performances . The old Capitano is still good for 15 goals a season , but injuries are hampering his potency . Adriano will also take a long time to settle and find his way through Italian defenses . "  Genoa had an impressive close season , signing Toni , Rafinha and the Portugal goalkeeper Eduardo . They could be the surprise of the season with their entertaining football  the coach Gasperini has been renamed "  Gasperson " in honor of his shared love of attacking tactics with Alex Ferguson  . "  Finally , Napoli and Palermo have exciting line-ups but a shortage of replacements on the bench , and with the rough-and-tumble of the Italian league this weakness will be exposed . "  My final Serie A prediction in order of their final positions : Inter , AC Milan  without Ibra  , Juventus and Roma in Champions League . Top scorers : Samuel Eto'o  he should play as pure forward this season  or Giampaolo Pazzini  the Sampdoria number 9 who is due an international call up  . "	New Inter boss Benitez under pressure to win clubs fifth straight title . Ailing clubs Milan and Juventus hire new managers . Former Inter star Adriano signs for title rivals Roma .
CNN  -- A tank storing radioactive waste at the Hanford Nuclear Reservation in southeast Washington is leaking liquids to the tune of 150 to 300 gallons per year , the governor said Friday . "  This is an extremely toxic substance , and we have to have a zero-tolerance policy for leaks of radioactive material into the ground and potentially groundwater of the state of Washington , " Gov. Jay Inslee said . He stressed that the leak poses no immediate public heath risk but said that fact should not be an excuse for complacence . "  At the same time that I am making clear that this is a long-term , very significant concern of the state of Washington ; it is not a short-term concern , " he said . Hard lessons for U.S. nuclear safety from Fukushima meltdown "  We have been assured by people that I do trust that this poses no immediate threat to ... health . It would be quite some time before these leaks could breach groundwater or the Columbia River . " The governor said he would be traveling next week to Washington to meet with outgoing Energy Secretary Steven Chu , who called Inslee on Friday morning with news of a leaking single-shell tank . The tank was built in the 1940s and holds roughly 447,000 gallons of sludge , according to the governor 's office . The Hanford site houses 177 tanks , 149 of which are single-shell tanks . The leaking tank is believed to be the first to lose liquids since 2005 . The Hanford site is a 586-square-mile area that once played a major part in U.S. plutonium production . The site is now home to one of the largest nuclear cleanup efforts in the world . Panel : Search for nuclear waste dump could last up to 20 years	Leak is in the range of 150 to 300 gallons per year It poses no immediate risk to public health , says the state governor Hanford site once played a major part in U.S. plutonium production
PARIS , France  CNN  -- When he was just 28 Mathieu Kassovitz won the Best Director award at the Cannes film festival for his controversial movie "  La Haine " . Kassovitz says the best way to see the city is on the back of a motor scooter . Since then he has melted hearts playing Nino in "  Amélie " and has made his mark in Hollywood as an actor and a director , starring in Steven Spielberg 's "  Munich " and directing psychological horror "  Gothika " . My City , My Life spoke to Kassovitz about movie-making , creativity and life in Paris . CNN : How does it feel to be part of Paris film history and growing up in the birthplace of modern cinema ? Mathieu Kassovitz : It 's very inspirational to have seen all these movies that made French movie history and film history , period , and being able to go to the same places and see where all these pre-war movies were made . Paris is still the same as it was , so the spirit is the same also and it 's kind of elevating for us directors to be in a town with a city soul , a lot of soul . So it gives you a lot of opportunities and ways of not just showing a city , but the spirit of that city ; so that 's what we keep on doing today . CNN : What do you think it is about Paris that encourages creativity in people ? Mathieu Kassovitz : Buildings are , of course , amazing and locations are so cinematic that it 's a pleasure for a director to shoot in a town like that . But especially the spirit of it , and the spirit of the Parisians , the way the city coexists with everybody and that mixture of different people and of different backgrounds . All that makes Paris inspirational for us . CNN : What was it that made you decide to become a film-maker ? Mathieu Kassovitz : Becoming a film-maker was , I think , a decision that I took while watching movies . It 's just a way to express myself and a way to just try to bring to people when I walk around a city , when I see something . I became a director because I am urban : I live in a very urban and fast city . You go from place to place and you never stay in one place and that 's what gives you the energy . And it 's so cinematic , you ca n't avoid it . CNN : Are Parisians the most stylish people in the world and are the men really the most romantic ? Mathieu Kassovitz : I think that men are not romantic anywhere in the world and Paris wo n't make it change . Stylistically talking , I think Parisians have a pretty good sense of taste and they know how to handle themselves . And I think French people , the Parisians especially , are kind of classy . CNN : Your characters are always telling interesting anecdotes and little stories . Where does that come from ? Mathieu Kassovitz : All those anecdotes are really part of what we are in France . We like to talk a lot , we like to scrutinize everything and just not let it go that fast . So we question everything , everything we do , everything that we see , and that 's part of our culture . CNN : You 're pretty big time now , why are you still here and not living in the Hollywood Hills ? Mathieu Kassovitz : Why am I still here ? Because this is the most beautiful city in the world ! I would n't live in L.A. for any money in the world ; it 's no relationship , no comparison . Paris is a city with soul , it 's a city with a past . You can feel it everywhere and I 'm a part of it , I ca n't avoid it . CNN : Are they any places you 'd go to relax or just reflect on what you are doing ? Mathieu Kassovitz : No , in the city here , no , no , no . You know , my take on the city is that there is no specific place : the whole thing is crazy , the whole thing is inspirational . I do n't go to places , I just drive around and I see things . I look at people more than the buildings -- and that 's what makes stories . CNN : What is it that makes it stay the same , what 's it 's heartbeat that makes Paris ? Mathieu Kassovitz : The heartbeat is Parisians . Parisians are obnoxious and impolite and everything you can imagine about them . But they are also very co-operative within themselves and are pretty open to everything else . CNN : Do you think that there 's one place in Paris that stands out amongst the others ? Mathieu Kassovitz : I think what I like about Paris are unknown and unnamed little streets that are not on the map , and the history that goes with it . CNN : Do you think that you truly have to be part of a city , to share a history with it , to truly represent it as a director ? Mathieu Kassovitz : You have to know what you are talking about . It 's interesting to go to a city that you do n't know about and try to represent it but I do n't think that you 'll be able to bring the soul of the city in the movie . It takes a lot of time for me to get to another city -- anywhere in the world -- and like it , because I like this one so much and I know it so much that this is home . Anywhere else is not home . CNN : If Paris was a person , how would you describe it to friends ? Mathieu Kassovitz : A good-looking girl with a big mouth -- very loud !	Mathieu Kassovitz was just 28 when he won Best Director at Cannes for "  La Haine " Success in Hollywood has taken him to L.A. but he prefers to live in Paris He says Paris is inspirational for a director because of its place in film history If Paris was a person , he says it would be "  a good-looking girl with a big mouth "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Do n't let Jack Johnson fool you . Jack Johnson makes sure his business and his concert venues are environmentally friendly . Tabbed as a "  mellow rocker " by perhaps one too many publications , the chart-topping singer-songwriter has a fire within that belies his laid-back manner -- a fire that extends to his company , Brushfire Records , and his environmental activism . Johnson started the record label in 2002 "  as a way to put out soundtracks for surf movies we were making , " he says . "  Then our friends G. Love and Special Sauce were coming to the end of their record deal with another label , and the idea came up to put out their stuff . " The Hawaii-based artist -- whose latest album "  Sleep Through the Static " hit No. 1 in the U.S. and sold over 2 million albums worldwide -- has continued to assemble talent . The label 's roster now includes indie-rockers Rogue Wave , folk-pop musician Mason Jennings and keyboardist Money Mark . Johnson says the record label is not driven by dollar signs . "  We never try to talk anybody into joining the label , but we just offer a lot of creative control over all their music and a fairer deal than with most other labels , " he explains . Watch Johnson , Zach Gill and Money Mark perform "  Hope " " Rogue Wave frontman Zach Schwartz is one of the converts . "  The music business is traditionally pretty cutthroat , nasty and evil , but -LSB- with Brushfire -RSB- , it is not that way , " he tells CNN . "  You can make the music you want to make . " Still , even in these major-label-dominated times , artist-friendly labels are n't unusual ; Dave Matthews has also attracted talent with his ATO Records . It 's in making Brushfire a model of green business that Johnson and his colleagues have stood out . As keen environmentalists , Johnson and his team have required Brushfire and its distributors to engage in earth-friendly implementations that have influenced others in the record business . "  The music is one thing , but there is this business side , " says Zach Gill , a Brushfire solo artist and member of Johnson 's touring band . "  I think more and more businesses are saying , ` Yeah , we want to be responsible . Responsible to our employees . Responsible for the waste our company generates . ' We 're starting to see that a lot in all kinds of businesses , not just in music , " he says . Watch Gill and Johnson perform "  Family " " Entertainment industry giant Universal Music Group -- the largest family of record labels in the recording industry -- has taken notice . Under Brushfire 's direction , UMG uses recycled stock on all of the packaging for its releases , including movies , ensuring that the paper is as environmentally friendly as possible . Some is even made using wind power . Moreover , Brushfire 's artists have exerted their eco-influence on venues and promoters for concert tours worldwide . The tour rider , a checklist of artists ' requirements at each venue , usually consists of specific brands of beer or  in one case involving Jennifer Lopez  the way the coffee is stirred . Brushfire uses an EnviroRider , a handbook of eco-friendly options and actions for various components of concert tour production . "  It gets augmented every year . What started out as suggestions are now becoming requirements -LSB- for us to play at a venue -RSB- , " says Johnson . Johnson and his management also created All At Once , a social action network that provides tools and information to people who want to become more involved in their community and worldwide . Visitors to the All At Once area at tour venues will be rewarded with exclusive music downloads by their favorite Brushfire artists . Johnson 's charity , Ohana Charitable Foundation , will match any donation  up to $ 2,500  to nonprofits made by fans at the shows or online . "  We shrink our carbon footprint always , but we have all these nonprofit groups that we all work with , " says Johnson . "  Money from the shows goes to these groups and helps bolster their memberships so that after we leave the town , these groups can continue to do good things . So more than just lessening our negative -LSB- environmental -RSB- impact , it 's actually leaving a positive impact -LSB- wherever we tour -RSB- , " says Johnson . Additional actions taken by Brushfire tours will include fueling tour vehicles with sustainable biodiesel , offering eco-friendly merchandise , working with venues to create waste management programs , onsite recycling and encouraging fans to use alternative transportation . Back at home , Brushfire has adopted a similar strategy . All the power for the recording studios and the offices is generated by solar panels . Insulation is supplied by cotton from scraps of blue jeans . Energy-efficient lighting runs throughout the building . Second-hand furniture is all you will find in its offices . The mission resonates with the other artists on the label 's roster . "  For me , it 's so great to be a part of the label because so many people provide information about what we can do to make it better -- touring more efficiently , biodiesel -- stuff like that , " says Jennings . "  I 'm learning a ton being around those guys . " At bottom , the atmosphere of collaboration and common purpose is rooted in the shared love of music , says Gill . "  Music is the great synchronizer . They 've become quite a wonderful community to be a part of . I feel grateful to Jack for having the idea to bring together all these like-minded people to make music together , " he says . Johnson agrees . "  It 's everything . It is the whole reason to play music . I learn so much from playing with these other musicians , " he says .	Jack Johnson has artist-friendly record label , Brushfire Records Johnson also puts green interests at forefront Singer-songwriter 's new album is "  Sleep Through the Static "
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy shook up the country 's powerful military leadership Sunday , replacing top generals and reasserting power the military claimed for itself before he took office . Field Marshal Mohammed Hussein Tantawi , the defense minister who took power after the 2011 ouster of longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak , was given a top medal and "  sent to retirement , " Morsy spokesman Yasser Ali announced Sunday evening on state-run Nile Television . So was Lt. Gen. Sami Anan , the chief of staff of the armed forces . Both men were named as advisers to Morsy , the country 's first freely elected president , but no details of the new posts were announced . The commanders of Egypt 's navy , air force and air defense force were sent into retirement as well , Ali said . Speaking Sunday night at Al-Azhar University in Cairo , Morsy addressed the shakeup , saying it was meant to move the nation forward . "  The decisions that were made today were not directed at certain people , and I did n't mean to embarrass institutions . My goal is not to narrow down the freedom of those who were created free by God , " the president said . Addressing his comments to members of the armed forces , Morsy added : "  I only want the best for them . I want for them to focus on a mission that is holy for all of us , which is protecting the homeland . " The announcement comes a little over a month after the president and the generals butted heads over Morsy 's attempt to recall the country 's disbanded parliament . Analysts called the moves a sign of a major shift in the balance of power between civilian leaders and the military , the backbone of the modern Egyptian state . "  This is the first time in Egypt 's political history that an elected civilian politician overrules the decisions of the heads of the military establishment , " said Omar Ashour , a visiting scholar at the Brookings Institution 's Doha Center . Source : Egyptian forces raid Sinai militants Prime Minister Hesham Kandil said Morsy "  adheres to the legal procedures and the constitution in his decision . " Morsy "  recognizes Field Marshal Tantawi 's hard work in the transitional phase and his efforts in leading Egypt to safety during the revolution , " but "  His expertise will be of higher value as an adviser to the president . " Morsy promoted Maj. Gen. Abdul Fatah Khalil al-Sisi , the head of military intelligence , to defense minister and head of Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , with the rank of field marshal , Nile TV said . He also named Mahmoud Mekki as his vice president , and he reversed a June constitutional decree by the Supreme Council that claimed to retain legislative authority until a new parliament could be sworn in near the end of the year , Ali said . Egyptian president visits troubled border area Morsy 's Freedom and Justice party , the political wing of the long-suppressed Muslim Brotherhood , called for supporters to rally in support of the moves Sunday night in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the epicenter of the revolt against Mubarak . The steps announced Sunday come as Egyptian forces are battling militants in the Sinai Peninsula blamed for an attack that killed more than a dozen troops at a border post last week . They follow an abortive July attempt by Morsy to recall the parliament that the generals ordered dissolved in late June , a challenge to military authority that was halted by Egypt 's highest court . Morsy assumed office June 30 and moved quickly to assert his authority , attempting to call back into session lawmakers whose elections had been thrown out by a June decision from Egypt 's Constitutional Court . Egypt launches airstrikes in Sinai after troop massacre In the aftermath of the court decision , the generals announced they would retain the power to make laws and budget decisions until a new parliament was elected under a new constitution . Under the military council 's decree , Egypt 's new constitution must be drawn up within three months . Morsy 's bid faltered when the Constitutional Court declared that its ruling was final . Rabab Elmahdi , a professor of political science at American University in Cairo , said Morsy was pushed into Sunday 's shakeup by resistance "  from the military establishment , from the old regime . " Egypt 's president condemns deadly attack in Sinai "  I think what we 're seeing is a changing balance of power on the ground , " Elmahdi said . "  The legitimacy of the first elected president in Egyptian history is something we can not take lightly , and I think Morsy was sort of forced to make use of this kind of legitimacy . " Meanwhile , the military establishment , which has dominated the Egyptian state since 1952 , does n't want to rule directly , she said . "  They have much more complicated interests -- economic interests and political interests to keep the institution intact , " Elmahdi said . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Yousuf Basil and Hamdi Alkhshali and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : President says he wants military to focus on protecting the homeland Tantawi 's ` expertise will be of higher value ' as a presidential adviser , PM says Morsy has replaced the defense minister who took over for Mubarak , his spokesman says He also reversed a military decree claiming legislative power for the generals
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Former porn star Jenna Jameson said she wants to get back with Tito Ortiz four days after things got "  tragically out of hand " and he was arrested on a domestic violence charge . But the couple 's reconciliation "  is irrelevant " to the prosecution of Ortiz since it is the state of California , not Jameson , who filed the charge against the mixed martial artist , a police spokesman said . A restraining order prevents Ortiz and Jameson from reuniting immediately . Ortiz , 35 , was arrested at his Huntington Beach , California , home Monday morning when Jameson 's father called police as the couple argued . "  By calling the police , my father was trying to defuse a private issue between two people , " Jameson said in a written statement Friday . Ortiz and his lawyer told reporters later Monday that he was upset because he thought Jameson had relapsed in her rehabilitation from a prescription drug addiction . Jameson , 36 , was captured by cameras alternately saying Ortiz was "  the sweetest , most amazing man " and later saying that he had beaten her . "  Unfortunately , what actually happened has now been dramatically distorted and misinterpreted and remarks that both Tito and I made after the police arrived reflect the state of shock that we were both in , " Jameson said Friday . Now , she says she wants him back in her life . "  He 's a fantastic father and I 'm confident we can work through this challenge , " she said . While Ortiz and his lawyer did not immediately respond to calls for comment , the former Ultimate Fighting champ made it clear Monday night that he wanted her back . Tears rolled down his cheeks as Ortiz listened to his lawyer talk to reporters . "  They have two children together , " attorney Chip Matthews said . "  They have planned on spending their lives together and they want nothing more than to work together . "	She says things got "  tragically out of hand " before Ortiz was charged with domestic violence Restraining order prevents Ortiz and Jameson from reuniting immediately Ortiz says problems began because he thought Jameson had relapsed with drugs
London , England  CNN  -- An employee at London 's Heathrow Airport has been given a police warning after allegedly making a lewd remark about a female colleague as she stood in a full body scanner by mistake . The woman reported the incident to airport bosses and to police , according to the UK 's Press Association . "  Police received an allegation regarding an incident that happened at Heathrow Terminal 5 on March 10 , " a Metropolitan Police spokesman told PA. "  A first instance harassment warning has been issued to a 25-year-old male . " A spokeswoman for BAA , which runs the airport , said that the allegations were being investigated and that "  appropriate action " would be taken if the claims were substantiated . "  We treat any allegations of inappropriate behavior or misuse of security equipment very seriously and these claims are investigated thoroughly , " she told PA. . Heathrow and other British airports introduced full body scanners earlier this year as part of tougher security measures introduced following an attempt to blow up a Detroit-bound airliner from Amsterdam on December 25 last year . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said that scanners were necessary to combat "  a new type of threat . " But critics say the scanners breach people 's privacy rights . "  This incident highlights the risks to privacy and respect for human dignity that are posed by the use of full body scanners , " said Susie Uppal of the UK 's Equality and Human Rights Commission . "  The Government needs to take urgent and decisive action to ensure that incidents of this kind are not repeated . There needs to be a lawful system of training and conduct that is applied consistently across all airports , rather than the current haphazard and rushed approach which is already showing its flaws . " Matthew Knowles of the aerospace trade organization ADS told PA body scanners were vital tools to protect travelers from possible terror attack and said safeguards had been put in place to protect passengers ' privacy . "  The development and deployment of this technology by industry and the authorities have been carried out with safeguards in place to prevent such alleged abuses happening when in use with passengers at airports . "  For example , in actual use the person operating the scanner is in a separate location to the passengers to prevent any such situation occurring . " In a report issued Wednesday British lawmakers said that privacy concerns regarding body scanners had been "  overstated . " "  Air passengers already tolerate a large invasion of their privacy and we do not feel that full body scanners add greatly to this situation . Privacy concerns should not prevent the deployment of scanners , " said the House of Commons ' Home Affairs Committee .	Employee made lewd remark about female colleague in body scanner Critics of full body scanners say they are an abuse of privacy rights Police issued harassment warning over incident at Heathrow Airport Scanners introduced in aftermath of Dec. 25 attempt to blow up airliner
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lenny Dykstra , a three-time major league All-Star outfielder who played for the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies , was charged Monday with multiple counts of allegedly leasing cars using phony businesses and credit information , and with drug possession , the Los Angeles District Attorney 's office announced . At a court hearing Monday , Dykstra was taken into custody and jailed , with bail set at $ 500,000 . According to the complaint , Dykstra , 48 , and two co-defendants -- Robert Hymers , 27 , his accountant and friend ; and Christopher Gavanis , 30 , a friend -- are accused of trying to lease various luxury vehicles from several dealerships by providing fraudulent information and claiming credit through a phony business called Home Free Systems . None of the defendants could be reached for comment Monday , and it could not be determined whether they had retained attorneys . Dykstra 's attorney in a pending federal case told CNN he no longer represents Dykstra , and representatives at the public defenders ' office told CNN none of the three defendants had retailed public defenders . At two dealerships , Dykstra and Hymers allegedly provided information from a man they claimed was a co-signer but who had not authorized his name to be used , the complaint alleges . Leases were not approved at two dealerships and all three men allegedly drove off with three cars at one company without lease approval , said Deputy District Attorney Alex Karkanen , with the office 's Auto Insurance Fraud Division . When Dykstra was first arrested in April , Los Angeles police detectives investigating the case executed a search warrant at his Encino home and allegedly found cocaine and Ecstasy along with Somatropin , a synthetic human growth hormone . Dykstra was charged Monday with five counts of attempted grand theft auto , eight counts of filing false financial statements , four counts of identity theft , three counts of grand theft auto and three counts of possession of a controlled substance . All are felonies . In addition , he is charged with one misdemeanor count each of possession of a controlled substance without a prescription and unauthorized possession of a syringe . If convicted , Dykstra could face up to 12 years in state prison . In a separate case , Dykstra was indicted in May on federal bankruptcy fraud charges including obstruction of justice , for allegedly taking more than $ 400,000 in property that should have gone to his creditors , then lying about it under oath , prosecutors claim . In the federal indictment , Dykstra is accused of stealing , hiding and destroying items such as chandeliers , artwork , and sports memorabilia from his repossessed $ 18 million Ventura County mansion . His attorney , Mark Worksman has characterized the federal case as "  a scorched-earth bankruptcy proceeding " and blamed the auto-related accusations as a "  vendetta " by former caretakers . Dykstra had remained free on $ 150,000 bond in the federal case .	NEW : Lenny Dykstra is jailed with bail set at $ 500,000 Dykstra played for the New York Mets and the Philadelphia Phillies He and two co-defendants were charged Monday by the Los Angeles District Attorney Charges include allegedly leasing cars using phony information
Editor 's note : Col. Ann Wright , who served for 29 years in the U.S. Army and Army Reserves , was one of the first State Department officers to open the U.S. Embassy in Kabul in 2001 . She resigned from the State Department in protest the day the Iraq War began . She had served as a diplomat for 16 years and received the State Department 's Award for Heroism . Paul Kawika Martin is Peace Action 's political director and the founder of the Afghanistan Policy Working Group . President Obama just announced he plans to send 30,000 more troops into Afghanistan , where hatred of the U.S. grows every day . Next door , nuclear-armed Pakistan tilts toward disaster . It 's time for Americans to insist on a nonmilitary way out of this mess . We recently returned from a CodePink study trip to Afghanistan , and our expertise and experience points to a strategy of transitioning from military to political and economic solutions that will help Afghans while making Americans safer . The first step in providing Afghans security and weakening the Taliban and violent extremists is to remove recruiting incentives . It 's time to stop air and Predator drone strikes that tend to kill , injure and terrorize civilians . It 's time to stop arbitrary detentions and harsh treatment of prisoners that would be unacceptable here . While those in major cities live in relative security , rural Afghans fear violence from insurgents or U.S. and NATO forces . Many fear civil war or the return of the Taliban . Afghanistan requires more trusted Afghan police and security forces . These forces are paid only $ 110 dollars a month -- not a living wage -- and payments are regularly late . Little wonder these forces are corrupt , poorly motivated and have a high rate of desertion . The Taliban pays its foot soldiers far better . Investing in a living wage and pressuring Hamid Karzai 's government to punish corruption swiftly will pay more security dividends than the $ 1 million a year it costs to send one U.S. soldier . There is no reason to believe the U.S. military is in the best position to train Afghans , given huge cultural differences and past abuses by U.S. forces . The United Nations is expert in training security forces in ways that are culturally sensitive . The U.S. should ask  and help fund  the U.N. to take over the training of Afghan troops and police , with a focus on training Afghan trainers . With Afghan unemployment above 40 percent , job creation is critical to security . Vocational training , infrastructure construction and assistance to farmers will help . We can pay for this economic development by spending current funds more wisely . A criminally small amount of the international aid and development money spent over the last eight years has trickled down to Afghans . Instead , foreign contractors , subcontractors and importers have profited from Afghan misery . USAID 's new mantra of "  Afghans first " is a start , as long as actions match the rhetoric . One successful program that deserves full funding is the National Solidarity Project , an Afghan-run community development program administered by the well-regarded Ministry of Rural Rehabilitation and Development . Obama , NATO commander Gen. Stanley McChrystal and U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki Moon should all mandate that where possible , Afghans -- including their businesses , NGOs and products -- should implement and directly benefit from aid projects . Obama did n't mention Afghan women in his speech . Funding women-led NGOs , women 's education and job training and hiring women can help raise their status . Outside the capital , not much has changed for Afghan women . Because of cultural traditions , many rural women stay home for lack of security or because of their husbands ' demands . The U.S. could transition resources to the Afghan justice system to properly enforce laws about rape and domestic violence , and ensure that girls younger than 16 are not forced to marry . The president rightly mentioned the importance of the Pakistan border . More resources must be transferred to securing the Pakistan-Afghanistan border . This is easier said than done , as U.S. border guards know from their own difficulties of securing the Mexican border . Nonetheless , the international community can increase political pressure on Pakistan to strengthen their border patrols and rid their country of violent extremists such as al Qaeda . Despite assurances by the president , more troops will not provide more security to Afghans . The mere presence of foreign forces and some of their actions have created more Taliban recruits and violent extremists . Instead of starting to bring troops home in 18 months , U.S. and NATO forces must tell internal and regional stakeholders -- publicly or privately -- that there will be a range of time , say 12 to 24 months , when their military presence will cease . Then , they must apply significant pressure and concrete support for a public , comprehensive peace process . This process must include all interested parties , including the Karzai administration , tribal leaders , the Taliban , women leaders , as well as neighboring Iran , Pakistan and India . The U.S. mission in Afghanistan can then focus on rebuilding the country the U.S. partly destroyed eight years ago  through air strikes and funding warlords in the Northern Alliance  , lifting Afghans out of poverty and making the country less of a haven or recruiting center for extremists . It 's time for a transition from military investments to an economic and civic strategy that supports reconciling and reintegrating Taliban fighters , reducing poverty and rebuilding infrastructure . Obama outlined escalation rather than the needed transition . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ann Wright and Paul Kawika Martin .	U.S. , NATO need to stop giving Taliban reasons to recruit supporters , authors say Wright and Martin say economic aid and negotiations can succeed instead of troops Allies should plan to withdraw troops but put pressure on for negotiations , they say
CNN  -- A Sri Lankan journalist who was fatally shot last year has been recognized by the International Press Institute as a hero for freedom of the press , the group announced Thursday . The institute said it is naming Lasantha Wickrematunge , who was editor of Sri Lankan newspaper The Sunday Leader , as an IPI World Press Freedom Hero . Wickrematunge , a fierce critic of the Sri Lankan government and the Tamil Tiger militants , was shot dead near Colombo on January 8 , 2009 . More than a year later , the killing has not been solved , IPI said . "  The murder of Wickrematunge was a shocking reminder of the dangers facing Sri Lanka 's courageous journalists , for whom death is all too often the ultimate form of censorship , " IPI Director David Dadge said in a written statement . "  By naming him an IPI World Press Freedom Hero , IPI honors his memory and his sacrifice , and sends the strongest message possible to the Sri Lankan government that the international community will not forget his murder and that the perpetrators must be found and punished . " Three days after his death , The Sunday Leader published a column in which Wickrematunge had predicted his own death . The column anticipated his killing by government forces and defended the craft of journalism in his country , which is enduring a bitter civil war . Wickrematunge wrote that he was twice assaulted and his house was fired upon . "  Despite the government 's sanctimonious assurances , there was never a serious police inquiry into the perpetrators of these attacks , and the attackers were never apprehended , " he wrote in the column . "  In all of these cases , I have reason to believe the attacks were inspired by the government . When finally I am killed , it will be the government that kills me . " Asked last year about threats to journalists , Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa voiced assurance that no journalist or media institution had cause to fear any threats or attacks by the government , according to a statement on the government 's official Web site . "  The government had no interest whatever in seeking disgrace through any attacks on the media , " he said , and he assured media leaders that the culprits would be captured and brought to justice , the statement said . Wickrematunge 's brother , Lal Wickrematunge -- chairman of Leader Publications Ltd. , which includes The Sunday Leader -- told IPI that the slain editor had known he was in danger . "  But he continued in his journey unbowed and unafraid . He felt total commitment to his work , " Lal Wickrematunge said . Lasantha Wickrematunge 's killing spurred a demonstration in Colombo by 4,000 people , which Reporters Without Borders said was the largest since Rajapaksa took power in 2005 . He was re-elected to a second term last month . Sinhalese-dominated government forces have been working to eradicate the last vestiges of Tamil Tiger separatists in Jaffna peninsula , a rebel-held northern region . The 25-year-old civil war has left more than 65,000 people dead . According to IPI figures , 17 journalists have been killed in Sri Lanka over the past decade . Two of them were killed in 2009 . Wickrematunge will be among 60 World Press Freedom Heroes honored in a ceremony in September , IPI said .	Lasantha Wickrematunge was editor of Sri Lankan paper The Sunday Leader Wickrematunge was shot dead near Colombo on January 8 , 2009 He was a fierce critic of Sri Lankan government and Tamil Tiger militants
CNN  -- The oil spill on the Gulf Coast has states and visitors bureaus working hard to keep the public updated and reassure beach-bound travelers . Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Northwest Florida The beaches in Fort Walton Beach , Destin and Okaloosa Island are open to the public and the air quality is good , according to the Emerald Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau , which represents the three destinations . "  Depending on the wind direction , tar balls may float ashore in Destin or Ft. Walton Beach later in the week , but cleaning crews are standing by , " the bureau 's website said . Small to moderate-size tar balls continue to wash up on some beaches of south Walton County , but the impact has been isolated and all 15 beach communities remain open , according to the Walton County Tourist Development Council 's website . Meanwhile , small scattered tar balls and oil patches have affected Panama City Beach , but the beaches are open and the swimming is still safe , the area 's visitors bureau website said . "  Our sugary white sand beaches are open for the enjoyment of our guests and , as of now , we are seeing only intermittent impact , " according to the bureau . iReport : Share your photos of affected beaches The beaches of Pensacola Beach and Perdido Key are open for swimming , but sporadic tar balls and a milky sheen have been reported on Perdido Key , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  Skimmer vessels respond to reports of oil sightings as needed . In addition , clean-up crews will be working on beaches at night when temperatures are cooler , " the bureau 's website said . iReport : A slick trip to Perdido Key Last week , the Escambia County Health Department rescinded a health advisory that had been issued for beaches stretching from the Florida-Alabama border to the entrance of the Perdido Unit of the Gulf Islands National Seashore . Government officials said that there was no oil sheen or oil slick observed in the water from the high-water mark out to 100 yards from shore . Dime-size to 5-inch tar balls continue to wash up in widely scattered areas of northwest Florida , but all of the state 's beaches remain open , according to Visit Florida , the state 's tourism corporation . Gulf Islands National Seashore All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites , which are in Florida and Mississippi , are open , the National Park Service 's website said . But several spots have been affected by the oil spill . On Santa Rosa Island , a clean-up was under way where light mousse -- a frothy oil-water mixture -- made landfall . Significant tar balls washed ashore near Opal Beach and oil sheen was approaching Opal 's shoreline . "  Response efforts include the constant surveillance for oil on the water , " the website said . Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama , have experienced significant oiling , according to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  The beaches are open and visitors are still welcome to sunbathe and walk the beach , but we strongly suggest they swim in a pool or enjoy our many off-beach activities , " the site said . The Alabama Department of Public Health has issued an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan or in bay waters close to Fort Morgan , Bayou St. John , Terry Cove , Cotton Bayou and Old River . Grand Isle , Louisiana The oil 's biggest impact in Louisiana is on the portion of the coast from the mouth of the Mississippi River extending east , according to a state emergency website . "  Most of the Louisiana Gulf Coast , 70 percent , is unaffected by the oil spill and remains open for commercial and recreational fishing , " according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , the site said .	All of Florida 's beaches are open , including tourist hot spots Panama City and Pensacola Sporadic tar balls and a milky sheen have been reported on Perdido Key Health officials have issued advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters
CNN  -- Dmitry Tursunov is not a man to play Russian roulette with his career -- but time is running out . Now 30 , he is entering the twilight zone of his time on court with the opportunities to provide for his retirement decreasing every day . The problem for the World No. 39 is that the cost of competing at the highest level is soaring , meaning he must collect $ 200,000 in prize money each year just to break even . It 's not a problem for those in the top 10 -- but with rising expenses and endless airfares to pay for , those unable to win the grand slams or attract big name sponsors are facing a conundrum . For Tursunov the choice is clear -- shell out the cash now and hope the investment pays off . Splashing the cash "  I do n't have a long career left so I decided to spend whatever is necessary , " he told CNN 's Open Court . "  I want to get the best results I want to get out of the game knowing I gave it my best and that I did n't try to save up on anything . "  Roughly , I probably spend $ 100,000 on traveling , plus or minus $ 10,000 , it 's kind of hard to say because I think the expenses are going up , the tickets are getting more expensive . "  I think also a lot of the times you have to fly business , not out of luxury , but it 's the only time you can get some rest and sleep . "  If you are sitting in a little shrimp position , it 's going to take you two days to recover , especially the older you get . "  I did n't believe that but I am starting to believe it . It takes me two or three days to get out of the travel . " Tursunov travels with his coach and physio , paying for their flights , accommodation and wages . He reckons he spends over $ 200,000 on his staff each year . The last of his seven singles titles came in 2011 and while he has bounced around the circuit picking up prize money , the opportunity to earn the big bucks continues to elude him . According to Forbes Business Magazine , the 10-highest paid tennis players in the world earned a combined $ 60 million in prize money between June 2012 and June 2013 . Roger Federer , the 17-time grand slam winner , is estimated to have earned $ 71.5 million in that time from sponsors , endorsements and exhibition matches , not to mention the $ 6.5 million in prize money . In the women 's game , Maria Sharapova leads the way , earning $ 29 million a year , making her the highest paid female athlete in the world . It is a world away from where Tursunov lives -- a man who has earned just shy of $ 587,000 in prize money so far this year . "  You play against very good players , " he said . "  It 's hard for people to grasp but you are playing against someone top 100 in his profession in the world which is pretty impressive . "  If you play a top 100 golfer in the world , doctor or basketball player , all these guys are making ridiculous money . "  But again it 's hard to compare the sports but the expenses are a lot higher than even in basketball because we do n't have a team who are paying our expenses . " Tursunov does not travel with a hitting partner as Andy Murray does , nor does the Russian have the backing of lucrative sponsors . And while he accepts that he has not done badly , earning nearly $ 5 million during his career , he says the costs of competing on the circuit are constantly spiraling . "  There are certain expenses you ca n't escape such as airline tickets and so forth but then you have coaches , if you want to compete well , if you want to make it in to the top 50 there 's no way you can do that without a coach , " he said . "  I 've tried . Roger has done it for some time but he 's still traveling with a physio , the guy who strings his racquets and those are all expenses you pay yourself . "  You pay a salary to your coach , then you pay his and your travel expenses as well as food . So it adds up . I think to travel with a coach you are probably going to hit $ 200,000 a year in expenses . " Tursunov was just 12 when he left his native Russia to try his luck in the U.S. after being introduced to a tennis coach through his father . Following a one-month trial , it was decided that this prodigious young talent had a real talent -- and after that there was no looking back . "  The coach felt like I was someone , " remembered Tursunov . "  He saw some potential in me and I decided that I had a one-way ticket to the U.S. and my dad left me after a month . " While he has never managed to prosper at the grand slam tournaments , Tursonov has enjoyed his time in the sun . Cast your mind back to Wimbledon 2005 and it was the Russian who played the pantomime villain on Centre Court by defeating British favorite Tim Henman . Amidst the searing pressure cooker heat of a tense five set match , it was Tursunov who prevailed 8-6 in the fifth to silence the raucous home crowd . A year later , he played an integral role in Russia 's Davis Cup victory over the U.S. by defeating Andy Roddick in dramatic fashion , 17-15 in the fifth . "  After that long fifth set , my dad said ` I 'm really sorry I put you in to tennis ' . "  I felt he actually meant it -- the match lasted nearly five hours . I think he was pretty exhausted . " Exhaustion is a feeling Tursunov knows all too well . He is a keen sleeper , taking advantage of every possible second in his hotel bedroom to catch forty winks . In his opinion , it 's getting tougher at the top with the likes of Novak Djokovic , Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray pulling away from the old master , Federer . Not since 2006 has Tursunov made it into the top 20 and the prospect of him repeating that feat looks unlikely given the amount of competition . "  I feel like it 's getting closer and closer in terms of the top 100 guys , " he added . "  You see a lot of these results where Federer and Nadal lost early in tournaments . "  I ca n't remember a time when Pete Sampras lost that early , or John McEnroe , he did n't lose that early ever in his lifetime . I think it 's getting a little bit tougher . "  Obviously there 's a lot more money involved and the players in order to compete we have to be a lot more professional and so I think the level of professionalism is getting a little bit higher . "  It 's hard for me to say what it was like 20 , 30 years ago , but I feel like when I first started there were a couple of matches where you looked at the draw and said ` OK this is a fairly sure win ' . "  But I feel like there 's almost no easy matches unless you know the guy 's injured or he 's coming from a different continent . It 's getting tougher . "	Dmitry Tursunov is ranked 40th in the world Russian reached a career high of 20th in 2006 The 30-year-old has won seven career titles but no grand slams Has also enjoyed a successful doubles career with six titles
Washington  CNN  John Hinckley wo n't face charges in the death of former President Ronald Reagan 's press secretary , James Brady -- whose death last summer was ruled a homicide , even though it happened more than three decades after Brady was shot by Hinckley . U.S. Attorney Ron Machen 's office announced the decision Friday , citing two legal barriers it could n't overcome in attempting to press new charges stemming from Hinckley 's 1981 attempt to assassinate Reagan , during which Brady was shot in the head , outside the Washington Hilton Hotel . Hinckley faced charges related to Brady 's shooting during his 1982 trial , but was found not guilty by reason of insanity . "  Because the jury conclusively made this finding , the government would be precluded now from arguing that Hinckley was sane at the time he shot Mr. Brady , " Machen 's office said . The District of Columbia also had a "  year-and-a-day " rule in effect at the time , which prohibited homicide charges if the victim died outside of that time span . "  The Brady Family respects the decision of the U.S. Attorney 's office for the District of Columbia not to move forward with prosecution , " Brady 's family said in a statement Friday . "  We deeply appreciate the extraordinary outpouring of love and support since the Bear 's passing . We miss him greatly . " Brady was shot in the head in the Reagan assassination attempt . He survived , but was left with slurred speech and partial paralysis . He suffered from chronic diseases as a result of the gunshot , including aspiration pneumonia , which he was suffering from when he died -- leading a medical examiner to conclude that Brady had died as a result of a "  gunshot wound of head and consequences thereof . "	A U.S. attorney wo n't charge John Hinckley in the death of James Brady Ronald Reagan 's former press secretary was shot in the head during Hinckley 's 1981 attempt to assassinate Reagan The U.S. attorney says there are too many legal hurdles to prosecute Hinckley since Brady died 33 years later
Atlanta  CNN  -- Higgs humor has humbled me . I thought I 'd nailed it , when I wrote what could be the first original Higgs Boson joke ever here . But since this week 's announcement that the Higgs particle has been found , there 's been a wave of Higgs humor on Twitter , a lot of it curated by Boing Boing 's Xeni Jardin , whose battle with breast cancer led her to tweet : "  Gon na start calling my post-mastectomy , science-rebuilt cyberboob the "  Higgs Bosom . " To be funny about something you usually have to understand it well . But sometimes it 's the difficulty of understanding something that makes it funny . From @pourmecoffee : "  Higgs Boson Explainer : It 's like , a particle , man . " Science writer @edyong209 tweets : "  A Higgs boson walks into a bar . The barman does n't understand . " And "  Re : CERN , some ppl say it 's silly to put so much money in something few people understand . Presumably those ppl also avoid banks . " @scullymike tweets : "  There 's an easy-to-understand video online that explains Higgs boson & creation of the universe , but it 's like four minutes long . Pass . " Turns out Mike Scully 's a ringer -- he used to write for The Simpsons and much more . The humor can get a little deeper once we understand that the Higgs particle is responsible for all things having mass . From the astrophysicist with the mass following @neiltyson : "  The Higgs discovery makes me feel heavier already . " He adds : "  What we need instead is the anti-Higgs . A particle that takes mass away . " Two punchlines in one tweet . DeGrasse Tyson ! This one from from a joke written by @sciencecomedian , is making the meme rounds big time : "  The Higgs Boson walks into a Catholic Church . Priest says "  What are you doing here ? " HB says "  You ca n't have mass without me . " For a little more context , read The New York Times ' @doverbye who , best I can tell , has never tweeted so I had to read the whole article where he writes that without Higgs "  all elementary forms of matter would zoom around at the speed of light , flowing through our hands like moonlight . " In other words , without Higgs , all life would be like a tough day of parenting . My favorite Higgs Humor on Twitter comes from a guy who dared challenge the rule of never telling more than 3 jokes on a single subject . @afrakt tapped into the public exhuberance over the Higgs discovery : "  Wow ! People going crazy for Higgs . Huge parade down Main St. Fireworks tonight ! " And then : "  Oh come on ! McDonald 's to offer 1800 caolorie Higgs McBoson . Blames physics for obestity epidemic . " And "  Republicans rail against the Higgs boson as the largest taxing of Americans ' brains in history . " I figured anyone who can do a Higgs Hat Trick could be worth talking to . So I tracked down @afrakt , aka Austin Frakt , Assistant Professor of Economics at Boston University with a specialty in Health Care policy . Frakt got his undergrad degree in physics from Cornell and his Ph.D. from MIT in statistical signal and image processing which , he explains , means "  how to make sense of streams of data using statistics and applied mathematics . " But "  public policy was always in my blood , " he tells me . So Frakt has been applying the scientific method to health care . I sense an opportunity . We Americans do n't have a single-payer health care system . We have so many health plans to choose from . It 's overwhelming . Have you , Professor Frakt , been able to game the health insurance system and , if so , can you tell our CNN audience how ? "  I used to choose my health plan based on word of mouth from colleagues , " he confesses to me . "  Last year , I decided I really should put my money where my mouth is and pick a plan more rationally . " Here 's the short version . "  The plans are different in dozens of dimensions , " says Frakt . "  I 'd have to go through all my health records , which doctors did I see , how much did I pay , what were the co-pays , which drugs did we use , did I have to take my kids to the emergency room ... " He 'd have to assess all of it in light of what he predicted his family 's health care needs would be in the coming year . And to top it off -- "  I would have to do all that by hand . " Why ? Because there is no comprehensive unified system of health records in the U.S. And so , Professor Frakt reveals : "  I could n't even take step one with this process . No way could I amass all the key information in a reasonable amount of time . " Which got Frakt thinking about Higgs again . Maybe , he thought out loud , we need a piece of technology that does n't exist to solve the problem of choosing a health plan . Just as the world 's great physicists created the multi-billion dollar Great Hadron Collider to smash particles until Higgs was revealed . Maybe , says Frakt , "  we need a pretty big tool . " Professor Frakt could be on to something . A Great Collider for crunching the costs and benefits of our health care plans . The power of imagination -- applied to one of society 's great challenges . And that 's how you develop a big idea from a few little tweets . Postscript : After this piece first posted , @sciencecomedian , aka Brian.Malow , sent us the video of him performing his ` Higgs walks into a Church ' joke . The year was 2009 . The joke is 16:30 into the video . But it 's best to listen to his whole riff , which begins around 13:00 . Laughing and Learning .	New particle fits description of elusive Higgs boson , scientists say Since then , there has been wave of Higgs humor on Twitter Difficulty of understanding something is perhaps thing that makes it funny
CNN  -- Latin American nations overwhelmingly rejected nearly 50 years of U.S. policy toward Cuba on Wednesday , voting at a meeting of the Organization of American States in Honduras to revoke the communist nation 's 1962 suspension from the multinational group . Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya Rosales says farewell to Hillary Clinton at Wednesday 's OAS meeting . Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya Rosales said at the end of the two-day meeting in the city of San Pedro Sula that the OAS had rectified a serious error . The United States led the push to suspend Cuba from the OAS at the height of the Cold War , also breaking diplomatic relations with the island nation in 1961 and establishing an economic embargo the next year . "  This is an important message to the whole world , not just our continent , " Zelaya said , later adding , "  The Cold War ended today in San Pedro Sula . " The United States sought to obtain concessions from Cuba this year in exchange for readmission to the 35-nation group . In particular , the United States wants greater political and personal freedoms for the island 's 11 million citizens . Cuba rejected any preconditions , with former President Fidel Castro saying this week Cuba had no interest in rejoining the OAS . Although the OAS lifted Cuba 's suspension , Latin leaders did not automatically welcome the nation back . Instead , the OAS set up a mechanism by which Cuba could rejoin . Much of that dialogue will center on human rights . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she was "  pleased " with the outcome , which came on a voice vote with no opposition . "  The member nations of the OAS showed flexibility and openness today , and as a result we reached a consensus that focuses on the future instead of the past : Cuba can come back into the OAS in the future if the OAS decides that its participation meets the purposes and principles of the organization , including democracy and human rights , " Clinton said in a statement . She attended the two-day meeting but left before the vote to travel to Egypt , where President Obama was to make a major address to the Muslim world Thursday . Some analysts agreed with Clinton 's assessment . "  The OAS emerged from a heated debate with a constructive compromise that revokes an obsolete Cold War resolution suspending Cuba , " said Robert Pastor , who was a Latin America national security adviser for President Carter in the late 1970s . "  But rather than invite Cuba to join the OAS , which Cuba said it would not do , it invited Cuba to initiate a dialogue on the purposes and principles of the OAS . " Others saw the vote as an outright rebuke for an outdated U.S. policy . "  I would n't say it was inevitable , but it was almost so , " said Wayne Smith , who worked as a top level official at the U.S. Embassy in Cuba from 1958 to 1961 during the Cuban Revolution that brought Castro to power . "  The U.S. was totally isolated on this , " said Smith , who also was the chief of mission at the U.S. interests section in Havana from 1979-82 . "  The United States had some legitimate points on readmitting Cuba , " Smith said , but went about it wrong . Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs policy institute , saw the vote as a personal defeat for Clinton . "  This will be presented in Latin America as a big defeat for Hillary Clinton because people are not ready to take a swat at Obama yet , " Birns said . "  It was hers to win , but she managed to lose it . " The United States is being "  hypercautious , " he said , rather than taking imaginative and bold steps toward normalizing relations . Analysts said many people in Latin America expected more from the newly elected Obama , who ran on a mantra of "  change . " Said Smith : "  The Obama policy has reflected so little change that the other countries are just fed up . " And many Latins gauge the United States -- long considered with suspicion , if not outright hostility -- by its stance toward Cuba . "  The road to rehabilitating relations with Latin America is through Havana , " Birns said . "  That 's something that the Latin Americans are very responsive to . " Heather Berkman , a Latin America analyst with the Eurasia Group consulting firm , saw the vote as "  a largely symbolic gesture that will have little impact in the short term either on improving democracy and human rights on the island , or on increasing the likelihood that the U.S. will lift the embargo of the island . " And the vote could have a backlash , she said . "  There will be a strong reaction among certain members of U.S. Congress who are passionately opposed to improving U.S.-Cuba relations while the Castros remain in power , " Berkman said . That reaction was quick to come Wednesday . "  Today we witnessed an example of the Obama administration 's absolute diplomatic incompetence and its unrestricted appeasement of the enemies of the United States , " Cuban-American U.S. Reps. Lincoln Diaz-Balart , R-Florida , and Mario Diaz-Balart , R-Florida , said in a joint statement . "  The OAS is a putrid embarrassment . " Other Cuban-American members of Congress also released statements criticizing the vote . The United States provides about 60 percent of OAS funding , Berkman said , and some members of Congress have threatened to withhold the money if Cuba is allowed back into the organization . Some old Latin America hands agree that the OAS may have hurt itself . "  I never cease to be amazed at how destructive some of these Latin American leaders can be , " said Otto Reich , who served in high-level Latin American posts for Presidents Reagan , George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush . "  They chose to revive something out of the Cold War . " The Latin leaders , Reich said , misread Washington . "  Some of these countries have further isolated themselves from the Obama administration , " Reich said . "  It will be a long time before they regain the trust of the American government . " Reich , a strong anti-communist , also opposed the vote on ideological grounds . "  The problem is that the conditions that suspended Cuba still exist , " he said . "  Cuba has n't changed . "	OAS revokes a 1962 decision suspending Cuba 's membership The 35-member Organization of American States met this week in Honduras U.S. had led push toward the 1962 suspension during Cold War 's height U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says she 's "  pleased " with the outcome
CNN  -- Detroit , Michigan , Police Chief Warren Evans has resigned , the city announced Wednesday . "  We appreciate the time and dedication that Warren Evans has given to the Detroit Police Department , " Mayor Dave Bing said in a statement . "  He has put the department on a path to reducing crime . " The mayor named Assistant Chief Ralph Godbee as interim police chief . "  I got some information on some things that had happened in our police department , " Bing said at news conference . "  I thought Chief Evans , some of his decisions , I think compromised his position as chief , and because of that , I 've made the decision to replace him . " Bing declined to go into details of what the decisions were that led to Evans ' resignation . He would only say that the move was based on feedback both internally and externally over a period of time . "  It 's a combination of a lot of things that happened , " Bing said . Evans came under fire in May when he allowed a reality film crew to follow officers as they executed a search warrant for a murder suspect , CNN affiliate WDIV reported . During the incident , an officer was accused of shooting and killing a 7-year-old girl who was sleeping inside of the home . Evans became the third Detroit police within a year when he assumed the position last summer , WDIV reported . "  We 've made some tremendous strides in the police department with a data-driven approach to solving crime , " Godbee said . "  Those things we are doing successfully , we will continue to build on . "	NEW : Mayor does not give a detailed reason for the change NEW : Former chief was under fire for a reality television show "  He has put the department on a path to reducing crime , " they mayor says of Warren Evans Assistant chief named interim police chief
Jindo , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korean authorities arrested three people Monday on suspicion of destroying evidence connected to the sinking of the ferry Sewol . Investigators also raided a Coast Guard office in a probe of how officials handled the first emergency call from a passenger . The director and two other people with the Korea Shipping Association 's Incheon office were arrested and accused of destroying evidence related to the probe of Chonghaejin , the company that owns the ferry , prosecutor Song In-taek said . The Korea Shipping Association is a trade group that promotes the interests of the country 's shipping industry . The site raided was the Coast Guard building in Mokpo , which includes the South Jeolla province emergency center -- a facility that provides 119 services , akin to the 911 emergency service in the United States . Investigators are looking into possible dereliction of duty , said Yang Joong-jin , the chief prosecutor in Mokpo . Police and prosecutors seized documents and recordings from the day of the ferry 's sinking , state-run news agency Yonhap reported.c The office received the first distress call from the ship when an 18-year-old boy dialed the 119 emergency number , the report said . "  According to a transcript of the recording , a Coast Guard official asked the student to provide the latitude and longitude of his location , sparking criticism that authorities wasted crucial minutes before starting a rescue operation . The investigation team said it will analyze the work journals and transcripts of the recording to see whether the authorities properly fulfilled their duties , " Yonhap added . The arrests and raid follow a spate of detentions since the ferry disaster off the country 's southwest coast on April 16 . Nearly 200 bodies have been found , and more than 100 people are still missing . The ship 's captain and 14 other crew members have also been arrested . Prosecutors in Mokpo said all 15 crew members in charge of sailing and the engine room face charges of "  causing death by abandoning  ship  , and violation of the country 's marine law , the Rescue and Aid at Sea and in the River Act . " Captain rescued in his underwear Newly released video from the Coast Guard shows the captain of the ferry , Lee Joon-seok , being rescued in his shorts by Coast Guard members . At a press conference Monday , two Coast Guard members defended Lee 's rescue . Capt. Kim Kyung-il said he did n't know he was helping the ferry 's captain escape the ship . "  No , absolutely not . I did n't find out until later , " Kim said . "  During the rescue , people were just dropping from the ferry ... falling into the sea . " Coast Guard member Kim Yong-ki said it was difficult to distinguish between crew members and passengers . "  Everyone was wearing life vests so we could n't tell who was crew or who was a passenger , " he said . "  The life vest covers the uniform . We could see the sleeves but in that situation we are not thinking about that . " Final words of passengers "  Why ca n't they tell us what 's going on ? " "  Wow , it 's tilting a lot . We 're tilting to this side . Ca n't move . " "  You think I 'm really gon na die ? " A teenage boy who died on the sunken ferry captured these desperate moments on cell phone video , according to South Korean national TV network JTBC . After the boy 's body was found , authorities gave his father his cell phone . Its memory card was still intact . But the father could n't bear to watch the entire clip from the doomed ship . Instead , he gave the video to JTBC , which shared a roughly three-minute audio clip with CNN . In the video , some appeared to take comfort in the fact they were wearing life vests . "  I 'm wearing the life vest , " one passenger says . "  I 'm wearing one , too . I really have to , " another replies . But the life jackets did n't save everyone . Over the weekend , divers found the bodies of 48 girls -- wearing their life jackets -- pressed into a room too small for so many people . The video also captured orders carried over the ship 's loudspeaker : "  Once again , please do not move from your current location , " a voice says . "  Absolutely do not move . " Prime Minister resigns South Korea 's Prime Minister announced his resignation Sunday , taking responsibility for the slow initial reaction to the ferry 's sinking . Prime Minister Chung Hong-won explained his decision on national television . He apologized "  on behalf of the government for the many problems that arose during the first response and the subsequent rescue operation , " in addition to "  problems that existed before the accident . " "  During the search process , the government took inadequate measures and disappointed the public , " Chung said . "  I should take responsibility for everything as the prime minister , but the government can assume no more . So I will resign as prime minister . " Prosecutors have said that authorities have yet to determine what caused the sinking . But leading theories include changes made to increase the ferry 's passenger capacity , and shifting cargo . CNN 's Steven Jiang reported from Jindo ; Holly Yan and Josh Levs reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Nic Robertson and Danny Gu in Jindo and Ashley Fantz in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities raid Coast Guard site that received the first emergency call Video shows Coast Guard members rescuing the captain in his underwear 3 members of a shipping industry trade group accused of destroying evidence A dad finds his dead son 's cell phone video , which captured the chaos on the ship
CNN  -- Millions of sea turtles have been the unintentional victims of the world 's fisheries in the past 20 years , according to a report published Tuesday . The first ever global survey of sea turtle bycatch conducted by Conservation International and Duke University in the United States suggests that the Mediterranean and the Eastern Pacific are locations where the marine turtle populations are in danger of collapse . The report says that the increase in fishing gear , like longlines and gillnets , in marine habitats is directly linked to the increase in the accidental capture of sea turtles . Bycatch occurs when fishing gear inadvertently snag animals other than the intended catch . Sea turtles , along with sharks , dolphins , and albatrosses , are among the most frequently accidentally captured . They often perish as a result of swallowing sharp J-shaped hooks , or by drowning in nets . The report , published this week in "  Conservation Letters " investigated the impact of bycatch on sea turtles around the globe from 1990 to 2008 . Their findings show that tens of thousands of marine turtles have been reported as bycatch in the past 20 years . Dr. Bryan Wallace , Science Advisor for Conservation International 's Sea Turtle Flagship Program believes the number may be far higher . "  Because the reports we reviewed typically covered less than 1 percent of all fleets , with little or no information from small-scale fisheries around the world , we conservatively estimate that the true total is probably not in tens of thousands , but in the millions of turtles taken as bycatch in the past two decades , " he said in a press statement . Sea turtles are highly migratory animals that cover vast areas of ocean between nesting and feeding grounds . They are subject to several threats , including capture for their meat and collection of eggs , destruction of nesting beaches and pollution of the ocean . However , Wallace and the reports ' co-authors believe bycatch is the most serious threat to sea turtle populations around the world . Six of the seven marine turtle species are currently categorized as "  vulnerable " , "  endangered " , or "  critically endangered globally " by the International Union of Conservation of Nature 's  IUCN  Red List . They include loggerheads , leatherbacks , hawksbills , Olive Ridleys , Kemp 's Ridleys and green sea turtles ; the flatback , an endemic to Australia , is currently categorized as Data Deficient . The highest reported bycatch rates for longline fisheries occurred off Mexico 's Baja California peninsula , the report said , adding that the highest rates for gillnet fishing took place in the North Adriatic region of the Mediterranean and the highest rates for trawls were found off the coast of Uruguay . The report suggests that a lack of integrated management of fishing in the Mediterranean Sea is to blame for the region 's high bycatch rates . It has some of the world 's highest concentrations of longline fishing and trawling . "  We have only begun to scratch the surface about the realities of sea turtle bycatch , " said Wallace . "  Our review revealed important data gaps in areas where small-scale fisheries operate , especially Africa , the eastern Indian Ocean and Southeast Asia . " "  Sea turtles are sentinel species of how oceans are functioning . The impacts that human activities have on them give us an idea as to how those same activities are affecting the oceans on which billions of people around the world depend for their own well-being . " said Wallace . "  Our hope is that this study gives governments and fisheries alike the impetus for bolstering on-going efforts to reduce sea turtle bycatch and to promote more sustainable fishing practices as soon as possible . "	Millions of turtles believed to have died as fishing bycatch in last 20 years New report looked at impact of longlines , gillnets and trawls on turtles Mediterranean and eastern Pacific are areas with most threatened turtle populations
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A longtime employee and vault manager for a jewelry company in Long Island City , New York , stole millions of dollars worth of gold and gold jewelry from her employer over a six-year span , the Queens district attorney has alleged . Teresa Tambunting , 50 , of Scarsdale , New York , is accused of stealing as much as $ 12 million from Jacmel Jewelry , Queens District Attorney Richard Brown said in a statement Wednesday . At an arraignment Wednesday , she did not enter a plea to charges of first-degree grand larceny and first-degree criminal possession of stolen property , the district attorney 's office said . She was released on $ 100,000 bail and will return to court May 19 , the office said . Her attorney , David Kirby , did not return phone calls seeking comment . Tambunting , who worked for Jacmel for 28 years , has returned about $ 7 million worth of gold , but $ 4 million remains missing , according to Brown . "  The defendant is accused of establishing a virtual mining operation in Long Island City which siphoned off millions of dollars ' worth of the precious metal from her employer , " Brown said . Police say Tambunting -- whose job responsibilities involved monitoring the vault in which fine gold , finished products and raw materials were stored -- confessed that for several months last year , she hid gold in makeshift slits in her purse . An inventory in January revealed that as much as $ 12 million in merchandise was missing , Brown said in the written statement . After an investigation , Tambunting arrived at the jewelry company 's offices wheeling a suitcase containing about 66 pounds of gold , an estimated $ 868,000 , the district attorney 's office said . In February , about 450 pounds of gold was taken from her residence , the office said . Tambunting became vault manager in 1991 , the office said . The dates of the alleged thefts were not immediately clear . The value of the gold returned fluctuates because of the rise and fall of gold prices . However , the charges are based on what Jacmel claims it lost : $ 3 to $ 12 million , according to the Queens district attorney . Jewelry manufacturer owners often find themselves in precarious circumstances when protecting their companies from thievery , said Benjamin Mark , who owned a jewelry manufacturing company in New York for 20 years . "  Unless you have metal detectors where every single employee removes their shoes and belts , you ca n't be certain , " said Mark , who now operates a one-man business . "  Stealing jewelry is relatively simple . " Jacmel Jewelry is one of the country 's largest manufacturers and distributors of popular price jewelry , according to its Web site . It employs more than 1,000 people worldwide , according to its president , Jack Rahmey . Rahmey said he is cooperating with authorities . Tambunting faces up to 25 years in prison if convicted .	Vault manager worked for Jacmel Jewelry for 28 years Authorities say she confessed to hiding gold in her purse District attorney says she 's returned about $ 7 million in gold She could get 25 years in prison if convicted
CNN  -- After 10 years unbeaten , and an incredible 470 successive victories , Esther Vergeer is hanging up her racket . The 31-year-old has dominated wheelchair tennis for more than a decade , winning seven Paralympic gold medals , 13 world titles and all 21 of the grand slam singles events she entered , plus 23 in doubles . "  A special day : officially stopping tennis , " Vergeer wrote on her Twitter page Tuesday . She won 169 singles titles overall -- 120 of them consecutively -- plus 159 in doubles , and helped the Netherlands win the World Team Cup 12 times . "  I am impressed I got this far . I sometimes still can not believe that in all these years I did not have a breakdown . But for now it 's enough , " Vergeer told reporters . She was hailed as an inspirational figure by the head of the International Tennis Federation , Francesco Ricci Bitti . "  Esther Vergeer is a tremendous ambassador not only for tennis but also for disability sports , " Ricci Bitti said . "  She is an inspiration to many . Wheelchair tennis owes her a huge debt of gratitude for her professionalism and her quality as a player . "  Everyone at the ITF wishes her well with her foundation and we know that anything she chooses to do in the future will be a success . " Vergeer began playing wheelchair tennis at the age of 12 , having lost the use of her legs four years earlier after complications following spinal surgery . She also played wheelchair basketball , but focused on the racket sport and became world No. 1 for the first time in 1999 . Vergeer spent 668 weeks at the top of the rankings , reaching a decade unbeaten on January 30 , 2013 -- though her last competitive match was at the London 2012 Paralympics on September 8 . "  I took a time-out since London and found out on the court there are no challenges left , but ` outside ' there are plenty . For instance the will to give children with a disability an opportunity to play sport all over the world , " she said , citing the work of her foundation . Her 470 consecutive wins is not a world record ; Pakistani squash star Jahangir Khan won 555 successive matches between 1981-86 . Another squash player , Heather McKay of Australia , was unbeaten from 1962-1981 and lost only two matches in her entire career . In terms of able-bodied tennis , Martina Navratilova won 74 matches in a row in 1984 , while the Open-era men 's record is held by Guillermo Vilas  46 wins in 1977  . Vergeer 's closing career record is 700 wins , 25 losses . As well as her own charity , she has worked closely with the foundation set up by her compatriot Johan Cruyff , one of the most iconic figures in Dutch soccer . Vergeer is a director at the ATP World Tour tennis tournament in Rotterdam , which this week marks its 40th staging with Roger Federer as the defending champion -- and was where she made a tearful announcement about her decision to quit . "  It 's still hard and I 've got to get used to it . It felt like an addiction , to get everything out of yourself each and every day , the kick of winning in three sets , winning Paralympic titles , " she said . "  But going on would not add more to my career . I met so many people and situations that inspired me to mean something to others besides the court . "	Wheelchair tennis star Esther Vergeer ends her career , being unbeaten for 10 years Dutchwoman won 470 successive matches after a defeat on January 30 , 2003 The 31-year-old won four successive singles gold medals at the Paralympic Games She has been praised as an inspirational ambassador for disability sports
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's foremost aviation showcase celebrates its 60th anniversary this year . The Spitfire is one of the aircraft from Farnborough 's inaugural show getting airborne once again to celebrate the airshow 's 60th year . The 46th Farnborough International Airshow will commemorate the first show ever held in 1948 at this year 's event in Hampshire which runs from July 14 to 20 . "  As we look back on the past 60 years , we also are excited to continue looking forward to the next 60 years , " said John Cairns , Head of Services at Farnborough International Limited  FIL  which runs the biennial airshow . To mark the occasion , Farnborough 's world-renowned flying display will include aircraft which flew at the first show like the Swordfish , Spitfire , Sea Hawk and Sea Fury . Adding a modern twist to the mix will be the debut of The Blades , the world 's only globally accredited aerobatic airline . The airshow was first established as a way for the British public to see and learn about the best of aviation . Staying true to its original purpose , on both Saturday 19 and Sunday 20 July -- Farnborough 's "  public weekend " -- there will be a four-and-a-half-hour flying display . Highlights include perennial favourites the Red Arrows , the Royal Air Force aerobatic team who will close the show with their aerial gymnastics , as well as the debut of the Aero Sekur Shooting Stars , an Italian ladies ' parachute team who will be providing daily skydiving displays . "  Farnborough , in essence , has always been about innovation , and I am delighted that to a long line of distinguished ` Farnborough Firsts ' I am able to add some very worthy new firsts , including the first ever women 's parachute team to appear at the Airshow ; the world 's first aerobatic airline and the first business aviation jet to have been developed at Farnborough , " continued Cairns . As well as displaying aircraft for the public , Farnborough has also established itself as one of the world 's premier showcases for the aviation business world . This year , 1,500 companies from 35 countries as diverse as Colombia and Bahrain will be exhibiting planes and other technologies in a show that is predicted to be Farnborough 's biggest to date . On the trade days which run from Monday 14 to Friday 18 July , business attendees will be able to see the world 's latest aerospace innovations in the air . A full range of civil , business and defence aircraft will take part in flying displays . These include the Airbus AB380 ; HAL helicopters ; the Kestrel JP10  originally conceived at Farnborough airfield  ; the MiG 29 ; the EADS Eurofighter ; the F 16 and F18 ; the MB 346 ; the AB 609 ; MB 311 . In 2006 , Farnborough trade week accumulated $ 42 billion worth of orders including $ 550 million in business aviation orders . The Airbus A380 also made its UK debut at Farnborough that year . "  Our intention has always been to build on the success of the 2006 event , and to ensure that this year 's show delivers an incomparable business service for our exhibitors and their customers , ensuring that they can gain maximum benefit and opportunity from attending Farnborough Airshow -- whether that is taking orders , making sales or developing new business , " said Amanda Stainer , the Airshow 's Exhibition and Events Director . To find out more about Farnborough International Airshow go to : www.farnborough.com /	Farnborough International Airshow celebrates its 60th year in 2008 Flying displays will include Spitfire and Sea Hawk planes which first flew in 1948 Aerospace industry will be represented by 1,500 companies from 25 countries Professionals will be able to see the MiG 29 and the F 16 fighter jets in the air
Washington  CNN  -- Within 24 hours of Osama bin Laden 's death in a U.S. assault on his compound in Pakistan , administration and government officials -- both cloaked in anonymity and on the record -- provided misleading if not erroneous information about what happened in the al Qaeda leader 's final moments . Bin Laden was shielded during the shooting by women , including his wife , they said . He was an active participant in an ongoing firefight , they insisted , implying bin Laden was armed and therefore gave U.S. Navy SEALs little choice but to shoot him down . Hours later , a senior administration official began to revise that narrative to some White House reporters . Further revisions came Tuesday when White House Press Secretary Jay Carney gave a step-by-step description of the raid provided by the Defense Department that made clear bin Laden was unarmed and had no human shields . Live blog : Bin Laden operation Was it the fog of war , a bid to head off questions about killing bin Laden or perhaps a final propaganda salvo against the face of terrorism to Americans ? Asked about the initial erroneous details , Carney shrugged it off as part of the difficulty in disseminating information quickly on a chaotic situation taking place halfway around the world . "  What is true is that we provided a great deal of information with great haste , " Carney said , noting that some of the details came in "  piece by piece " with frequent updates and elaboration . "  We have worked very hard to declassify information in record speed to provide as much insight into this operation as we can , as quickly as we can , mindful obviously of the equities that are at stake here in terms of never revealing sources and methods , never compromising our intelligence procedures , " Carney said . However , his response failed to address why top officials including Brennan , a seasoned intelligence professional not known for misstatements , would go public with erroneous information that seemed intended to further disparage bin Laden . What bin Laden photos could show Brennan was the first senior administration official after Obama 's nationally televised statement Sunday night to speak on the record to reporters about what happened in Pakistan , appearing at Monday 's White House news briefing with Carney . He said then that bin Laden "  was engaged in a firefight with those that entered the area of the house he was in , " adding that he did n't know whether or not bin Laden "  got off any rounds . " Brennan also said that during the assault "  there was a female who was in fact in the line of fire that reportedly was used as a shield to shield bin Laden from the incoming fire . " He then urged the journalists to consider the bigger picture , seeming to mock bin Laden by saying he was "  living in this million dollar-plus compound , living in an area that is far removed from the front , hiding behind women who were put in front of him as a shield . " Time magazine : CIA chief on why Pakistan was n't told It was n't just Brennan saying it . A senior defense official gave a similar description to reporters at a Pentagon background briefing , saying bin Laden and other male combatants at the compound "  certainly did use women as shields . " By Tuesday , that narrative had changed . Brennan , in an interview on Fox , backed off on the assertions that bin Laden was armed and had been shielded by women . "  Those details are still coming out , " he said when asked about whether bin Laden shot at the U.S. assailants . "  There was a firefight in the compound . And I would wait to make a determination about whether or not he was armed and whether he fired . " On the human shield question , he said at least two women in the compound , including a wife of bin Laden , "  certainly resisted and they put themselves against the assaulters . " Courier identified who led U.S. to bin Laden "  Whether or not they were trying to shield or whether they were trying to attack is still unclear , " Brennan said . Carney later gave reporters a step-by-step description of the assault that also changed the initial details . "  On the first floor of bin Laden 's building , two al Qaeda couriers were killed along with a woman who was killed in crossfire , " Carney said . "  Bin Laden and his family were found on the second and third floor of the building . " Carney noted "  there was concern that bin Laden would oppose the capture operation ... and indeed he did resist . " "  In the room with bin Laden , a woman , rather bin Laden 's wife , rushed the U.S. assaulter and was shot in the leg but not killed , " Carney said . "  Bin Laden was then shot and killed . He was not armed . " Carney provided no further details on how bin Laden resisted . A U.S. official speaking on condition of not being identified told CNN on Tuesday that bin Laden was shot when he made a threatening move . When asked if bin Laden tried to grab a weapon or physically attack a commando , the official would only say : "  He did n't hold up his hands and surrender . " Bin Laden unarmed when killed , White House says Central Intelligence Agency Director Leon Panetta , in an interview Tuesday with PBS , said the U.S. forces had clear authority to kill bin Laden . "  Obviously , under the rules of engagement , if he had in fact thrown up his hands , surrendered and did n't appear to be representing any kind of threat , then they were to capture him , " Panetta said , adding he was unaware of any verbal communication between bin Laden and the American forces but that "  we 're still getting the feedback from the SEALs themselves as to just exactly what took place during that mission . " To administration officials , the U.S. forces acted properly . "  It 's very difficult for us , from here , to Monday morning quarterback a very difficult decision , " Deputy National Security Advisor Denis McDonough told CNN when asked Tuesday about bin Laden being killed while unarmed . "  Frankly , I do n't know , " McDonough continued . "  I 've seen differing accounts as we gather more information . I do n't know for certain whether bin Laden was armed or not . But I do know that our tremendous ... assault team that made that raid that day made exactly the right decision in each case , as far as I 'm concerned . " Carney acknowledged the difficulty in getting all the facts right in such a situation , telling reporters that "  to use your phrase -- fog of war , fog of combat -- that there was a lot of information coming in . It is still unclear . " The impact of the initial reports was clear . In opening a House subcommittee hearing Tuesday on Pakistan , Rep. Patrick Meehan , R-Pennsylvania , mentioned the successful mission against bin Laden . "  That he reportedly died using a woman as a human shield is an image that cements the true nature of his character , and such cowardice will be a part of his legacy , " Meehan said . CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this story .	Top officials got some things wrong in first comments on the bin Laden mission The White House releases a revised account Tuesday Is it the fog of war , or deliberate ?
CNN  Violent protests have erupted in parts of the world over the latest issue of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . While there have also been largely peaceful protests , authorities from Africa to the Middle East are seeing clashes in the streets -- and seeking ways to tamp down the uproar among Muslims furious over depictions of the Prophet Mohammed . The deadliest violence has been in Niger , where authorities report 10 people killed . Churches and homes have been destroyed , the government said in a statement . AFP , the France-based news wire service , said police reported that 173 people have been injured ; at least 45 churches have been "  set ablaze in the capital  Niamey  alone , " and a "  Christian school and orphanage were also set alight . " Numerous sites were pillaged before being burned . Video from Niamey showed protesters waving Qurans and yelling "  God is great " while tearing apart Bibles and throwing them onto the ground . A bar owned by people from France could also be seen burning . Three days of mourning began Monday , the government announced . In Karachi , Pakistan , police used tear gas and water cannons to disperse protesters outside the French consulate . A Pakistani photographer for AFP was shot and wounded , the news agency reported . At least 200 protesters were involved in the violence , which broke out after Muslim religious parties called on supporters to condemn the cartoon following afternoon prayers , said Ahmed Chinoy , chief of Karachi 's Citizen Police Liaison Committee . Images from the scene showed police in running street fights with demonstrators . Those protests came after Pakistan 's parliament unanimously passed a resolution condemning the caricatures printed in Charlie Hebdo . In Algeria , clashes erupted between demonstrators and police as well . And in Jordan , "  the Muslim Brotherhood organized a crowd of 2,000 protesters who clashed with police in the capital of Amman as they moved toward the French Embassy , " USA Today reported . "  Police used batons to break up the gathering . " In Gaza , "  Some 200 radical Islamists tried to storm the French cultural centre in Gaza City on Monday , shouting slogans threatening the lives of staff over Charlie Hebdo cartoons , " AFP reported , adding that the protesters chanted " ` Damnation upon France ! ' and waved black flags adopted by jihadists . "  Leave Gaza , you French , or we will slaughter you by cutting your throats , " the protesters chanted , according to AFP . Palestinian police arrested dozens who tried to break into the French cultural center , the report said . The Israeli newspaper Haaretz said activists in Gaza wore uniforms similar to those of ISIS militants . The paper quoted one protester , Abu Abdallah Makdissi , as saying , "  Today , we are telling France and world countries that while Islam orders us to respect all religions , it also orders us to punish and kill those who assault and offend Islam 's Prophet Mohammed . " There have been large-scale peaceful protests reported in several African nations , including including Mali and Somalia , and parts of the Middle East including Lebanon . Thousands from Russia 's North Caucasus gathered in Grozny , Chechnya , for a peaceful event called Love for the Prophet Mohammed , Russia 's state-run TASS news agency said . News reports estimated hundreds of thousands may have taken part . In Senegal and Mauritania , protesters torched French flags , the French news agency France24 reported . There were similar scenes in Iran , where protesters burned U.S. and Israeli flags . CNN 's Sophia Saifi contributed to this report .	Violent protests in Niger leave 10 dead , churches and other sites torched "  Leave Gaza , you French , or we will slaughter you , " Palestinian protesters reportedly say Peaceful protests over Charlie Hebdo reported from Somalia to Chechnya
CNN  -- Sid Caesar , who died Wednesday at 91 , did n't saunter , glide , bounce or skip into your living room the way other comedy TV stars did . He came at you like a football lineman , charging , roaring , enveloping your senses and tickling them relentlessly with sounds and expressions you either did n't expect or had never heard before . It 's hard to believe that someone who was so mercurial and explosive a physical presence could become so beloved and influential an icon of the "  cool " medium of television in its early years . And yet , at the peak of his fame in the early and mid-1950s , Caesar 's audience was broad enough to encompass both working and thinking classes . Imagine what could happen if a great silent-film comedian had passed a crash course in Borscht-belt patter with flying colors , slinging words as he executed pratfalls . Then again , do n't imagine . Watch any vintage black-and-white video excerpt from "  Your Show of Shows "  1951-1954  or "  Caesar 's Hour "  1954-1957  . You 'll see Caesar in sketches where his characters speak a faux-foreign dialect that , though it 's gibberish in at least two languages , makes hilarious sense throughout . You 'll see his big fleshy face in tight close-up forcing tears out of his eyes as the fiscally challenged suburban husband whose wife just charged a mink coat to his account . Watch the contortions he puts himself through as he plays a frantically reluctant featured guest on a spoof of the "  This is Your Life " TV show . The words and comedy of Sid Caesar You say you 're not old enough to remember that vintage TV show ? Does n't matter . It may help to know something about the wretched excesses of 1950s pre-rock 'n' roll pop music to recognize what 's being satirized by "  The Three Haircuts , " a trio of pompous , pompadoured vocalists played by Caesar and sidekicks Carl Reiner and Howard Morris . But if you do n't , it wo n't keep you from laughing yourself stupid at the routine . By the same token , you do n't need to have seen the 1953 Oscar-winning movie "  From Here to Eternity " to appreciate the beautifully timed expression on Caesar 's face at the climax of the parody version when he realizes -- never mind . Just watch it . Great comedy is evergreen , no matter what color it 's shot in . Though the razzmatazz culture of post-war America inspired Caesar 's all-star teams of writers , it was those same writers -- including Reiner , Mel Brooks , Neil Simon , Woody Allen , Larry Gelbart and Mel Tolkin -- who went on to establish and inspire American comedic standards for the remaining decades of the 20th century and into the next one . "  Your Show of Shows , " after all , aired live on NBC on Saturday nights just as "  Saturday Night Live " has for almost 40 years . When you watch a classy contemporary sitcom , whether it 's ABC 's "  Modern Family " or HBO 's "  Veep , " the character-driven , sophisticated slapstick has its precedents in many of the domestic sketches and satiric skits of the Caesar shows . Caesar 's roughneck persona seemed an unlikely vessel for such versatile , urbane humor . But along with his slam-bang agility , he displayed the instincts and timing of a classically trained musician . Much like the leader of a jazz ensemble , Caesar had a cultivated ear , willing to listen carefully and generously to both his writers and his fellow ensemble members Reiner , Morris , Imogene Coca and Nanette Fabray , who became as invaluable to the success of those classic shows as Caesar himself . He was also moody and temperamental . To the end of his life , he regaled interviewers with the story of how , one night in Chicago , he became so enraged at Mel Brooks that he dangled him from an 18th-story window . Brooks , apparently , did n't resent him for it , and cast Caesar in his 1976 "  Silent Movie , " which showcased the great man 's genius for wordless wit . The years between the last "  Caesar 's Hour " in 1957 and "  Silent Movie " were erratic and not always happy ones for Caesar . He subdued addictions to alcohol and pills , but never caught another wave like the one he rode in the Eisenhower years . Still , he lived long enough to savor the resounding impact he and his work would have on several generations of comics , most of whom , talented as they were , could n't explode the way Sid Caesar could . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : Sid Caesar was explosive , hilarious comic , very popular in TV 's early days He says in the '50s , Caesar 's TV shows appealed to both working and thinking classes His writers included Carl Reiner , Mel Brooks , Woody Allen , Neil Simon ; he was hugely influential Seymour : He was impulsive , conquered addictions , lived long to see impact of his work
CNN  -- Many people consider Trayvon Martin to be a 21st century Emmett Till . George Zimmerman killed Trayvon Martin as the 17-year-old African-American returned home after buying Skittles and iced tea . The killing has generated sadness , anger and frustration both because the innocent and inoffensive victim may have been targeted only because of his race , and because the admitted shooter was not arrested . After weeks of suspense , Florida special prosecutor Angela Corey has ordered Zimmerman arrested and charged him with second-degree murder . This development shows several positive things about the criminal justice system . First , it makes clear that even under Florida 's liberal self-defense laws , an implausible or unsubstantiated claim of self-defense does not constitute a "  get out of jail free " card . Florida 's "  stand your ground " law protects , some say over-protects , the right of self-defense . But judges and juries still have the power to evaluate the truth of self-defense claims , and defendants will be convicted of homicide if the prosecution can prove that killings were outside the law . In addition , at a press conference announcing the charge , Corey emphasized that the charges were based on careful investigation and evaluation of the facts , not on "  pressure or petition . " It is wonderful that the rallies , marches and protests brought attention to a case that otherwise might have gone unnoticed . But it would be disastrous for society if popular pressure alone could induce prosecutors to charge people with crimes . Some aspects of how the case will proceed are clear . First , while the prosecution was unconvinced by Zimmerman 's self-defense claim , he is still entitled to present it to the jury at trial . If they accept it , of course , he will be acquitted . In addition , although Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder , even if the jury rejects the self-defense claim and believes the killing was homicide , they may choose to convict of a "  lesser included offense " such as manslaughter . Manslaughter is still a serious felony , although it carries a lower penalty than murder . It is also important to note the stringency of the requirements for a second-degree murder charge . The prosecution must prove that a defendant had "  a depraved mind " and acted "  without regard for human life . " The killing must be motivated by "  ill will , hatred , spite , or an evil intent . " The defense is likely to argue that even if Zimmerman made a misjudgment or mistake , as a neighborhood watch volunteer , he had none of these bad motives . He could claim that no one bent on murder would , as he did , call the police in advance . The lesser charge of manslaughter requires a killing through "  act , procurement or culpable negligence " which can be established with less evidence of bad motive . There is another possibility . Under a particular set of facts it could be that both Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman reasonably believed they were being confronted by unlawful violence from the other , and therefore that both thought they had to use force to defend themselves . If the jury found that to be the case , under Florida law , Zimmerman would be acquitted . It is impossible to say which of these scenarios is most likely . The prosecutor would not and could not have filed charges if she believed that Martin simply attacked Zimmerman , who fired because he reasonably feared for his own life . Beyond that , however , the prosecutor deliberately  and properly , under applicable ethical rules  declined to reveal what facts the investigation uncovered , or why she regarded them as showing that what happened was criminal . One possibility , admittedly speculative , is that the prosecutor concluded that Zimmerman illegally confronted the victim with a weapon without just cause , and that that criminal act led to the shooting . Because the critical facts of the case have not been revealed , it is impossible to predict how the case will fare when tested in the crucible of the courtroom . The evidence could be air-tight , but in cases from the Michael Jackson child molestation prosecution to the Dominique Strauss-Kahn rape prosecution , evidence that convinced prosecutors disintegrated in the face of vigorous defense advocacy . And Zimmerman will almost certainly get a high quality defense , paid for either by himself and his supporters or by the state of Florida , which will want to ensure the appearance of fairness on a case in the spotlight . Whatever else comes out of this incident , it is clear that it is risky for people to inject themselves into ambiguous situations they are neither properly trained nor legally authorized to handle . Even police departments often train off-duty officers to call 911 rather than taking direct action , unless human life is at risk . If there was ever any doubt , this case demonstrates that that is the right approach for private citizens . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gabriel J. Chin .	Gabriel Chin : Charges show that "  stand your ground " does n't mean "  get out of jail free " He says George Zimmerman is entitled to present his self-defense argument to the jury Chin : Proving second-degree murder charge is a high bar , but jury could convict on lesser charge He says one lesson is that private citizens should not direct action in case like this
Las Vegas  CNN  -- To break out beyond the personal computer market in the U.S. , Lenovo Group will need a little help from its friends . Lenovo has operated as a lone wolf in China , where the company is based , by building hardware that runs its uniquely designed software . At the International Consumer Electronics show this week , Lenovo launched a cloud service in China , similar to Apple 's iCloud , that will keep all of its devices in sync . The company will take a different approach , however , when it expands in the U.S. , Lenovo CEO Yang Yuanqing said in an interview here . "  We can not do everything by ourselves , " Yuanqing said . The U.S. market is "  more challenging than in China because we have to rely on somebody else 's ecosystem . So we have to find the right partner here . " Lenovo expects to continue using Microsoft 's Windows on its computers , and Google 's Android on its tablets and smartphones , Yuanqing said . Hewlett-Packard and Microsoft may try to court the Chinese electronics giant to help with its U.S. mobile efforts , however . In the U.S. , Lenovo is barely a top-five PC manufacturer , but it 's a solid No. 2 globally . Its trio of tablets , which are all based on Android , have n't sold particularly well in the United States . Lenovo Group has grown significantly in the U.S. in the last few years thanks to its aggressive pricing and the 2005 acquisition of International Business Machines ' PC division , which has catapulted Lenovo 's sales to corporations . U.S. retailers have suggested that Lenovo should price its computers $ 50 below competitors ' comparable systems , advice the company has heeded because it has n't achieved a strong brand in America , Yuanqing said . Pinching pennies delays the U.S. expansion because Lenovo ca n't accumulate enough profit to fund development in other areas like smartphones or TVs , he said . "  The priority for today is to succeed in the PC area , " Yuanqing said . "  We have invested a lot in this area , and also we have seen hyper-growth in this area . But we have not made money from the consumer PC area . So we can not afford to invest more in different , other categories . " At Lenovo 's CES news conference , Yuanqing discussed "  the four-screen strategy , " but in the U.S. , it only sells two of those screens . Lenovo and Sony , which has long been a proponent of selling multiple devices , define the four primary screens in the consumer electronics world as the PC , smartphone , tablet and television . In the United States , Lenovo only sells computers and tablets . Sony sells all four in many countries and has been deploying software to tie them all seamlessly together . Lenovo will release its fourth screen , a connected TV set , in China . It has gotten some buzz because its software is based on the latest version of Android , heavily modified by Lenovo 's programmers , rather than on Google TV . On Lenovo 's platforms , Google does not have the ability to control content in the way it does on a Google TV set , like those made by Samsung , Sony and Vizio . Before it brings a TV or phone to the United States , Lenovo will focus on improving its brand through PCs , and on building relationships with U.S. cellular carriers and retailers , Yuanqing said .	Lenovo will not go it alone when it releases smartphones and TVs in the U.S. , CEO says The company modified the Android mobile software for its TV in China The U.S. expansion will not come immediately , as Lenovo is focusing on PCs
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A day after a senior figure in a Gaza-based Islamist group was slain in an Israeli targeted killing , another militant organization has released a Hebrew language audio message threatening continued rocket fire into Israel . The message , addressed to "  the attacking Jews " , was posted on website used by Islamic radical groups and came from a Gaza-based organization calling itself the Jemma Ansar al-Sunna or the Community of Sunna Supporters . In Arabic accented Hebrew the speaker on the tape warned "  the killing of our brothers will not stop us from continuing the Jihad ... and our rockets will continue if you do not leave the land of Palestine . " The message referenced the killing of Islam Yassin the day before in Gaza City . Yassin and his brother were driving Wednesday afternoon when their car exploded . In a joint-statement released shortly after the explosion , Israel 's air force and internal security organization , known as the Shin Bet , acknowledged carrying out the strike claiming the target was a member of a known radical group . "  Islam Yassin was a senior operative in the Army of Islam terror organization ... " the statement said . "  Most recently , Yassin had been personally involved in planning and directing a terror attack in which Israelis would be kidnapped from the Sinai Peninsula . " The strike against the Army of Islam marks the second time this month that Israel has employed targeted killings against the group which it considers a radical Salafist organization with ideological ties to al Qaeda . On November 3 , in a similar strike , another Army of Islam leader , Mohammed al-Namnam was killed by Israel . A military spokeswoman at the time called him a "  ticking bomb " who was involved in attacks against Israeli and American targets in the Sinai Peninsula .	Group threatens to continue rocket launches into Israel Message referenced killing of Islam Yassin the day before in Gaza City Israeli air force and security organizations claim responsibility
CNN  -- A chemical found in many sodas may be dangerous to your health , Consumer Reports says . And no , it 's not sugar  this time  . The golden-brown color of many soft drinks comes with a dose of the chemical 4-methylimidazole , or 4-MeI . On U.S. product labels it appears simply as "  caramel coloring . " Those who say the chemical may possibly cause cancer include the World Health Organization 's International Agency for Research on Cancer and the state of California , which now limits manufacturers to 29 micrograms of exposure for the average consumer per day . Foods exceeding that limit have to carry a warning label that reads : "  WARNING : This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer . " But when Consumer Reports purchased sodas in California and had them analyzed by a lab , it found that one 12-ounce serving of Pepsi One or Malta Goya exceeded the levels permitted without a warning label . Ten other brands tested by the group did meet the California standard , which is estimated to limit the risk of cancer from 4-MeI to one case in every 100,000 lifetimes of daily exposure . "  We are concerned about both the levels of 4-MeI we found in many of the soft drinks tested and the variations observed among brands , especially given the widespread consumption of these types of beverages , " said Dr. Urvashi Rangan , a Consumer Reports toxicologist , in a statement . "  There is no reason why consumers need to be exposed to this avoidable and unnecessary risk that can stem from coloring food and beverages brown . " The Food and Drug Administration does not set federal limits on 4-MeI in food , and the data gathered by Consumer Reports show that in some cases consumers outside California are drinking a slightly different ingredient . For example , Pepsi One purchased by the group in December in New York contains four times as much 4-MeI as the same product bought that same month in California . What is clean eating ? Currently the FDA has no reason to believe that 4-Mel poses a health risk to consumers at the levels found in foods with caramel coloring , agency spokeswoman Juli Putnam told CNN in an e-mail . The government agency is testing a variety of food and beverages with the chemical and reviewing safety data to determine if any regulatory action needs to be taken , she said . Consumers interested in more information on 4-Mel can check out the FDA 's FAQ page . In a statement to Consumer Reports , PepsiCo Inc. said data indicate that the average person consumes less than one-third a can of diet soda per day ; therefore , its product meets the California standard , even if a complete serving exceeds that limit . In addition to new federal standards , Consumer Reports is calling on the FDA to "  require labeling of specific caramel colors in the ingredient lists of food where it is added , so consumers can make informed choices . " "  First and foremost , consumers can rest assured that our industry 's beverages are safe , " the American Beverage Association said in a statement . "  Contrary to the conclusions of Consumer Reports , FDA has noted there is no reason at all for any health concerns , a position supported by regulatory agencies around the world . "  However , the companies that make caramel coloring for our members ' soft drinks are now producing it to contain less 4-MeI , and nationwide use of this new caramel coloring is underway . " American mom wants European M&M s	Consumer Reports warns about caramel coloring found in many soft drinks California limits manufacturers to 29 micrograms of 4-Mel exposure per day Consumer Reports says tests show two products exceeded limits without warning label The FDA is testing foods and beverages and reviewing safety data
François Hollande , the newly-inaugurated President of France , may be as notable for what he has not done as for what he has . He has never held national elective office despite being at the center of French politics for more than a decade , and he has never been married despite a three-decade relationship and four children with Ségolène Royale , another of the country 's top Socialist politicians . Hollande led the Socialist Party for 11 years and was leader when Royale ran unsuccessfully for president against Nicolas Sarkozy in 2007 . Hollande and Royale split up a month before that election , and he is now seeing journalist Valérie Trierweiler , who appeared , smiling with him , as he celebrated his victory Sunday . He immediately spooked markets , and Germany , France 's key ally in the European Union , with his victory speech . "  Austerity can no longer be something that is inevitable , " he said , apparently undercutting the belt-tightening that his predecessor and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have urged on European countries beset by debt . Hollande emerged as his party 's candidate for president after the downfall of Dominique Strauss-Kahn , who was once considered the Socialist favorite to defeat Sarkozy . But Strauss-Kahn was arrested in May 2011 after a New York hotel maid alleged that he tried to rape her . Charges against the former IMF chief were later dropped in the United States , but he has been warned he could be investigated in France over accusations he participated in a prostitution ring . But Hollande was not an accidental candidate despite the way he has come to power , one commentator said . "  He 's been preparing this campaign for 18 months now , much before DSK 's demise , " journalist Agnès Poirier said , referring to Strauss-Kahn . "  Some say that he knew , like actually many others in the party , that DSK was doomed : His colorful private life was always bound to prevent his running for president , " Poirer told CNN before the final vote . "  In that respect , he 's not a candidate by default . He 's simply a less charismatic personality than DSK and less antagonistic than Sarkozy . " Born in 1954 in the northern city of Rouen , Hollande was the son of a doctor and a social worker . He was educated at the elite Ecole Nationale d'Administration , where he met Royale in 1978 . Hollande has represented the southern Corrèze region in parliament since 1988 but has never held higher elective office than that post . The 57-year-old 's electoral appeal is built around his affability , but the candidate was dogged during the campaign by questions from even within his own party about whether he has the charisma and decisiveness to be president . Hollande said : "  There 's always a risk when the candidate becomes president : Will he deliver what is expected of him ? "  It 's a choice , it 's always an important moment for a country because it has to choose between two risks : Either you keep the candidate who is on his way out or take the new candidate that we do n't know . It 's a gamble . " But after five years of Sarkozy 's hyperactive presidency , during which time France 's economic status has taken a knock , polls suggested voters were keen for a change from the president 's flamboyancy . Before the first round of voting , former President Jacques Chirac added his support to Hollande , though Chirac was a center-right president , like Sarkozy . Chirac biographer Jean-Luc Barré told French TV channel BFM TV : "  He said last June that he will vote for François Hollande . ... He has said it a few times since and then again 10 days ago . " During the campaign , Hollande admitted that half of those who declare they will vote for him were primarily voting against Sarkozy . "  What the French want is coherence , stability and justice , " Hollande said . "  If I am in a favorable position today , it 's because my fellow citizens want to make the effort to straighten out the country , and at the same time they want it to be just and equitable -- no one left out of national solidarity and no one left out of the contributions which must be made . " To his critics that sounded as if Hollande wants to revive left-wing tax and social policies of the past , a view reinforced in the first speech of his campaign when he attacked the financial community . "  I do n't want to drive the markets crazy , I do n't want to create trouble but rather order and rules and norms . We have to struggle against financial excesses ... those who speculate with sovereign debt , those who develop financial products which have done so much harm , " he said . But given the constraints of international finance and economic structures , observers said Hollande will not really have room to maneuver to shift France radically to the left . Hollande has been criticized for declining to spell exactly what his economic policies will be , although he has pledged to increase taxes on the rich , boost social spending and create thousands of state jobs . He has also vowed to renegotiate the eurozone fiscal agreement , but analysts said Hollande will likely be a pragmatic leader . Economy : Unspoken issue in election The word one hears most often to describe Hollande 's style is "  sympa , " French slang for sympathetic , but his victory also owes a great deal to Strauss-Kahn 's misfortune .	François Hollande has never held national elective office He has never been married but has had two long-term relationships and four children Hollande emerged as a candidate after fall of ex-IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn Hollande spooked the markets by coming out against austerity in his victory speech
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A federal immigration court judge in San Francisco put a deportation proceeding on hold Friday for a gay California man who is an undocumented immigrant and married to a U.S. citizen , the couple 's attorney said . Alfonso Garcia , 35 , who came to the United States as a boy with his parents , and his husband , Brian Willingham , 37 , are petitioning the federal immigration service for legal residency based on their marriage , said attorney Lavi Soloway . The judge put Garcia 's deportation proceeding on hold while Garcia 's legal residency , or green card , application is being processed , Soloway said . The next immigration court hearing is October 25 , the attorney said . The couple lawfully married in New York and are registered domestic partners in California living in the San Francisco Bay area , but the federal immigration court does n't recognize gay marriage under the federal Defense of Marriage Act , which defines marriage as between opposite sex couples , Soloway said . The federal law is being challenged on constitutional grounds , with rulings expected this summer in federal appeals court , but the case has n't reached the U.S. Supreme Court . The couple is hoping the federal marriage law is nullified before the October 25 hearing , Soloway said . "  If they were an opposite-sex couple , we would n't have this discussion right now , " Soloway said of Garcia 's efforts to secure legal U.S. residency as a man married to a U.S. citizen . "  What this case is about is a Mexican man who was brought to the United States as a child and has lived here for 20 years , as has his whole family , " Soloway said . "  But he does n't have lawful status . " "  We have a whole campaign around this case and other cases like it , " Soloway said , referring to the Stop the Deportations campaign and its website , in which gay and lesbian bi-national couples are fighting deportation , separation and exile caused by the Defense of Marriage Act and U.S. immigration law . Garcia 's undocumented status was discovered during a routine traffic stop in July , which led to a background check , the couple said . Garcia 's parents are legal residents applying for U.S. citizenship , the attorney said . Garcia and Willingham met in October 2001 . "  As a gay American citizen , the federal government offers me zero , zilch , nada , null access to the federal rights that all married couples have , " Willingham said on the couple 's Web page . "  This is not an issue of separate but equal . There are no separate federal rights for married gay couples . There are no rights at all . This is not a front of the bus , back of the bus issue . This is the federal government telling us to get the hell off of the bus . " President Barack Obama has called for a legislative repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act , and while Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee voted last year to send a repeal to the full Senate floor , the measure is seen as having no chance of getting passed by the Republican-led House . If Garcia is deported , he will be barred from returning to the United States for 10 years , his attorney said . "  I 've spent most of my life in the United States . This country is my home , and Brian is my husband . I do n't want to lose everything we have built together and be told I ca n't come back to the U.S. for 10 years . I just want to know we can be together . I just want to know the solemn oath we made to one another will count in the eyes of the law , " Garcia said in a statement .	NEW : Deportation on hold for Alfonso Garcia , an undocumented immigrant He and Brian Willingham , 37 , were married in New York The couple says Garcia , 35 , should be allowed to stay here as the husband of U.S. citizen Defense of Marriage Act defines marriage as between opposite-sex couples
CNN  -- Ralph McQuarrie , the man credited with bringing director George Lucas ' vision for "  Star Wars " to the big screen , has died at the age of 82 . McQuarrie 's conceptual designs were the basis for some of the trilogy 's iconic characters such as Darth Vader , Chewbacca , R2-D2 and C-3PO . A statement on McQuarrie 's official website , posted after his death Saturday , said his influence on design will be felt forever . "  There 's no doubt in our hearts that centuries from now amazing spaceships will soar , future cities will rise and someone , somewhere will say ... that looks like something Ralph McQuarrie painted , " it read . Lucas said he was saddened by McQuarrie 's passing , calling him a visionary artist and a humble man . "  Ralph McQuarrie was the first person I hired to help me envision Star Wars , " Lucas said . "  His genial contribution , in the form of unequaled production paintings , propelled and inspired all of the cast and crew of the original Star Wars trilogy . "  When words could not convey my ideas , I could always point to one of Ralph 's fabulous illustrations and say , ` Do it like this . ' " McQuarrie also helped to create concept designs for the original Battlestar Galactica TV show , along with the movies "  E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial " and "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind . " McQuarrie 's conceptual work on the 1985 film , "  Cocoon , " won him the Academy Award for Visual Effects .	Ralph McQuarrie 's conceptual designs helped bring "  Star Wars " to the big screen Filmmaker George Lucas called McQuarrie a "  visionary artist " He won the Academy Award for work on the 1985 film "  Cocoon "
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate will hold its final vote on a sweeping health care bill Thursday morning under an agreement that Majority Leader Harry Reid announced Tuesday . The vote had been expected on the night of Christmas Eve due to Republican delay tactics to hold off the measure . Reid has insisted it be passed before Christmas . Reid and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , decided on a timetable to vote on the health care bill and an extension of the federal debt limit on Thursday morning . First , the Senate will hold another procedural vote on the health care bill Wednesday to set up the final vote . This procedural vote will require support from all 60 members of Reid 's Democratic caucus to overcome a Republican filibuster . The vote Thursday on final passage will need a simple majority of 51 in the 100-member chamber . Earlier Tuesday , Democrats cleared the second of the three key procedural hurdles on the sweeping $ 871 billion measure . The Senate voted 60-39 along party lines to adopt changes negotiated by Reid . The Senate also set a timetable for ending debate on the bill . Obama said Tuesday he would delay leaving for his Christmas holiday in Hawaii until the Senate holds its final vote on the bill . "  I will not leave until my friends in the Senate have completed their work , " Obama said . "  My attitude is that if they 're making these sacrifices to provide health care to all Americans , then the least I can do is be around to provide them any encouragement and last-minute help where necessary . That 's the deal . " The first procedural vote early Monday virtually ensures the bill 's final approval , but any measure the Senate passes still would have to be merged with the $ 1 trillion House version in what could be tough negotiations . "  Health care reform is not a matter of if , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said , "  health care reform now is a matter of when . " Sen. Max Baucus , D-Montana , chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , declared that "  the finish line is in sight . " "  We 're not the first to attempt such reforms , but we will be the first to succeed , " Baucus said . Republicans have mounted a fierce campaign against the bill , using procedural tricks to slow debate and casting the measure as an unnecessary government intrusion in health care that will raise costs . In remarks Tuesday on the Senate floor , Reid acknowledged the toxic political environment surrounding the nearly yearlong debate . Senators should set aside "  personal animosity , " he said . "  There 's a lot of tension in the Senate , but I would hope everyone would go back to their gentlemanly ways . ... Let 's just all try to get along . " If a combined House-Senate health care bill wins final approval from Congress and Obama signs it , the measure would be the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees since the enactment of Medicare and Medicaid more than four decades ago . The influential American Medical Association , a traditional opponent of overhauling health care , endorsed the Senate measure hours after a rare 1 a.m. Monday vote to start winding down debate . Read CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta 's take on the health care bill To Democrats , Monday 's vote signaled eventual victory on the Senate bill . "  The die is cast . It 's done , " Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , said . Watch how deals got the bill moving Compromises made to win the backing of lawmakers such as Sens. Ben Nelson , D-Nebraska , and Joe Lieberman , a Connecticut independent , enraged many liberal Democrats and threatened to undermine support for the bill . Liberal Democrats are upset with Reid 's decision to abandon a government-run public health insurance option and an expansion of Medicare to Americans as young as 55 . But top Democrats argue the Senate bill still would constitute a positive change of historic proportions . The legislation would extend health insurance coverage to more than 30 million uninsured Americans while reducing the federal deficit , according to the Congressional Budget Office . The House and Senate bills agree on a broad range of changes that could affect every American 's coverage . Among other things , they have agreed to subsidize insurance for a family of four making up to roughly $ 88,000 annually , or 400 percent of the federal poverty level . Watch how the health care overhaul could affect you They also have agreed to create health insurance exchanges designed to make it easier for small businesses , the self-employed and the unemployed to pool resources and purchase less expensive coverage . Both the House plan and the Senate bill eventually would limit total out-of-pocket expenses and prevent insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . Insurers also would be barred from charging higher premiums based on a person 's gender or medical history . However , both bills allow insurance companies to charge higher premiums for older customers . Medicaid would be significantly expanded under both proposals . The House bill would extend coverage to individuals earning up to 150 percent of the poverty level , or roughly $ 33,000 for a family of four ; the Senate plan ensures coverage to those earning up to 133 percent of the poverty level , or just more than $ 29,000 for a family of four . Major differences between the bills would be the focus of a conference committee that would try to merge them . One of the biggest divides is over how to pay for the plans . The House package is financed through a combination of a tax surcharge on wealthy Americans and Medicare spending reductions . Specifically , individuals with annual incomes more than $ 500,000 -- as well as families earning more than $ 1 million -- would face a 5.4 percent income tax surcharge . The Senate bill also cuts Medicare by roughly $ 500 billion . But instead of an income tax surcharge on the wealthy , it would impose a 40 percent tax on insurance companies providing what are called "  Cadillac " health plans valued at more than $ 8,500 for individuals and $ 23,000 for families . Proponents of the tax on high-end plans argue it 's one of the most effective ways to curb medical inflation . However , House Democrats oppose taxing such policies because it would hurt union members who traded higher salaries for more generous health benefits . The Senate bill also would hike Medicare payroll taxes on families making more than $ 250,000 ; the House bill does not . Another key sticking point is the dispute over a public option . The House plan includes a public option ; the Senate plan would instead create new nonprofit private plans overseen by the federal government . Individuals under both plans would be required to purchase coverage , but the House bill includes more stringent penalties for most of those who fail to comply . The House bill would impose a fine of up to 2.5 percent of an individual 's income . The Senate plan would require individuals to purchase health insurance coverage or face a fine of up to $ 750 or 2 percent of his or her income -- whichever is greater . Both versions include a hardship exemption for poorer Americans . iReport.com : Give your thoughts on the Senate health care bill Employers face a much stricter mandate under the House legislation , which would require companies with a payroll of more than $ 500,000 to provide insurance or pay a penalty of up to 8 percent of their payroll . The Senate bill would require companies with more than 50 employees to pay a fee of up to $ 750 per worker if any of their employees rely on government subsidies to purchase coverage . Abortion also has been a sticking point for both chambers . A late compromise with Catholic and other conservatives in the House led to the adoption of an amendment banning most abortion coverage from the public option . It would also prohibit abortion coverage in private policies available in the exchange to people receiving federal subsidies . Senate provisions , made more conservative than initially drafted to satisfy Nelson , would allow states to choose whether to ban abortion coverage in plans offered in the exchanges . Individuals purchasing plans through the exchanges would have to pay for abortion coverage out of their own funds . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Senate majority leader moves up final vote to earlier Thursday NEW : President Obama says he 'll delay leaving for holidays till Senate holds final vote Democrats clear second of three key procedural hurdles to overhaul health care Move follows Monday vote that seems to assure final passage in Senate
CNN  Another controversy has erupted from the press tour for the soon-to-be-blockbuster Marvel 's "  Avengers : Age of Ultron . " After Robert Downey Jr. walked out on an interview , his co-stars Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner found themselves in hot water Wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview . When asked by Digital Spy about the character Black Widow 's flirtations with the other superheroes , Renner responded "  She 's a slut , " and Evans , laughing , added that she is a "  complete whore . " Joking or not , fans on social media did n't take it lightly . By Thursday , both actors apologized . CNN obtained a statement from Renner saying , "  I am sorry that this tasteless joke about a fictional character offended anyone . It was not meant to be serious in any way . Just poking fun during an exhausting and tedious press tour . " Evans also released a statement : "  Yesterday we were asked about the rumors that Black Widow wanted to be in a relationship with both Hawkeye and Captain America . We answered in a very juvenile and offensive way that rightfully angered some fans . I regret it and sincerely apologize . " Many on social media accepted his apology , but thoughts on Renner were mixed . With one week left until its release , the "  Avengers " might want to steer clear of controversy from here on out .	Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner get in hot water after a joke made about "  Avengers " character Black Widow Renner called Scarlett Johansson 's character a "  slut " and Evans referred to her as a "  whore " The actors issued an apology on Thursday
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- An eighth victim of the September 9 natural gas explosion and fire in San Bruno , California , has died , according to San Mateo County Coroner Robert J. Foucralt . An autopsy is being performed on James Emil Franco , 58 , to determine the specific cause of death . Meanwhile , federal officials have turned down California 's request for federal disaster aid in the aftermath of the deadly explosion , a spokesman for the Federal Emergency Management Agency said Tuesday . "  FEMA has been in close contact with the state since the fire occurred , and based on the information they provided , it was determined that there was not a need for additional support at this time , beyond the federal assistance provided for response activities , " said FEMA spokesman Brad Carroll . A federal official told CNN the determination was based on information provided by the state , and the state can appeal within 30 days with additional information . FEMA can not duplicate benefits , whether it 's eligible insurance payments , or payments made by a responsible party , the official said . The National Transportation Safety Board investigation into the cause of the ruptured Pacific Gas & Electric pipeline is ongoing . Thirty-seven homes were destroyed in the blast just south of San Francisco .	NEW : State will not receive additional federal aid An autopsy is being performed on eighth victim 37 homes were destroyed in the blast and subsequent fire The NTSB investigation is ongoing
CNN  Warner Bros. has won a bidding war for the movie rights to "  It 's What I Do : A Photographer 's Life of Love and War , " a memoir by Lynsey Addario . Jennifer Lawrence is attached to star in a package that also includes director Steven Spielberg and producer Andrew Lazar . See more Hollywood 's 100 Favorite Films Addario is a war photographer who has spent time in war zones ranging from Afghanistan to the Congo to Somalia . She is one of the few females in a predominantly male club and was also at one point kidnapped . Wynn Wygal , an exec at Lazar 's Warners-based banner Mad Chance Productions , was instrumental in bringing in the book . This is the second major project to be thrown in development centering on a real-life figure to which Lawrence is attached . In January , she and her "  Hunger Games " director Francis Lawrence boarded "  The Dive " , the true love story of Cuban diver Francisco ` Pipin ' Ferreras and the French-born diver Audrey Mestre . Lawrence is currently shooting Joy , in which she portrays Miracle Mop inventor Joy Mangano . Spielberg , Lazar and Warners first teamed to make "  American Sniper " before Spielberg left the project over budgetary concerns . This look at war will be a take two . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	The pair are teaming up for a film based on popular memoir It 's the second bio-based project recently for Lawrence Spielberg was originally attached to "  American Sniper "
CNN  -- When Christine Mbabazi started designing clothes in her bedroom in the Rwandan capital of Kigali , she had big ambitions . Now the owner of her own store -- Christine Creative Collections -- she has even bigger plans : turning her fashion boutique into a household name . "  The brand is promoting African fabric and African designs , with my creativity , and developing it to the rest of the world , " says the young entrepreneur . Launched last March , Mbabazi 's startup produces and sells a wide variety of eye-catching fashion items , including bags , shoes and clothes . Mbabazi says Rwanda is at the very heart of her brand , so every creation in her store is handmade with locally-sourced materials . "  I love the African fabric , " she says . " -LSB- Growing up -RSB- I liked looking unique , -LSB- so -RSB- I used to cut my clothes in different ways -- I used to change them , I used to sew with my hands . It all inspired me to come up with what I have today . " Mbabazi , who is also a radio presenter , makes use of social media to reach new customers , but says she has found it difficult to convince people that traditional fabrics are acceptable in formal settings . "  My friends saw me and saw I was very unique in parties , weddings , even at work -- that 's how the word spread out . It 's still a big challenge convincing people you can go to work when you have a African fabric suit but we are still fighting those small challenges . " Her next step is to take the brand , which she calls CCC for short , out of Rwanda . "  I want to be exporting things made in Rwanda , " she says , "  so that when you are in Europe and you see something , you 're like this is from CCC . " Find out more about Mbabazi 's business and her creations in the video below . Read this : Ugandan t-shirt brand devoted to ' 100 % African-made ' Read this : Meet 12 brilliant African entrepreneurs under 22 Read this : ` Godsend ' bakery brings fresh twist to Goma life	Christine Mbabazi started making clothes in her bedroom and now owns her own store She hand makes clothes , shoes and bags using African fabric Mbabazi has plans to become a household name and sell abroad
TIME.com  -- Over the last 20 years , the number of parents sharing a bed with their infants has doubled . That revelation , published in the journal JAMA Pediatrics , concerns doctors , as in that same time , greater awareness of the dangers of bed sharing , which include sudden infant death syndrome  SIDS  , accidental suffocation , and getting trapped in bedding , have also increased . According to the survey , the percentage of infants who shared a bed with their caregivers rose from 7 % in 1993 to 14 % in 2010 . The upward trend was strongest among African-American infants ; in 1993 , 21 % co-slept with an adult , while in 2010 39 % did . The findings point to the weak penetration of public health messages urging parents to give each child her own place to sleep not just for safety reasons , but to make the transition to independent sleeping arrangements easier later on . The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that parents put babies in their own sleeping area in the parents ' room . TIME.com : Why infants should n't sleep with Mom and Dad The research , funded and conducted by the National Institutes of Health , surveyed 20,000 caregivers about their bed sharing habits . While more parents were cuddling up with their infants compared to earlier years , despite the known health risks , the researchers did discover that parents would listen to their pediatricians if they were warned about the dangers of the practice . Caregivers who believed that their family doctor did not approve of bed sharing were 34 % less likely to report co-sleeping with an infant than caregivers who did not receive such advice from their doctor . In an accompanying editorial , however , Dr. Abraham Bergman of Harborview Medical Center in Seattle argued that there is n't strong evidence to link co-sleeping arrangements with a higher risk of SIDS or suffocation . He noted that bed sharing can strengthen the bond between parents and infants , and that the practice could make breastfeeding easier for mothers .  In fact , a recent study found a strong connection between bed sharing and extended breasfeeding . More studies may be needed to tease apart the relative benefits and risks of the practice , especially since the latest data shows that co-sleeping is becoming increasingly popular with parents . This story was originally published on TIME.com	Dangers of bed sharing include SIDS , accidental suffocation , getting trapped 14 % of infants shared a bed with their caregivers in 2010 , up from 7 % in 1993 Trend is strongest among African-American infants and their parents
CNN  -- Hollywood and the Kennedy family came together Saturday with the marriage of Robert Kennedy Jr. to actress Cheryl Hines . The two wed at the Kennedy compound in Hyannis Port , Massachusetts , which captured the nation 's attention more than 50 years ago during the presidency of John F. Kennedy . "  They have wed , and it was beautiful , " Hines publicist Ann Gurrola said . Robert Kennedy Jr. is the late president 's nephew and the son of former attorney general and U.S. Sen. Robert Kennedy . The brothers were assassinated during the 1960s . The marriage is the third for Robert Kennedy Jr. . In 2012 , his then-estranged wife Mary Kennedy died of asphyxiation due to hanging in Bedford , New York . Mary and Robert Kennedy had four children together . Robert Kennedy has two children from an earlier marriage . Kennedy , 60 , is an environmental lawyer and activist . His new wife is widely recognized in Hollywood , most of all from her years playing Larry David 's wife on the former celebrated HBO show , "  Curb Your Enthusiasm . " Besides that work , the Florida-born Hines , 48 , has appeared as a regular on the TV series "  Suburgatory , " "  We Need Help " and other shows . CNN 's Matthew Carey contributed to this report .	The marriage takes place at the famous Kennedy compound on Cape Cod "  They have wed , and it was beautiful , " Hines ' publicist says It 's the third marriage for Kennedy , an environmental lawyer and activist Hines is a veteran actress best known for her role on HBO 's "  Curb Your Enthusiasm "
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced Sunday the launch of a statewide program to fund college courses in prisons , giving inmates the opportunity to earn a college degree . The program , which will begin in the fall , will offer college-level courses at 10 New York prisons -- one for each region of the state . New York has 58 state prisons , according to Matt Wing , spokesperson for Cuomo . During a news conference Sunday , Cuomo said this program is an investment in people before problems develop , rather than just paying for the damage after it occurs . It costs $ 60,000 a year to incarcerate one person and about $ 3.6 billion in total costs for prisons , with a 40 % chance of an inmate becoming a repeat offender , Wing told CNN . "  Albert Einstein had that famous definition of insanity , which is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result . But for years , my friends , we have been doing the same thing over and over , and we have little to show for it . It 's time we try something new , " Cuomo said at the news conference . Cuomo 's program is based on a privately funded model started at Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson , which provided college courses in six maximum and medium security prisons across the state . Some 500 inmates were educated and 250 received degrees , and of those only 4 % became repeat offenders . It cost $ 5,000 a year to fund one college education through the Bard program , according to Cuomo . "  The proof is in the pudding , " said the governor . But offering a funded college education to incarcerated individuals is n't exactly "  new . " Pell grants , which provide financial aid to students in need , were made available to prison inmates in the 1970s . But in 1994 , Congress passed legislation that eliminated Pell grant eligibility for inmates , and the following year , New York banned inmates from receiving state aid for in-prison education programs . "  New York state held onto a couple of small programs . But they were skeletons of what they used to be , " said former inmate Glenn Martin . Martin , 42 , grew up impoverished in Brooklyn and spent six years in state prison . While serving jail time in Attica and Wyoming correctional facilities , a correction council suggested he apply to college . "  I 've never experienced that . No one in my life had ever told me to go to college , " Martin told CNN . After two years , Martin earned a bachelor 's degree in social science from behind bars , with financial aid from a private philanthropy . Now , Martin is the founder and president of JustLeadershipUSA , an organization aimed at reducing the national prison population in half by 2030 . Martin is also the co-founder of the Education Inside Out Coalition , which seeks to return educational opportunities to incarcerated and post-incarcerated individuals . Martin said his exposure to a liberal arts education showed him how to navigate a world that he had never known how to manage growing up . Martin said a statewide initiative to fund correctional education is a "  win-win " for everyone in New York and hopes other states will catch on . "  You save money and you save lives , " he told CNN . "  You build the communities that are most impacted by crime and incarceration . "	New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo wants to give inmates the chance to earn a degree The program will offer college-level courses at 10 New York prisons this fall Cuomo on state 's current incarceration system : "  We have little to show for it "
CNN  -- McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton set the pace in Friday practice ahead of his home British Grand Prix , on a day which saw heavy rain batter the Silverstone track and left organizers with a big headache . Hamilton 's lap on one minute 56.345 seconds in the afternoon session was 0.129 seconds faster than that of Sauber 's Kamui Kobayashi , after Romain Grosjean of Lotus went fastest in the morning . "  I had some fun out there today , " the 27-year-old said in a McLaren statement . "  I got to do a good few laps too , which was good , because I was concerned that the fans would n't get to see much action . "  There were so many of them out there today . I ca n't remember seeing so many people at a racetrack on a Friday before -- it was incredible . British Formula One fans are the best in the world . "  I would like to have gone out and done even more laps -- but we simply did n't have enough tires to do that . Perhaps that 's something we can look at for the future . " But those fans were told to stay away from the famous circuit Saturday if they had been planning to use public car parks . The downpours have left these areas flooded and Silverstone managing director Richard Phillips gave this warning . "  Tomorrow there will be 20,000 to 30,000 people we wo n't be able to properly cater for . "  It 's going to cost us a lot of money . "  I unreservedly apologize to people . I feel very responsible for it , this is something I 've been very proud of over the years and I almost could cry now . " Tires take center stage in Formula One Over 40 millimeters of rain has fallen in 12 hours and made conditions treacherous for the drivers , with Bruno Senna smashing into the wall after losing control of his Williams midway through the second session . Two-time world champion and current title leader Fernando Alonso also lost his front wing after clipping the barriers . "  Unfortunately we did n't have a very productive day in the end , " the 28-year-old Senna said in a Williams press release . "  The weather was poor weather with puddles on the track during second practice . On my second run , I aquaplaned on some deep water at the high speed Becketts section of the track and from that point I was a passenger until the car hit the wall . "  It was quite a heavy accident but I am ok . There is a lot of damage to the car but the Williams team will , I 'm sure , do a great job of getting it back into shape for tomorrow  Saturday  . " Red Bull 's reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel , currently fourth in the 2012 standings , bemoaned the wet conditions . Regulations limiting the number of wet and intermediate tires teams can use combined with the weather meant most of the action was restricted to the second half of the afternoon session . "  If there 's too much standing water on track we ca n't go out , as we aquaplane pretty quickly , " Vettel , who finished second in last year 's race , told the sport 's official website . "  I think Senna went off and it shows how quickly it can happen . It 's a real shame for the fans sitting in the grandstands waiting for the cars to come out . I feel for them . "  We got in a bit of running in the end , but for us it 's not so useful , as you ca n't really try anything in these conditions . I think weather will be the most important factor in determining the rest of the weekend . " The teams will return to the track for practice and final qualifying Saturday ahead of Sunday 's ninth grand prix of the year .	McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton tops rain-soaked British GP practice Williams ' Bruno Senna crashes out at Silverstone after losing control of his car Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso loses his front wing due to collision with the wall Organizers tell some fans to stay away from Saturday qualifying
SARAJEVO , Bosnia-Herzegovina  CNN  -- Richard Holbrooke first visited Bosnia in 1992 as a private citizen . Richard Holbrooke 's ` bombs for peace ' policy was vindicated when bombings brought an end to the war . Three years later , he would become one of the most influential U.S. figures working to end a war that had introduced a new euphemism for genocide : ethnic cleansing . Holbrooke , who had worked as a diplomat , journalist and investment banker , was intrigued , disgusted and challenged by what he saw in the early days of the war in Bosnia . A month before his first visit , reporters had learned of Bosnian Serb concentration camps where Muslim prisoners were tortured , sexually mutilated and executed . The news photographs and footage seemed like an echo of the Holocaust . In the ethnically mixed capital , Sarajevo , Holbrooke saw Bosnian Serb forces laying siege to the city to drive out Muslims . U.N. peacekeepers even had to negotiate with the aggressors just to truck food into the starving city . In Banja Luka , Holbrooke saw Muslim families being forced to sign over their property to Bosnian Serbs -- Orthodox Christians -- in exchange for their lives and a one-way bus ticket out of town . Returning with CNN Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour in 2008 , Holbrooke remembered feeling the connection with his own family history : His Jewish grandfather fled Germany shortly after Hitler took power . "  I thought I 'm seeing a color remake of the black and white scenes we 'd seen in World War II of Jews signing away their property at the point of a gun and then being shipped off to who knows where , " Holbrooke said . "  I do n't think you have to be Jewish to understand that what you 're seeing was a genuine crime against humanity . The Europeans were doing nothing , and the Americans were doing less . " Watch as Holbrooke talks with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour at the scene of the crime " Holbrooke thought only a U.S.-led intervention would stop the slaughter . "  The -LSB- Bosnian -RSB- Serbs would have melted away because they were thugs and bullies , " he said . But the White House was vowing to stay out . "  The United States is not going to inject itself into every single crisis , no matter how heart-rending , " then-President George H.W. Bush said . Holbrooke , who had served President Jimmy Carter as an assistant secretary of state , offered his recommendation to Bill Clinton 's advisers during the 1992 presidential campaign : Direct use of force against the Bosnian Serbs . "  I took a stand that I believed was correct , " Holbrooke said . "  I did n't think it was so controversial . " When Clinton embraced a get-tough policy , Holbrooke was optimistic . In the back of Holbrooke 's mind , there was a lingering question : "  Will he do as president what he said he would do as a candidate ? " Watch Clinton 's campaign pledge " Holbrooke wanted to handle Bosnia for the Clinton administration . But after the election , Holbrooke -- the consummate insider -- found himself on the outside . Instead of getting the Bosnia portfolio , he was named U.S. ambassador to Germany . "  By advocating vigorous action -LSB- in Bosnia -RSB- , I was kind of marginalized by people inside the government who were less in favor of vigorous action , " he told Amanpour . America 's European allies opposed airstrikes , fearing retaliation against their peacekeepers on the ground . Clinton 's national security adviser , Anthony Lake , told CNN that the Europeans "  were , to put it mildly , extremely reluctant to see us pursue unilaterally any actions which could imperil their troops . " Lake said the president 's hands were tied . "  We tried to convince them . And the Europeans said , ` Absolutely no . ' " Over the course of the next year , Clinton was able to persuade his European allies to at least use limited air strikes against the Bosnia Serbs . But it did n't stop the killing . Under mounting criticism in the press , Clinton asked Holbrooke in May 1994 to leave his post in Germany and return to the White House to help with Bosnia . But Holbrooke and others in the administration who advocated force would nonetheless see Bosnia 's Muslims endure another 15 months of heartbreak and death -- including the slaughter of 8,000 at Srebrenica . Watch as a Bosnian concentration camp survivor describes the torture and rape she witnessed " The massacre shook the world 's conscience -- and Clinton 's foreign policy . He was now ready to lead , with or without approval from other nations . "  What I said to the Europeans was , ` We 're going to do this . And it 'll work best if you come with us , ' " Lake recalled . After a Serb mortar attack on a Sarajevo market in August 1995 , Clinton pulled the trigger . With the Europeans on board , U.S. and allied planes began attacking Bosnian Serb positions . After eight weeks of NATO bombing , Holbrooke got enough concessions to negotiate an end to 3 1/2 years of war . It was vindication for a policy Holbrooke calls "  bombs for peace . " "  I do n't like to advocate the use of force , -LSB- because -RSB- I know people will get killed , " Holbrooke said . "  But there are times when you have to use force in order to stop people from being killed in larger numbers , and it seemed to me this was a clear-cut example . "	Richard Holbrooke first went to Bosnia in 1992 in the early days of the war The former diplomat recommended using U.S. force against the Bosnian Serbs He watched as Bosnia 's Muslims suffered years of heartbreak and death In 1995 , after weeks of NATO bombing , Holbrooke negotiated an end to the war
The Syrian civil war has birthed rebel groups across a wide ideological and geographic spectrum . Some are nationalists bent on liberating their country from a ruthless regime . Others view the conflict as a springboard to a global jihad . A number are active only in their home province , while others are present throughout the country . A closer look at Syrian rebel units illustrates the balance of forces on the battlefield . In examining these groups , it is clear that those allied with the United States have become increasingly marginalized by jihadists and Salafists , who are the most powerful players in the revolution . The Free Syrian Army The Free Syrian Army  FSA  was created by Col. Riyad al-Asad in July 2011 and is supported by Western nations . Today it is led by Gen. Salim Idriss . More a loosely linked umbrella organization than a cohesive fighting force with a hierarchical chain of command , the organization welcomes everyone . In December 2012 , donor nations brokered the creation of a Supreme Military Council  SMC  , hoping it could unify the disparate ranks , but it has failed to do so . Syrian-based commanders remain disobedient , illustrating the tenuous influence of exiled FSA leaders . These officers , located in Jordan and Turkey , are nationalists who emphasize respecting the rights of all Syrians . Local leaders inside Syria are far less tolerant . After meeting with Idriss in May , U.S. Sen. John McCain issued a statement : "  General Idriss and his fighters share many of our interests and values . " Washington has provided nonlethal aid , but promised weapons have not materialized . The FSA is active in every Syrian province and reportedly has 80,000 men under Idriss ' control . Nevertheless , the FSA is plagued by a high level of attrition . Fighters seeking a more cohesive structure and stronger ideology desert to Islamist units . Others leave for better-funded brigades . Moderate Islamists Moderate Islamist groups identify with the ideology of the Muslim Brotherhood . These groups aspire to replace the secular canon with Islamic law , curtail individual freedoms , and subordinate minorities . They have coalesced around the Syrian Islamic Liberation Front  SILF  , a 19-faction alliance established in September 2012 , whose leader boasted it has more than 40,000 fighters . It comprises some of the largest units in Syria , including the Tawhid Brigade , the most powerful group in the northern province of Aleppo . In Damascus , the coalition 's key group is Liwa al-Islam . It has captured sophisticated surface-to-air missiles . The SILF also includes the Faruq Brigades , a dominant unit in the central province of Homs . One of its members made headlines when a video surfaced of him eating an organ of a regime soldier . Moderate Islamists cooperate with the FSA and participate in joint operations . They communicate with Western governments but receive no aid from them . Salafists Salafists are puritanical Muslims who seek to return the Islamic community to the first three generations following its birth . They shun modernism and Western influence , and espouse a literalist and uncompromising reading of canonical texts . They have promoted a vitriolic sectarian discourse depicting the ruling Alawi minority as heretics meriting death , and have targeted Alawi civilians . Eleven Salafist groups joined forces in December 2012 to create the Syrian Islamic Front  SIF  . They include Ahrar al-Sham -- one of the most powerful rebel brigades , active in several provinces from Latakia to al-Raqqa ; and al-Haqq Brigade in Homs . Members say the organization has more than 30,000 fighters , including some foreigners , but mostly Syrians . The SIF has shunned suicide bombing but uses car bombs to target regime forces . Though its platform is vague , it constantly references the integral role of Islam in Syria 's future , but declares "  our course is the centrist and moderate course , far from exceeding the proper bounds of religion . " As proof , it offers ambiguous assurances to minorities . The SIF asserts that its conflict is limited to Syria . Salafist brigades cooperate with all other rebel units . They work with Western journalists but eschew their governments . Jihadists Though jihadists associated with al-Qaeda were latecomers , they are now the most powerful groups on the battlefield . Jabhat al-Nusra was created in January 2012 . The group was composed of Syrians who fought in Iraq while it was under American rule . Jabhat al-Nusra pioneered the use of suicide bombing , targeting both civilian and military targets . In April , al-Qaeda 's Iraqi affiliate created a new organization called the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . It quickly absorbed many Jabhat al-Nusra units . ISIS has a presence in almost every Syrian province . The Emigrants and Helpers Army , another jihadist group , is led by Abu Umar the Chechnyan . Its members are largely drawn from the Caucasus region . American intelligence organizations believe there are more than 6,000 foreign jihadists , including Westerners , in Syria . They have killed Alawi civilians , kidnapped Westerners and attacked other brigades . They control key infrastructure , such as dams and oil installations . ISIS wants to use the Syrian conflict as a platform to destabilize neighboring countries . As jihadists grow in strength , they have sidelined other brigades , and captured their bases and weapons . Nevertheless , they cooperate with rebel groups across the ideological spectrum . FSA criminal outfits As consolidation occurs within the rebel ranks , Free Syrian Army units that dabble in criminal activity are increasingly being squeezed . In Aleppo , smugglers created the Asifa al-Shamal Brigade . The group earned hefty fees controlling the Bab al-Salama border crossing . But its criminal activities led other units to break up its monopoly . Recently it was forced to relinquish partial control of Bab al-Salama , and ISIS has taken over many of its checkpoints . The Aleppo-based Ghuraba al-Sham , another brigade whose leaders have criminal roots , has seen a similar decline . As the FSA has lost ground , jihadists and Salafists have gradually become the most important actors in the Syrian revolution . And an American strike against the regime will only make them stronger .	Barak Barfi : Syria 's civil war has spawned rebel groups across wide spectrum of ideology He says the Free Syrian Army , most aligned with values of West , lacks cohesion He says moderate Islamist grade into stricter groups Salafists , jihadists with severe tactics Barfi : FSA has lost ground ; if U.S. strikes regime , jihadists , Salafists will grow stronger
CNN  -- Yemen says al Qaeda was behind a suicide bombing Sunday that killed four South Korean tourists , according to the Daily Yemen Post . The city of Shibam is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . The explosion Sunday evening in the city of Shibam also wounded three other tourists , said Hakim Almasmari , editor-in-chief of the English-language newspaper . Almasmari told CNN Monday that Yemen 's Interior Ministry is blaming al Qaeda . CNN could not immediately reach the Yemeni government for confirmation . The bomb was very strong and could be heard some 4 kilometers  2.5 miles  away from the site , in the Al-Qubah district of Shibam , which is in Hadramot province , Almasmari said . The nationalities of the three injured people were not immediately known . The tourists were taking pictures of Shibam at sunset , Almasmari said . The old walled city is a United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  UNESCO  World Heritage Site ; sunset is the best time to take pictures of it , he said . CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	Yemen says al Qaeda behind bombing that killed 4 tourists , according to local press Four fatalities were South Korean citizens ; nationalities of injured unknown Suicide blast occurred Sunday in city of Shibam , a UNESCO World Heritage Site
CNN  -- Despite government claims of a ceasefire , gunmen believed to be Boko Haram fighters attacked two villages and a town near the border with Niger , killing at least 8 and kidnapping others , residents told CNN Saturday . Boko Haram has not yet responded to the government 's announcement Thursday of a ceasefire , which an official said heralded peace in the country after some five years of conflict with the Islamic extremist group . In one attack , militants ambushed travelers in the Borno state village of Shaffa , residents of the area said , killing eight people and abducting others . Boko Haram gunmen also stormed the village of Waga in Adamawa state , abducting a number of residents , including women , residents there told CNN . Insurgents also occupied the town of Abadam , near Niger , after killing an unknown number of residents in their attack , residents said . Nigerian officials said Friday that the government had reached a ceasefire agreement with Boko Haram , which has been waging an insurgency in the country 's north since 2009 . The deal , the government said , includes the release of more than 200 kidnapped girls whose abduction from their boarding school shocked the world in April . The deal , first reported by Agence France-Presse , came Thursday night after a month of negotiations with representatives of the group , said Hassan Tukur , principal secretary to President Goodluck Jonathan . Nigerian officials met with Boko Haram in Chad twice during talks mediated by Chadian President Idriss Deby , according to Tukur . "  We have agreed on the release of the Chibok schoolgirls , and we expect to conclude on that at our next meeting with the group 's representative next week in Chad , " Tukur said . Doyin Okupe , a government spokesman , said the ceasefire deal was meant not only to free the girls but also to end the insurgency . "  On the war front , we can say there is peace now , " he said Friday . What is Boko Haram ? A source involved in talks with the militants told CNN last month that Nigerian government officials and the International Committee of the Red Cross had discussions with Boko Haram about swapping imprisoned members of the group for the more than 200 schoolgirls . It is unclear , however , whether the deal includes a prisoner swap . The name "  Boko Haram " translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language . The militant group is trying to impose strict Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . As part of its insurgency , the militant group has bombed schools , churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders alike . Where are the missing girls ? CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	At least 8 killed in attacks on two villages near border with Niger Boko Haram has n't responded to government 's ceasefire announcement Government said deal includes release of more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls Agreement was reached Thursday after talks in Chad
CNN  -- The son of an infamous CIA double agent who is himself accused of spying was released from jail Friday in Portland , Oregon , pending trial after a federal judge ruled he did not pose a flight risk . Nathaniel Nicholson , son of an infamous CIA double agent , faces his own spying charges . Judge Anna J. Brown ordered that Nathaniel Nicholson , 24 , can be freed provided he stay with family , not leave Oregon without permission from authorities and wear a GPS monitoring device . Brown also ordered that he not have any contact with his father , the admitted spy Harold James "  Jim " Nicholson . The elder Nicholson pleaded guilty in 1997 to spying for Russia and is the highest ranking CIA officer ever to be sentenced for espionage . While serving a 23-year prison sentence , prosecutors allege , Jim Nicholson , 58 , restarted his career as a double agent and enlisted his son Nathaniel in his efforts to collect money owed to him by the Russian spy services and to sell more secrets . Both father and son were charged in January with acting as agents of a foreign government , money laundering and conspiracy to commit money laundering . They have pleaded not guilty . Court appointed lawyers representing the men did not return CNN 's calls for comment According to the indictment , Nathaniel Nicholson made trips to California , Mexico , Peru and Cyprus , where he met with Russian government representatives who gave him payments totaling over $ 35,000 in cash . At his father 's request , Nathaniel Nicholson allegedly shared the money with his sister and grandparents . Nathaniel Nicholson had complained to his father that he and his sister were short of money to pay for college , prosecutors said . Jim Nicholson told his son that his alleged spying activities "  were ` risky ' but not ` illegal , ' " the indictment said . According to court testimony , Nathaniel Nicholson , who is a former U.S. Army paratrooper , initially told authorities that he had traveled overseas to visit "  a battle buddy . " The FBI agents informed Nicholson that lying to them was a federal crime and offered him a "  mulligan , " or a chance to change his story , according to the agent 's testimony . At that point , FBI special agent John Cooney testified , Nicholson became more "  forthcoming " about his meetings with Russians . If convicted , Jim and Nathaniel Nicholson could face up to 20 years in jail .	Nathaniel Nicholson , son of a CIA double agent , faces spying charges A Portland , Oregon , judge releases him from jail , pending trial His father , Jim Nicholson , pleaded guilty in 1997 to spying for Russia While in prison , father allegedly enlisted son to help continue spy services
CNN  -- The World Cup -- the greatest show on earth . After over 800 games , hundreds of goals and endless hours of tension , the 32 teams who have qualified for the tournament will discover their fate on December 6 when the draw for the Group Stage of the competition is made in Brazil . All eight former champions will be present but no European side has ever won the competition in South America . The tournament will start in Sao Paulo on 12 June 2014 , with the final in Rio de Janeiro on 13 July . CNN has compiled all the important numbers that you need to know . 0 -- number of times that Bosnia-Herzegovina has played in the World Cup . The nation , which gained independence in 1992 , won eight out of its 10 qualifying matches to win Group G. 5 -- number of times Brazil has won the tournament . 12 -- games in the 2014 World Cup will be played in 12 Brazilian cities : Belo Horizonte , Brasilia , Cuiaba , Curitiba , Fortaleza , Manaus , Natal , Porto Alegre , Recife , Rio de Janeiro , Salvador and Sao Paulo . 36 -- highest tally of goals scored in qualifying by Germany and New Caledonia . 59 -- current world ranking of Cameroon , which is hoping to become the first African team to win the tournament . Cameroon , which reached the quarterfinals in 1998 , is the lowest ranked side to make it through qualifying . 86 -- The age of Alcides Ghiggia , the man who netted the winning goal for Uruguay against Brazil in the 1950 World Cup final . 145 -- number of goals scored at last tournament , the lowest of any World Cup since the competition moved to a 64-game format . 245 -- different television channels showed the 2010 World Cup final between Spain and the Netherlands . 990 -- cheapest tickets for the final cost $ 440 while the most expensive are $ 990 . 2,898 -- yellow cards shown by referees during the qualifying campaign . 3,000 -- number of miles separating the northern city of Boa Vista and the southern city of Porto Alegre . 18,449 -- number of volunteers who worked at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . 390,600 -- hot dogs were sold at official venues in South Africa four years ago . 750,000 -- liters of beer sold inside stadiums at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . 1 million -- trees which cover the famous Lago de Patos  Ducks Lagoon  in Porto Alegre -- a venue for the World Cup . 2.4 million -- residents in Belo Horizonte -- the city which will host Argentina 's training base . 6.15 million -- ticket requests made during the first phase of ticket sales -- more than 70 % of those from Brazil . 317 million -- population of the U.S -- the largest population of any qualifier . 3.2 billion -- people worldwide who watched the 2010 World Cup -- 46.4 percent of the world .	The 2014 World Cup will take place in Brazil 32 teams from across the world will compete for the biggest prize in world football All eight former winners have qualified for the tournament Bosnia is the only country making its debut at the World Cup
CNN  -- Barcelona 's unbeaten record in La Liga was dramatically ended on Saturday as they slumped to a shock 3-2 defeat at Real Sociedad . Tito Vilanova 's side were two goals up inside the first half hour thanks to strikes from Lionel Messi  7th minute  and Pedro  25th minute  and looked to be on course for another routine three points . But five minutes before the break , Uruguayan winger Gonzalo Castro halved the deficit and when Barca 's Gerard Pique was shown his second yellow card in the 56th minute the home side took full toll of the numerical advantage . Six minutes later , Castro found the target again to level the scores and to set up a tense finale which concluded in dramatic fashion when striker Imanol Agirretxe stabbed home from close range in injury time . The defeat brings the curtain down on a sensational run of results for the Catalans who , until Saturday , had amassed 55 points from a possible 57 -- Real Madrid the only team to take points off them this season with a 2-2 draw at the Nou Camp in October . Second-placed Atletico Madrid can close the gap on Barcelona to eight points if they beat Levante on Sunday . Elsewhere in La Liga , Getafe and Sevilla drew 1-1 while struggling Granada beat sixth-placed Rayo Vallecano 2-0 . Meanwhile in Serie A , league leaders Juventus recorded an emphatic 4-0 win against Udinese . Paul Pogba scored two memorable goals as the reigning champions moved five points clear at the top of the table . The 19-year-old French forward unleashed an unstoppable 35-yard strike in the 41st minute before netting again in the 66th minute with another long-range effort . Mirko Vucinic added a third six minutes later before substitute Alessandro Matri completed the rout with ten minutes remaining . Second-placed Lazio , who were also in action on Saturday , could only draw 2-2 away at relegation-threatened Palermo .	Barcelona slump to first league defeat of the season losing 3-2 at Real Sociedad Defeat ends unbeaten league run which saw Tito Vilanova 's side amass 55 points from possible 57 In Serie A , Paul Pogba stars for Juventus in 4-0 win over Udinese ; Second-place Lazio draw at Palermo
CNN  -- A Navy SEAL killed in a parachute training accident this week in Arizona belonged to the same elite squad that includes those chosen to go after Osama bin Laden in Pakistan two years ago , a source familiar with the matter said . It was the second deadly military training accident in as many weeks and the third notable one in the United States since February . The other two killed 14 Marines combined in a mortar explosion and a helicopter collision . The latest incident occurred around 12:30 p.m. local time on Thursday in a rugged part of the U.S. Special Operations Command facility at Pinal Airpark , military officials said on Friday . Two sailors were undergoing a free-fall routine before opening their parachutes , a Navy official said in a statement , which added it was a normal exercise to maintain readiness . One died from his injuries and another remained in stable condition on Friday at the University of Arizona Medical Center in Tucson , the Navy said . It did not identify either and the accident is under investigation . Lt. Cmdr. David McKinney , a spokesman for the Naval Special Warfare Command , did not reveal specifics but said the sailor who died "  was assigned to an East Coast-based Naval Special Warfare unit . " A source with knowledge of matter said he was part of SEAL Team Six , members of which mounted the May 2011 operation that killed the al Qaeda leader in a third-floor bedroom of his compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan . It was not clear whether or not he took part in the bin Laden mission . The sailor who was injured was also a SEAL , the source said . But it was not clear whether he was part of the same East Coast group . The incident followed another on March 18 in which seven Marines were killed when a round detonated inside a motar tube during a training exercise at Hawthorne Army Depot in western Nevada , a military commander said at the time . On February 22 , another seven Marines were killed in a midair collision of two military helicopters along the Arizona-California border , officials said . The crash occurred during routine training operations . Authorities launched an investigation . CNN 's Chris Lawrence and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The incident occurred during a "  normal " parachute exercise , the Navy said Source : The late SEAL belonged to the same elite squad that went after Osama bin Laden , source Unclear , however , whether that SEAL was on 2011 Pakistan raid Fourteen Marines killed in two other training accidents recently in the United States
Washington  CNN  -- Inside the marble walls at the Supreme Court , the last days of June are called the "  flood season , " a frantic push to finish its work for the summer . The stakes are especially high this term , with rulings on two major issues left to be announced . What the justices decide in the next week or so could fundamentally change lives and legacies on a range of politically explosive issues . On Monday , the court sidestepped a sweeping decision on the use of race-conscious school admission policies , ruling on the criteria at the University of Texas and whether they violate the equal protection rights of some white applicants . The justices threw the case back to the lower courts for further review . That leaves two high-profile issues with rulings still to be announced : -- Same-sex marriage : A pair of appeals testing whether gays and lesbian couples have a fundamental constitutional right to wed. . -- Voting rights : The future of the Voting Rights Act , and continued federal oversight of elections in states with a past history of discrimination . "  It 's almost unimaginable the number of things that the Supreme Court is going to decide that will affect all Americans , " said Thomas Goldstein , a top Washington attorney and publisher of SCOTUSblog.com . "  What would surprise me this term is if the court upheld ... the  enforcement tool behind the  Voting Rights Act . And I think it would be a big surprise if the court did anything radical when it came to same-sex marriage -- either saying there was a constitutional right to it , or rejecting that claim outright and forever . I think that 's something they 're going to try and tread that middle ground path . " The court will not say precisely when these hot-button opinions will be released , but it could wrap its work by Thursday . Depending on how long it takes the justices to finish up , that internal deadline might slide into early July . Veterans of forgotten voting war count the cost Oral arguments have ended for the term , and the justices have already secretly voted on the pending cases . Individual justices have been assigned to write one or more opinions , as well as separate dissents . Only they and their law clerks know how this will end . And no one is talking -- continuing an unbroken tradition of discretion rare in leak-loving Washington . "  At the Supreme Court , those who know , do n't talk . And those who talk , do n't know , " Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has said , echoing similar comments from her colleagues . The high court holds fast to an unofficial but self-imposed deadline to have all draft opinions finished by June 1 . They are circulated to colleagues , and subsequent dissents and concurrences must be submitted by June 15 . Nothing is final until the decision is released to the public . Votes can and do change at the last minute . Justices and their law clerks are holed up in chambers , working overtime to frame and craft the final opinions , making sure every fact , every footnote , every legal theory is fully checked and articulated . The nine members know they are writing their legacies with these issues . The outcome may be disputed , but the constitutional reasoning -- at least in the justices ' own minds -- must be sound . "  Getting themselves organized , identifying the different majorities , getting opinions written and circulated in dissents and concurrencies will really test their capabilities in the final days , " Goldstein said . The opinion-writing exercise is little-known , and the court likes it that way . Predicting the outcome is a time-honored Washington parlor game , but rarely consistently successful . There has been particularly intense focus on the same-sex marriage cases . Thousands of activists rallied at the court when the case was argued in March . Fast facts : Top U.S. Supreme Court decisions At issue : -- Federal benefits . The Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA , is a 1996 law saying that , for federal purposes , marriage is defined as only between one man and one woman . That means federal tax , Social Security , pension , and bankruptcy benefits , family medical leave protections -- and a thousand more such provisions -- do not apply to gay and lesbian couples . Edie Windsor , an 84-year-old New York woman , is the key plaintiff in the DOMA fight . She was forced to pay more than $ 363,000 in extra estate taxes after the death of her longtime spouse , Thea Spyer . -- State referendums . The California high court had earlier concluded same-sex marriage is legal , but the 2008 voter-approved Proposition 8 abolished it . The U.S. Supreme Court is being asked to establish same-sex marriage as a constitutional right , but it could instead decide a more narrow question : whether a state , through referendum , can revoke that right once it has been recognized . The political , social , and legal stakes of this long-simmering debate will once again put the high court at the center of national attention , as it was in last summer 's ruling upholding most of the massive health care reform law championed by President Barack Obama . Nine states now allow gays and lesbians to legally wed : Connecticut , Iowa , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New York , Vermont , and Washington , as well as the District of Columbia . Delaware , Rhode Island and Minnesota recently passed laws that take effect this summer . It is estimated about 120,000 legally married gay and lesbian couples live in the United States . Opinion : Bring voting into the digital age There is division within the ranks of both sides about whether the court will -- and should -- issue a sweeping ruling on the constitutional "  equal protection " question . Some activists and politicians -- even some justices themselves -- think the elected branches may be in a better position to drive the same-sex marriage issue , not the courts . Voters in three states last November approved same-sex marriage , marking the first time the ballot was used to approve such unions . California is the only state to allow and then revoke same-sex marriage . "  This is a conservative court -- conservative ideologically and conservative in the sense that they like to take baby steps , and it seems very unlikely that they would make some big radical move requiring all states to recognize same-sex marriages , " Goldstein said . "  They are much more likely to do something a little more modest . The other thing about them is that they do n't want to be on the wrong side of history . It seems pretty clear where this is going , with a much broader recognition of same-sex marriage , and so the justices do n't want to call that into question when the country is headed in that direction . " In fact , the court has set itself up to "  punt " on both Proposition 8 and DOMA , avoiding for now consideration of the constitutional questions . Such a "  legal letdown " could turn on "  standing , " or the legal authority or eligibility of those involved in the lawsuit to argue the case . California 's governor has refused to defend Proposition 8 in court , leaving a coalition of private groups to step in . Can they satisfy court scrutiny by establishing they would suffer tangible harm if the lower court ruling stands ? The justices could also "  DIG " it , that is , have the case "  dismissed as improvidently granted . " Basically , the justices would be saying they should not have taken the Proposition 8 appeal in the first place . Justice Sonia Sotomayor at the March oral argument suggested as much : "  If the issue is letting the states experiment and letting the society have more time to figure out its direction , why is taking a case now the answer ? " Some of her conservative colleagues seemed to agree as well . The difference between rejecting the case on standing or DIG grounds would be important . A DIG would be likely to mean lower court rulings striking down Proposition 8 would hold , allowing California gay and lesbian couples to marry if they chose . How quickly that would happen is unclear because further legal challenges could be filed . But a "  standing " ruling would likely nullify everything , perhaps forcing both sides to start all over again in the lower courts , and limiting the reach of gay marriage to perhaps only a few California counties . Another statewide referendum , likely to be held next year , could finally settle the matter . Recent polls show growing support for same-sex marriage in California , reflecting a trend nationwide . Scenarios , terminology key in prepping for same-sex court ruling DOMA has its own sticky procedural questions . Obama now supports gay marriage , and has refused to defend the 1996 federal law . That has left House Republicans as the official parties in support of DOMA . So the court could also dismiss that case on standing grounds . Most legal analysts , however , expect a more substantive ruling , one based on DOMA 's merits . Picking winners and losers at this stage is a subjective , even partisan , exercise . The court itself will be both cheered and vilified however it rules . But as an institution , it has survived similar crises of confidence over its discretionary authority in rulings involving slavery , racial integration , corporate power , abortion -- even Bush v. Gore . Reaction to these big cases will be swift and furious from the professional punditry and halls of government . Some individual Americans stand to gain from the decisions , while others could be hurt financially and emotionally . All of this is entrusted in the hands of nine judges . The Supreme Court usually gets the last word in these matters , regardless of who disagrees with the decisions . Justice Robert Jackson , on the court from 1941 to 1954 , put it this way : "  We are not final because we are infallible , but we are infallible only because we are final . "	Rulings on two major issues are among those remaining to be announced The cases include a pair of appeals testing the right to same-sex marriage Two other cases involve the future of the Voting Rights Act and oversight of some elections The justices have already secretly voted on the pending cases
London , England -- The CNN World Sport team have had their vote -- now it is time to have yours ; as the decade draws to a close , which sport people would you place in a top 10 of achievers from the last 10 years ? It is a tough call to select the cream of the Noughties ' crop , especially in a decade of enthralling sporting achievement , but after much thought , discussion and deliberation the World Sport team have had their say . The top 10 of Tiger Woods , Roger Federer , Michael Phelps , Michael Schumacher , Usain Bolt , Serena Williams , Lance Armstrong , Annika Sorenstam , Kobe Bryant and David Beckham / Zinedine Zidane hold few surprises for sport aficionados , but what of those who did not make the final cut ? Valentino Rossi and Sebastien Loeb dominated MotoGP and the World Rally Championship in the same vein as Schumacher ruled over Formula One since the turn of the century , yet they are left from the top 10 . Similarly , though Bolt 's smashing of the 100 and 200 meter men 's world records was spectacular , who could say the athletic success of Ethiopian distance runner Kenenisa Bekele and Russian pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva were less deserving of admiration . And though some sports are more international than others , is it right that careers such as those of cricketers Shane Warne and Muttiah Muralitharan , American football 's Tom Brady or baseball slugger Barry Bonds have been overlooked in the final analysis ? A surprise too maybe that soccer , despite its global popularity and its wealth of star names  Lionel Messi , Samuel Eto'o , Paolo Maldini , Ronaldinho and Ryan Giggs  , secured only the last place in the official list . Criticism aside , however , some of the selections have been met with the approval of authoritative names from the world of sport . In a recent panel discussion with Laureus World Sport Academy members Sean Fitzpatrick , Sebastian Coe , Boris Becker and Michael Johnson , Johnson told CNN anchor Pedro Pinto that Bolt was worthy of his place : "  When you look at Usain Bolt , when he first broke the 100 meter record , it was only the fourth time he raced at that distance . He still has a lot to improve on , but he is extraordinary . Every so often you have an athlete that comes along who is more naturally gifted than the rest of the field . " Becker also added that it was right for Federer to appear prominently in the list : "  After already winning 13 grand slams most tennis players would have been happy , but he went onto to win his first French Open title in 2009 before winning at Wimbledon again . "  I 've played against  Jimmy  Connors ,  John  McEnroe ,  Bjorn  Borg ,  Ivan  Lendl ,  Andre  Agassi and  Pete  Sampras -- and it is amazing to be around someone like Federer who is rewriting all of the records set by these men , " Becker added . Let us know your selection of the top 10 sport people of the decade by adding a comment at the bottom of the page .	The CNN World Sport team have had their vote -- now it is time to have yours ! As the decade draws to a close , who would you choose as the best sports people from the last 10 years ? Tiger Woods , Roger Federer and Michael Phelps make the top three respectively as chosen by the World Sport team
CNN  Sen. Marco Rubio had only kind words for potential Republican presidential rivals Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney on Wednesday , but he argued if he runs he 'll have better credentials to offer than the two former governors . "  I believe that the central obligation of the federal government ... is providing for the national security , " he said during a breakfast briefing for reporters hosted by the Christian Science Monitor . "  The next President of the United States needs to be someone who has a clear vision of American 's role in the world . " "  For governors that 's going to be a challenge , at least initially , " Rubio added , "  since they do n't deal with foreign policy on a daily basis . " The argument offers an early look at what the Florida senator 's primary pitch would be if he does decide to make a play for the White House in 2016 . As a member of the Senate Foreign Relations and Intelligence Committees , Rubio has been an outspoken critic of Obama 's foreign policy , and most recently took the lead in opposing the President 's move to thaw diplomatic relations with Cuba . And with the GOP primary field shaping up to include potentially a dozen prominent Republicans , Rubio 's foreign policy experience could potentially offer him a needed boost to break away from the pack . But on Wednesday he refrained from taking any hits at his potential opponents , calling Bush "  a very credible candidate " and defending Romney against critics who say he ran a gaffe-prone and lackluster campaign in 2012 . "  I do n't necessarily think there were flaws in that candidacy , " he said . "  I think oftentimes , we forget that in these campaigns , 90 percent of the outcome is determined by the blocking and tackling of politics . And I think the Obama campaign was a superior campaign operation . " He said , however , he 's got the support of his family if he wants to run , and he 's "  down to the last decision ... the fundamental one . " "  And that is , where is the best place for me to serve the country at this time in my life , at this time in my career ? " This weekend could bring some clarity to that decision , when his top aides and donors huddle in Miami Beach to discuss the senator 's future . Rubio 's made one thing abundantly clear , however , and he repeated it Wednesday : He wo n't try to run for both reelection to the Senate and for president at the same time . "  If I decide that I want to be president of the United States , that 's what I 'm going to run for , " Rubio said . "  If I decide to make that decision , it will not be with the intention of looking for a Plan B if it does n't work out . "	Marco Rubio praised Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney , but argued governors do n't have the foreign policy chops needed for the White House He said he 'll choose between running for the White House or reelection Rubio might have some clarity on the decision during his weekend confab with donors and strategists
WIRED  -- iTunes 10.5.1 is now available , and with it comes iTunes Match , Apple 's cloud-based music subscription service . For $ 25 a year , Match drops any track you purchase from iTunes directly into Apple 's iCloud . Songs are saved to the cloud automatically , so there 's no need to download the song from iTunes separately on each of your iDevices . iTunes Match also takes care of songs that were n't purchased from iTunes . The service scans all the songs in your library , and if it finds a match in the iTunes store , you do n't need to upload that song yourself -- instead it uses the 256Kbps AAC DRM-free copy that Apple already has in iTunes . And if it does n't find a version of the song in your library , it 'll upload your version . iTunes Match is limited to 25,000 songs , and can work with up to 10 different devices . iTunes Match has been available exclusively for developers since late August , and was supposed to land by the end of October . To get iTunes Match , just upgrade your iTunes version to 10.5.1 , click the iTunes Match link on the iTunes Store page , and sign up using your Apple ID and your favorite credit card . Depending on the size of your collection , the initial scanning and uploading process could take a few hours . Registration availability is currently a bit spotty as users flock to download iTunes Match , so you may get a message  like in the screenshot above  that tells you new iTunes Match subscriptions are unavailable , and to check back in an hour or two . Via GigaOM Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	For $ 25 a year , Match drops any track from iTunes directly into Apple 's iCloud Service scans all the songs in your library to find a match in the iTunes store iTunes Match limited to 25,000 songs , works with up to 10 different devices
CNN  -- Japan 's defense minister has ordered two destroyers to help fight piracy in the waters off Somalia , officials with the defense ministry told CNN . Pirates are caught on camera off the Somalian coast . The Maritime Self-Defense Force destroyers will be dispatched Saturday , the defense ministry said . The order , which the Cabinet approved earlier Friday , marks the first policing action for the MSDF , whose major missions overseas have focused on background support such as transport and refueling , Japan 's Kyodo news agency said . A bill approved on the same day allows the MSDF to be deployed in piracy-infested waters as needed . The move comes after Somali pirates released a Panamanian-flagged , Japanese-owned vessel that was hijacked in the Gulf of Aden in November , according to a non-governmental group that monitors piracy . The ship was released last month . The 18 Filipino and five South Korean crew members were reportedly unharmed . It was unclear whether the pirates were paid a ransom to release the ship . Japan Defense Minister Yasukazu Hamada said the provision would be used on an interim basis , the news agency reported . Two destroyers with about 400 personnel and eight coast guard officers will be aboard the ships , whose escort mission will start in early April after about three weeks of sailing toward Somalia , according to the news agency .	The order marks the first policing action for the MSDF Mission will start in early April after about three weeks of sailing Move comes after Somali pirates hijacked Japan-owned vessel in November
CNN  -- A silent , invisible battle is being fought against roadside bombs in Iraq . Though the military does n't like to advertise their use , electronic jamming systems are playing a key role in neutralizing the threat . Smoke billows from tires of a U.S. military truck hit by an IED near the Iraqi-Syrian border in October 2005 . "  Any weapon we had against IEDs , -LSB- improvised explosive devices -RSB- was utilized including jamming technology , " said Jason Spencer , 29 , an Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , engineer who served with the Army in Iraq in 2005 . Vehicle mounted electronic jammers attempt to block a signal going to a radio-controlled IED . The military also uses portable backpack jammers . "  The sophistication of IEDs definitely increased during my time in Iraq , " said Spencer . "  There was a definite increase in remote detonation . " A signal going to a remote-controlled IED operates on a radio or infrared frequency . Jamming devices , known as Counter Radio Controlled Improvised Explosive Device Electronic Warfare , or CREW systems , attempt to intercept or block a signal before it reaches its intended target , preventing detonation . One common method is barrage jamming , which knocks out a broad range of radio signals . However , it also knocks out communications used by U.S. troops putting them at increased risk . "  Ideally what you want to be able to do is have something that can grab very precise signals , capture the signals and render them irrelevant without knocking out your own communication , " said CNN military analyst retired Army Brig. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks . These technologies represent the last line of defense , Marks said . "  We do n't want to give our potential enemies an understanding of what we are doing to counter their efforts , " he said . Along with jammers , troops use air surveillance , robots , blast-resistant vehicles and mine rollers as countermeasures . See counter-IED technologies in Iraq " IEDs are the No. 1 source of U.S. and alllied casualties in Iraq , according to the Department of Defense . From July 2003 to July 2007 , 1,565 coalition forces were killed by IEDs , according to iCasualties.org . See the casualty toll inflicted by IEDs " "  We dealt with hundreds of IEDs while in theater , " said Spencer . "  IEDs were always on our minds during every patrol . " Spencer says IEDs come in a variety of shapes and sizes . "  From a simple mortar round on the side of the road with a fuse and a wire running to a push-button , to complex explosives poured into concrete  shaped like curbs  with remote detonators and booby traps . " Most roadside bombs are remotely detonated using common household devices : cell phones , garage door openers , burglar alarms , key fobs , doorbells , or remote controls for toy cars . Learn more about the IED threat " "  Our enemy hides in plain sight . He buys his bomb parts in stores . It 's standard commerce , " said Marks . U.S. forces are dealing with an adaptive , innovative and flexible enemy , according to the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization , or JIEDDO , which is leading the counter-IED effort for the military . As insurgents modify their devices to outwit the military , the military in turn adapts its own jamming technologies . Many companies have been tapped to supply jammers to coalition forces . JIEDDO is interested in technologies that can be used in the field within two to eight months -- "  light speed " in Defense Department terms . The Army 's main CREW system is the Warlock Duke , a vehicle - mounted radio jammer developed by Syracuse Research Corporation . It 's capable of jamming most radio-controlled IEDs , according to the Pentagon . The Navy , which oversees the CREW program , contracted BAE Systems to produce 3,800 wearable jammers to be fielded in Afghanistan and Iraq in 2008 . Canadian firm Med-Eng is building jammers for the Marines , reports military contractor General Dynamics . By the end of 2007 , JIEDDO will have funded more than 30,000 jammers for Marine and Army units . They have spent $ 1.6 billion on jamming technology for this fiscal year . "  This gear saves lives every day , " wrote retired Gen. Montgomery Meigs , director of the Joint IED Defeat Organization , in a column titled "  On the Offensive : The Battle Against IEDs . " One in six IEDs causes casualties in Iraq , JIEDDO reports . To remain effective the enemy "  must expose himself more and take higher risks to do his ugly work , " Meigs said . In January , the Government Accounting Office launched a review of JIEDDO and its efforts to counter IEDs . The Defense Science Board criticized the agency for focusing too much on defensive countermeasures "  to which the enemy quickly adapts , making these efforts less effective , " in an April 2006 report . JIEDDO is fully cooperating with the GAO , said Col. Dewey Ford , director of strategic communications for JIEDDO . He added that Congress has long supported eliminating the IED threat . JIEDDO said it is aggressively going after the bomb makers , working to destroy their networks . The agency acknowledges that the mission wo n't be achieved merely by technical means . "  The best way to counter the IED threat is through understanding the network that allows an IED to even be assembled , " said Marks , who supports JIEDDO 's work . "  I 'd rather have the guy who is going to put that IED in place get killed long before he 's even part of the network . And I do n't want him to know how I found him out because I want to find out where all his buddies are and kill them too . " E-mail to a friend	Counter-IED technologies are troops ' last line of defense in Iraq Signal jammers used to block an IED from detonating Enemy is adaptive , innovative and flexible Best way to combat insurgents -- go after the bomb makers
