CNN  -- Thai prosecutors were poised to issue an arrest warrant Tuesday for the grandson of the creator of the Red Bull energy drink who failed to appear in court this week over a fatal hit-and-run case that sparked nationwide anger . Prosecutors allege Vorayuth Yoovidhaya , 28 , was behind the wheel of his Ferrari on September 3 , 2012 , when it collided with an on-duty policeman on a motorbike in downtown Bangkok . He is charged with reckless driving causing death , speeding and failing to stop following an accident . Thai police told CNN that Yoovidhaya 's lawyer had informed prosecutors his client was in Singapore receiving medical treatment for a bout of influenza he contracted while on a business trip and would not be in Thailand for his scheduled court hearing . Thai prosecutor Ruecha Krairiksh said his no-show meant that the speeding charges would lapse but the more serious charges of reckless driving and failing to stop would still apply . The reckless driving charges carry a maximum penalty of 10 years in jail under Thai law . "  We ca n't indict him because the suspect is not present . This means the statute of limitations for speeding will expire because the incident occurred on September 3 , 2012 , " Mr Ruesha told The Nation newspaper . He said he would ask the court to withhold bail because of his failure to present himself in court and for postponing meetings with prosecutors . His case provoked outrage in Thailand last year with online forums denouncing the Thai justice system for its perceived leniency towards defendants with money and connections . An alleged attempt to cover up the crime -- which involved police arresting a suspect who pretended to be driving his Ferrari at the time of the incident -- led to the suspension of a police officer and sparked even more outrage . Yoovidhaya also allegedly paid the family of the victim Thai baht 3 million  $ 97,000  in a bid to stall a civil lawsuit , police said . The defendant is the grandson of the Chaleo Yoovidhya who formulated an energy drink called Krathing Daeng , or Red Bull , that first became popular with Thai workmen . He teamed up with Austrian Dietrich Mateschitz in 1987 and together they built an international drinks brand . According to Forbes magazine , the Yoovidhya empire is worth $ 7.8 billion , making them the fourth richest family in Thailand . Chaleo died in March 2012 , leaving his heirs a vast estate based on his 49 % stake in the iconic drinks brand , as well as interests in hospitals , real estate and sports teams .	Thai prosecutors poised to issue an arrest warrant for Vorayuth Yoovidhaya Red Bull heir accused of reckless driving in hit-and-run accident involving a policeman Lawyers say Yoovidhaya is currently in Singapore receiving medical treatment The case sparked outrage last year with online forums taking aim at the Thai justice system
ISTANBUL , Turkey -- Nearly two months ago , President Obama embarked on a two-day , two-city charm offensive in Turkey , a predominantly Muslim country and NATO military ally whose people give the United States abysmal approval ratings . President Obama listens at a town hall-style meeting in Istanbul , Turkey , in April . The American president toured a mosque , laid a wreath at the grave of the founder of the Turkish republic , and announced before the Turkish parliament that "  the United States is not and will never be at war with Islam . " Did Obama 's new brand of diplomacy work ? Could 48 hours of handshakes , speeches and smiles turn around Turkish public opinion ? After all , in 2007 , only 9 percent of Turks polled by the Pew Research Center held favorable views of America , the lowest level among 47 countries surveyed . If 24-year old Ece Basaran is any indicator , Obama succeeded beyond expectations . After attending a town hall-style meeting with the American president during his visit to Istanbul last April , Basaran and a group of her friends started up a Turkish-American friendship club at her university . "  I get positive feedback because everybody around me likes Obama , " Basaran said , while taking a break from preparing for final exams at Istanbul 's Bahcesehir University this week . Basaran said that as recently as last year , the United States was unpopular among fellow students and friends , but added that "  after Obama , it seems popular . At least the negative image began to fade away . " Officials and commentators in both Turkey and the United States are also calling Obama 's first presidential visit to a Muslim country a positive step . "  At the moment , he 's doing the right thing , " said Suat Kiniklioglu , a member of the Turkish parliament . "  His first task was to remedy the situation of America wielding a big stick for the last eight years . " "  President Obama 's visit and recent policy initiatives have managed to dispel some of the pervasive suspicion in U.S.-Turkish relations -- no small achievement , " said Ian Lesser of the German Marshall Fund , testifying before the House Foreign Affairs Committee last month . But , he added , "  much remains to be done . " There are strong indications that words alone will not be enough to transform years of deep suspicion many Turks feel towards the United States , particularly after the long , widely unpopular war in neighboring Iraq . According to a recent poll published by academics at Bahcesehir University , 43 percent of Turks said they would not like to live next door to American neighbors . In a phone interview this week , Osman Solmaz , another of the Turkish students chosen to attend the town hall meeting with Obama , said that in his hometown , the southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir , "  the majority of the people have prejudice against the United States . " "  Nobody agrees with America 's foreign policy , " said Sertac Yakin , a university student from Ankara who also attended the Istanbul meeting in April . "  To change public opinion in Turkey is a long-term affair , " argued Kemal Koprulu , the founder of Ari Movement , an Istanbul-based nongovernmental organization that focuses on promoting youth participation in civil society . "  There is no way that the election of a president and several nice statements from a State Department spokesman will change dramatically the public opinion in Turkey . " Koprulu argued that his organization has documented alarmingly high levels of anti-Americanism and anti-Westernism among young Turks . He pointed out that at a recent academic conference at one of Turkey 's most progressive universities in Istanbul , he witnessed audience members give a five-minute standing ovation to a Turkish speaker who "  slammed America " in front of a panel of visiting U.S. officials . The White House does appear to have made some progress in patching up damaged relations with the powerful Turkish military . Top Turkish army generals did not attend an important bilateral conference in the United States last year , following American criticism of Turkey 's cross-border military offensive against Kurdish PKK rebels in Northern Iraq . This year , the Turkish military chief of staff was among the key speakers attending the conference . But Gen. Ilker Basbug reportedly told the audience of dignitaries in Washington this week that the ongoing presence of PKK rebels in Northern Iraq continues to have a negative impact on Turkish-U.S. relations . Many Turks say they are still waiting to see to whether the Obama White House 's change in tone will translate to a change in the U.S. government 's deeply unpopular foreign policy in the Middle East . They highlighted America 's strong support for Israel over the Palestinians , and the ongoing conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  I believe -LSB- Obama -RSB- understands the importance of the Islamic world , " said Abdurrahman Dilipak , a columnist at Vakit , Turkey 's most conservative newspaper . "  We will monitor his stance . He makes promises yet we have to see how he will act . Muslims are still treated as terrorists when they arrive in the U.S. " That wait-and-see attitude was even reflected by Basaran , the enthusiastically pro-American student who helped found a Turkish-American friendship club at her university . "  Because Obama has the -LSB- Muslim -RSB- name Hussein , people really love it , " Basaran said . "  I think he 's the most favorite U.S. president among Muslim people . But we 'll see . " Yesim Borg in Istanbul contributed to this report .	Poll says only 9 percent of Turks had positive view of U.S. in 2007 Iraq war , foreign policy of Bush administration among the reasons , Ivan Watson says President Obama tried to change those sentiments during April trip to Turkey Some Turks say Obama 's won them over ; others wait and see , Watson reports
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Bond was set at $ 23 million Wednesday for a Los Angeles elementary school teacher who allegedly took bondage photos of more than two dozen students in his classroom -- $ 1 million for each of the 23 counts he faces of lewd acts on a child . The 400 photographs collected by investigators include some showing suspected semen-filled spoons at the children 's mouths , a sheriff 's investigator said . Mark Berndt , 61 , appeared briefly before a Los Angeles judge for his initial court appearance Wednesday morning , represented by a court-appointed public defender . His next court appearance was set for February 21 . Authorities arrested Berndt at his home Monday , and charged him with the 23 felony counts . "  I feel for those parents and for those babies -- those helpless babies , " Wanda Mosley , a resident who lives near Miramonte Elementary School , told CNN affiliate KABC . The chilling accusations were a stunning betrayal for many parents . "  I 'm angry . I 'm disgusted . I 'm sad , " Kimberly Kirklin told the station . The probe started when a film processor gave investigators "  over 40 photographs depicting children in a school classroom , with their eyes blindfolded and mouths covered with tape , " a Los Angeles County Sheriff 's statement said . "  Investigators learned that some of the photos depicted suspect Mark Berndt with his arm around the children , or with his hand over their mouths , " it said . Some photos show female students with "  what appeared to be a blue plastic spoon , filled with an unknown clear/white liquid substance , up to their mouths as if they were going to ingest the substance , " the statement said . Other photos showed "  children with large live Madagascar-type cockroaches on their faces and mouths , " it said . Investigators , who interviewed more than 80 current and former students and school employees , identified 23 boys and girls then between the ages of 7 and 10 years old as alleged victims in crimes that are believed to have been committed between 2005 and 2010 , it said . The young students "  did n't realize they were victimized , " sheriff 's Sgt. Dan Scott said . "  They thought they were being blindfolded and gagged as a game , " he said . "  And they were rewarded with cookies or spoons full of sugar  but  they did not realize the spoon contained semen . " The photographs also showed "  a large 3-inch cockroach that would crawl on their face , " Scott said . A search of Berndt 's home found more than 100 more similar photographs depicting children and a video depicting adult sexual "  bondage " activity "  which mirrored the bondage-type photos of the children , " investigators said . The film processor later gave investigators an additional 250 photographs , authorities said . About 10 children seen in the more than 400 images have not yet been identified , they said . The investigation began more than a year ago , officials said . "  Early in the investigation , Special Victims Bureau detectives recovered a blue plastic spoon and an empty container from the trash within the suspect 's classroom , " the sheriff 's statement said . "  The recovered items tested positive for semen . " The arrest came soon after lab testing matched Berndt 's DNA with semen found on the spoon , Scott said . Investigators did not reveal the contents of the fluid to the children or tell them that the case involved child molestation allegations , he said . The 30-year teaching veteran was removed from his job at the south Los Angeles on January 7 , 2011 , the day the sheriff 's department told the school district about the investigation , Los Angeles School Superintendent John Deasy said . "  I am sickened and horrified by the behavior of Mark Berndt . This individual and his conduct do not reflect on the quality of the teachers who work so hard on behalf of the students in the Los Angeles Unified School District , " Deasy said in a written statement . CNN was not able to identify or reach Berndt 's lawyer until Wednesday 's initial hearing . A neighbor who identified himself as "  John " to CNN affiliates told KTLA that he had known Berndt for years . "  I said ` My God , he 's been kind of freaky all these years I 've known him . The way he talks and moves . I said , ` I 'm not surprised . ' " CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	NEW : A public defender represents Mark Berndt , a 30-year teaching vet The chilling accusations are a stunning betrayal for many parents Officials : The children were told they were playing a game About 10 kids seen in the more than 400 images have yet to be identified
CNN  -- Yuriy Krocha 's three children have a lot of questions about the situation in Ukraine . His youngest daughter , 8 , pointed to a world map a couple of days ago and asked , "  Papa , Russia is so big . Why does it need our small peninsula ? " Krocha , 42 , and his family live in Simferopol , the regional capital of Crimea , Ukraine . Soldiers without national insignias -- but whom everyone presumes to be Russian -- started showing up on Thursday , he said . That day , Krocha said he got a call from his children 's school to take them , because teachers were afraid to let them go on their own , and they had to stay at home Friday . The downtown was blocked by police from Thursday until Sunday , Krocha said . It felt surreal , he said . "  I was afraid , but I prayed to God . " Russian forces have surrounded 10 Ukrainian military bases -- 16,000 troops in the past week , according to Ukrainian officials . No fighting or loss of life has been reported , but Crimean citizens such as Krocha are nervous about what will happen next . Many ethnic Russians live in Crimea , where support for Russia is strong . Part of Russia 's navy -- the Russian Black Sea Fleet -- has a base in Crimea 's city of Sevastopol that has been there for 230 years . Krocha is a Russian-speaking Ukrainian and his wife is Russian . This week their children are back in school , and the streets are open again . In that respect , life has returned to normal , but having Russian troops present is "  not OK , " Krocha said . Not far from the parliament , soldiers are stationed in and outside of armored cars on one side of the street , Krocha said . He sees no reason for them and it 's unclear to him what the troops are protecting . Meanwhile , Krocha has noticed gas prices rise some 25 % over the last 10 days , and many foods have become more expensive too . A local market was out of two kinds of rice , canned meat and other products yesterday , he said . "  There was panic and people tried to buy much more than they usually buy , " he said . Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said at an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting Monday that his country 's aims were preserving democracy , protecting millions of Russians in Ukraine and stopping radical extremists . He said ousted President Viktor Yanukovych remains Ukraine 's elected leader and has asked Russia to send troops . Other diplomats at the meeting asked for the withdrawal of Russian troops and called for a mediation to resolve the crisis . Ukraine crisis : Russia stands firm despite rebukes , threats of sanctions Russian President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday his military is n't planning to seize the Crimean peninsula . Any action would "  only be to protect local people , " he said . Ukraine looks for ` sign of hope ' from Russia over Crimea In the coastal Ukrainian city of Yalta , Alex Shiroki has n't seen any firsthand evidence of a Russian invasion , but remains "  gloomy " about the uncertain situation . Shiroki has seen no Russian troops , protests , or other abnormal sightings in connection with the situation this week . When Yanukovych fled on February 22 , supermarket shelves were sparse for two or three days , but they were currently stocked , and prices did not appear to be rising , he said His friends tell him that in Sevastopol , about a 52-mile drive away on the peninsula , there are soldiers standing around doing nothing . Shiroki can only speculate about what that means . "  For me , it seems like big talks are going  on  behind our backs , " he said . "  That 's why the troops are doing nothing , because they have no order . They do n't want to start a war themselves maybe . I do n't know . Maybe everyone 's waiting for talks to end , for some decision to be made . " He worries about being cut off from gas , electricity or Internet . More philosophically , he said he does n't want to live in a Russian region under Russian power . "  The worst feeling is that I feel unsure about what will be tomorrow , " he said . "  My thoughts are : This wo n't end fast . This invasion , this Russian position , wo n't be resolved in a month . Not even in two months I think . " Shiroki , 35 , was born in Crimea , while Ukraine was still part of the Soviet Union . The region is mostly Russian-speaking , with people preferring Russian movies and news , he said . "  Here in Crimea it 's hard to identify your nationality , " he said . Shiroki 's family , also living in Yalta , is divided . His aging father says he is n't afraid of anything . One sister tells Shiroki they should think about how to get out if the situation becomes deadly . The other sister completely supports Russia . "  I ca n't even talk to her because she turns very aggressive if I criticize Russian ways , " Shiroki said . Most people he knows over 30 seem to support Russia , while younger people do not , he said . Regardless of opinion , lots of people are talking about the situation most of the day , he said . If living in Yalta becomes dangerous , Shiroki said he will try to find a way out , and perhaps go to Poland . Krocha does n't want to leave Simferopol , where he is a minister in a church . He feels responsible for staying and helping people there . He might reconsider if war breaks out , but for now , he says , "  It 's my calling to be here . " But his children want to know : If Crimea becomes part of Russia , will we move ? What if there is war ? Krocha told his daughter that Russia has not taken Crimea yet , and hopes it will not happen . "  We hope that it will stay in Ukraine , and we will not have to move from this place where we all were born , " he said . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark . Diana Magnay , Phil Black , Thom Patterson , Ben Wedeman , Tom Watkins , Catherine E. Shoichet , Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Susanna Capelouto contributed to this report .	A Crimean resident has observed gas , food price increases He said downtown Simferopol streets were closed Thursday to Sunday In Yalta , resident reports no sightings of troops
CNN  -- Manchester City thrashed Sunderland 5-0 to keep alive their slim English Premier League title hopes and to cement their position in the top four Champions League places . England international Adam Johnson , making his first start since injuring his ankle in January , opened the scoring in the ninth minute while captain Carlos Tevez doubled the Blues ' advantage on the quarter hour from the penalty spot . Second-half strikes from David Silva , Patrick Vieira and Yaya Toure completed the rout as City went above reigning champions Chelsea into third in the standings . They are six points clear of fifth-placed Tottenham , who pipped them for the final Champions League place last season , but have played a game more . Leaders Manchester United have a seven-point lead over Arsenal , who have played a game less , with their neighbors City 10 points adrift . The strikes from Johnson , who exchanged passes with Toure before finishing neatly , and Tevez , who was fouled by Michael Turner to draw the penalty , effectively ended the match as a contest with City always in command against a Sunderland side in poor recent form . Silva scored after a Mario Balotelli shot was blocked , Vieira with his first touch after coming off the bench and Toure after an error by Sunderland captain Lee Cattermole . City 's Dutch international Nigel de Jong said the result was important for their Champions League ambitions . "  There are still seven games to go and anything can happen but this is a great confidence boost for our team -- we are real contenders for the Champions League places . " he told Sky Sports . In Italy 's Serie A , Uruguay striker Edinson Cavani scored a hat-trick as Napoli came back from 2-0 and 3-2 down to beat Lazio 4-3 to move into second . They trail leaders AC Milan by just three points after their 3-0 derby victory over reigning champions Inter Milan , who are now third , five points adrift , on Saturday night . Goals from Stefano Mauri and Andre Dias gave Lazio a two-goal lead before Andrea Dossena and Cavani , with his first , drew Napoli level in a thriller . A Salvatore Aronica own goal put the visitors back in front but Cavani , from the penalty spot , equalized and then grabbed a superb winner for Walter Mazzarri 's team . Lazio finished with 10-men as Giuseppe Biava after was sent off in giving away the penalty . Cavani tried his best to shrug off title talk after their superb win . "  We try to win every game and to do our best and the points will be counted up at the end of the season , " he told Sky Sport Italia . Defeat for Lazio dents their Champions League hopes as they stay outside of the top four in Italy . In Spain 's La Liga , second half penalties from Mali international Freddy Kanoute and Spanish striker Alvaro Negredo helped Sevilla to a 3-1 home win over strugglers Real Zaragoza . The victory sees them move to fifth in the standings . Diego Perotti had put Sevilla ahead on 43 minutes only for giant Czech Jiri Jarosik to level two minutes after the break .	Manchester City thrash Sunderland 5-0 to move into third place in Premier League Fit-again Adam Johnson opens scoring for City at Eastlands Edinson Cavani scores hat-trick as Napoli go second in Serie A with 4-3 win over Lazio Sevilla beat Real Zaragoza 3-1 to go fifth in Spain 's La Liga
OPRAH.com  -- My orthopedic surgeon took a few Pringle-like bone shards out of my knee this summer . I made a good recovery , and at our knee-review appointment I asked him if I could go back to playing tennis . "  Well , " he said , "  that depends on whether you have your mother 's knees or your father 's knees . " My father played doubles until he was 80 ; my mother suffered so from arthritis and stenosis that she spent her last years shuffling with a walker . I peered at my legs . The general shape was my mother 's , but I did n't know to whom my knee joints really belonged . "  You 'll find out , " the doc said cheerfully . This is what it comes to , in middle age . What do you have that you 're stuck with and what do you have that may prove useful and how much room to grow and change and mitigate will you give yourself ? When I was around 10 , I had an ongoing fantasy of my grown-up life . I lived in a white farmhouse on a hill . Every room was filled with books , and my beautiful English sheepdog , Sydney , lay on the living room window seat . There was no drooling and no shedding . There was also no visible or audible husband , although I had a couple of cute , nearly silent babies . The house was immaculate , and no one did any housework . In real life , my parents also had a lot of books , and the resemblance ended there . Forty years later , I have a nice house -- not as pretty as the one I imagined because I had not , at 10 , figured on mortgages , recessions , and the cost of college tuitions -- and no dog , and no wish for a dog . The children are still cute , even beautiful , and grown and rarely silent , and my husband is visible and talkative and not at all what I expected . So , what now ? Just as I once saw a life that was as close to Not-My-Parents as possible , I see a future in which my parents ' habits and strengths and weaknesses poke up determinedly like weeds through the sidewalk of the next ten years . Oprah.com : The one thing every parent wants I hope I wind up with my father 's cheerful , if impenetrable , view of himself . My father thought , until the day he died , that the way he was , was just fine . Unable to read the newspaper 's small print and memory failing ? My father declared that as many people got older , they became less interested in world affairs , and he was one of those people . He found it harder to walk around and harder to hear , so he improved his relationship with Bev , his aide at the assisted living facility , and decided he was tired of the dining room hubbub . He said -- and he knew -- that he had been a lucky and successful man who made his life as he wished it to be and refused to feel diminished by the losses of old age . I 'd like that staunch satisfaction , for me . I would not like his inability to sustain relationships -- for the relationship gene , I turn to my mother . My mother had friends from the third grade . When she was maybe 70 , we were walking up Madison Avenue and a man about her age hailed us from across the street . "  Dellie Cohen ! James Madison High ! " She did n't really remember him , but he remembered her . They caught up . "  Everyone loved your mother , " he said . "  They still do . "  "  Ma , " I said later , "  you were the rock star of James Madison High ! " She smiled . My mother had weekly conversations with at least six friends . She went on vacations and all-girl getaways about twice a year . She wrote long , fond letters to her grandchildren , bought things that I did n't need and foisted them on me regularly , and kept up with everyone who mattered to her -- in a meaningful way -- for 80 years . I would like that for me , too . Neither of my parents complained about their physical health or other problems , and I am hoping to copy that as well . But there are other ancestral traits I have to watch out for , and I can sometimes feel their ivy twining around me . All my aunts , and my mother , began dyeing their hair as soon as it had more than a sprinkle of gray , and I do , too . But I check in with my daughters , regularly , to make sure that I have not followed in the suddenly-ash-blonde delusion that my mother was so fond of . Most important , my parents were not , for much of their marriage , happy with each other . Even when I was 10 , and even with their dance trophies , I could see that . Their troubles led me to a too-early marriage and a painful divorce , but they have also led me to a very happy marriage -- and a couples therapist on retainer . Oprah.com : 5 ways to make anyone like you The past is one of our clearest indicators of the future . Everything I saw in my parents -- the good and the bad -- has given me something . I am cursed with my mother 's arthritis but blessed with my father 's stamina ; his toughness , her kindness . So , ten years from now : no tennis and no whining . Still working , still loving my friends and family . Still dancing  thanks , Daddy , for teaching me the cha-cha  . By Amy Bloom from O , The Oprah Magazine © 2010 Amy Bloom 's most recent book is "  Where the God of Love Hangs Out "  Random House  , a collection of short stories . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Author : As a child , she saw a life that was as close to "  Not-My-Parents " as possible Now at middle age , Amy Bloom wants the good partns of both her parents She wants her father 's cheerful view of himself that he kept until the day he died Also wants her mother 's ability to sustain close , long-term relationships
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Like many people who have done their time in Haiti , Gary Garner needs a good cry . In the past five days , the Salt Lake City , Utah , physician has held a dying man in his arms and amputated more fingers and toes than he can remember . Now , he needs a rest . Friday found him on the tarmac at the Port-au-Prince airport , searching for a way back to a normal life . "  We 're going to go home and cry , " Garner said in a low voice . Then quietly , gently , with the suffering showing in his eyes as he looks away , he starts to cry . The pain ca n't wait for home . Full coverage | Twitter updates Elizabeth Bellino could n't wait either . The New Orleans , Louisiana , pediatrician sat in her car Friday and wept because doctors at another nation 's hospital would not accept a truckload of food and water from her . Nor would they let her pick up patients to take back to the University of Miami field hospital , where she 's been volunteering this week . "  It 's so frustrating , " Bellino said afterward . "  Why would they do that ? " There 's much crying in Haiti . There 's certain to be more once caregivers and others get home . For now , though , the work continues . iReport : List of missing , found | Are you there ? Bellino had an increasing patient load at the hospital , located in a dusty field adjacent to the Aeroport International Toussaint L'Ouverture . A 5.9-magnitude aftershock Wednesday had given her new patients . Even though Garner was trying to figure out how to get home , he still kept tending to patients being brought to a landing zone in three private helicopters . Those helicopters belong to Utah businessman Jeremy Johnson , who offered to take a medical team to Haiti after last week 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake killed tens of thousands and injured thousands more . Garner was a last-minute addition to a team put together by financial adviser Craig Nelson , a neighbor in Utah . Nelson had been to Haiti on a Mormon mission 20 years ago , along with Steve Hansen and Chuck Peterson , now both Utah physicians . When Nelson heard about the earthquake , he decided they needed to go . Hansen and Peterson readily agreed . They were dropped off Monday at the coastal city of Leogane , nearly 20 miles  30 kilometers  west of Port-au-Prince . The city was at the epicenter of last week 's earthquake , and some reports say up to 90 percent of Leogane 's buildings were damaged or destroyed . Impact Your World The U.S. doctors were among the first caregivers to arrive and were later joined by teams from Cuba , Germany , Canada and other nations . Unlike what happened to Bellino in Port-au-Prince , everyone got along fine in Leogane . "  It was like the United Nations of medical work , " said Nelson . "  There were no nationalities , " Garner said . They treated about 300 patients . The medicine was often rudimentary because of a lack of supplies . One doctor used a Leatherman tool to amputate a man 's lower leg . Doctors also used a rack from the back of a bicycle as a makeshift orthopedic splint , screwing it into the patient 's leg bones . The days were long , bleeding deep into the night . Sleep lasted three or four hours . "  We worked until our headlamps ran out of batteries and then people would bring us batteries , " Garner said . "  You can sleep when you 're dead , " he said . "  And I 'll have plenty of time to sleep this weekend . " And , no doubt , have a good cry or two .	Doctor from Utah looks for way home after 5 days of volunteering Another volunteer frustrated by lack of cooperation from another country 's doctors Both have been too busy seeing patients to cry over what they 've seen
CNN  -- What harm does it do ? That 's the challenge the casino industry puts to its critics . A new report by the Institute for American Values presents the answer . Until the late 1980s , casino gambling was illegal almost everywhere in the country . Today , casinos are allowed in 23 states . These newly authorized casinos are not Las Vegas-style grand hotels . Their customers come from nearby . They do n't stay overnight . They do n't watch a show or eat in a fine restaurant . Perhaps most surprisingly : they do n't play cards . Modern casino gambling is computer gambling . The typical casino gambler sits at a computer screen , enters a credit card and enters a digital environment carefully constructed to keep them playing until all their available money has been extracted . Small "  wins " are administered at the most psychologically effective intervals , but the math is remorseless : the longer you play , the more you lose . The industry as a whole targets precisely those who can least afford to lose and earns most of its living from people for whom gambling has become an addiction . The IAV report cites a Canadian study that finds that the 75 % of casino customers who play only occasionally provide only 4 % of casino revenues . It 's the problem gambler who keeps the casino in business . Slot machine payouts vary state by state . Some states set a required minimum : 83 % in Arkansas , for example . Others leave that decision up to the casino , as in Georgia and California . Some states require casinos to disclose their payouts . In others , that information is kept confidential . Based on what is published , however , it 's a fair generalization that a player can expect to lose 10 % to 15 % of his or her stake at every session . The cheaper the game , the lower the payout : slots that charge $ 5 per round pay better than slots that charge a penny . When New Jersey allowed casinos into Atlantic City back in 1977 , casino advocates promised that gambling would revive the town 's fading economy . The casinos did create jobs as promised . But merchants who expected foot traffic to return to the city 's main street , Atlantic Avenue , were sorely disappointed . The money that comes to the casinos , stays in the casinos . Liquor stores and cash-for-gold outlets now line the city 's once-premier retail strip . The impact of casinos on local property values is "  unambiguously " negative , according to the National Association of Realtors . Casinos do not revive local economies . They act as parasites upon them . Communities located within 10 miles of a casino exhibit double the rate of problem gambling . Unsurprisingly , such communities also suffer higher rates of home foreclosure and other forms of economic distress and domestic violence . The Institute for American Values is sometimes described as a socially conservative group , but with important caveats . Its president , David Blankenhorn , has publicly endorsed same-sex marriage , and its board of directors is chaired by Bill Galston , a former policy adviser to Bill Clinton . The IAV is as worried that casinos aggravate income inequality as by their negative impact on family stability . Before the spread of casino gambling , the IAV comments , the typical gambler was more affluent than average : it cost money to travel to Las Vegas . That 's no longer true . Low-income workers and retirees provide the bulk of the customers for the modern casino industry . And because that industry becomes an important source of government revenue , the decision to allow casino gambling is a decision to shift the cost of government from the richer to the poorer , and , within the poor , to a subset of vulnerable people with addiction problems . From the IAV study : "  Modern slot machines are highly addictive because they get into people 's heads as well as their wallets . They engineer the psychological experience of being in the ` zone ' - a trance-like state that numbs feeling and blots out time/space . For some heavy players , the goals is not winning money . It 's staying in the zone . To maintain this intensely desirable state , players prolong their time on the machine until they run out of money - a phenomenon that people in the industry call ` playing to extinction . ' " How heavily does gambling weigh upon the poor , the elderly , the less educated , and the psychologically vulnerable ? It 's difficult to answer exactly , because U.S. governments have shirked the job of studying the effects of gambling . Most research on the public health effects of gambling in the United States is funded by the industry itself , with a careful eye to exonerating itself from blame . To obtain independent results , the Institute for American Values was obliged , ironically , to rely on studies funded by governments in Britain and Canada . But here 's what we can conclude , in the words of the Institute : " -LSB- S -RSB- tate-sponsored casino gambling ... parallels the separate and unequal life patterns in education , marriage , work , and play that increasingly divide America into haves and have-nots . Those in the upper ranks of the income distribution rarely , if ever , make it a weekly habit to gamble at the local casino . Those in the lower ranks of the income distribution often do . Those in the upper ranks rarely , if ever , contribute a large share of their income to the state 's take of casino revenues . Those in the lower ranks do . " Is this really OK ? Are Americans content to allow the growth of an industry that consciously exploits the predictable weakness of the most vulnerable people ? 27 states still say "  no . " If yours is one such state , fight to keep it that way . If not , it 's never too late to find a better way . Read the full Institute for American Values study for yourself and see how much is , quite literally , at sake . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says a new report makes clear the damage casinos do He says they extract earnings from Americans least able to afford it Casinos are bad for property values , do n't revive troubled neighborhoods , he says Frum : Government benefits from taxes on casinos and officials do n't question the harm
CNN  -- Amazon.com CEO Jeff Bezos borrowed from Dr. Evil 's master plan for the technology behind his newly announced Kindle Touch e-reader : It uses frickin ' laser beams . Introduced on Wednesday , the Kindle Touch will be the first Amazon e-reader with a touch screen . It costs $ 189 for a version with 3G cellular connectivity or $ 139 with Wi-Fi only . For a version with ads , those prices drop to $ 149 and $ 99 , respectively . Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos has defended the lack of a touch screen on previous Kindle models , saying conventional touch displays produce reflections . A major selling point for the Kindle is that it can be read in direct sunlight like a printed book , an argument Amazon has used in Kindle ads poking fun at tablets . "  The current technology for touch screens -- it 's called capacitive touch -- is a layer that goes on top of that display . It adds glare , " Bezos said in an interview last year on the "  Charlie Rose " TV talk show . "  We want a device that 's uncompromised for reading . " Capacitive touch is what 's used in most smartphones and tablets , including virtually all Android devices , the iPhone , iPad and newer BlackBerrys . It 's also the technology embedded in Amazon 's new $ 199 Kindle Fire , a multimedia tablet . Applying a capacitive-touch layer to e-ink , the black-and-white display that looks like paper , darkens the screen , said Sriram Peruvemba , an executive for E Ink , the company that makes the popular screens in e-readers , in an interview on Wednesday . For that reason , the Kindle Touch relies on infrared sensors , which are stationed along the edges around the screen to detect when the user 's finger touches a particular spot on the device 's face , an Amazon spokeswoman said . Tapping on most parts of the screen turns pages , rather than clicking a button like on the other Kindles . Amazon says the sensors allow for multitouch usage , meaning people can move multiple fingers at once to manipulate the screen , much like other touchscreen gadgets . Despite its success with the market-leading Kindle , Amazon is n't the first to apply these invisible lasers , commonly used in TV remotes , to reading devices . Barnes & Noble implemented the same technology to bring touch screen capability to its Nook . Sony 's recent e-readers , including a new model that will hit stores next month , also have infrared on their bezels . In an interview last month , Phil Lubell , a Sony vice-president , boasted about the company 's innovation in that area and said Barnes & Noble had copied it . Amazon 's competitors appear committed to this touch screen technology , going so far as to shelve button-operated e-readers . Amazon will continue to sell two versions of the Kindle without touch screens . The base model , called simply Kindle , ranges from $ 79 to $ 109 and has only a few buttons . Another , Kindle Keyboard , costs $ 99 to $ 139 and looks just like its predecessor , the Kindle 3 . Touch features sap a device 's battery life , Peruvemba said . Amazon may have accounted for that by including a bigger battery on the Touch because that model lasts for two months , which is double the battery life of the smaller Kindle , according to Amazon 's specification page . Bezos is confident a market exists for both his touch screen and keyboard models . "  We have many customers who tell us they do n't want touch , " Bezos reportedly said at the news conference in New York on Wednesday . "  We 're going to sell many millions of these . "	Amazon 's Kindle Touch uses infrared sensors to avoid screen glare Jeff Bezos had previously said no to touch screen Kindles due to limitations Other e-readers from Sony and Barnes & Noble already use infrared
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- They headed to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow after news broke that Michael Jackson had died . And they 're still coming . Alexandra Belayeva , left , and Zhenya Iordanskaya visit the Michael Jackson memorial in Moscow . Young Russian fans , some of whom do n't even speak English , bring homemade signs , pictures and drawings of Jackson , Russian religious icons , candles , teddy bears -- all signs of how much they loved the singer . "  At first I could n't believe it had happened , " 23-year-old Zhenya Iordanskaya said . "  I thought it was another rumor . My friend told me about it , and then I saw it on TV , on every channel . I was really in shock . And I still ca n't believe it . " Iordanskaya was standing in the rain Sunday with her friend Alexandra Belayeva , 20 , looking at the shrine Jackson 's fans have erected along the fence in front of the Embassy . Iordanskaya says she was 8 when she first heard "  Black or White . " "  I did n't understand English , but the faces of all the different people really inspired me . And the fact that he dealt with all these issues , you really have to give him credit for that , " Iordanskaya said . Belayeva says she became a fan about three years ago . "  The way he lived his creative live really inspired me , " she said . "  I really got into him as a person . Because you can really see the soul of a person in their creativity , ca n't you ? It was such a shame that people put him down so much . " Belayeva says she 's still in shock over Jackson 's death at his California home on June 25 . "  When I heard he had died , I really could n't believe it . He was so close to us . Not one of us , but so close . He was unbelievably kind . "  It 's so sad to lose a person like him . It 's also so sad that he was so alone at the end of his life . People did n't understand him . But at least they recognized his genius during his life . Sometimes that does n't happen . " Iordanskaya and Belayeva love to dance , and when they saw "  Dangerous , " they knew they had to try it out . "  We studied his moves in that for days ! We practiced . We really loved it ! " I ask the women to name their favorite Jackson songs . They roll their eyes . Where do you start ? Iordanskaya starts with "  Liberian Girl . " "  Also ` Earth Song . ' " "  It 's really powerful , " she said , "  the energy and the lyrics ! " On a rainy , cold day in Moscow , Iordanskaya and Belayeva say they still cry thinking that Jackson is no longer on Earth . In the garden of flowers and mementos that sprouted almost overnight in front of the U.S. Embassy , next to eight flickering votive candles that make you feel as if you are in a Russian church , one fan has written a poem : "  You 're an angel flying into the distance , you 're an angel , a carefree angel , flying into the distance . "	Young Russian fans erect memorial to pop star outside U.S. Embassy in Moscow Zhenya Iordanskaya , 23 , says she is still in shock over the death of the pop star Makeshift shrine includes homemade drawings , Russian religious icons , candles
CNN  -- Humans have driven to extinction four marine mammal species in modern times : StellerÂ ´ s sea cow in 1768 , the Caribbean monk seal in 1952 , the Japanese sea lion in 1970 and the baiji or Chinese river dolphin in 2006 . As you read this , we are on the brink of losing the fifth . The vaquita  Spanish for "  little cow "  , a small porpoise that lives only in the uppermost Gulf of California , Mexico , is the most endangered of the 128 marine mammals alive today . The vaquita , which some say looks endearing with its unique facial markings , is the smallest of all whales , dolphins and porpoises . The only way to prevent its extinction is if the Mexican , U.S. and Chinese governments take immediate and coordinated action . New evidence presented by a team of international scientists , established by the government of Mexico , shows that the vaquita is running out of time even faster than we thought . â $ ŽThe population is very small and disappearing rapidly , with more than half lost in just the last three years . There were about 200 vaquitas a few years ago , and now a report presented recently to the Mexican government by an international recovery team estimated that fewer than 100 remain . Each year , about one in five vaquitas is drowned in fishing nets , both legal and illegal . This makes it likely that at least another 20 % of the population will be lost during the next fishing season , shrinking the total number even more . In light of this alarming decline , the international team has called for an emergency regulation establishing a gillnet exclusion zone for the entire range of the vaquita starting in September . The vaquita 's fate has also long been tied to the totoaba , a large fish that lives in the upper Gulf of California as well . Entanglement in gillnets set for totoaba was the primary cause that brought the vaquita to low levels by the mid-1970s . Totoaba were overfished by the mid-1970s , and the species was listed as endangered by Mexico in 1975 , and by the United States in 1979 . Massive illegal fishing of the totoaba has resurged in the past three years because its swim bladder is used as a very expensive traditional health food in China , especially in Guangdong and Hong Kong . Dealers along the isolated beaches of San Felipe and El Golfo de Santa Clara , two small fishing towns close to the U.S. border , buy swim bladders from fishermen by paying several thousand dollars per kilogram . Thousands of swim bladders are likely then smuggled across the border to the United States and shipped to China -- where a kilogram can be reportedly worth much more on the black market -- leaving thousands of dead totoabas and tens of drowned vaquitas to rot . Mexican authorities have acted to prevent the extinction of the vaquita . Over the past five years , the Mexican government , together with national and international foundations , has allocated more than $ 30 million to save this porpoise and support the livelihoods of the local fishing communities . Most of this money has been used to compensate the fishermen affected by the creation of a vaquita refuge in 2009 and to assist those wanting to switch to safer fishing techniques . In February 2013 , the Mexican government established a committee to advise President Enrique Pena Nieto on urgent measures to save the vaquita , led by Mexico 's secretary of the environment . Four months later , in a bold move , the government mandated the elimination of all shrimp gillnets -- in which vaquitas are caught -- through their gradual replacement with a newly developed safer net within three years . But more needs to be done . Despite these measures , the vaquita will be lost unless the illegal totoaba fishing is stopped immediately . It is now or never , and only high-level action can save this critically endangered porpoise . We urge Pena Nieto to stop the illegal fishing of totoaba by even stronger enforcement of the gillnet ban and to extend the refuge boundaries to cover the entire vaquita habitat . This means eliminating all gillnet fisheries within the expanded refuge and compensating the fishermen , while allowing for a transition toward new gear that catches shrimp but not vaquitas . We also urge U.S. President Barack Obama to take swift and decisive action through the newly created White House Wildlife Trafficking Group . The first immediate step is to scale up the already significant law enforcement efforts on transborder shipments of totoaba products . Finally , we urge China Premier Li Keqiang to immediately stop the illegal entrance of totoaba products . It is still possible to save the vaquita , but this is clearly the last chance . We call upon the governments of the United States , China and Mexico to take swift action to save this unique and beautiful species for present and future generations .	The vaquita , a small porpoise that lives in Gulf of California , Mexico , is near extinction Omar Vidal , Robert L. Brownell Jr. and Zhou Kaiya : Fewer than 100 vaquitas remain They say Mexican , U.S. and Chinese governments must take swift and coordinated action One way is if Mexico stops the illegal fishing of totoaba , which often ensnares vaquitas
Twitter is suing the U.S. government in an effort to loosen restrictions on what the social media giant can say publicly about the national security-related requests it receives for user data . The company filed a lawsuit against the Justice Department on Monday in a federal court in northern California , arguing that its First Amendment rights are being violated by restrictions that forbid the disclosure of how many national security letters and Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court orders it receives -- even if that number is zero . Twitter vice president Ben Lee wrote in a blog post that it 's suing in an effort to publish the full version of a "  transparency report " prepared this year that includes those details . The San Francisco-based firm was unsatisfied with the Justice Department 's move in January to allow technological firms to disclose the number of national security-related requests they receive in broad ranges . "  It 's our belief that we are entitled under the First Amendment to respond to our users ' concerns and to the statements of U.S. government officials by providing information about the scope of U.S. government surveillance -- including what types of legal process have not been received , " Lee wrote . "  We should be free to do this in a meaningful way , rather than in broad , inexact ranges . " But a Justice Department spokeswoman pointed to the January move -- which was aimed at mollifying complaints from tech giants like Google and Microsoft -- as evidence that the government is allowing the release of at least some information on its surveillance activities . "  Earlier this year , the government addressed similar concerns raised in a lawsuit brought by several major tech companies , " department spokeswoman Emily Pierce said . "  There , the parties worked collaboratively to allow tech companies to provide broad information on government requests while also protecting national security . " Critics of the U.S. government 's secrecy surrounding its national security surveillance activities lauded Twitter 's move . Jameel Jaffer , the ACLU 's deputy legal director , said "  challenging this tangled web of secrecy rules and gag orders " was the right move , and he urged other tech firms to follow Twitter 's lead . "  If these laws prohibit Twitter from disclosing basic information about government surveillance , then these laws violate the First Amendment , " Jaffer said . "  The Constitution does n't permit the government to impose so broad a prohibition on the publication of truthful speech about government conduct . "	Twitter sues Justice Department for restrictions on what it can say about data requests Company says it wants to release more details about scope of U.S. government surveillance
One day , many years from now , future generations will look back at this time in our country 's history and wonder what in the hell were we thinking . The Kardashians are famous for no reason , same-sex marriage is controversial for stupid reasons , and somehow the "  Twilight " franchise is a cash cow . But our culture 's biggest sin may well be the auto-tuned syrup we 've allowed to dominate the pop charts . All-time chart records are handed to vacuous acts such as the Black Eyed Peas and singing awards are given to vocal lightweights such as Taylor Swift . History will show a dark time in our culture in which a million followers on Twitter became a key component to winning a Grammy . But thank God for Pink . That 's what I was thinking as I was watching her performance during Sunday 's American Music Awards . She recreated the video for her current single , "  Try , " a midtempo ballad about the ups and downs of an imperfect relationship . Where there is desire There is gon na be a flame Where there is a flame Someone 's bound to get burned But just because it burns Does n't mean you 're gon na die You 've got ta get up and try try try Singing words like that live with the right level of emotion that Pink is known for is hard enough . Doing so while in engaged in an athletic pas de deux , complete with lifts , is breathtaking . She received a standing ovation afterward , much in the same way she commanded one at the 2010 Grammys as she swung over the audience 's heads on a trapeze , asking : Have you ever thrown a fist full of glitter in the air ? Have you ever looked fear in the face and said , "  I just do n't care " ? It would all seem like a meat-dress wearing gimmick if she did n't have the voice and lyrics to back it up . But she does , and thus we can all breathe a sigh of relief knowing her voice will be there for future generations to discover when looking back at us . Pink wo n't be able to scrub our record clean singlehandedly -- there 's just too much manufacturing for one person to overcome . But at least there will be evidence for my great-great grandkids to see that we were n't all "  American Idol 's " sheep . While Christina Aguilera has a tendency to oversing , Britney Spears ca n't sing , and Lauryn Hill sorta stopped singing , Pink has managed to carve a brilliant 13-year-career by being something that is incredibly rare these days -- an artist . A complete artist . Maybe the most underrated artist we 've had on the radio in the past 20 years . That 's not to suggest she 's been ignored -- Pink has sold more than 40 million albums worldwide . It 's just when you look at the amount of publicity given to her in comparison to say , Lady Gaga or Adele , well there is no comparison . We know she is phenomenal , but the others are considered phenomenons . Gaga and Adele are worthy of the accolades , but whenever I listen to Pink 's "  Dear Mr. President , " "  Family Portrait " or "  Sober , " I feel the need to atone for us not making more room for her in the pop culture paradigm . Billboard magazine -- one of the most respected names in the music industry -- ranked the top five performances from the American Music Awards . For them , Pink 's brave rendition of "  Try " was second . Tops was Psy doing "  Gangnam Style " with MC Hammer . MC Hammer !?! Yes ... we 're going to have a lot to answer for someday .	LZ Granderson : Why does our culture let auto-tuned syrup dominate the pop charts ? Granderson : Thank God for Pink , who care really sing He says Pink deserves the kind of attention that Lady Gaga and Adele receive
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama signed into law a $ 42 billion bill to aid small businesses Monday , saying it would create jobs by providing tax credits and helping banks increase loans . "  It 's going to cut taxes . It 's going to make more loans available for small businesses . It 's a great victory for America 's entrepreneurs , " Obama said to applause at the White House signing ceremony . While the bill 's major provisions had backing from both parties , it took months of legislative wrangling to work it out . The Senate approved it on a 61-38 vote last week , with two Republicans breaking a GOP filibuster to join the 59 Democrats in supporting the measure . The House then voted 237-187 on mostly partisan lines to send the bill to Obama 's desk . Obama noted the political battle in his remarks Monday , saying the relief provided by the measure was "  needlessly delayed " by Republican senators until last week . "  At this difficult time in our country , it 's essential that we keep up the fight for every job , for every new business , for every opportunity to strengthen this economy , " Obama said . Republicans eager to deny Democrats any advantage ahead of the November congressional elections have criticized the measure . "  Unfortunately , this bill does nothing to help end the uncertainty that is crippling job creation and hurting small businesses , " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , said last week . "  Instead it puts taxpayers on the hook for even more bailouts . " After the signing ceremony , Democratic governors and House members lauded Obama for getting the measure passed . "  I assure you we would not have this bill without this president , " said Rep. Al Green , D-Texas , adding that the measure would help small businesses expand and help entrepreneurs launch new businesses . "  Most minority businesses are small businesses , " Green said . The Financial Services Roundtable , a group of the nation 's largest financial institutions , had supported the bill . "  Small businesses are the linchpin of our nation 's economic growth and well-being , " Steve Bartlett , the group 's president , said last week . The Small Business Jobs Act authorizes the creation of a $ 30 billion fund run by the Treasury Department that would deliver ultra-cheap capital to banks with less than $ 10 billion in assets . The idea is that community banks do the lion 's share of lending to small businesses , and pumping capital into them will get money in the hands of main-street businesses . Another provision aims to increase the flow of capital by providing $ 1.5 billion in grants to state lending programs that in turn support loans to small businesses . The state programs have proven themselves to be efficient , targeted and effective , but with many states struggling to balance their budgets , the programs are going broke . The bill would also provide a slew of tax breaks that will cost $ 12 billion over a decade , according to a preliminary estimate from the Joint Committee on Taxation . The breaks aim to encourage small businesses to purchase new equipment , to incentivize venture capital firms to invest in small businesses , and to motivate entrepreneurs to start their own business . CNN 's Catherine Clifford contributed to this story .	NEW : Obama touts bill as a job-creator at signing The Treasury Department will run a $ 30 billion fund to help deliver capital to small banks The goal is for community banks to make credit more available to small businesses The bill also provides tax credits to small businesses
Havana . Cuba  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama has been issued an unexpected invitation to visit Cuba -- from the island 's 90-year-old prima ballerina , who implored him to bring along five Cuban agents imprisoned in the United States for more than a decade . "  I want to invite the president of the United States to come to Cuba with his wife and lovely children , " Alicia Alonso said at an event to call for the release of the agents , who were convicted of spying on Cuban exile groups in a hotly debated trial . "  I would ask a favor also . Please , to make everyone happy and to feel happy with all around the world , bring those five Cubans , " Alonso said in English . White House officials contacted Wednesday morning said they were not aware that any such invitation had been received . The Cubans , known at home as "  the five heroes , " were sent to Miami to infiltrate violent exile groups at a time when anti-Castro groups were bombing Cuban hotels . They were arrested in 1998 . The invitation caps off a week-long international campaign with Hollywood stars such as Sean Penn and Danny Glover calling on Obama to step in and release the five . Last year , the defendants lost their last chance of an appeal when the U.S. Supreme Court refused to hear their case . The defense argued it was impossible for the men to get a fair trial in a city dominated by anti-Castro politics . Three of the men were handed life sentences in 2001 for allegedly helping Cuba shoot down two unarmed airplanes that were dropping leaflets over the island , killing the Cuban-American pilots . After Cuba began its biggest release of political prisoners in a decade , pro-Cuba activists stepped up pressure on Obama to respond by releasing the five Cubans .	Cuban prima ballerina invites Obama to come She also asks "  a favor " : Bring along five imprisoned Cubans The five had been sent to the United States to infiltrate violent exile groups
CNN  -- There are slews of apps and websites to help you make the most of Black Friday and Cyber Monday , the two mondo-consumerist U.S. holidays . But Pinterest , the out-of-nowhere social network that became wildly popular this year , may offer some of the freshest approaches to online gift-giving this season . "  This holiday shopping season will mark a turning point for Pinterest , " Julia Boorstin wrote on a CNBC blog . "  The social scrapbooking platform valued at $ 1.5 billion is n't making money itself yet . But it 's been helping retailers connect with customers since it launched a year and a half ago , and now it 's actively trying to help brands cash in . And this all-important shopping season companies are increasingly using it to drive online sales . " Here are five ways you can pin yourself to a more productive  and gift-filled  holiday . Oh , and if you do n't know what Pinterest is , read this before proceeding . 1 . Create a secret wish list : On November 8 , Pinterest updated its site to allow users to create up to three private pin boards . You could use one of these to pin images of products that you 'd like to receive during the holiday season , and then you could share that page with a couple of relatives . Since posts on Pinterest link back to the website where you found the image you 're sharing , it makes it easy for Mom or Dad to find exactly the item you 're looking for . The downside : This exercise in "  give me this ! " pinning could be a turn-off for family members who want to be more creative -- or for people who have only a vague idea of what gifts they would like to receive . "  Whatever you pin appears to refer to specific brands , colors , or size , even if that 's not what you intended , " writes Jill Duffy for PC Mag . "  Pinterest works wonderfully for sharing images of the exact tennis racquet you want , but is n't as good for convincing your family that any old tube socks will do . " 2 . Pin boards with gift ideas for others : If narcissism is n't your thing , you could use private Pinterest boards to make visual lists of the gifts you 'd like to buy for friends or family members . Since Pinterest allows only three private boards per user , it might be smarter to make one board with gift ideas for everyone on your list . Download a browser extension for Pinterest that lets you share a photo to your board in a couple clicks . "  This is one time I wish Pinterest offered more than three boards , as having one for each person on your holiday list could be most useful , " writes Scott Kleinberg for the Chicago Tribune . "  And if Santa uses Pinterest , this could change everything we know about making the list and checking it twice . " Using Pinterest 's mobile app , you could take these lists with you to the store . Or , of course , you could go all Cyber Monday on it and buy the goods online . 3 . Get "  30 Days of Pinspiration " : In a blog post on Tuesday , Pinterest announced a guide to the holidays called "  30 Days of Pinspiration "  not "  perspiration , " but we know you were thinking it , too  . It works sort of like an online Advent calendar . Over the next month , the company will unveil "  a series of holiday boards from people , businesses , non-profit organizations , celebrities , and more , " it says . "  From what to cook and how to decorate to ways to give back and health tips for the new year , there 's a little something for everyone . " Day 1 : Thanksgiving traditions from Katie Couric . Follow the project at this site : http://holidays.pinterest.com . 4 . Follow tastemakers and stores : Conveniently enough , Pinterest announced November 14 that it would allow business to create Pinterest pages . Before that , the company 's terms of use prohibited a business to use the site for profit . The switch seems to be effective for websites . In a blog post , Pinterest said that Allrecipes , a cooking site , saw 50,000 recipes and 139 mililon impressions in a three-month trial period . Several retailers have set up Pinterest pages in time for the holidays . Among them : Gap , Macy 's , Bloomingdale 's , Shopbop and Etsy . Many of these pages highlight women 's apparel and accessories , which makes sense since most of Pinterest 's users are female . But there are dude-specific boards too , including Dudepins and Manteresting . The Verge and Mashable , technology-focused websites , also have a robust set of gadget boards that may help you shop for that tech-head on your list . 5 . Snoop on family members : Finally , and maybe this is an obvious one , but if your family members are active on Pinterest  or Twitter or Facebook  , you could snoop through the products they 've posted about to get ideas for gifts that may be appropriate . If your loved ones are n't freaked out by this invasion of their public-private life , they may thank you for it later . Do you have other ideas about interesting ways to use Pinterest this holiday season ? What about online shopping tips in general ? Let us know in the comments .	Pinterest gears up for the holiday season with new features One feature lets people post secret shopping lists Another lets businesses create pages to feature their products Blogger : "  This holiday shopping season will mark a turning point for Pinterest "
CNN  -- A sailor has described her "  miraculous " escape after a whale leapt out of the water and crash-landed on the deck of her boat off the coast of South Africa . Paloma Werner , 50 , of the Cape Town Sailing Academy , and her partner Ralph Mothes had been watching the whale from a distance in Table Bay , near Cape Town harbor , when it moved toward their 10-meter vessel and breached 20 meters away . Southern right whales are a common sight in Cape Town waters during the breeding season from June to November , drawing whale watchers to the region . Werner said the couple -- both experienced sailors -- expected the creature to go under the boat before re-emerging on the other side . "  I looked around and I saw this huge whale coming out of the water and smashing against the side of the boat , " Werner told CNN . "  The whale slipped back into the water but we just saw the mast with all its rigging and everything flying towards us , and that was scary , actually . " Werner said Mothes ducked behind the steering wheel which bore the impact of the mast . And while the masts need replacing , Werner said the steel structure of the boat was undamaged . "  Miraculously nothing happened to us , " she added . A tourist on a nearby boat captured the moment when the whale breached out of the water on camera . Werner said she had spoken to a local marine mammal expert who had told her that the incident was a "  freak accident . " Because the couple had been sailing without the engine on , the whale had failed to hear them , she said . "  It was a young southern right whale and he was just having fun . They have very poor eyesight and obviously if they 're breaching visibility is very poor . The whale did not intend to attack us , it just did not hear us . " Whale experts have taken DNA samples from blubber left on the deck to see whether they have any existing records on the animal . Werner said the whale appeared to be unhurt by the experience : "  We saw it afterwards and there was no blood or anything . I think for a whale it was just a scratch and a bump . " In future , the couple would make sure they had the engine on while sailing during whale season , she added . "  We were just going out sailing because it was an awesome day . Obviously it 's a bonus if you see a whale but we did n't quite count on having one on top of the boat . "	Southern right whale lands on sailing boat in "  freak accident " South African couple both unhurt but vessel 's mast , rigging smashed Whales have poor eyesight and did n't hear boat sailing without engine Whale appeared unhurt , other than a "  scratch and a bump "
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Ten Cuban prisoners -- including a doctor nominated last month for the Nobel Peace Prize -- will be released from prison , the Roman Catholic Church said . Dr. Oscar Elias Biscet Gonzalez was among scores of people imprisoned during the Cuban government 's 2003 crackdown on political dissidents . He founded and ran the Lawton Foundation for Human Rights and also led the "  Friends of Human Rights " group in Cuba , according to the U.S.-based non-profit group Freedom Now , which "  works to free individual prisoners of conscience . " National legislators in Canada , Great Britain , the European Union and the United States -- as well as the prime minister of Hungary , and the Freedom Now and the Lawton Foundation organizations -- nominated Gonzalez for a Nobel Peace Prize in February for his dedication to "  non-violent social change . " The nine prisoners besides Gonzalez will travel to Spain after their release , according to statement from Havana 's Catholic archdiocese . "  This is a victory for all the Cuban people -- those who are in exile or in Cuba , those who are inside jails or those who are supposedly free on the streets of Cuba , " dissident Guillermo Farinas told CNN en Español Thursday . Farinas , a psychologist and writer , gained international attention last February when he stopped eating for 135 days to protest the Cuban government 's imprisonment of political activists . His hunger strike came to an end in July after Cuba began to release dissidents as part of an agreement with the Roman Catholic Church and Spain to empty Cuba 's jails of political prisoners . "  This is a victory for all the Cuban people , including those who govern , who have realized that they should respond in a humanitarian manner . Because simply and truly , what these men and women have done is oppose the government peacefully , " Farinas said in response to Thursday 's announcement . Last year , Cuban President Raul Castro agreed to release all 52 prisoners jailed during the 2003 crackdown . The Caribbean nation has released many of them , as well as other prisoners jailed for "  counterrevolutionary " activities , ranging from hijacking to arson . Thursday 's news means that at least 80 political prisoners will have been released in recent months , with most of them going on to live in Spain . CNN 's Nelson Quinones contributed to this report .	NEW : Dissident : "  This is a victory for all the Cuban people " Dr. Oscar Elias Biscet Gonzalez is to be freed from a Cuban prison , the Catholic church says Nine others will also be released , going on to live in exile in Spain Gonzalez was nominated for a Nobel Peace Price for his championing of human rights
CNN  -- A man celebrating his friend 's impending marriage fell to his death from a Black Hawk , Colorado , hotel window early Saturday , police said . Dirk Anderson , 29 , was sitting on the ledge of an open window in the 11th-floor room at the Lady Luck Hotel and Casino when the screen on which he was leaning gave way , according to reports by CNN television affiliates KUSA and KCNC . The Thornton , Colorado , man landed on the roof of a parking garage five levels below , police said . While there was alcohol at the bachelor party , investigators said they do n't know if Anderson had been drinking before his fall . There was no evidence of horseplay and it appeared to be an accident , police said . Black Hawk , a 19th-century gold-mining town , is home to several casinos that attract tourists and gamblers from Denver , 35 miles away . Woman on first date plunges to her death off 17th-floor balcony CNN 's John Branch contributed to this report .	Dirk Anderson , 29 , landed on the roof of a parking garage five levels below Investigators do n't know if Anderson had been drinking before his fall No evidence of horseplay and it appears to be an accident , police say
Egypt 's new temporary government began to take shape on Sunday , with reformer and Nobel laureate Mohamed ElBaradei sworn in as the country 's interim vice president for foreign relations . Nabil Fahmy , former Egyptian ambassador to the United States , accepted the post of foreign minister , he told CNN . Ahmed Galal , a liberal economist educated in the United States and a World Bank veteran , has been appointed as finance minister , and Hisham Zaazou will retain his post as tourism minister , the state-run MENA news agency said . These are key first steps in establishing a civilian governance , after the military overthrew President Mohammed Morsy in a coup early this month . And it 's the first phase of a transition that is expected to usher in presidential elections next year . Ruling authorities are focused on choosing technocrats -- nonpolitical people with expertise in particular fields -- who will help bring back efficient governance and foster a functioning economy . Critics of Morsy 's government have decried what they said was rife administrative incompetence and political cronyism during the ousted president 's administration -- dominated by the Muslim Brotherhood and its political wing , the Freedom and Justice Party . A reason for staging the coup was offered in a statement from Egypt 's top military officer , Gen. Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi . In a statement posted on the military 's Facebook site Sunday , he said that the armed forces decided to side with "  the people " against the Morsy government when the president refused a demand for a referendum that would authorize a new presidential election . "  The people were worried that the state and its tools will be used against their rights , and therefore , the armed forces had to confirm the legitimacy of the people and help them restore their inherent rights to choose and decide , and that is what we did , " the statement said . Morsy , Muslim Brotherhood face probe A technocracy in the making The choices represent a change in direction , away from the Islamist bent of the Morsy government . ElBaradei -- who won a Nobel Peace Prize for his work as director general of the U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency -- and the others are people with whom Western governments have been comfortable . The head of the IAEA from 1997 to 2009 , ElBaradei has been regarded as an outsider in Egypt because of his international achievements . While he ran unsuccessfully for president last year , he persisted as a reformer and has a reputation as a technocrat . Fahmy is the founding dean of American University in Cairo 's School of Public Affairs and a "  career diplomat , " according to his bio on the school website . He has "  played an active role in the numerous efforts to bring peace to the Middle East , as well as in international and regional disarmament affairs . " Galal is managing director of the Economic Research Forum -- a research institution covering the Arab countries , Iran and Turkey -- and fits the bill as a technocrat . His bio on the ERF website calls him "  a noted , non-partisan , proponent of the importance of growth with equity " and of the "  vital role of politics for sound economic policies . Zaazou was one of the few ministers in Morsy 's Cabinet who had n't been connected to the Muslim Brotherhood . He resigned from the Morsy government in the weeks before the coup , because a man associated with an Islamist group tied to militants who killed tourists in 1997 was appointed as governor of Luxor province . International tourism is a huge business in Egypt , and Luxor , with its ancient monuments , has been a major tourist attraction . The ongoing political unrest in Egypt has hurt tourism . Interim Prime Minister Hazem El-Beblawi will meet with Cabinet nominees Sunday and Monday in an effort to complete formation of a new government by Tuesday or Wednesday , state-run EGYNews reported . Egypt 's fever of violence : Where is accountability ? U.S. diplomacy The United States has long had a close relationship with Egypt and a high-ranking diplomat is visiting there to "  underscore U.S. support for the Egyptian people , " the State Department said . Egypt gets $ 1.3 billion in annual military aid . During the rule of Hosni Mubarak -- ousted in 2011 at the beginning of the Arab Spring -- the government had been pro-Western and a bulwark against Muslim extremism . It continues to maintain a peace treaty and diplomatic ties with Israel . U.S. Deputy Secretary of State William J. Burns is visiting Cairo through Tuesday . He will meet with "  interim government officials and civil society and business leaders . " Civil society is a reference to nongovernmental groups and entities independent of government and business . Burns will be emphasizing "  an end to all violence , and a transition leading to an inclusive , democratically elected civilian government . " All of the latest developments come as Egyptian authorities launch an investigation of ousted Morsy as well as several leaders and supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood . The state prosecutor opened the probe after receiving complaints against Morsy and FJP leaders , said Deputy Prosecutor General Adel al-Said . Prosecutors also froze the assets of 14 people , including prominent Muslim Brotherhood figures , as they investigate violence in Cairo . Morsy 's son : ` Dad , you are the legitimate leader ' of Egypt	U.S. diplomat visiting Cairo , stressing support , end of violence The new foreign minister once was the envoy to Washington A World Bank vet was picked as finance minister The tourism minister , who has no ties to the Muslim Brotherhood , retains his post
CNN  -- Thinking of treating your sweetheart to a fragrant bouquet this Valentine 's Day ? Think again . When it comes to smelling the roses , most sold in U.S. supermarkets and flower shops have no scent , or at least none of their own . Amy Stewart bemoans the lack of fragrance . "  When a fragrant flower like a rose loses its scent , it has lost the thing that makes it a rose , " said Stewart , author of "  Flower Confidential . " The book chronicles how a sustained effort to create sturdy flowers ended up inadvertently creating flowers without a scent . The international flower market works on a massive scale and ships flowers thousands of miles around the world . This means consumers in the United States can buy lilies in the dead of winter . It also created a market where the majority of roses sold in the United States come from Colombia , so they 're bred to be affordable and long-lasting , often at the expense of fragrance , Stewart said . "  It might be a week or two before it gets to you , " she said . "  You are trying to breed a flower that will last a long time so that it can survive on the airplane and on the truck and the train and in the flower shop . " In addition to using chemicals and refrigeration , companies also tinker with genetics to engineer flowers that last longer . "  Fragrance just got bred out along the way and a lot of these long-lasting flowers have no fragrance at all . " Not all flowers are bereft of scent . Hyacinths , narcissus , daffodils and lilacs have yet to experience a lot of tinkering from the flower industry , she said . But the rose , America 's most popular flower , stands out , in part because the flowers used to have an evocative fragrance . Indeed , Stewart said , many people still sniff roses hoping for an aroma ; what they likely smell is a combination of chlorophyll and fillers used at flower shops . In other words , the smell of decay , she said . There 's cause for hope , Stewart said . Big flower companies have begun trying to breed the scent back in , hoping to offer consumers a pretty rose that smells good and is hardy enough to survive the journey from the fields to the store .	Most flowers sold in U.S. supermarkets and flower shops have no scent , author says Roses are bred to last long , often at the expense of scent What people likely smell is combination of chlorophyll and fillers used at flower shops
CNN Student News  -- August 21 , 2013 On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What 's a better source of information about a scientific study : a news report or the original scientific paper ? What are the pros and cons of each ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects from today 's show : 1 . foreign aid 2 . Pakistan 3 . electrical charge Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . The United States is considering cutting aid to what North African country ? 2 . In what U.S. state is the Beaver Creek wildfire threatening homes ? 3 . Members of what undefeated 1972 NFL team visited the White House on Tuesday ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your opinion , what factors should the U.S. consider when deciding whether to offer aid to another country ? 2 . How might fire officials prioritize where and how to combat a widespread wildfire ? 3 . What roles do spiders play in their environment ? Why might scientists want to study spider webs and how spiders catch their prey ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Africa Egypt North America Washington , D.C. ; Idaho Asia Pakistan FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- There may be no bigger revolutionary rock star than Aung San Suu Kyi . So it only makes sense that the 67-year-old Myanmar democracy activist and Nobel Peace Prize winner would tour the United States in a way reflecting that . On Tuesday , Suu Kyi was photographed laughing with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The two sat on couches next to each other at the State Department in Clinton 's private office and chatted . Clinton told Suu Kyi about the bucolic scenes she could expect to see when she went to southern part of the U.S. "  You 're going out to one of the horse farms . Those are beautiful places . They 're called bluegrass the way it looks across the field , " Clinton said to a smiling Suu Kyi . "  You 'll find that quite beautiful . " That scene , historic and high profile , was just Day One of the next 17 days on Suu Kyi 's calendar on her first visit to America . She 's slated to talk with high-level Washington officials and democracy activists in the capital . The White House said she will meet with President Obama at 5 p.m. Wednesday , a day she 's already expected to receive the Congressional Gold Medal . Then it 's on to New York to speak at a university and at a museum . Next week , she 'll be a guest of the U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell in Kentucky and visit California . It 's a lot of travel for a person who spent most of the past 20 years under house arrest imposed by her country 's ruling military junta . During her confinement , she lost her husband to cancer -- unable to see him because he was forbidden from entering Myanmar to be with her . She also went without seeing her two sons . Suu Kyi was released from detention in November 2010 and this year was finally able to pick up the Nobel Peace Prize she won in 1991 but could n't receive in person . Profile : Suu Kyi , peaceful freedom fighter Suu Kyi is expected to meet with refugees who left Myanmar  also known as Burma  and relocated in the United States , many who fought for the same democratic freedoms that she paid for so dearly . "  We have this plan throughout the country that when refugees come we try and find sponsors , " Clinton told Suu Kyi on Tuesday . "  I 'm looking forward to visiting Fort Wayne , " Suu Kyi replied . "  There 's all sorts of interesting things happening in Fort Wayne . " As part of Suu Kyi 's U.S. tour , she will visit the Indiana city , home to one the United States ' largest populations of Burmese expatriots . Since the early 1990s , some 5,000 Burmese have carved out a life in its "  Burmatown . " And many there are expecting a lot from Suu Kyi . "  We are excited for Suu Kyi in Fort Wayne , but we also hope that it is more that a single visit . We want it to mean more . She symbolizes experience for us and Burma in the long term , " said Minn Myint Nan Tin , the executive director of the Burmese Advocacy Center in Fort Wayne , which helps refugees find jobs and navigate everyday life . "  The young people here want to be part of the Burma of tomorrow . This tomorrow is one that is open and free , " said Nan Tin . "  We know that more has to happen outside of her . " Nan Tin fled Myanmar in the 1990s , she said . She and many of the Burmese who she works avidly follow world events . "  We always keep up on what is happening , and we are very aware of what has happened in the past few years about Suu Kyi , " she said . Thawing U.S.-Myanmar relations Last year , Clinton met with Suu Kyi in Yangon , the Myanmar capital . The two were photographed embracing , even though such signs of affection are not normally acceptable in the nation . The meeting was a sign that relations between Myanmar and the United States were softening . It had been icy for some time . Clinton was the first secretary of state to visit Myanmar in 50 years . In January , Suu Kyi announced she was running for Parliament . She won in a landslide in April . Suu Kyi is now the leading the pro-democracy opposition in her country . Myanmar 's president , Thein Sein , who took control in April 2011 , will visit the United States next week to attend the United Nations General Assembly 's annual gathering of world leaders in New York . This week at least 58 political detainees were among hundreds released in Myanmar as part of an amnesty announced on Monday , a prisoner rights group said . Earlier this summer , the country removed Suu Kyi 's two sons ' names from a blacklist . On the world scene , Suu Kyi is both a politician and a symbol of promise , said Robert Lieberman , a filmmaker who interviewed Suu Kyi in Myanmar and had spent a lot of time in the country . His film "  They Call It Myanmar " will be shown in New York and Los Angeles and other cities , including Fort Wayne on September 23 . See a nationwide screening schedule "  It 's important to keep in mind what 's motivating Sein . He wants an easing of sanctions against his country , " said Lieberman . "  Suu Kyi  is walking a tightrope . " He said Suu Kyi now must concede as much as any politician to get something accomplished , but she must also stand firm in her beliefs , the ideals that kept her sane and focused during her years in detention and have elevated her as a moral leader to much of the world . In July , the Obama administration began allowing U.S. companies to invest in Burma . Several lawmakers have voiced their support for a relaxation of sanctions . In May , Republican Sen. John McCain said Washington should temporarily lift economic sanctions but keep in place an arms embargo against the Burmese military and those who have violated human rights , according to Foreign Policy . Next generation 's obstacles Lieberman cautioned against what he views as overly optimistic headlines lauding Suu Kyi 's U.S. visit as a harbinger of immediate change on the ground in Myanmar . He said that kind of change can not come solely from the president or Suu Kyi . It 's important to keep in mind that the military still has a tremendous amount of control , at least according to the nation 's constitution . It still guarantees the military 25 percent of the legislature , he pointed out . "  Suu Kyi is stunning , strong , articulate , mesmerizing . But she is also 67 . She 'll be 70 when the next national election comes around in 2015 , " he said . "  So that 's a factor as well . I think it will come down to whether a younger generation will get behind what she stands for , and will they be able to follow through . " And in that , he said , there 's perhaps another obstacle . It 's cultural . Lieberman wonders if young people -- especially those in her own party -- will challenge Suu Kyi honestly and directly when they disagree with her . "  There 's something called ` anade ' in Burma there which means you respect your elders , you do n't give them a bad message , " he said . "  I asked her , ` How do you get information ? ' And she said , ` Everybody knows they can tell me what they want and they wo n't get  fired  . ' "  She probably believes that , " he said . "  But I just doubt it because there 's such love for her , I do n't see someone questioning her . " Nan Tin , in Fort Wayne , said she hopes they will . "  We have to be able to say what we think . The people have high expectations , " she said . If Nan Tin has a few moments with Suu Kyi , she will use the opportunity not to demand anything , though . "  We know she is only one person , " she said . "  I would tell her that we are with her , no matter what . "	Burmese democracy activist started her tour of the U.S. Tuesday She met with U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Washington Expert : Change in Burma has to come from multiple sources , not just Suu Kyi
CNN  -- An American doctor rescued in Afghanistan this month has thanked those who helped free him , offering special gratitude to the family of a young SEAL killed during the operation . Dr. Dilip Joseph and two other staff members for the international aid group Morning Star Development were kidnapped by armed men on December 5 as they returned from a rural medical clinic in eastern Kabul province . The raid to free Joseph came several hours after the other two were released . Petty Officer 1st Class Nicolas D. Checque , 28 , of Monroeville , Pennsylvania , was killed during the operation . "  I would like to take this moment to thank the U.S. and Afghan forces for putting their lives on the line to rescue me . I can appreciate the difficulty of this particular operation and deeply value the sacrifice of one of their own servicemen for the success of this mission , " Joseph said in a statement posted Friday on the Morning Star website . "  My heart goes out to the family of the fallen hero for his service , commitment and courage . He will remain a legacy for me and my family for generations to come , " Joseph said . While the Defense Department said only that Checque belonged to an "  East Coast-based Special Warfare Unit , " a U.S. official said the man was a member of the Navy 's Special Warfare Development Group , more commonly known as SEAL Team Six . The elite unit is the same one that took part in the raid that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . The official did n't know whether the SEAL who died was involved in that operation . U.S. officials provided few others details about the rescue effort . Tribal leader Malik Samad and district chief Muhammad Haqbeen told CNN that Joseph and an Afghan doctor were abducted near the village of Jegdalek in the Sarobi district , just outside Kabul . The International Security Assistance Force said Taliban insurgents kidnapped the men . Samad and Haqbeen identified the kidnappers as smugglers . Checque joined the Navy in 2002 after graduating from high school , according to a brief service record provided by the Defense Department . After attending recruit training in Illinois and advanced training in Virginia , he entered the SEAL program in April 2003 . Joseph has worked with Morning Star for three years . He serves as its medical adviser , and travels frequently to Afghanistan , the agency said . He is now back with his family in the United States . "  I have been traveling to Afghanistan for the past several years in the hope of making a difference for this country and her people . I still hold Afghanistan in great regard and will continue to pray and hope for its ' peace and long-term stability , " said Joseph .	Dr. Dilip Joseph and two others were abducted December 5 in eastern Kabul province The two were released and Joseph was freed in a raid A SEAL was slain in the rescue effort Two local Afghan leaders say smugglers were responsible ; ISAF blames the Taliban
Dogged by allegations of sexual harassment , San Diego Mayor Bob Filner admitted Thursday "  that I need help " but stopped short of resigning . "  I 'm clearly doing something wrong , " he said . Some of his longtime backers are urging Filner to step down . Among them is former city councilwoman Donna Frye -- a Democrat , like Filner , who recently worked in the mayor 's office . She said Thursday that after hearing allegations directly from several women , "  I could not not act . " She sent Filner a letter Tuesday asking him to step down . Filner acknowledged Frye 's request in a statement Thursday and implicitly admitted there was merit to her concerns . "  I am embarrassed to admit that I have failed to fully respect the women who work for me and with me , and that at times I have intimidated them , " he said . "  It 's a good thing that behavior that would have been tolerated in the past is being called out in this generation for what it is : inappropriate and wrong . " No women have come forward publicly to detail allegations against Filner . He has not been charged with any crime , nor has anyone filed a lawsuit against him . Shamed politicians look for redemption Yet Marco Gonzalez , a Southern California lawyer , told reporters Thursday he and Frye know of "  very specific acts from individuals who have worked for the mayor that they have been subjected to behavior that does not meet our community standards . " It 's up to them to provide specifics , Gonzalez said , but even absent such public declarations , he and others felt compelled to speak out for them . "  I believe what they have told me , and they are not alone , " Frye said . Amid the uproar , the mayor announced Thursday that he 's "  begun to work with professionals to make changes in my behavior and approach " and that he and his staff will have sexual harassment training . Filner also promised that he 'd personally reach out and apologize to those who now or have in the past worked in his office . "  Please know that I fully understand that only I am the one that can make these changes , " he said . Filner did not indicate he had any plans to resign . Politics is full of second chances Earlier this week , numerous reports -- including one from CNN affiliate KSWB -- said that Filner 's fiancee , Bronwyn Ingram , had called off their engagement for unspecified reasons . The Republican Party of San Diego cheered Ingram 's move on its Facebook page , saying "  she deserves better . " Since then , they have kept up their criticism of Filner and Democrats who , they allege , overlooked Filner 's behavior that they claim "  has been widely known ... for years . " In her remarks Thursday , Frye said she understood that "  there will be many opportunities to turn this into a political side show or worse . " The mayor himself can help address the crisis , and help San Diego , by stepping down , she said . "  I am asking our mayor and his closest advisers to please take this to heart , " the councilwoman said . "  To please hear what we are saying , and to do the right thing . " Read more : New York 's sex scandal candidates	A longtime backer of San Diego Mayor Bob Filner urges him to resign She says several women have outlined improper behavior by the mayor Filner admits , "  I 'm clearly doing something wrong , " but does n't resign He vows to personally apologize to current and former staffers , among other steps
CNN  -- Seriously , do n't believe everything you read on the Internet . Intentionally or not , the latest round of misleading stories making viral waves has made it harder to tell truth from fiction . Here 's a quick guide to some of the most viral fake stories this week : Facebook fees No , Facebook is not going to start charging you . Facebook even created a help page just to say this : "  Facebook is a free site and will never require that you pay to continue using the site . " The page then goes on to explain that , yes , you may pay money for some games and other apps you play on the site . And if you go over your mobile phone 's data limit while using Facebook , you 'll have to pay for that , too . That still too vague for you ? Maybe leaves a little too much wiggle room ? Well , then , let 's try this entry under Common Myths About Facebook . Question : Will Facebook ever charge for service ? Answers : No . We will always keep Facebook a free service for everyone . When contacted , a Facebook spokeswoman simply pointed to those two entries instead of providing a response . We 're guessing if someone had to answer this question for Facebook every time it came up , it would be a full-time job . Obamacare and Ebola coverage There 's no reason to think your health insurance would treat a case of Ebola any differently than it would any other illness because of Obamacare . But a false viral story making the rounds may have some people convinced otherwise . And , for that , we can thank National Report . That was where the most recent "  pay for Facebook " story originated , and it 's where this doozy comes from , too . National Report is a satire site , though it 's sometimes hard to tell if you just breeze through the headline and first few sentences of a story . We all know The Onion is fake news .  Well , almost all of us , anyway  . But sites such as National Report and The Daily Currant are n't so well-known or , for that matter , nearly as funny . In fact , the more cynical among us may think these sites are intentionally trying to drive traffic by pushing out seemingly real stories about hot topics . You know ... like how a controversial government policy addresses an unprecedented and frightening , if isolated , disease outbreak . NBA , NFL , Congress ... or none of the above ? If you like football and you hate Congress , well , welcome to 97 % of the population of the United States .  Full disclosure : We made up that statistic . But if you responded to the NFL 's recent off-the-field troubles by sharing a post that shows that our lawmakers are bigger lawbreakers than our football stars , you fell for a fake . The good people at Snopes , the Web 's BS meter since 1995 , are all over this one , as is PolitiFact . The so-called statistics -- 36 members of Congress have been accused of spousal abuse , three have been in jail for assault , 84 were arrested for drunk driving in a single year -- change from version to version . But these figures all go back to a 1999 online article that provided no source for its statistics and named none of the supposedly corrupt members of Congress . Under scrutiny , it was later retracted . Sorry , Pluto 's still not a planet But some smart people say it should be . So there 's that . Space geeks everywhere were saddened in 2006 when Pluto lost its status as our solar system 's ninth planet . So you can forgive them , perhaps for jumping the gun on social media when news appeared to hit recently that the tiny , chilly chunk of rock has been restored to its rightful place . Call this one a combination of enthusiasm , confusion and exaggeration . What actually happened was that the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics held a September 18 debate on whether Pluto should be restored to its full glory and four days later released the results of a vote by the audience . Pluto won . But in reporting that event , which has no official influence , many blogs and news sites appeared to go a bit too far , at least with their headlines . "  The People Have Voted : Pluto is a Planet ! " Time blared . "  Pluto Is a Planet Again , According to Harvard Astronomers , " another blog announced . So you can see how some of us who grew up with "  Interplanet Janet " rushed to the incorrect conclusion that we have "  nine planets large and small " again . Do n't microwave your iPhone Thanks , 4chan ! When Apple 's iOS 8 , the new operating system for mobile devices such as its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus , rolled out this month , some of the online message board 's notorious pranksters greeted it by crafting a fake ad for a new service . Wave , according to what we have to admit was a pretty authentic looking ad done in Apple 's trademark style , is a feature that "  allows your device to be charged wirelessly through microwave frequencies . " Just pop your phone in the microwave , and the battery will be all charged up . We 'd like to believe no one actually fell for this one . So , if you know otherwise , just do n't tell us .	Here are five fake stories making the rounds on Facebook The social media site has said repeatedly it will never charge users 4chan had fun with a fake iPhone microwave app story Congress has its problems , but a viral list of crimes is phony
Miles O'Brien , award-winning science journalist and former CNN correspondent and anchor , revealed in a blog post that his left arm was amputated recently after an accident . "  I wish I had a better story to tell you about why I am typing this with one hand  and some help from Dragon Dictate  , " he wrote . The story is not , he wrote with bittersweet humor , as "  entertaining " as an "  out-of-control quad copter that turns on its master , " or perhaps a shark attack or assassination attempt . What led to the loss of O'Brien 's arm was a case of TV gear . On February 12 , he was stacking cases onto a cart after a reporting trip to Japan and the Philippines , and one of them fell on his left forearm . "  It hurt , but I was n't all ' 911 ' about it . It was painful and swollen but I figured it would be okay without any medical intervention . Maybe a little bit of denial ? " O'Brien wrote . His arm seemed sore and swollen the next day , but did n't appear worse . That night , though , he experienced greater pain and swelling , and the next day asked the hotel where he was to refer him to a doctor . The doctor told O'Brien he may be experiencing acute compartment syndrome . This condition involves increased pressure in a muscle compartment , according to the National Institutes of Health . Muscles in the arms and legs are separated from each other by thick layers of tissue called fascia , and each fascia has space in it , called a compartment , with muscle tissue , nerves and blood vessels . When there is swelling in a compartment , pressure in that area will increase and press on the muscles , blood vessels and nerves . "  If this pressure is high enough , blood flow to the compartment will be blocked , " according to the NIH 's MedlinePlus resource . "  This can lead to permanent injury to the muscle and nerves . If the pressure lasts long enough , the muscles may die and the arm or leg will not work any more . It may need to be amputated . " Symptoms of severe cases of compartment syndrome include skin paleness , numbness , tingling , decreased sensation , weakness and severe worsening pain . Early diagnosis and treatment are key for a good recovery . Amputee pilot : O'Brien could return to flying ` in no time ' Patients need immediate surgery , which involves making long cuts through the muscle tissue to relieve pressure . O'Brien 's doctor recommended this procedure , also known as a fasciotomy . After entering surgery , O'Brien woke up to learn that his blood pressure had dropped during the procedure . To save him , the doctor had made the decision to amputate just above the elbow . "  He later told me it all boiled down to a choice ... between a life and a limb , " O'Brien wrote . Since then , O'Brien has dealt with "  phantom pain , the vicissitudes of daily life with one hand and the worries about what lies ahead , " he wrote . But he says he is grateful to be alive and urged readers not to worry . O'Brien , who covered the U.S. space program for CNN , currently lives in Washington and focuses on science , technology and aerospace in his journalistic work , which includes being the science correspondent for PBS NewsHour . His website says he frequently pilots his own airplane to assignments . He ended his blog post poignantly : "  Life is all about playing the hand that is dealt you . Actually , I would love somebody to deal me another hand right about now -- in more ways than one . " Artificial hand lets amputee feel objects	TV gear case fell on journalist Miles O'Brien 's arm He said doctor said he may have "  compartment syndrome " Early diagnosis and treatment are important in condition Doctor made the call to amputate during surgery
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A 25-year-old soldier from Vermont was killed in a bomb attack in Afghanistan , the Vermont National Guard said Saturday night . Spc. Ryan J. Grady of West Burke died early Friday morning after his military vehicle struck a roadside bomb near the Bagram Air Base , the National Guard said . "  Specialist Grady has made the ultimate sacrifice on behalf of a nation that he both loved and served as a member of the Vermont Army National Guard , " said Maj. Gen. Michael Dubie , Vermont Adjutant General . Grady served as a combat engineer with Company A  Eng  Special Troops Battalion located in Bradford , Vermont . He joined the U.S. Army in 2003 and took part in military operations in Iraq from February 2005 through January 2006 . He was given the Purple Heart for injuries he suffered during Operation Iraqi Freedom , the National Guard said . In October 2006 , he transferred to the Vermont Army National Guard . Two years later , he transferred to a battalion in Oklahoma , but returned to duty in the Vermont National Guard in September 2009 . He leaves behind his parents , two brothers , a wife and a daughter .	Soldier , 25 , dies when military vehicle hit roadside bomb Spc. Ryan J. Grady received Purple Heart for wounds he suffered during Iraq deployment He leaves behind his parents , brothers , a wife and a daughter
CNN  -- Football 's global governing body FIFA has licensed two manufacturers to install goal-line technology in stadiums across the world . FIFA announced in October it had approved the use of technology which would help officials decide whether or not a goal had been scored , with providers GoalRef and Hawk-Eye now licensed to produce their respective systems . Both companies were tested between October 2011 and June 2012 and have been inspected in simulated and real-life match situations . The technology will be used for the first time at the 2012 FIFA Club World Cup in December . British company Hawk-Eye is already well established within sport . The technology is already used in both tennis and cricket . GoalRef has been developed by German research institute Fraunhofer and involves using magnetic strips inside the ball to detect whether or not it has crossed the goal line . However , both GoalRef and Hawk-Eye 's technology must now pass a stadium test before either system can be used in a match . "  Once a system has been installed in a stadium , the system undergoes a final inspection to check its functionality , " read a statement on FIFA 's website . "  This is carried out by an independent test institute , and the results of this so-called ` final installation test ' must be successful . Only a positive final installation test qualifies a system to be used in official matches . " While other sports embraced goal-line technology , football dithered over its introduction . FIFA chief Sepp Blatter was only finally convinced of the need to provide technological help for referees after England were not awarded a goal despite Frank Lampard 's shot clearly bouncing inside the goal during a 4-1 defeat by Germany in the 2010 World Cup in South Africa . However , Michel Platini , head of European football 's lawmakers UEFA , remains a staunch opponent of the use of technology in football . UEFA has confirmed goal-line technology will not be used in European competitions such as the Europa League and the Champions League . Europe 's continental competitions will instead persist with the use of extra officials behind the goal to inform the referee 's decisions . The English Football Association is a well-known advocate of goal-line technology , although Tuesday 's announcement has come too late for either system to be used in this season 's FA Cup .	FIFA award licenses to goal-line technology developers GoalRef and Hawk-Eye World soccer 's lawmakers approved the use of goal-line technology in July Hawk-Eye is already used in tennis and cricket ; GoalRef developed by a German company The technology will be used for the first time at the FIFA Club World Cup in Japan
Sen. Elizabeth Warren told CNN she has been treated differently as a woman in the clubby upper chamber -- echoing the general sentiments of her colleague Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , who wrote about sexism in the Senate in a recent book . During a wide-ranging interview on the Colorado campaign trail -- where she was stumping for endangered incumbent Sen. Mark Udall -- CNN asked Warren whether she had experienced any different treatment as a woman . "  Yes , " she said . Would she elaborate ? "  Nope . " But was it surprising ? "  Not really , I wish it were , " she told CNN . "  But it 's hard to change these big , male dominated institutions . What I am very happy about is that there are now enough women in the United States Senate to bring change to that place and I think that 's just powerfully important . " There are now 20 women in the senate . Opinion : This is Elizabeth Warren 's moment Warren added : "  You know , others have said it before me . If you do n't have a seat at the table , you 're probably on the menu . " Warren 's comments did make one clear case : women will be treated as equals when there continue to be more women in the Senate . Warren did n't want to talk specifics , or how the different treatment manifested itself . "  I 've said all I am going to say , " ending that part of the conversation . In the book , Gillibrand recounted specific details of unnamed male senators remarking about her appearance -- even squeezing her waist . The rest of the interview was about Warren 's role as one of the Democratic Party 's most sought after surrogates this election year . Our story , airing today on the Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer , looks at Warren as the unusal Washington phenom -- a combination of loyal Democratic soldier and outside agitator , a party star who is willing to take on her own party -- including the president . And will she take on Hillary Clinton ? Watch the full piece .	Elizabeth Warren said she 's been treated differently as a woman in the Senate Warren would n't talk specifics of her treatment
CNN  -- Lately , the scandals just keep on coming about military men 's sexual harassment of their female colleagues . The headlines bring up a number of questions  in addition to a rising feeling of nausea  about male sexual predation : Are men biologically , unstoppably , wired for sexual aggression ? Or are they only sexually volatile if the culture where they grew up or where they work supports ideas about the sexual domination and objectification of women ? OK , we already know a lot about the answer to this question . Yes , there is some biological underpinning for male sexual aggression but also men will have different sexual beliefs and behaviors based on their early models  both family and friends  : whether or not they had close relationships with sisters or women friends , and whether they have been exposed to a culture of respect or disdain for women . Men are not helpless slaves to their DNA or their hormones . Your average Dad or boyfriend is not surreptitiously videotaping women in a school shower On the other hand , a sergeant at West Point  !  has been accused of doing just that , and taken with the variety of sexual offenses that seem to be epidemic in the military , one might reasonably assume that there is a vulnerability in a certain kind of man , in a certain kind of environment , for foul sexual behavior .  Can women be guilty of similar sexual trespass , yes , but it is rare , and not systemic in any institution . Hagel : Scourge of sexual assault ` must be stamped out ' This proclivity for ignoring women 's right to choose who sees them naked or who has sex with them is a manifestation of an unhealthy gender culture in the military , but it is n't unique to that institution . Many men still believe that their sexual appetite is irresistible , and that sexual access to women , by any means necessary , is a natural , even inalienable , right of men . Tempt men by putting women in a macho man 's club , and what do you expect ? I am not too sympathetic with this line of reasoning . If we follow its logic to its natural conclusion , we 'll need to cover up women everywhere , institute American purdah and get women out of public life so that men can harness their sexuality and focus on their job . But that is n't going to happen . Then what will it take to end this seemingly endless parade of men who harass and undermine military women ? I think we need a serious re-education program for all military men . Most young men will not have reviewed their sexual values or thought about why they feel or act the way they do in sexual situations before they enter the service . But particularly as more women enter combat roles , military men need to learn more about their own sexual psyche and why they may have feelings of aggression , entitlement or expect sexual privileges . I am not so naive that I believe a program or series of programs will change all men into feminists and gentlemen , but it will change many of them into safer colleagues and partners . Those men who ca n't be respectful need to be dismissed from service . Sex assaults threaten military trust , Obama tells Naval graduates This is n't an immediate fix . These kinds of programs would have to be instituted for every man at every rank throughout each branch of our military operations . Why ? Because let 's face it : You can only have so many cases of foxes guarding the hen house until you know that contempt for women 's sexual rights is threaded through the leadership as well as the rank and file . Tell me how several men , who were in charge of sexual harassment policy , were implicated in sex harassment ? What kind of careful selection process for those jobs would have produced the result of the enforcer becoming the offender ? Ultimately the debate over men 's true sexual nature is of minimal importance . I do n't care if we can prove that men are horny by nature ; civic and social life is by definition unnatural . We all have to learn how to work with our desires and operate in ways that respect everyone 's integrity and safety . If we change the gender culture in the military by changing men 's hearts and minds , their sexual "  nature " wo n't be a problem . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pepper Schwartz .	Pepper Schwartz : Many stories of males ' sex harassment of female colleagues She says newest example : West Point sergeant took pictures of women in shower She says many men still think their appetites and access to women are an inalienable right Schwartz : Military must require education program at every rank to teach men self control
CNN  -- Can-Do founder Eric Klein spent most of 2010 in Haiti helping people recover from the devastating earthquake . As he returns to Haiti in 2011 , his first stop will be at an orphanage that his charity helped rebuild last year . The 50 children there call him "  EK . " The orphanage is completely out of food and resources . "  When you get out there , it is again the first day of the disaster -- it is like you are there for the first time , " Klein said . "  The need is still so great -- the disaster is not over , and in some ways it is just getting worse . " "  Why do I do it ? Anger and frustration . If it was your kids , and you were in the same situation , you are going to do whatever you can . You are not going to stop . And for the aid workers , the Haitian people have become family and we are emotionally invested , so we will see it through . " For all the efforts of aid workers , Haiti is still struggling with tattered tent cities , scarce basic necessities , and a cholera epidemic that has killed more than 3,000 people . "  It is hard to go back , " Klein said . "  People are out there , risking their lives and trying to make a difference , but they are limited , and for many the funding is gone . There is so much to do in Haiti that it is overwhelming . " And while donors , and prospective donors , are frustrated with the results of the dollars they sent in the wake of the quake , Klein is frustrated too . "  I do n't want to say nothing has been done , and you do n't want to take away from the groups that are out there , trying their hardest to make a difference , " Klein said , "  but where is the master plan ? People are dying . People are running out of time . " According to Klein , nongovernment organizations working in Haiti are mostly responsible for slow progress , and he encourages donors to hold them accountable . But the Haitian election and resulting political turmoil have delayed the launching of much-needed recovery projects , he said . "  We have supplies right now with Haiti 's customs , still being processed , which was originally sent over there , and needed there , more than three weeks ago " Klein said . "  It discourages you when they are in total desperation and they look at you as the person to help them -- and your hands are tied . You ca n't get the stuff out and you go back to them empty-handed , and it is the worst feeling in the world . " Despite aid worker frustrations , Caryl Stern , president and CEO of the U.S. Fund for UNICEF , has seen improvement . During the earthquake , roughly 4,000 schools in and around Port-au-Prince were destroyed . By the end of 2010 , UNICEF had completed 57 semipermanent schools , with another 70 under construction . It has also re-equipped 2,000 temporary schools with learning materials such as backpacks , blackboards and furniture . Stern 's greatest encouragement is the children 's crisp white uniforms . "  A month ago I was awed by 40 schoolgirls at a semipermanent school , who were wearing spotless white school uniforms , " she said . "  Most of these girls are still living in tents , but every day they scrubbed their shirts , stretched them to remove wrinkles , folded them tightly to their textbook and placed them under their mattress . If this is what their future means to them , who am I to give up and say no ? " Her frustration with donor fatigue is that it has turned into an intellectual debate , weighing donations and speed of progress . Stern said this debate ignores the fact that these are people , and their lives are in the balance . "  I do n't want America to stop from asking these tough questions , because they have to keep all of us on the ball . I just want them to understand that the option to stop helping Haiti , while we address those questions , is that people will die , " Stern said . This additional crisis of cholera in Haiti is being met by organizations already dealing with exhausted volunteers , donor fatigue and doubt . "  We are really stretched right now in our own capacity , and we are making a call to other organizations to step up response . " said Jennifer Tierney , development director for Doctors Without Borders . Thus far , Doctors Without Borders has treated 84,500 people suffering from cholera , and the group does not see an end to the epidemic on the immediate horizon . Samaritan 's Purse has also issued an urgent call for medical professionals to volunteer in Haiti . In addition to volunteers , the group needs financial support to continue to provide medical supplies . It has sent 10 planeloads full of these supplies , but the supplies are barely keeping pace with the need . "  It can take 24 bags of IV solution , eight bags a day for three days , per person . If you then look at thousands of people affected , you can see the overwhelming need . " said Melissa Strickland of Samaritan 's Purse . She understands the frustration donors feel , and said the slow progress weighs heavy on the aid workers as well . "  It hits your heart , to see more suffering on top of suffering . We are working such long hours , and you just try to focus on what is being done , and hold the hand of the mom who is scared her baby is going to die , and you reassure her and tackle the task at hand -- you focus on that , and that is what keeps you going , " said Strickland .	Haitian customs processes are keeping medicine from getting to earthquake survivors , said Klein Schoolchildren in Haiti prize their donated uniforms , which gives aid workers encouragement Exhausted aid workers now helping cholera victims and comforting relatives of the sick
CNN  -- Investigators charged a former CIA officer Monday with disclosing classified information to journalists on several occasions . John Kiriakou , a CIA intelligence officer from 1990 to 2004 , illegally divulged information about two CIA employees and their involvement in classified operations between 2007 and 2009 , the Justice Department said in a statement . In a second case , the Justice Department said , Kiriakou disclosed the name and contact information of a CIA employee who participated in the operation to capture and question Abu Zubayda , who allegedly was al Qaeda 's top military strategist until his capture in 2002 . Interrogators used the controversial waterboarding technique on Zubayda 83 times in August 2002 , according to a government memo released years later by the administration of President Barack Obama . Kiriakou is charged with one count of violating the Intelligence Identities Protection Act "  for allegedly illegally disclosing the identity of a covert officer , " the Justice Department statement said . He also faces two counts of violating the Espionage Act for "  allegedly illegally disclosing national defense information " and one count of making false statements to a CIA board that reviews sensitive materials that employees propose to publish publicly . The last charges alleges that he tried "  to trick the CIA into allowing him to include classified information in a book he was seeking to publish , " the statement said .	John Kiriakou was a CIA intelligence officer from 1990 to 2004 He is charged with several counts related to illegally disclosing information Feds say he identified a CIA employee involved in capturing a top terror suspect That suspect was subjected to waterboarding 83 times , a government memo says
CNN  Just as the agency begins to recover from a series of high-profile missteps , the Secret Service is facing yet another scandal . A female employee accused Xavier Morales , a supervisor within the agency , of assault after he made sexual advances at her , according to The Washington Post . "  The woman told police and agency investigators that Morales , her boss , told her during the party at Capitol City Brewing Company that he was in love with her and would like to have sex with her , " and later tried to kiss her in the office , according to a report from The Washington Post . During the incident , he "  grabbed her arms when she resisted " and the two tussled until Morales gave up , sources told the paper . The Post reports that the March 31 party was in celebration of Morales ' new assignment as head of the Louisville field office . A Secret Service spokesperson confirms that Morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended . This incident was first reported on April 2 , and Secret Service Director Joe Clancy was briefed that afternoon . Clancy called the allegations "  very disturbing . " "  Any threats or violence that endangers our employees in the workplace is unacceptable and will not be tolerated , " he said in a statement . This is just the latest chapter for an organization embroiled in scandal over the past several months . Last month , two top-ranking officials were suspended following an incident at a White House command post during an investigation of a possible bomb . Clancy was not made aware of the episode until five days later . The agency has also faced scrutiny for another lapse in late January when a drone crash-landed on the White House lawn . Secret Service Director Julia Pierson resigned in September after a fence-jumper gained access to the East Room of the White House . Earlier in September , an armed security contractor was allowed to get into an elevator with President Barack Obama during a trip to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta . An independent report released in December found that the Secret Service is stretched "  beyond its limits , " needing more training , more staff , and a director from outside its ranks . Clancy , who formally assumed the post in February , is a 27-year veteran of the agency . "  It 's going to take time to change some of this culture , " Clancy said at a House Appropriations Committee hearing last month . "  There 's no excuse for this information not to come up the chain . That 's going to take time because I 'm going to have to build trust with our workforce . " The incident will be further investigated by the Office of the Inspector General .	Secret Service says supervisor 's security clearance has been suspended He is accused of trying to kiss a colleague
CNN  -- There is something deeply unsettling about this prickly , suspenseful first feature from writer director Sean Durkin . Although "  Martha Marcy May Marlene " is set exclusively in bucolic surroundings , on a farm somewhere in the Catskills and in a luxurious lakeside cabin in Connecticut , the film is pregnant with dread . The threat of violence , implied or imagined , haunts its troubled , many-named heroine from the opening minutes , when she makes her bid for freedom . She wakes in the pre-dawn , picks her way out of a slumbering room , heads out the front door and into the trees . But she does n't get far before someone raises the alarm for "  Marcy May , " and she breaks into a run . Later , after it seems she 's free and clear , the same man catches up with her in at a diner in a nearby town . He sidles up and makes easy conversation . There is no coercion , no physical duress in this public place , but the menace is almost overpowering . And then he leaves . Has she been relinquished ? Was she free to leave all along ? Marcy May -- or Martha , as she calls herself when she phones for help -- does not believe it . And sensing her traumatized , near-catatonic panic , nor do we . But it 's only gradually that we come to comprehend the reasons for her great distress . Durkin  who produced the chilly "  Afterschool "  does a very clever thing here . He cuts between Martha 's painfully incremental rehabilitation and recovery at the home rented by her older half-sister and her architect husband  Sarah Paulson and Hugh Dancy  , and flashbacks to Martha 's induction to the commune from which we 've already seen her escape . But the transitions are hard cuts , and often intentionally disorienting , so we 're not always immediately sure what 's past and present . It 's a confusion we share with Martha , who is haunted by nightmares from the farm and acts out in ways that her family is hard-pressed to accept , let alone understand . Durkin gestures here towards a surrealist satire in the culture-clash between the bourgeois sister and the reprogrammed , defiantly anti-materialist , sexually uninhibited Martha -- though it 's not clear his heart is really in it . The commune -- which initially seems idyllic and empowering -- gradually reveals its dark side , embodied both in the passive group-think of its members , and most disturbingly of all in the messianic Patrick  John Hawkes  . His soft-spoken self-help platitudes are more Dr. Phil than Charles Manson , until he gets to cocking his pistol and teaching the girls how to shoot . Hawkes is equally convincing , whether he 's serenading Marcy May on his guitar or blooding her in preparation for a nocturnal raid on the neighboring holiday cottages ; a little ad hoc redistribution of wealth to supplement the farm 's organic crop -- maybe the one sequence where Durkin , who has a talent for insinuation and withholding , oversteps the mark . But the movie stands or falls on Martha/Marcy May , and Durkin hit paydirt in casting Elizabeth Olsen . The younger sister to Mary Kate and Ashley , the 21-year-old Olsen is sensationally good , flipping between the innocent , impressionable beguilement of Marcy May  as Patrick rechristens her  and Martha 's crippling , bed-wetting anxiety and anger . It 's a punishing role but a star-making performance , a spellbinding portrait of a shattered young woman who has been systemically and cynically stripped of all autonomy , and who does n't know if the pieces will ever fit back together again .	Elizabeth Olsen stars in the title role of ` Martha Marcy May Marlene ' The audience shares in the confusion with Martha , who is haunted by nightmares Reviewer says it 's a spellbinding portrait of a shattered young woman
A Togolese opposition leader is calling on women to go on a weeklong sex strike to demand the freedom of protesters detained ahead of elections in the West African nation . Police arrested about 120 opposition supporters last week during clashes between protesters and security forces , according to Togolese human rights groups . Government officials said all but eight had been released , and those still detained were in possession of knives . "  You do n't go demonstrate with these , " security minister Damehane Yark said of the weapons . Demonstrators have taken to the streets in the capital of Lome for weeks to protest new electoral reforms they say favor the ruling party ahead of October 's parliamentary elections . They are seeking a repeal of changes to the electoral laws . Protests continued Saturday , with a female opposition leader calling for sex strikes starting Monday . "  I am inviting all women to observe a one-week sex strike , fasting and prayers to set our arrested brothers and husbands free , " said Isabelle Ameganvi , leader of the opposition Let 's Save Togo . "  So all you ladies have to keep the gate of your ` motherland ' locked up to all men from Monday up to Sunday . " The opposition leader said she is inspired by Liberian Nobel laureate and current President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , who in 2003 called on women in her nation to observe a sex strike to press for peace amid a raging war . Sex strikes have become a common way of civil disobedience in recent years . In 2009 , Kenyan women pressed for a sex strike to end bickering among coalition government officials . Last year , a group of women in a violence-plagued area of the Philippines slapped men with a sex ban until they promised to quit fighting . Their stand helped end clashes in July between villages in rural Mindanao Island . "  We have power to change things . We do not want to remain in the kitchen , but we can have our say in politics , " Ameganvi said . "  We can not stay hand-crossed , as our children and husbands are being kept in jail . " In addition to the sex strike , she called on women to wear a special color during a demonstration Thursday . "  You all have to be dressed up in red pants to show your anger , " she said , amid cheers . The actions will be among a series of civil disobedience events planned . "  If our people are not released by Thursday , the women are going to rush to the prison naked to get them released , only in red pants and nothing else , " she said . The security minister said any attempts to enter the prison will lead to arrests . "  We await them , " Yark said . " In a state of rule of law like ours , we will get them arrested for offending moral values . " Togolese officials invited the opposition for talks Friday , but it turned down the government invitation . "  We will not hold any discussions with the government except those aimed at negotiating President Faure Gnassingbe 's departure from power , " said constitutional law professor Zeus Ajavon , an opposition supporter . Togo has been led by the same family for more than 40 years . Gnassingbe Eyadema ruled for 38 years until his death seven years ago . His son has led the nation since then . Previously on CNN.com : Togo security forces clash with opposition over electoral law	Government official says a majority of detained protesters have been freed Demonstrators take to the streets in Lome to protest electoral reform The sex strike is to protest the arrest of demonstrators ahead of parliamentary elections The elections are set for October
CNN  -- A coalition of top musicians , including R.E.M. and Pearl Jam , want to know if their music was used by the U.S. military as part of controversial interrogation methods at the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Ruhal Ahmed , left , shown at a 2007 news conference , says he had to listen to hours of music at Guantanamo . The artists have endorsed a series of Freedom of Information Act requests , which were filed Thursday morning , asking the U.S. government to declassify documents that would reveal which artists ' work was used on detainees at U.S. prison facilities and military detention centers , including the one at Guantanamo Bay . The National Security Archive , a Washington-based independent research institute that advocates "  for the right to know , " filed the requests on behalf of the Close Gitmo Now campaign , which launched this week , the archive 's senior analyst Kate Doyle said . The multimillion-dollar national grassroots Close Gitmo Now campaign is aimed at pressuring members of Congress to support President Obama 's endeavor to close the Guantanamo Bay prison . It is supported by a coalition of retired generals and liberal activists . The requests are based on the testimony of former Guantanamo prisoners and guards , as well as declassified documents , that identified music from 35 artists -- ranging from AC/DC tunes to the theme from Sesame Street -- used in the interrogations of detainees , Doyle said . See a list of bands and songs involved  PDF "  We do know that songs and bands ' work has been used to abuse detainees , we know that , " she said . She added that any information that the National Security Archive obtains "  will add to the profile of this case . " The requests are being filed with "  a dozen different agencies and components of the Department of Defense , " Doyle said . They ask for any documents "  concerning the use of loud music during detention and/or as a technique to interrogate detainees at U.S.-operated prison facilities used in its War on Terror at Guantanamo , Iraq and Afghanistan during 2002-the present , " according to a copy of the FOIA request obtained by CNN . It is unclear if any of the artists plan to pursue legal action , but Doyle said she 'd be "  surprised if some of them were n't thinking about it . " Many of the artists supporting the campaign are no strangers to political activism , but this cause has hit close to home for some of them . "  We have spent the past 30 years supporting causes related to peace and justice . To now learn that some of our friends ' music may have been used as part of the torture tactics without their consent or knowledge is horrific , " the American rock band R.E.M. said in a statement posted on CloseGitmoNow.org . "  It 's anti-American , period . " Several former Guantanamo detainees have filed lawsuits against the U.S. government , saying they were tortured with numerous techniques , including loud music . "  It 's very scary to think that you might go crazy because of the music , because of the loud noise , " said Ruhal Ahmed , one of the former detainees who has filed a lawsuit . He said he had to listen to hours of headbanging music while held prisoner at Guantanamo in 2003 . The Pentagon has not responded directly to the allegations of torture involving music , but it has said that its policy has always been to treat detainees humanely . Loud music has not been used at Guantanamo since the fall of 2003 , following a Department of Defense review of detention operations and interrogation techniques , according to Maj. Diana Haynie , a Joint Task Force Guantanamo spokeswoman . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has asked a federal prosecutor to examine whether the interrogations violated the law , and the White House said Obama will leave any decision on charges to the Justice Department . And the Obama administration announced it would put the FBI in charge of a special unit set up to question suspected terrorists under White House oversight . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report	Freedom of Information Act requests seek to reveal what music used at facility Former prisoners say heavy metal , rock , children 's tunes were part of interrogations Numerous artists endorse "  Close Gitmo Now " campaign , FOIA requests To learn friends ' music was used in such a way is "  horrific , " rock band R.E.M. says
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Paul Ryan is trying to talk about the issue of poverty , but the talk so far has produced more problems than solutions . Trying to address the latest political snafu , the Wisconsin Republican said he was "  inarticulate " when he talked on a conservative radio program Wednesday about a "  tailspin of culture , in our inner cities in particular , of men not working and just generations of men not even thinking about working or learning the value and the culture of work . " Ryan , the head of the House Budget Committee and 2012 Republican vice presidential nominee , has begun to examine the issue of poverty over the past 18 months . He made the statements on Bill Bennett 's "  Morning in America " radio program . California Rep. Barbara Lee called his statement "  deeply offensive " and a "  thinly veiled racial attack " and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi 's press office called it "  shameful . " But are Democrats Lee and Pelosi engaging in political double standards ? The scarlet ` R ' Andra Gillespie , political science professor at Emory University , said personal bias and perspective dictate their response . "  Rightly or wrongly , when Republicans make comments about structural issues , that 's going to be perceived by some as paternalistic , " she said . Bob Woodson , who has known Ryan for years and heads the Center for Neighborhood Enterprise , an organization that works with people on the outskirts of society , said people "  should earn a right to be critical " by either living in or working with impoverished communities . Rand Paul fights for felon voting rights While Woodson admires Ryan 's interest in poverty and his willingness to travel to some of the most difficult neighborhoods with him and his organization , he said the lawmaker has n't yet earned the right to be critical "  at this point . " What about President Barack Obama , who has made similar statements about the structural problems of race and poverty ? Obama 's advantage At the launch of the new program "  My Brother 's Keeper , " tailored to help African-American and Latino youth succeed , Obama reeled off statistics that show minorities are more likely to be arrested and suspended from school and less likely to graduate . "  And the worst part is , we 've become numb to these statistics , " Obama said last month , adding that people should not make excuses . In addition to My Brother 's Keeper , Attorney General Eric Holder has made recent announcements that attempt to change the structural disadvantages facing people of color , including his support of a plan that would reduce prison sentences for some drug offenses . But it 's what a politician says and how he says it that matters . "  It 's going to be received differently from a black Democrat than from a white Republican , " Gillespie said . But criticism is n't reserved only for white Republicans . Obama not immune Since Obama , a black man who grew up without a father and worked in inner city Chicago , entered the national political scene , he has also been criticized for his rhetoric toward the black community . He was criticized by some for being patronizing after his commencement speech at Morehouse College last year , where he advised students to help a fellow young black man and be a good father and spouse . And after his Father 's Day address in 2008 , where he told black men to be involved in their children 's lives , Rev. Jesse Jackson was caught off camera saying Obama talks "  down to black folks . " John Edwards says Dems should do more on poverty Ryan 's second strike Ryan 's comments , however , were doubly troubling to some because he referenced one of the most offensive authors on the issue of race and class . "  You 're buddy Charles Murray or Bob Putnam over at Harvard -- those guys have written books on this , which is -- we have got this tailspin of culture , " Ryan said to Bennett . Murray , a self-described "  right-wing ideologue , " is the author of the book , "  The Bell Curve , " which hypothesizes that African-Americans social and economic disadvantages are because they are less intelligent than whites . Gillespie said that if a politician is going to talk about race and poverty and wants to be taken serious , "  Do n't invoke the man that wrote ` The Bell Curve . ' " Woodson , who worked at the conservative think tank , the American Enterprise Institute with Murray when "  The Bell Curve " was released in 1994 , agreed , saying he constantly tells Ryan to stop quoting conservative scholars because their polarizing rhetoric "  seeps into his speeches . " "  All of these guys ... do not talk to the people they write about , " Woodson said . "  The only thing they are passionate about is the failures of the poor . " Ryan 's recent interest in poverty is likely to culminate in policy proposals that are , based on his recent speeches , going to advocate fewer government-centered poverty programs . In a statement Thursday , one day after his controversial remarks , Ryan said he was trying to make a larger point : That "  we can not settle for this status quo and that government and families have to do more and rethink our approach to fighting poverty . " This flare-up comes less than two weeks after he released a report analyzing 92 federal anti-poverty programs , concluding that are a confusing patchwork of often ineffective prescriptions to combating the problem . Woodson says Ryan 's remarks damage his attempt to be authoritative on anti-poverty legislation and issues . It 's only "  a minor setback , " he added . Instead , Woodson advised that Ryan needs to talk about the people he has met in the communities he has visited . Ryan did a version of that last week at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference where he told a story about a child who wanted to bring a brown bag lunch to school instead of receiving free lunch because it showed that someone cared . But that story was not true and he was forced to issue a correction .	Rep. Paul Ryan has responded to criticism about comments over inner city "  culture " Ryan was addressing structural problems that lead to poverty on conservative radio show President Barack Obama has made similar statements about inner-city poverty
CNN  -- I recently left the Global Forum on Innovation & Technology Entrepreneurship in South Africa , inspired , empowered and hopeful , but extremely impatient to see radical changes to help women in Africa develop a world-class talent in science , technology , engineering , mathematics and businesses . Throughout the event I saw women who were passionate entrepreneurs . They were all seeking new ways of growing their businesses . The women discussed challenges and barriers to success , and how to take their business to the next level . They wanted to grow their network and create global partnerships . Women hold the key to Africa 's development , from agriculture to technology and entrepreneurship . But they still face massive hurdles in many areas of development and they are still financially disadvantaged and lack confidence in starting up businesses in Africa . Mid-career dropout is frequent ; cultural and social boundaries also are hurdles women need to overcome every day . Gender inequality is also a major issue for women looking to get loans from banks ; often , they are not taken seriously . In most African countries women account for a sizable part of the workforce , but still , there are not many places where women entrepreneurs can go for mentoring and support for their businesses . Read this : ` African women need a hand-up not a hand-out ' NGOs and global development organizations have for decades hidden the potential of African women by using them as objects of development and statistics . As Chelsey Rhodes recently wrote , we should not see African women as objects of compassion , microloan applicants or demeaning factory-job seekers . You rarely see an African woman millionaire mentioned in the media , unless she is the daughter of the leader of Angola or an elite Oxford/Harvard graduate . Those women do n't have the time or knowledge to mentor the grassroots of talented young women who are coding and developing apps in Dakar , Senegal , and Kibera in Kenya . We need to make changes and start paying attention to these young women entrepreneurs in Africa . Technology presents new opportunities for African women who want to take their rightful place in society . African women are already using information technology to build networks and partnerships . Sophisticated mobile phones owned by women in cities like Lagos are being used to pass all sorts of information from factory to factory and village to village , delivering a message of openness and freedom . Social media such as Twitter and Facebook has also helped them spread their stories . Read this : 10 African tech voices to follow on Twitter Technology is also helping women shape the agricultural landscape by breaking down traditional social barriers . Women can now get access to information on their land , stocks and even health matters . In Kampala and Senegal , women are using SMS to help plan for a family , with basic information on sex education and birth control being delivered on their cell phone . Mobile money is also helping them to receive and send money safely and confidently . Read this : Fighting cancer with cell phones And women are also contributing to creating technology . Recently , we have seen a rise of women coders in Senegal , Kenya , Uganda , Ethiopia , Tanzania and DR Congo . But increasing participation and representation of women across the continent is difficult when in many countries women are held back from full and fair participation in public and technological life . We have to build the pipelines for the next generation of African women leaders , and the only way we can do that is to start finding and creating a good ecosystem for women . With that in mind , Africa Gathering is this week celebrating five years of sharing positive ideas . The event is being held in London on June 21 and 22 , and the theme is "  Hands-on technology : Rise of the makers , the dynamic and the disruptive thinkers in Africa . " Over two days , this conference for innovators , investors and those with a passion for our continent , will feature world-class speakers and roundtable sessions to cast a spotlight on change-makers , many of them women . And among other things , the event will demonstrate how African innovators -- especially women -- are taking the lead in developing amazing local technological solutions . For more information go to : http://africagathering2013london.eventbrite.com/ The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mariéme Jamme .	Women entrepreneurs hold key to Africa 's development , writes Mariéme Jamme Gender inequality is limiting women 's potential on the continent , she says Mobile phones are giving women information and new opportunities
CNN  -- Guatemala 's former first lady , who divorced the sitting president in order to run herself for the top post , had her candidacy rejected by the country 's electoral tribunal Wednesday . The decision is a setback for Sandra Torres , who announced her intention to run for president in March , but had been dogged by critics who called her candidacy illegitimate because of a constitutional article that bars relatives of the president from seeking the high office . To get around this law , Torres split from her husband , President Alvaro Colom . Many called the divorce a sham and many individuals , organizations and political parties filed motions to block it , but a judge allowed it . Torres ' party , National Unity of Hope , or UNE , confirmed the disqualification and said they would appeal , the state-run AGN news agency reported . The electoral tribunal rejected Torres ' candidacy due to "  legal fraud , " stemming from the divorce , AGN reported . The tribunal did not give further details , the agency said .	Sandra Torres divorced the president so she could run for the office There is a law that relatives of the president can not run The country 's electoral tribunal rejected her candidacy
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A new sleeper virus that could allow hackers to steal financial and personal information has now spread to more than eight million computers in what industry analysts say is one of the most serious infections they have ever seen . Experts say a single infected laptop could expose an entire network to the worm . The Downadup or Conficker worm exploits a bug in Microsoft Windows to infect mainly corporate networks , where -- although it has yet to cause any harm -- it potentially exposes infected PCs to hijack . Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at anti-virus firm F-Secure , says while the purpose of the worm is unclear , its unique "  phone home " design , linking back to its point of origin , means it can receive further orders to wreak havoc . He said his company had reverse-engineered its program , which they suspected of originating in Ukraine , and is using the call-back mechanism to monitor an exponential infection rate , despite Microsoft 's issuing of a patch to fix the bug . "  On Tuesday there were 2.5 million , on Wednesday 3.5 million and today -LSB- Friday -RSB- , eight million , " he told CNN . "  It 's getting worse , not better . " Hypponen explained to CNN the dangers that Downadup poses , who is most at risk and what can be done to stop its spread . How serious is it ? It is the most serious large scale worm outbreak we have seen in recent years because of how widespread it is , but it is not very serious in terms of what it does . So far it does n't try to steal personal information or credit card details . Who is affected ? We have large infections in Europe , the United States and in Asia . It is a Windows worm and almost all the cases are corporate networks . There are very few reports of independent home computers affected . What does it do ? It is a complicated worm most likely engineered by a group of people who have spent time making it very complicated to analyze and remove . The real reason why they have created it is hard to say right now , but we do know how it replicates . How does it spread ? The worm does not spread over email or the Web . However if an infected laptop is connected to your corporate network , it will immediately scan the network looking for machines to infect . These will be machines that have not installed a patch from Microsoft known as MS08-067 . The worm will also scan company networks trying to guess your password , trying hundreds and hundreds of common words . If it gets in , even if you are not at your machine , it will infect and begin spreading to other servers . A third method of spreading is via USB data sticks . How can I prevent it infecting my machine ? The best way is to get the patch and install it company-wide . The second way is password security . Use long , difficult passwords -- particularly for administrators who can not afford to be locked out of the machines they will have to fix . What can I do if it has already infected ? Machines can be disinfected . The problem is for companies with thousands of infected machines , which can become re-infected from just one computer even as they are being cleared .	A new sleeper virus has now spread to more than eight million computers Industry analysts say is one of the most serious infections they have ever seen The worm exploits a bug in Microsoft 's ubiquitous Windows software Virus could allow its creators to hijack entire networks
United Nations  CNN  -- Edward Norton -- Oscar-nominated actor of "  American History X " and "  Primal Fear " fame -- is the latest Hollywood star to lend his celebrity status in support of a United Nations cause . Secretary-General Ban ki-Moon named Norton U.N. goodwill ambassador for biodiversity Thursday . "  Edward Norton has brought global star power to global issues -- community development and conservation , causes that are clearly close to his heart , " Ban said in a statement after appointing Norton . "  It is an issue that I 've been engaged with on many different levels for a number of years , " Norton said at U.N. Headquarters in New York . "  But it 's very , very exciting to be asked to engage with it on the level of the U.N. with its incredible capacity and reach . " As opposed to focusing on dated methods of conservation such as setting aside preserved areas of land , Norton said in his new role he would work on addressing human needs , which he said he believes is "  the key to long-term preservation . " "  People have recognized that fragmenting the ecosystems or creating protected pockets is not actually authentic to the way ecosystems work , " he said . Norton has been an advocate for many causes , recently helping to launch a social networking platform , Crowdrise , aiming to boost global participation in charitable work . He is also a board member of the Maasai Wilderness Conservation Trust , and ran the New York City Marathon last year , helping to raise over $ 1 million for the trust and local communities in Kenya supported by the group . As biodiversity goodwill ambassador , he will be "  increasing people 's focus on the fact that human well-being is intertwined fundamentally with biodiversity , " Norton said . "  I think catastrophic events like what 's happening in the Gulf with the oil spill do highlight for people that there is enormous ramification for human well-being through a loss of biodiversity , " Norton said . Norton is also using his creative talents as a filmmaker to raise conservation awareness . He said his company , Class 5 Films , has worked television projects and on a potential feature film with environmental themes . According to the U.N. , biodiversity is "  essential in sustaining the living networks and systems that provide the world population with health , wealth and food and fuel . " This year marks the international year of biodiversity for the United Nations . By the end of the year , the U.N. hopes to see a significant reduction in rates of biodiversity loss through practices such as deforestation , excess cultivation and over-fishing that damage the environment and contribute to overall global poverty .	U.N. secretary-general names actor Edward Norton as goodwill ambassador Focus will be on biodiversity , including land conservation and preservation Norton already is advocate for many causes Oscar-nominated actor 's films include "  American History X , " "  Primal Fear "
CNN  -- At a women 's leadership event , Vice President Joe Biden on Friday briefly praised a senator notoriously known for resigning amid sexual harassment allegations . Biden , a former senator who authored the Violence Against Women Act in 1994 , was listing women 's issues at the center of congressional fights between Republicans and Democrats . As he often does , Biden said he missed the old guard in the GOP , some of whom he said were strong backers of now Democratic priorities like raising the minimum wage and equal pay . Biden says use of term ` Shylocks ' was a poor choice This time , he singled out former Sens. Bob Packwood of Oregon and Charles "  Mac " Mathias of Maryland as examples . "  It was Republicans that were involved , " Biden said at the event , hosted by the Democratic National Committee . "  Guys like Mac Mathias and Packwood and so many others . It was n't Democrats alone . Republicans were the sponsors of the raises of the minimum wage . I could go on and on . I 'm not joking : This is not your father 's Republican Party , or your mother 's Republican Party . " Packwood , a senator for 26 years , was known for his pro-choice stance and had support from feminist groups , including Planned Parenthood . Joe Biden goes to Iowa with a bunch of nuns But in 1995 , the Senate Ethics Committee recommended that he be expelled from Congress because of sexual and official misconduct . Ten women had accused him of sexual harassment . At the urging of even his closest colleagues , Packwood resigned . A source close to Biden , who asked not to be named , said , "  Throughout his entire career , the vice president has been a leading voice in the fight to stop violence against women . " His speech came just days after Biden , who has n't ruled out a presidential bid in 2016 , said he regretted using what 's considered an anti-Semitic term in a separate speech . CNN 's Becky Brittain , Sara Fischer , and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Joe Biden praises former Sen. Bob Packwood at a women 's event in Washington Packwood resigned infamously amid allegations of sexual harassment in 1995 Biden championed the Violence Against Women Act in 1994 Packwood had been known for pro-choice stance and had support from feminist groups
LOS ANGELES , California -- On Earth Day on Wednesday , Dr. David Jentsch marched at the head of a column of UCLA students and faculty members to the chant of , "  Stand up for science ! " Across the street a smaller but equally vocal group of animal rights advocates chanted , "  U-C-L-A , how many animals have you killed today ! " Animal rights activists say large numbers of animals are killed each year during medical trials . Until recently , Jentsch had never dreamed he would lead a political demonstration . But Jentsch 's life took a sharp turn last month when his car was firebombed in his driveway . A radical group of animal rights activists claimed responsibility for the act . "  This is terror , " Jentsch said . "  There is no two ways about it . It 's extremism . It 's an attempt to intimidate . " It was the latest in a string of arson attacks against UCLA researchers who use animals in medical research projects . Since 2006 , there have been seven attacks aimed at researcher 's homes or cars . No arrests have been made in the cases , which are being investigated by an FBI lead task force on terrorism . "  We believe it 's just a matter of time before someone is going to be hurt , " said FBI Assistant Director in Charge Salvador Hernandez . "  The intent of these groups is to intimidate and coerce . " Hernandez heads up the task force investigating the series of attacks and says their actions qualify as terrorist attacks . But animal rights advocate Chris DeRose says nothing could be further from the truth "  There has never been one human being in this country being killed or even hurt , " he said . He believes the university researchers are the bad guys . "  What I do condemn is what goes on behind those walls , " he says . DeRose , founder of Last Chance for Animals , says he does n't condone firebombing researchers ' homes , but he does n't condemn it either . Watch people against animal research at protest " "  The reason these people are doing it is because they have been pushed ... nobody is listening ... over a hundred million animals a year are killed in universities and major hospitals in this country , " he said . Jentsch argues that same medical research using lab animals has lead to many medical breakthroughs that benefit mankind . UCLA points to research advances in breast cancer treatments , Parkinson 's disease and artificial heart technology that relied on experiments involving lab animals at their California facilities . Jentsch 's own research involves studies aimed at treating drug addiction in humans . He studies the brains of monkeys that have been injected with methamphetamine . He says his experiments are peer-reviewed and adhere strictly to established rules for the treatment of lab animals . Watch supporters of animal research at protest " Jentsch says that he hopes that this week 's dueling demonstrations can lead to a dialogue . He believes many of the protestors voicing opposition to the UCLA labs do not endorse the string of violent acts aimed against him and other researchers , "  but it is essential for them to repudiate this type of activity . " In the meantime , Jentsch says he refuses to be intimidated . "  I 'm going to continue to live where I live , continue to educate people about my work , " he said . "  I 'm not going to stop . "	Dr. David Jentsch joins protest after his car was firebombed last month Activists condemn use of animals as subjects for medical research Since 2006 , there have been seven attacks aimed at researcher 's homes or cars Jentsch : "  This is terror . There is no two ways about it . It 's extremism "
Garissa , Kenya  CNN  Days after a horrific Al-Shabaab attack on its soil , Kenya launched airstrikes targeting the terror group in Somalia , according to a military source , who insisted the strikes were not retribution for last week 's massacre at Garissa University College that killed nearly 150 people . "  The latest attack of Al-Shabaab bases by the Kenya military is part of the ongoing operations that started in 2011 . It is not a retaliation to the Garissa attack . The operation has been ongoing , " the military source said Monday . It is customary for Kenyan military sources not to give their names to media . Two of the airstrikes hit Al-Shabaab training camps , according to a resident of the southwest Somalian town of Bardera , almost 200 kilometers  125 miles  from the Kenyan border , and a local journalist who asked not to be named out of fear for his safety . The Kenyan military began its bombing raids Sunday afternoon , targeting the Al-Shabaab stronghold of Godon Dhawe , Somali resident Ibrahim Mohammed said . Godon Dhawe is between Bardera and the Somalia-Kenya border . Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia , has claimed responsibility for the university attack . Also Monday , a police source said Kenyan authorities had intelligence beforehand that a university in Garissa could be attacked , yet the country 's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi for hours after the massacre began , arranging for transport . It 's not clear exactly why the elite team was stuck in the Kenyan capital , roughly 370 kilometers  230 miles  west of the attack , but the police source in Garissa told CNN that Kenyan politicians and Nairobi-based journalists arrived on the scene before the team did . Journalists on the ground corroborated that report . Once the team entered the university complex , the situation was quickly defused , journalists and the police source said . Manoah Esipisu , a spokesman for Kenya 's president and deputy president , defended the response time , telling CNN there is always criticism regarding whether "  you reacted as fast as you have or should n't have . " "  With the benefit of hindsight you can always say things could have been done better , " he said , adding that Kenyan authorities saved a lot of students and "  got the job done . " Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed echoed those remarks in a Monday interview with CNN , saying the response was sufficient and denying reports that it was the elite rapid response team alone that brought an end to the situation . "  We have a military garrison in Garissa , and the work began immediately after the attack was reported and continued for a number of hours until we were able to rescue 663 students of the 800 students that had been taken hostage by these terrorists . So the response was adequate , " she said . She repeated Esipisu 's assertion that dubbing the response slow is a reaction that comes only with the luxury of hindsight . "  Obviously when parents are grieving and the country is mourning , it 's always easy to fall back on things like that , but I can assure you that we took very quick action as soon as this was reported , " Mohamed said . "  Obviously hindsight is always 20/20 . We did everything that we could do . " The Kenyan government says Mohamed Mohamud is the mastermind of Thursday 's terrorist attack on Garissa University College . The country 's Interior Ministry singled out Mohamud , a senior leader of Al-Shabaab , on Twitter . He is also known by the aliases Dulyadin and Gamadhere , it said . Mohamud is "  credited with having an extensive terrorist network within Kenya , " according to a Kenyan ministry document given to CNN . The ministry posted a "  most wanted " notice for Mohamud . It offers a reward of 20 million Kenyan shillings , about $ 215,000 . "  We appeal to anyone with any info on #Gamadhere to share with relevant authorities and security agencies , " the Interior Ministry posted on Twitter . Mohamud is in charge of external operations against Kenya , the document says , and he is the regional commander within Al-Shabaab in charge of the Juba region . In this role , he commands the militia along the border and "  is responsible for cross-border incursions in the country . " His position as one of Al-Shabaab 's top field commanders in southern Somalia has brought him into direct conflict with Kenyan troops deployed as part of African Union forces in the country . "  This is a man who has a lot of grudges against the Kenyans , " said Stig Jarle Hansen , an associate professor at Oslo 's Norwegian University of Life Sciences and author of "  Al-Shabaab in Somalia : The History and Ideology of a Militant Islamist Group . " Mohamud 's network extends within the Dadaab refugee camp , the document says . Dadaab is the world 's biggest refugee camp , home to thousands of people , according to the United Nations . It 's in Kenya 's North Eastern Province near Somalia . Garissa , the town where the university attack took place , is about 150 kilometers  90 miles  from the Somali border . It 's within "  striking distance " of Mohamud 's stronghold in Somalia 's Middle Juba province , Hansen told CNN . But he noted that Mohamud is better known "  for tactical military attacks rather than terrorist attacks . " Inside Garissa University College dorm 's scene of slaughter Over the weekend , Al-Shabaab promised to bring about "  another bloodbath " in Kenya . Though the terrorist group is based in Somalia , it has n't confined its violence to the lawless nation . In 2013 , militants attacked Nairobi 's upscale Westgate Mall . Mohamud has claimed responsibility for several attacks in the past few years , including December 's attack on a quarry in a Kenyan village near the Somali border , which killed at least 36 people . In that attack , Al-Shabaab militants separated non-Muslim workers from their Muslim counterparts and killed them . Mohamud is Kenyan and has three wives and three siblings , including two with links to Al-Shabaab , the document says . He 's from a clan , the Ogaden , that has a heavy presence in Kenya and Somalia , Hansen said . "  The borders historically have been meaningless to them , " he said . CNN exclusive : Exposing smuggler routes across the Somalia-Kenya border On Sunday , Kenya 's Interior Ministry identified another terrorist involved in the Garissa University College attack as Abdirahim Abdullahi . Abdullahi 's father , Abdullahi Daqare , a government chief in Mandera in northern Kenya , told CNN that his son was missing . Daqare is a Kenyan Somali , he said . His son graduated in 2013 from Nairobi University law school and worked for a bank for two months before he went missing , Daqare said in a phone interview . "  I have received reports from people who found information  on  the Internet that my son was one of the terrorists , " Daqare said . "  I previously told the government that the son is missing . I sought their help to find the whereabouts of my son . " He added that the two had not been in contact since his son disappeared . Daqare said he had "  really given up on him . " On Sunday , families of some of the more than 147 people slain at Garissa University College left a mortuary in Nairobi after identifying the bodies of their loved ones . One woman almost had to be carried out . "  Why ? Why ? Where are you , my children ? " she wailed . Across Garissa , there was a sense of fear , foreboding and grief . The news agency Reuters videotaped a man holding his daughter 's hand at a church as military patrols and security officials searched people . A church member told the agency , "  Nowhere is safe , but here in church you can come , you be with God and then you just console yourself . " Three days of national mourning for victims of the attack , declared by Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta , began Sunday . CNN 's Christian Purefoy and Lilian Leposo reported from Garissa ; Eliott C. McLaughlin and Greg Botelho wrote from Atlanta ; and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Mick Krever , David McKenzie , Dominique van Heerden , Nick Migwi , Ashley Fantz , Florence Obondo , Jessica King and journalist Omar Nor contributed to this report .	"  We did everything that we could do , " Kenya 's foreign minister says Despite intelligence , rapid response team stuck in Nairobi for hours after massacre , official says Al-Shabaab 's Mohamed Mohamud "  has a lot of grudges against the Kenyans , " expert says
CNN  Ten dollars -- that 's all that Rwandan science teacher Cephas Nshimyumuremyi had to start his business with two years ago . It may sound less than promising , but Nshimyumuremyi made that initial initial investment go a long way . Today , his company Uburanga Products , which makes herbal jelly and soap from local medicinal plants , is worth $ 30,000 and employs 12 workers . "  The $ 10 helped me to purchase the empty bottle in order to put my product on the market , " says Nshimyumuremyi , winner of the Educat -- GT Bank Entrepreneurship Award 2014 , a local business prize . His idea for natural cosmetics with healing properties came from trying to teach his students how the science they were learning in class could be applied in practical ways : "  I teach chemistry so I showed my students how you can test a plant , and know the capacity of that plant to kill bacteria , " says the young entrepreneur , who launched his company in a bid to supplement his income from teaching Nshimyumuremyi also wanted to use the local medicinal plants , used by some traditional healers , in a scientific way . He says his future goal is to provide the solution for "  some skin diseases in Africa . " ` Start with little , use your knowledge ' Herbs used in Nshimyumuremyi 's remedies are grown in a botanical garden , then dried and mixed to create either soap or jelly . "  The products made by Uburanga help the skin to be smooth and they protect from bacteria which can cause skin disease , " says the entrepreneur . Like with many new businesses , the greatest challenge Nshimyumuremyi had to overcome was getting the word about his product out to a wider audience , without having money to advertise . Another was the high cost of containers in which his products are sold , which he had to import : "  In our country there is no industry producing such kind of bottles and cartons , so we purchase them from Kampala -LSB- Uganda -RSB-  , " Nshimyumuremyi says . His message to fellow would-be entrepreneurs thinking of starting a business is encouraging : "  Do n't think that you need a lot of capital , " he says . "  Start with little , but use the knowledge and the environment that you already have . " Check out the video below to find out more about Nshimyumuremyi 's efforts to grow his cosmetics company . Read this : Got an idea ? There 's $ 100 million available ... Read this : Catch a ride on a bamboo bike More African Start-Up	Science teacher Cephas Nshimyumuremyi started his skincare company with just $ 10 He produces herbal soaps and jellies made of local medicinal plants The entrepreneur says you do n't need a lot of capital to start a business
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- South African President Jacob Zuma has sent a delegation to neighboring Zimbabwe to rescue what appears to be a cracking power-sharing government formed last year by President Robert Mugabe and his former political foe , Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai . Wednesday 's visit to Harare by Zuma 's team was prompted by an appeal Tsvangirai made to the South African leader -- who has a regional responsibility under the Southern African Development Community to mediate in Zimbabwe 's power-sharing deal -- to help solve what he called a constitutional crisis . Last week , Tsvangirai publicly accused Mugabe of making unilateral decisions in the 20-month-old coalition government . As a result , Tsvangirai wants diplomats posted by Mugabe to the United Nations in Geneva , Switzerland , and New York , the European Commission , South Africa , Sweden and Italy not to be accredited . Tsvangirai threw confusion into the coalition government after he said he would not recognize the legitimacy of some 10 ministers , five judges , the attorney general , chief of police and the head of the central bank head . The prime minister charged that Mugabe appointed all of them without the consensus required by Zimbabwe 's constitution . Charles Nqakula , one of the three delegates from Pretoria , played down the latest developments in Zimbabwe . "  We are back here as part of our monitoring exercises to check with political parties here what has happened since the last -LSB- SADC -RSB- summit -LSB- in August -RSB- , " Nqakula said upon arrival in Zimbabwe on Wednesday . "  Our coming here is part of the broader task to monitor what is happening here . " He said that coming out of the SADC summit , "  there was a desire to check after at least a month ... to what extent the decisions of the summit had been carried forward . " "  We will hear from the people we are going to meet what decisions have been implemented , " he said . Nqakula said the delegation would meet with Mugabe , Tsvangirai and Zimbabwe 's deputy prime minister , Arthur Mutambara .	Visit to Zimbabwe was prompted by an appeal from Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai Tsvangirai asked for S. African leader 's help in solving a "  constitutional crisis " Tsvangirai has accused President Robert Mugabe of making unilateral decisions One delegate says visit is simply part of a "  broader task to monitor " the situation
Hong Kong 's teenage protest leader Joshua Wong has begun a hunger strike with two members of his youth activist group Scholarism in his latest attempt to secure talks with the government to demand democracy . "  I know it is really harmful to my body , however it is the only way to give pressure to the government to get a meeting with us , " Wong told CNN . "  If the government can have a proper meeting with Scholarism to discuss whether political reform will be launched immediately , we will stop the hunger strike . " The 18-year-old activist wants open elections for Hong Kong 's next leader , but Beijing has said Hong Kong may only hold elections if candidates are nominated by a small committee . READ MORE : Who is Joshua Wong ? Wong 's hunger strike is an attempt to rally a movement which has shown growing signs of fracture . Protesters have camped more than two months on an eight-lane highway in Hong Kong 's Admiralty district , but the government has shown no willingness to make concessions . The movement 's momentum has sputtered and leaders of different protest groups are split over what action to take . Hong Kong 's chief executive C.Y. Leung responded to news of the hunger strike by telling students to "  take care of their health , especially in this cold weather . " The city 's temperature has dipped to a crisp 15 degrees Celsius  59 Fahrenheit  after months of heat and humidity . Wong says he will only consume water . ` We are all tired ' Reactions were mixed to Wong 's announcement of the hunger strike . "  Kid , you 're too young . You think  Hong Kong 's leader  will give you real universal suffrage because of a hunger strike ? " said one commenter . Other democracy supporters accused Wong of staging the hunger strike as a way of achieving a "  glorious retreat " without accomplishing anything . An online statement issued by Scholarism , acknowledged the hunger strike was a desperate measure . "  We are all tired , our hearts are weary ; as we face this high wall of a government we are like a weak , frail , egg , " it said . "  But we are not afraid of people laughing at our dreams ; we are afraid of hearing the sounds of our broken dreams in the future , afraid of having no more dreams at all . " Scholarism is not new to hunger strikes : In 2012 , members of the group staged a hunger strike outside Hong Kong 's government headquarters to oppose a proposed pro-Communist high school curriculum . After vocal protests from thousands of supporters , officials eventually withdrew the plan . Occupy founders announce ` surrender ' Not long after Wong 's hunger strike began , the three middle-aged founders of the Occupy Central movement announced they would not escalate their actions , but would instead surrender to police . "  For the sake of the occupiers ' safety , for the sake of our original intention of love and peace , as we prepare to surrender , we three urge the students to retreat , " law professor Benny Tai announced at a press conference . Tai first came up with the idea to "  occupy " downtown Hong Kong to call for universal suffrage but he has not always seen eye-to-eye with students leaders , who kicked off the current protests two months ago . Many of Hong Kong 's committed protesters do not consider the Occupy founders to be their leaders , and are unlikely to be influenced by Tai 's call for retreat . Wong told CNN if the Occupy founders want students to retreat , then "  the Occupy founders  should urge the government to get a discussion with the students . " Standoff Student leaders have grown increasingly desperate for a breakthrough . On Sunday night , student leaders called on supporters to surround Hong Kong 's government headquarters Sunday night , leading to a violent nighttime standoff with police in which protesters were bloodied and ultimately beaten back . The next morning , police briefly moved on the main protest site , removing some tents , banners , and barricades before withdrawing . Student leader Alex Chow , 24 , of the Hong Kong Federation of Students bowed his head in an apology to supporters Monday . "  We aimed to disrupt the operation of the government ... but the plan had room to improve and in a sense it failed . " Before dawn Monday , at least 40 arrests had been made in Admiralty , according to the Hong Kong Police . A further 12 people were also arrested in Mong Kok . The Central Government Office was closed on Monday morning but later re-opened . The government said it condemned "  violent radicals , " saying they had "  provoked and verbally abused police officers " and encouraged others to charge police lines . Protesters : "  We do not have any plan ' Wong was briefly arrested last week as police forcefully cleared Hong Kong 's second-largest protest site in the working class neighborhood of Mong Kok . Now as the main protest site comes under threat , protesters have been at a loss for how to best respond . Arguments broke out Monday between student leaders and demonstrators after police made an incursion into the tent city . Winnie Ng , a demonstrator , told CNN "  We do not have any plan . " Grassroots demonstrators have argued the movement should escalate its physical confrontations with the government . But the orginators of the Occupy movement , among them Benny Tai and professor Chan Kin-man , have repeatedly called on students to withdraw and think of a new strategy , citing opinion polls that show low support for the street occupations . In a poll in November , just 13 % of Hong Kongers surveyed said the occupations should continue .	Teen protest leader Joshua Wong declares hunger strike He tells CNN it 's the "  only way " to pressure the government Hong Kong chief executive responds : "  Take care of your health " Occupy founders announce surrender to police
CNN  -- I have a mission for you . One so lofty , so arduous , so utterly impossible that many of you may abandon the cause . We 're going to reclaim the Facebook Poke . Why ? For the same reason we climb mountains , cross seas and eat an entire pie in one sitting : Because it 's there . Yes , since the inception of the social networking site , the mysterious option to poke friends has been available -- and it has n't really changed since then . In the early days of Facebook , a version of the FAQ noted that Mark Zuckerberg and Co. just wanted to create something with no real purpose . That 's not really rational when you think about it . As Anton Chekhov said , "  One must not put a loaded rifle on the stage if no one is thinking of firing it . " Yup . A poke is basically equivalent to a loaded gun -- an apt description , really , considering it 's become a kind of weird weapon over the years . What started as a mere bauble has morphed into a tool only regularly used by utter and complete creepers . We conducted an online survey of a few hundred of our friends , fans and followers , and 55 percent banished poking to the realm of "  ick . " Still , when asked whether they had ever poked anyone themselves , 59 percent of respondents said yes . So why the disdain for the digit , yet the predilection for the Poke ? Herein lies the purpose of our mission . Yes , the Poke may have strayed into the realm of 4chan and tell-all web shows , but it has not yet gone the way of Friendster . On that note , we call upon you , individuals of the internet persuasion , to take back the Poke ! Here 's how : Engage in a poke war with a friend Yes , it seems entirely retro -- in the way that things from about six years ago seem retro -- but poke wars were all the rage among the socially starved denizens of the original Facebook , and it 's time to bring them back . According to our survey , most of you -- about 60 percent -- would be down with poking a friend , so why not just keep going ? Research suggests that social networking increases levels of oxytocin -- a trust/generosity chemical -- in our brains . So why not stimulate trust via a rash of digital violence most often favored by 5-year-olds ? Remind a faded friend of your existence "  Oh man , I have n't talked to Jimmy since high school -- you know , after he got all ` excited ' while dancing with Erma , the foreign exchange student , and had to go home ` sick . ' Still , me and Jimmy were tight back in the day . I wonder what he 's up to ? " Give or take a few details , this has probably been your inner dialogue regarding some shade from your past at one time or another . While you may not feel entirely comfortable writing said friend an e-mail , or giving him a call -- like you still have his digits anyway -- a poke serves as a kind of , "  Hey ! remember me ? We were friends once ! Let 's reconnect ! "  Yes , exclamation marks are always inherent in the Poke  . Think of it as the digital version of an enthusiastic chance encounter at the drugstore -- without all the awkward juggling of dandruff shampoo and condoms . Getting some action Naturally , the Facebook Poke is replete with sexual connotations . In fact , about 31 percent of those surveyed said they would poke someone they want to sleep with . Michael Gallagher , whose comedy site Totally Sketch recently made a viral video titled "  Facebook Sex : Getting Poked , " asserts , "  Poking is a way of saying ` Hi ! You 're cute and I 'd like to have sex with you ' -- it 's more than flirting , but not a hard request for intercourse ... which means less impact of a ` rejection . ' " It 's also a totally weak move . As one of those surveyed said : "  It 's Facebook 's creepy tool of socially acceptable sexual molestation . " So instead of just poking some dude you 're into , might we suggest a more subtle form of flirtation ? A method that the folks over at SuperPoke -- a popular Facebook application launched in 2007 that allows you to wave , roundhouse kick , etc. -- assure us is a true classic : Throw a sheep at him . If he 's into weirdos , he 'll be totally smitten -- and if he 's unimpressed , he 's probably into boring vanilla poking IRL , anyway .	Columnists : We should take back the Facebook Poke because it 's there Casual survey says majority do n't like the Poke , but that most have used it You can start a poke war with a friend or reconnect with an old acquaintance Do n't poke with romance in mind ; instead , use "  Super Poke " and send a sheep
Ars Technica  -- Starting on August 16 , Apple will offer users of third-party iPhone , iPad , and iPod power adapters the chance to trade their old chargers in and pick up a genuine model at a discount . The USB Power Adapter Takeback Program will allow you to bring your third-party adapter in to an Apple Store or Apple authorized service provider and get an Apple-branded adapter for $ 10  "  or the approximate equivalent in local currency "  , just over half of the standard price of $ 19 . The program is being offered in response to "  safety issues " related to "  counterfeit and third-party adapters . " "  Customer safety is a top priority at Apple , " the company said in its announcement . "  That 's why all of our productsâ $ " including USB power adapters for iPhone , iPad , and iPodâ $ " undergo rigorous testing for safety and reliability and are designed to meet government safety standards around the world . " This program has almost certainly been prompted by reports from last month , which alleged that an iPhone had electrocuted and killed a Chinese flight attendant . Later reports pointed to a third-party charger , not the phone itself , as the actual culprit . Apple will run the program until October 18 , 2013 , and the company will give users one discounted charger for each iPhone , iPad , and iPod owned . Interested parties will need to bring their iDevices in along with the power adapters so that Apple and its resellers can verify the devices ' serial numbers . The old adapters will be "  disposed of in an environmentally friendly way . " COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Starting on August 16 , Apple is offering trade-ins on third-party chargers for iPhones , iPads Users can bring charger into an Apple Store and get an Apple-branded adapter for $ 10 Company statement : "  Customer safety is a top priority at Apple " A faulty iPhone charger may have electrocuted a woman in China last month
CNN  -- Skulls taken by German scientists over a century ago have been returned to Namibia amid jubilant scenes and celebrations . Thousands flocked to Namibia 's Hosea Kutako International Airport Tuesday , praying , singing , and chanting as the 20 skulls were returned to their homeland . The skulls , which were transported in caskets draped with the Namibian flag , were removed from the plane with military honors . Among those welcoming the skulls was the country 's Prime Minister Nahas Angula who said , "  These mortal remains are testimony to the horrors of colonialism and German cruelty against our people . May the mortal remains of our ancestors proceed into their homeland , " Namibian media reported . According to historians , the skulls were taken during the bloody 1904 -1908 colonial conflict in former German West-South Africa , when the Herero tribe rebelled against German colonial forces . It 's estimated that thousands were killed in the uprising . Once in Berlin , the skulls were used in research in an attempt to prove the supposed racial supremacy of European whites . The skulls were rediscovered at Berlin 's Charite University Hospital in 2005 and are believed to belong to Namibia 's Nama and Herero ethnic peoples . They consist of 15 males , including a three-year-old boy and four females , said Charite spokeswoman Claudia Peter . A delegation of over 50 Namibians traveled last week to Berlin for a handover ceremony before the skulls were repatriated to Namibia . Members of the delegation read a prayer outside the hospital before the ceremony . The skulls have reignited old political tensions between the two countries . The Namibian government has , for a number of years , demanded Germany acknowledge the war as genocide , calling for an apology as well as reparations . The German government , which gives development aid to Namibia has refused to pay reparations . It has , however , expressed regret for the incident . A statement issued by German Deputy Foreign Minister , Cornelia Pieper last month read , "  We Germans acknowledge and accept this heavy legacy and the ensuing moral and historical responsibility to Namibia . "  The German Government is fulfilling this duty through particularly close bilateral cooperation - and development cooperation - with Namibia , " it continued . Pieper added , "  I would also like to express my own personal deep regret and shame for what was done to the ancestors of the tribal representatives now in Berlin . " For his part , the CEO of Charite University Hospital , Professor Karl Max Einhaupl , apologized to the Namibian delegation present at the ceremony in Berlin for the role played by German scientists . "  With this step we face up to an inglorious chapter of German history , " he said . "  As a medical doctor and scientist myself , it is especially painful for me to realize that even physicians worked in the service of this early form of racism . " Peter said historians now agree that much of the research undertaken by these early scientists was a precursor to Nazi ideology and is now universally acknowledged as a "  perverse " science . Despite years of research little is known about how the 20 people died , said Peter . "  Their cause of death could not be determined . Three skulls showed signs of lack of nutrition , but there was no sign of a violent death , " she said . But , she stated , this did not rule out the possibility the skulls belonged to victims of the conflict , with many thousands of people dying of starvation and exhaustion in camps set up by German colonial forces .	20 skulls taken by German scientists over a century ago have been returned to Namibia They were used in experiments in an attempt to prove the supposed racial supremacy of whites Historians agree this type of research was a precursor to Nazi ideology
CNN  -- For 25 years the leadership of the environmental movement has told us that the solution to the climate crisis will be found almost entirely through the deployment of wind and solar power , accompanied by dramatic increases in energy efficiency . With coal continuing to outpace every other energy source in both its use and its rate of growth ; with global CO2 now past 400ppm and rising at an accelerating rate ; it 's time to acknowledge that these solutions alone are simply not adequate to reduce CO2 emissions quickly enough to forestall disaster . Related : CO2 hits record level at key observatory If something is not done to dramatically change the way in which humankind produces energy , we will bequeath to our children and grandchildren a planet that is almost beyond our ability to imagine ; one in which climate issues will begin to overwhelm basic social and political cohesion . Related : Nuclear energy film overstates positives , underplays negatives Indeed , as the recent reporting by Thomas Friedman of The New York Times suggests , this may already be underpinning some of the instability chaos we 're seeing today in the Middle East . The stakes for us all could not possibly be higher . The dream of wind and solar powering our energy needs was a beautiful one , but it has also proven to be inadequate to the unfortunate realities of our time . Despite hundreds of billions of dollars in subsidies from governments around the world , wind energy produces just 2.3 % of global electricity ; solar stands at an infinitesimal 0.4 % . Meanwhile , global electricity growth averages around 3 % annually , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . That 's equivalent to adding another Brazil to the planet every year . This rate will likely accelerate as we transition to electric vehicles and begin to address the global fresh water crisis with energy intensive seawater desalination . There is another solution in sight , but today 's environmental leadership either ignores it or continues , against the force of science and logic , to oppose it ; that solution is advanced nuclear technology . The same industrial techniques that have been proven successful in reducing the costs of wind and solar -- and every other recent technological innovation -- could , if applied to nuclear energy , allow us to transition to a non-CO2 emitting world at the speed and scale that 's required to avert a climate catastrophe . The French decarbonized almost all their electric grid in just 20 years using 1970s-era nuclear technology . They now enjoy some of the cheapest electricity and the cleanest air in Europe . Imagine what could be done today with a serious commitment and public support for a combined portfolio of both renewables and advanced nuclear energy ? This is the position advocated by a growing number of environmentalists , myself included . The core objection to nuclear energy among many old-school environmentalists resides not so much in danger to human health -- which is dwarfed by mortality attributed to coal , gas and oil -- nor by the cost of the technology , but rather in a palpable fear of granting human civilization access to an abundant supply of energy -- in whatever form . Humanity , in this worldview , is a cancer ravaging the natural world that requires constraints governed by the laws of nature -- the ebb and flow of the wind and the sun and the conservation of scarce resources . It 's a vision of a better world conjured up back in the mid-1970s as a response to the concerns of a very different era . When Dr. James Hansen helped bring climate change to the world 's attention in 1988  and then-British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher the next year in an extraordinary speech to the United Nations  , it was taken by much of the environmental movement not as a wake-up call , but as an example of how prescient they had been all along . It therefore never caused them to adjust their thinking to this very different reality . Herein can be found the origins of much of the political polarization and intransigence we now see exhibited by both the left and the right around the issues of climate and energy policy . Both sides share some of the blame for our current predicament . Human civilization today faces a stark set of new problems that are all converging simultaneously . At the very moment when our ever-increasing use of fossil fuels is causing the planet to heat up , we are on track to add another 2 billion people to the planet . At the same time , many more billions of people are lifting themselves out of poverty and exercising their right to live modern , energy intensive lives alongside those of us in the West , further exacerbating existing strains on energy , water and food resources . Meanwhile , technological advances in fossil fuel extraction have upended long-held assumptions about a looming shortage in supply , weakening the ability of all alternative sources of energy to compete without long-term public policy and market intervention . We will not solve these 21st-century problems with 20th-century thinking . Simple arithmetic will tell you that nuclear energy is essential to any viable way forward , if a climate disaster is to be averted . The romantic environmentalism that captures the imagination of so many well-intentioned people needs to give way to a more enlightened , pragmatic and less ideologically driven vision , one that 's capable of addressing the daunting challenges of the current era . The time is now , before it 's too late . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Stone .	Time running out to reverse climate change with clean-burning energy , author says Film director Robert Stone says wind , solar energy ca n't create enough power Stone : Environmentalists should break with tradition and embrace nuclear energy
Siwa , Egypt  CNN  -- The journey to the Siwa Oasis is n't enjoyable . Hours are spent in a car covering hundreds of kilometers of flat , barren desert . If you 're not careful , you can easily fall prey to boredom and passenger 's fatigue . The first signs of the approaching oasis are red and white buttes rising from the sand that break the monotony of the landscape . Entering Siwa is like Dorothy opening her door to Oz . Two large saltwater lakes fed by fresh water springs dominate the oasis , surrounded by a forest of date and fruit trees . In photos : Siwa Oasis Three barren hills -- home to the Oracle of Siwa , the Mountain of the Dead and the old town -- loom above the sea of green foliage . Donkey carts seem to outnumber cars on the road in this sleepy part of Egypt . The only place to stay and truly experience everything the oasis has to offer is at one of the eco lodges . Getting over the initial impact of living without electricity will be uncomfortable , at first . At Siwa Oasis , you 'll need to break the addiction of Internet , cellphones , and television . But eventually a primitive human instinct kicks in , and a new level of relaxation takes hold . Watch : Egypt wants tourists back We stayed at the Adrere Amellal Ecolodge , which sits on the far west end of the oasis straddling Siwa Lake and the Sahara Desert . Do n't be fooled into thinking that just because there is n't any power you 'll have to slum it . The rooms are built in the traditional Siwa fashion , but with all the amenities of a five-star hotel , including hot water . Step outside your room and prepare for an adventure . With only three full days I was limited in what I could explore . But I especially enjoyed taking a dip in the pool fed by a natural spring . Then , I floated on the lake that , to my surprise , is just like the Dead Sea . Sturdy horses take travelers into the Sahara to watch the sun rise above the oasis and later that day , sink behind large dunes of the Great Sand Sea . Speaking of sand : If you 're interested in sandboarding , make sure to check the boards first . The sandboard I used had an exposed screw on the bottom , which acted like an anchor going down the slopes . Our desert guide , Abdullah Baghi , was extremely knowledgeable and friendly . While out exploring the fossils , we discovered what Baghi believes are fragments of a meteor . We could n't be sure , seeing neither of us are meteor experts or geologists . You can enjoy a Siwa sand bath if you 're brave enough to make the journey in the middle of summer . The average temperature is 38 degrees Celsius  or 100 degrees Fahrenheit  . If you take the plunge , you are buried up to your neck in scorching sand , which allegedly helps with rheumatism , high cholesterol , and other ailments . For 10 to 15 minutes the moisture is pulled out of your body , after which they dig you up . Apparently the stench remaining in the pit once someone leaves is pungent . If you 're looking for a bit of adventure without a guide , bicycles are available to rent so you can discover the back roads of the enormous oasis . While out discovering its nooks and crannies , you might want to stop off at Cleopatra 's Spring . Rumor has it , the Egyptian queen visited and swam there -- but historians dispute this claim . Back at the hotel , the amazing staff is ready to serve . The meals alone are an event . Every multi-course meal is presented at a different location on the lodge 's grounds . Dinner is under a ceiling of shining stars and illuminated by candlelight . After spending five years in Egypt and dining in most of Cairo 's restaurants , I can say , without a shadow of a doubt , they serve the best food in the country . If you 're lucky , the owner of the lodge , Dr. Mounir Neamatalla , will join you for dinner . He 's a truly enlightened man with incredible knowledge of not only Siwa , but of Egypt as a whole , and makes for great conversation . Later in the evening , lanterns illuminate the pathways around the grounds , some of which lead to a roaring fire . In my opinion , sitting by the fire with a good drink is the best way to relax and rejuvenate after a long day . Part of what makes this oasis so magical is the difficulty in traveling there . Only dedicated , serious travelers make the journey -- not your run-of-the-mill beach bum . If you decide to hop in a car or bus and travel the grueling hours , I can guarantee you will not be disappointed .	Siwa Oasis is one of Egypt 's most isolated settlements Experience a slower paced way of life without electricity at an eco lodge Discover the Sahara , sandboard on huge dunes , or a take a Siwa sand bath
CNN  -- G. Todd Baugh , the Montana judge who drew a firestorm of criticism after sentencing a former high school teacher to a month behind bars for raping a 14-year-old girl , is the subject of a formal complaint from a judicial review board to the state 's Supreme Court . An attorney for the Judicial Standards Commission filed the four-page document on Monday , saying Baugh "  eroded public confidence " in the judicial system and "  created an appearance of impropriety . " Malin Stearns Johnson said Baugh 's actions in the case of Stacey Dean Rambold warrant disciplinary action , but Johnson did n't recommend a specific penalty . Last month , Baugh , 72 , announced his retirement at the end of the year , when his term ends . He said his retirement was unrelated to the case , in which he ordered Rambold to serve 31 days in jail and more than 14 years on probation for the rape of the student who later committed suicide . Baugh acknowledged making controversial remarks about victim Cherise Morales at Rambold 's sentencing in August . According to the Montana attorney general 's office , the judge said she looked older than her years and was "  probably as much in control of the situation as was the defendant . " Morales committed suicide in February 2010 . "  I am sorry I made those remarks , " the judge wrote to the commission in November . "  They focused on the victim when that aspect of the case should have been focused on the defendant . " Baugh said he weighed all relevant factors in passing sentence . "  The defendant 's last legal or moral transgression was the crime he committed and admitted , " he wrote . "  In the ensuing almost six years , he had legally and morally good conduct , he was reinstated in sex offender treatment and the undisputed evidence supported community placement and treatment . " The length of the sentence , Baugh 's comments and the age disparity between defendant and victim drew criticism and a firestorm of media attention . The Montana attorney general 's office in November appealed the 31-day sentence , saying it did not meet the state 's mandatory minimum sentence . Rambold had sexual relations with Morales in fall 2007 , when she was 14 and a student in one of his classes at Billings Senior High in Billings . She confided in a church group leader and Rambold was charged in October 2008 with three counts of sexual intercourse without consent . He was released from jail in September and is on probation until August 2028 .	G. Todd Baugh has apologized and also said he will retire this year He imposed a 31-day sentence on a rapist whose victim committed suicide Review board says judge gave appearance of impropriety Complaint goes to the state 's Supreme Court
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A key member of an insurgent network in the Afghan-Pakistani region has been seized recent days , Pakistani military intelligence sources told CNN on Friday . He is Nasiruddin Haqqani , son of Afghan insurgent leader Jalaluddin Haqqani , whose notorious group , called the Haqqani Network , operates in Afghanistan and Pakistan and is closely tied to the Taliban . Nasiruddin Haqqani was detained in recent days while driving from Peshawar to the tribal region of North Waziristan , the sources said . The United Nations says he is believed to be based out of Miram Shah in North Waziristan , where the network operates . The Pakistani military intelligence sources asked not to be named because they are not authorized to speak to the media . This arrest comes amid concerns among U.S. officials that Pakistan has not been aggressively confronting militants operating in the tribal regions . The Haqqani Network "  has been at the forefront of insurgent activity in Afghanistan , responsible for many high-profile attacks , " the United Nations says . Bill Roggio , managing editor of The Long War Journal , a website that tracks terror-related events and trends , calls the top leadership a "  family business . " The United Nations says it consists of Jalaluddin Haqqani 's three oldest sons , one of whom is Nasiruddin , who operates as an emissary for the network and spends a lot of time fundraising , the United Nations says . He apparently speaks Arabic and is a close aide to his father , the United Nations says . His brother , Sirajuddin , is described by the U.S. Treasury Department as the overall leader of the network and the leader of the Miram Shah Regional Military Shura . The United Nations says the Haqqani Network is believed to have three main sources of funds : Gulf region donations , drug trafficking , and al Qaeda payments . "  In 2004 ,  Nasiruddin  Haqqani traveled to Saudi Arabia with a Taliban associate to raise funds for the Taliban . He also provided funds in 2004 to militants in Afghanistan for the purpose of disrupting the Afghan presidential election . "  From at least 2005 to 2008 , Nasiruddin Haqqani collected funds for the Haqqani Network through various fundraising trips , including during regular travel to the United Arab Emirates in 2007 and through a fundraising trip to another Gulf state in 2008 , " the United Nations said . And late last year , Nasiruddin Haqqani "  received several hundred thousand dollars from al Qaeda-associated individuals in the Arabian Peninsula " for network activities . Earlier this year , the U.S. Department of the Treasury cited Nasiruddin Haqqani for supporting acts of terrorism . Sirajuddin Haqqani was designated a supporter of terrorism in 2008 . Many observers say the North Waziristan-based group has backing in the Pakistani military . "  Elements within the Pakistani security establishment continue to view the Haqqani Network as a useful ally and proxy force to represent their interests in Afghanistan . To this end , Haqqani forces have repeatedly targeted Indian infrastructure and construction projects in Afghanistan , " the Institute for the Study of War said in a report this year . "  The Pakistani Army has consistently refused to launch a military operation in North Waziristan despite the presence of al Qaeda senior leadership , " it said . A report published earlier this year by the New America Foundation think tank calls the Pakistani agency of North Waziristan "  the most important springboard for violence in Afghanistan today , much as it has been for decades . " And it says the Haqqani Network is "  the most important militant group " in North Waziristan 's Miram Shah , where Jalaluddin Haqqani settled in the mid-1970s after leaving his native Khost province in Afghanistan . "  Jalaluddin quickly became the most important mujahedeen commander in eastern Afghanistan during the 1980s " when Afghan fighters took on the Soviet Union , the report says . North Waziristan has been a "  safe haven " for militants eluding U.S. and Pakistani military actions , it notes . "  Shortly after the fall of the Taliban regime in Afghanistan in late 2001 , thousands of Taliban members associated with the regime flooded into North Waziristan , " according to the report , titled "  The Battle for Pakistan : North Waziristan . " "  Many took shelter in  North Waziristan 's  treacherous and heavily forested Shawal Valley , which became a refuge for all sorts of foreign militants , including those from al Qaeda . Pakistani government forces subsequently targeted other Pakistani safe havens , including South Waziristan . In 2004 , a wave of militants arrived in North Waziristan after being pushed out of South Waziristan 's Shakai Valley . More recently , a variety of militants associated with the Mehsud tribe in South Waziristan is believed to have sought safe haven in North Waziristan . " Will the arrest make an impact in the war against the Taliban ? Roggio doubts it . He says the Haqqanis are one of the Pakistani state 's premier proxies and puts them on par with Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , the Pakistan-based group that was blamed for a violent siege on Mumbai in November 2008 . He notes that there has been pressure to appease and deflect pressure from the United States and NATO . "  When the heat gets turned up , " he said , Pakistan will make a gesture but "  not a real sacrifice . " CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Joe Sterling and Tim Lister contributed to this report	Nasiruddin Haqqani was seized in recent days He was arrested while driving to the tribal region from Peshawar The son is a key fundraiser for the network
CNN  -- It 's been well more than a week since Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 went missing . With few hard facts to work from , experts -- and the public -- are conjuring up and sharing theories on what became of the commercial airliner carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew members . Its disappearance -- as if into thin air -- is disturbing in our age of continuous connectivity . As a result , no speculation seems off limits , no matter how dark . As aviation expert Mark Weiss put it : "  I do n't think you can discount any theory , frankly . " And so , the theories are plentiful . Speculation : Pilot suicide Any traveler abhors the notion of a crew member bent on annihilation . But it 's plausible . For example , EgyptAir Flight 990 was flying 217 people from Los Angeles to New York to Cairo in 1999 when it crashed into the Atlantic Ocean . U.S. officials blamed a co-pilot , who was recorded repeating a prayer , for deliberately causing the crash , but Egyptian officials blamed mechanical problems . The Malaysian Airlines flight , a Boeing 777 , could have experienced destruction by pilot or crew , some say . Is there a clue in pilot psychological evaluations ? "  It 's my belief that there was probably some type of struggle in the cockpit where it was one of the pilots that maybe had a meltdown or did something nefarious to the airplane , " said Weiss , a retired American Airlines pilot captain who has flown the Boeing 777 and now works at the Washington consulting firm Spectrum Group . Or there could have been another crew member or an uninvited or invited guest in the cockpit who "  was bent on perhaps committing suicide or doing some destruction on the aircraft , " Weiss added . Though improper , pilots allowing guests into the cockpit is possible and "  should be disconcerting to anybody , " Weiss said . He was referring to reports of how copilot Fariq Ab Hamid , 27 , had once invited a woman and her friend into the cockpit in a 2011 flight between Thailand and Malaysia . "  That 's an enormous breach of security , " Weiss said of cockpit guests . But none of us will know what really happened in the cockpit "  until we have the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder , " Weiss said . Bergen : Did terrorists take control of Flight 370 ? Speculation : Commandeering Commandeering is n't to be confused with hijacking , a political act in which demands are issued by the hijacker , said CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen . A commandeering is more idiosyncratic , where motives are n't immediately clear , Bergen said . Some counterterrorism officials say that could be the case with the Malaysian flight , Bergen said . "  The plane could have been commandeered , " Bergen said . Commandeered flights have a history -- prior to the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States , Bergen said . For example , in 1994 , the cargo plane FedEx Flight 705 was commandeered by an employee with a hammer and spear gun who burst into the cockpit and wanted to crash the plane into FedEx 's Memphis , Tennessee , headquarters . The crew thwarted that takeover . In 2000 , a passenger with a suspected mental history commandeered a British Airways Flight 2069 between London and Nairobi and put the plane carrying 300 passengers into a nosedive until the crew subdued him . "  So commandeering would fit with the few facts that we do know and certainly a theory that we have n't heard a lot of that is n't a conspiracy , " Bergen said . Pilots , passengers of flight under scrutiny Speculation : Hijacking That the plane terminated transponder data before its disappearance leads some experts to suspect a hijacking occurred . The political motivation of such a hijacking , however , would be as mysterious as the plane 's whereabouts . "  If you are dealing with hijackers on board the aircraft , whether it was an organized gang , or whether it was some psychologically disturbed individual that ... managed to gain access to the flight , they can neutralize the crew , " said Philip Baum , editor of Aviation Security International . "  But then again , there would n't necessarily be any communication at all -- as we witnessed on September 11th , " Baum added , referring to the terror attacks in the United States . "  If there was an explosive decompression , if a bomb detonated on board the aircraft , then again there would be no communication . " One motive could be terrorism . Authorities have n't ruled out this possibility , though some experts are divided on this theory , partly because no terrorists have claimed responsibility at a moment when they would have the world 's attention . "  There might be another reason for them not coming forward at this point , " Shawn Henry , former executive assistant director of the FBI , said . "  If it was a terrorist incident ... if this was part of a much larger or broader potential act , and for whatever reason , they would n't come forward at this point , but at a later time . " Speculation : Mechanical failure In a less sinister but equally lethal explanation , some experts theorize the plane mysteriously crashed somewhere because of mechanical malfunction . Perhaps it was an electrical failure . It 's possible , though pilots have trouble embracing the thought . "  I 've been running that in my brain now ever since this thing happened , " said Jim Tilmon , an aviation expert and retired American Airlines pilot . "  One possibility would be a total electrical failure which is very , very hard to imagine because it has so many generators coming from different places , " Tilmon said . "  If all the engine generators fail , they still have what 's called the RAT  ram air turbine  . That 's the generator that literally falls out of the bottom of the airplane , has a propeller on it , and ram-air turns that and gives them generating power enough to go ahead and fly the airplane safely . "  Electrical failure -- it 'd have to be total ... absolutely incredible like we 've not heard of before , " Tilmon said . Could flight have slipped by radar ? Speculation : The bizarre Not constrained by professional accountability as the experts are , Internet users have offered their own theories . A meteor struck the plane . Some country 's military shot down the plane . The plane landed on a remote island . Aliens abducted the plane . With no answers and contradictions and questions increasing , the theories , creative conjecture and pure speculation abound . "  Everybody wants to get a handle on something right now , " former Federal Aviation Administration investigator David Soucie said of conflicting theories . "  No one has an answer , so they 're going to try to put one on it . So that creates all kinds of assumptions . " CNN 's Wen-Chun Fan , Thom Patterson and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Experts conjecture that pilot or crew may have been bent on suicidal destruction Commandeering is a takeover of a plane with idiosyncratic motives Termination of plane 's transponder leads some to think a hijacking may have occurred The bizarre theories includes meteors , remote islands , military shoot-down
CNN  -- Microsoft 's revenue has been growing -- slowly , but growing . Profits have been growing faster than revenue , as the company clamps down on expenses . The company 's core business software like Office 2010 has been showing great results for more than a year now , and the Xbox had its best holiday season ever , as Microsoft sold a million in a single day after Thanksgiving . Plus , it 's got more than $ 50 billion in cash . So why has the company 's stock stubbornly refused to move for the last decade ? Why do big investors keep calling for CEO Steve Ballmer 's head ? The problem comes down to a simple statistic that should scare the heck out of Microsoft and its investors : Five years ago , 95 % of devices connected to the Internet were Windows PCs . Right now , less than 80 % are , and some folks expect the number to drop below 20 % in a few years . That 's a historic shift , and is just one of many signals that the personal computer is no longer dominant in the ever-shifting world of consumer technology . Credit the explosion in smartphones , led by Apple 's iPhone and a bunch of other phones running Google 's Android  which is more popular than the iPhone by sheer numbers  . Apple 's iPad has also made a big dent , taking up the equivalent to about 10 % of the PC market -- and it 's less than 2 years old . Microsoft is nowhere in the worlds of smartphones or tablets . But this year , the company hopes to change all that . Next month , the company will let the masses download and test a not-quite-finished version of Windows 8 , which Ballmer has called the most important product in company history . Windows 8 is going to be a little bit all over the place . On the surface , it will have a cool , modern look and feel that 's meant to be used with touchscreen tablets . Call it an iPad killer if you will . It 's cutting edge and friendly , filled with bright , colorful squares and sliding screens , and it 's going to have a lot of features that will be familiar to iPhone and iPad users , like an app store . If you buy a Windows tablet , that 's probably what you 're going to see and use most of the time . But Windows 8 will also run on regular old PCs , and underneath the new tablet-friendly interface , it will look and feel a lot like the old version of Windows . If you 're using a desktop PC or laptop PC at work , you 'll probably end up using the old interface . It 's a tricky balancing act to pull off , and lots could go wrong -- for instance , it 's not exactly clear how smooth it will be to switch between the two types of Windows , or if you 'll even be able to get the old Windows on certain types of tablets  that is , tablets that run the power-efficient ARM processors used by the iPad and most other tablets today  . But if past Windows launches are any guide , Microsoft will help its cause by spending hundreds of millions of dollars on high-profile TV ads , viral whisper campaigns and "  co-marketing " money for its PC hardware partners and the resellers who push Microsoft software to big corporations . But Windows 8 is only half the equation . Microsoft came out with a surprisingly good smartphone platform way back in fall 2010 -- in some ways , it was better than the iPhone from the moment it launched . But for a variety of reasons -- including mediocre phones that run the operating system , lack of support from big carriers like Verizon and some big gaps with features and apps -- it flopped . A year later , Microsoft 's Windows Phone platform is still at less than 2 % market share , way behind Apple , Android and even the struggling BlackBerry . But this year , Microsoft has teamed up with Nokia , the biggest cell phone maker in the world , to push a new line of Windows Phones . Its flagship phone , the Lumia 900 , has received universally great reviews -- almost like the kinds of reviews the iPhone got when it came out . Equally important , Microsoft has committed hundreds of millions of dollars to marketing these new phones , including paying commissions to staffers at retail stores . That 's critically important , as a lot of retail store clerks did n't even know what a Windows Phone was last year . Windows 8 . Windows Phone . Expect Microsoft to push those products like its future depends on them . Because it does . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	Microsoft is nowhere in smartphones or tablets , but the company hopes to change that Next month , users will be able to download and test a not-quite-finished version of Windows 8 Microsoft has teamed up with Nokia , the biggest cell phone maker in the world
CNN  -- Spotting a McDonald 's a few blocks from the Hermitage in St. Petersburg , Russia , was the last straw . The whole world , it seems , is turning into one homogenous , capitalist playground . Oh , for the days when travel yielded experiences not available at home , things that inspired travelers to send postcards back home to report , "  You will never believe what I just saw ! " To that end , I bring you this "  Only in ... " column with five exceptional , unexpected and singular things a traveler can find when they know where to look . Look for future installments on CNN Travel . I 'll start with Nashville . This Tennessee city , known for honky-tonks and country music , also happens to have North America 's largest Kurdish community , an art gallery that shares its Picassos , Renoirs and Cezannes with a Wal-Mart heiress and a mustard yellow VW bus  It 's called "  I Dream of Weenie "  that serves a wicked fine Sunday brunch from the rear passenger window . Just in time for the November 6 Country Music Awards , here are five more things you can only find in Nashville : 1 . A full-size reproduction of the Greek Parthenon Before it became "  Music City , " Nashville was known as the Athens of the South . In 1897 for Tennessee 's Centennial Exposition , city fathers built a full-scale replica of the real Athens ' most famous landmark . Originally made of plaster , wood and brick , Nashville 's Parthenon was n't meant to be permanent . But because it cost too much to demolish , Nashville decided , "  What the heck , let 's just rebuild it with real marble floors . " So while the British Museum in London and the Greek government continue to duke it out over the Parthenon 's original statues  since 1817 , what 's known as the Elgin Marbles , as in the Duke of Elgin who got them from the Ottomans , have been on permanent public display at the British Museum  , Nashville continues to give locals and visitors the chance to gawk at a replica of one of the world pinnacles of classical architecture . It 's such a perfect clone that during recent renovations , the 2,500-year-old Greek Parthenon sent an architect to Nashville 's Centennial Park to snap photos of its spawn . 2 . A cinnamon roll that makes international headlines In 1996 , an employee at Bongo Java , a popular Nashville coffee shop , noticed , right before he was about to bite into it , that one of its signature homemade buns bore an uncanny resemblance to Mother Teresa . Before he could so much as say three "  Hail Marys , " the BBC , Paul Harvey and even David Letterman  Paul Shaffer wrote a song about it  made the bun famous . The real Mother Teresa got wind of the "  Immaculate Confection " and even though she reportedly laughed about it , her people sent a cease and desist order . Although copyright law was probably on owner Bob Bernstein 's side , the power on Mother Teresa 's side convinced him and his $ 250-an-hour lawyer to change its name to "  The Nun Bun . " The renamed cinnamon roll was quickly dispatched to a glass-enclosed case in the front of the store , but in 2005 , thieves broke in on Christmas , making off with the famed confection . Despite occasional sightings of the kidnapped bun , the $ 5,000 no-questions-asked-reward is still unclaimed . 3 . An art festival that revolves around the tomato You say tomato . I say Tomato Art Fest . This costume-friendly art festival , an annual undertaking in historic East Nashville 's Five Points District , has grown faster than a tomato vine on Miracle-Gro . Hatched 10 years ago as "  kind of an accident " by Meg and Bret MacFadyen , owners of the Art and Invention Gallery , it has become one of Nashville 's premiere hipster events . It features 2,000 square feet of floor to ceiling art interpreting the tomato . Not only are tomato royalty crowned  both a Tomato King and Queen who march in the parade behind a brass band  , but there are Bloody Mary taste-offs , tomato bobbing , tomato beauty pageants and wet burrito competitions . That 's where competitors eat burritos as fast as they can while being hosed down by a firetruck-like hose . "  People come up with a tomato-related idea and we say , ` Does it hurt anybody ? Great , let 's do it , ' " Bret says . Bushels of art flood in from around the world . This year 's winner for Best Use of Tomato Humor was retired elementary school guidance counselor Jim Hartline , whose Roma Coliseum featured columns fashioned from real tomatoes . There are also tomato haiku competitions and a tomato song writing contest . And yes , there 's a CD featuring , among other top hits , Peter Cooper 's "  Please Do n't Throw Tomatoes at Me . " 4 . Songwriting doctors and insurance agents From the airport to the local Target to the 10 a.m. opening of Tootsie 's Orchid Lounge on Broadway , musicians of all stripes croon their lyric-writing hearts out . At Parlor Productions on Music Row in a restored bungalow once owned by Randy Travis , even the nonmusically inclined write songs at corporate team building events put on by Ultimate Event Nashville . Companies such as American Express , Bank of America and Nissan send normally reserved execs to pen lyrics with songwriters who regularly produce songs for stars such as Brad Paisley , Faith Hill and George Strait . "  It 's a blast for these folks who normally wear suits , " says Robin Ruddy , a performer who used to tour with Rod Stewart , who owns the Grammy-producing Parlor Studio with her husband , Larry Sheridan . "  We divide them into teams , each led by a hit songwriter , and then each team writes a song , which we then record . Even if they ca n't sing , we get them out there singing and even line dancing . " After seven years of offering this "  American Idol for Suits , " has Ruddy ever plucked out any potential talent ? "  Ah -- no , but it 's a really great fun bonding experience , " Ruddy says . 5 . A city tour in Milk of Magnesia pink bus The Jugg Sisters -- aka Sheri Lynn Bucy and Brenda Kay Wilkins -- are the big-hair , blue eyeshadow and spandex behind the wackiest tour in Nashville . Nash Trash , their 90-minute comedy tour , rides past many of the city 's country music 's institutions . Tickets sell out months in advance to people hankering to get one of 32 seats on the sisters ' trash-talking , dirt-dishing , yeehaw-yelling tours . Lap-size coolers of beer and wine are allowed . Needless to say , squeezy cheese hors d'oeuvres are also served .	Greek architecture and a Nun Bun keep things interesting in Nashville In East Nashville , a festival that revolves around the tomato is a hipster fave Even corporate execs can be songwriters for a short time
CNN  The majority of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 's fuselage has been found in the Java Sea , Indonesian authorities said Wednesday , 17 days after the airliner carrying 162 people went down . Officials have said the fuselage , or the main part of the plane , might contain many of the bodies of those who were aboard the flight . Authorities do n't yet know why the plane crashed into the sea December 28 while en route to Singapore from the Indonesian city of Surabaya . Roughly 35 minutes into the flight , the pilot asked air traffic control for permission to turn left and climb to avoid bad weather . Minutes later , the plane disappeared from air traffic control 's radar , Indonesian officials say . Now that the fuselage has been found , here are some of the tasks that are ahead for searchers and authorities : The fuselage discovery adds to the significant finds elsewhere in the Java Sea . Authorities earlier this week recovered the plane 's cockpit voice and flight data recorders -- which will help investigators determine what happened to the flight -- and lifted the tail section of the craft from the sea on Saturday . The priority now is to locate bodies , and divers are expected to search the fuselage Thursday morning , Indonesia search and rescue chief Bambang Soelistyo told reporters Wednesday . As of Wednesday night , 50 bodies had been recovered elsewhere , some still strapped into their seats , officials said . Many of the more than 100 remaining bodies might be found in or near the plane 's fuselage . It was n't clear Wednesday whether the cockpit is attached . Soelistyo did n't reveal the fuselage 's depth . But officials have said other debris , such as the recorders -- which were found about a half-mile from the fuselage on Monday and Tuesday -- were generally discovered at a depth of roughly 30 meters  100 feet  . If divers have trouble accessing the bodies , officials may decide to "  lift the fuselage out of the water , " Soelistyo said . It was n't immediately clear how that would be done . To recover the tail section on Saturday , crews inflated giant balloons underneath , lifting it from the bottom of the sea . A crane then lifted the tail onto a ship . Both the flight data recorder and the cockpit flight recorder are expected to help investigators understand what went wrong . The flight data recorder , which stores a vast amount of information about the aircraft 's performance including air speed and cabin pressure , tells investigators what happened on a plane . But the cockpit voice recorder tells them why , said Mardjono Siswosuwarno , a senior official at Indonesia 's National Transportation Safety Committee , which is leading the investigation into the disaster . "  The ` why ' is mostly in there , " he said of the voice recorder , which captures conversations between pilots as well as other sounds in the cockpit . Investigators say they have successfully downloaded the contents of both devices . But Mardjono cautioned that interpreting the information will require a lot of time . Mardjono said he expected a preliminary report to be released within a month of the crash . But it 's unclear how much information the initial document will contain beyond what 's already been made public . The final report containing investigators ' full conclusions will take months , Mardjono said . His agency 's final report into Adam Air Flight 574 -- which crashed in Indonesian waters on New Year 's Day 2007 , killing all 102 people on board -- came out more than a year after that disaster . Meanwhile , Mary Schiavo , a former inspector general of the U.S. Department of Transportation , told CNN that because the recorders ' data had been downloaded , investigators should have "  a pretty good idea within a couple of days " of what happened aboard the plane . But Schiavo added that she did n't think officials would release any information publicly for a couple of weeks . French aviation experts are helping the Indonesian investigation , which also expected to involve Airbus , the manufacturer of the downed A320-200 . Observers have suggested that the locations of the different parts of debris indicate the plane broke apart when it hit the water , not when it was still at a high altitude . AirAsia has said it will pay about $ 124,000 to the families of each victim -- $ 100,000 mandated by Indonesia 's Transport Ministry 's regulations , and $ 24,000 for what the airline called "  financial hardships " relating to the initial search period . That is below the amount guaranteed by the Montreal Convention , a treaty that governs compensation for the families of air disaster victims . But Indonesia did not sign the treaty . Families may be able to pursue larger claims through courts , CNNMoney reported . It could be some time before the families to receive AirAsia 's payments . In the case of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , which vanished in March , families received some initial payments but final amounts have n't been settled , according to CNNMoney . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Kocha Olarn , Elizabeth Joseph , Andrew Stevens , Mitra Mobasherat , Gary Tuchman , Brian Walker , Catherine E. Shoichet , Josh Levs and Deborah E. Bloom , CNNMoney 's Virginia Harrison , and journalist Rudy Madanir contributed to this report .	Divers are expected to search the fuselage Thursday morning Data from cockpit voice and flight data recorders have been downloaded A preliminary report will be released within weeks , Indonesian official says
CNN  -- The careers of Russian oligarchs who have sought to wield power against the Kremlin in the media or politics have not tended to go far . Mikhail B. Khodorkovsky , an oil magnate who backed an opposition party , has been in jail since 2003 and was convicted in 2005 on charges of tax evasion and fraud . Vladimir A. Gusinsky and Boris A. Berezovsky , both of whom owned media outlets that were critical of the government , fled the country . During the 1990s , it was common for oligarchs to oppose the Kremlin , said Henry Hale , director of the Institute for Europe , Russian and Eurasian Studies at George Washington University . But once Vladimir Putin became president in 2000 , "  He started making examples of high-profile business people/oligarchs , " Hale said . Khodorkovsky , once Russia 's richest man , was building an organization that could have served as a platform from which to challenge Putin in 2004 , Hale said . "  His real sin was mobilizing a campaign that seemed aimed at the presidency , " he added . Khodorkovsky 's jailing in 2004 "  served as an example for most of the others , " Hale said . "  You did n't see many other big business people openly challenging the government since that time . " Instead , wealthy Russians have been careful not to draw the Kremlin 's ire , he said . "  They either laid low or supported the Kremlin 's leadership actively . " Now , it 's Mikhail Prokhorov , the owner of the New Jersey Nets whose $ 18 billion puts him among the world 's richest people and who announced Monday he is running to replace Putin . Profile : Who is Mikhail Prokhorov ? Though Prokhorov is unlikely to topple the incumbent , his fate could prove more benign than that of many of his fellow oligarchs , said Stephen Cohen , professor of Russian studies and history at New York University . "  He would not do it without the support of Putin or the men around Putin , " said Cohen in a telephone interview . "  He 's not an independent actor ... his wealth is still dependent on Kremlin approval . " Prokhorov , like all the oligarchs who remain in Russia with their wealth intact , has made political and probably financial accommodations with the Kremlin , said Cohen , author of "  Soviet Fate and Lost Alternatives . " Among Prokhorov 's assets are vast mineral holdings that remain underground . "  He 'd like to sell them outright , or at least a controlling share of them , to Western countries so he can cash in while his political standing is OK , " Cohen said . But companies in the West will not deal with him or any other oligarch unless a commission established in Russia for such investment approves it , he said . "  And the chairman of the commission is Putin . " That means Prokhorov is unlikely to do anything to offend Putin , Cohen said . So , why is he running against him ? As things now stand , Putin will be running against Gennadi A. Zyuganov , the longtime leader of the Communist Party , which represents the only real electoral opposition in the country , according to Cohen . Though not well-funded , the party is well-organized and efficient and could make Zyuganov a more formidable opponent at the polls by the March election , Cohen said . That scenario is even more likely if Zyuganov benefits from protest votes by the thousands of Russians who have taken to the streets in recent days , Cohen said . If the demonstrators and their sympathizers are members of the affluent middle class , as some observers have suggested , "  Then it would make sense to give them somebody other than the Communists to vote for -- if you 're looking to divide the anti-Putin vote , " he said . "  They 'll vote for the so-called successful businessman . " Demonstrations challenge Putin 's hold on power Prokhorov 's candidacy would likely draw the anti-Putin vote away from the Communists and divide the opposition , Cohen said . "  They think they know what they 're doing , and I guess they do , " he added . But Hale was not persuaded that Prokhorov 's candidacy is fake . "  Conspiracy theories sometimes , actually , are just conspiracy theories , " he said in a telephone interview . "  In this particular case , it seems to be real . " Citing the civil unrest shaking Russia , he said , "  people like him are sensing now 's the time to criticize the Kremlin . Still , Hale acknowledged , Prokhorov appears to have hedged his bets . "  He has criticized people around Putin , but not Putin himself . " But even if pseudo-candidates wind up in the election , that 's not necessarily a bad omen for democracy , Cohen said . More choice "  is the foundation of a democratic system , " he added . One reason that suggests Prokhorov may be sincere in his putative effort to unseat Putin is the fact that his sister runs quasi-academic journals financed by her brother that are frequently critical of the Kremlin , said Harley Balzer , a professor of government at Georgetown University . But he , too , said it was not clear . "  It 's an important story ; I wish we knew what the hell was going on , " he said in a telephone interview .	Mikhail Khodorkovsky 's jailing "  served as an example , " professor says Mikhail Prokhorov would not run without Kremlin 's support , professor says Vladimir Gusinksy and Boris Berezovsky fled the country
CNN  -- The world has certainly changed since Michael Jackson last staged a concert tour in 1997 to promote the "  HIStory " album . Fans clamor in London as Michael Jackson announces his return to performing . Since then , other performers have gained prominence -- some who have even been tagged as heir-apparents to Jackson , such as Usher and the currently legally troubled Chris Brown . Now the original is back . Jackson announced Thursday that he 'll perform 10 concerts in London in July . But is the world ready to receive Jackson , who has had his share of financial and legal woes , with open arms ? Watch Jackson make his announcement " Publicist and writer Howard Bragman said it 's up to the public . "  He 's playing off the fact that people have the wonderful ability to have short memories , " Bragman said . It was only a few years ago that Jackson was acquitted of several charges , including child molestation , in a California trial . The case , coupled with the singer 's eccentric behavior , had seriously damaged his reputation . See a timeline of Jackson 's life " Bragman said Jackson , who is slated to play the 20,000-capacity O2 Arena , is better off playing smaller venues rather than booking huge stadiums that may not sell out , an embarrassment a returning veteran ca n't afford to risk . "  It 's sort of like the political thing , how you always want to get a small room and make it look full , " Bragman said . "  Have reasonably priced tickets and do some of your classics . I certainly think that at one point there were tens of millions of Michael Jackson fans worldwide and I think there have to be still some Michael Jackson fans . " Culture critic , filmmaker and former Billboard music editor Nelson George said British fans are much more forgiving of Jackson 's troubles than are Americans , who expect celebrities to be "  saints and heroes , " George said . "  The love for Michael Jackson in the UK is undiluted by any of the stuff that 's been talked about here in the states , " said George , whose soon-to-be-released book "  City Kid : A Writer 's Memoir of Ghetto Life and Post-Soul Success " offers some insight into the era in which Jackson 's popularity exploded . "  He 's a huge star there still and he will sell out all of those shows , " George added . George recently returned from London , where he witnessed firsthand the adoration that European fans have for the singer . While there , he said he attended "  Thriller , " a sold-out tribute to Jackson in London 's West End . George points out that Jackson is pursing a similar path to the one the musical artist Prince took in 2007 when he played 21 nights at the O2 Arena . Given its London location , George observed the venue has the potential to attract fans from across Europe . Moreover , George said , the British have long been admirers of black music and culture . "  It 's the perfect place for -LSB- Jackson -RSB- to play , " George said . "  There will be fans there from all over the world , including the United States . "	Jackson set to play O2 Arena in the United Kingdom Renowned publicist says Jackson smart to tackle smaller venue Former Billboard music critic : "  He 's a huge star there still "
CNN  -- Four days after an al Qaeda-linked group claimed responsibility for targeting an oil tanker , the United Arab Emirates government has acknowledged that it was indeed attacked , state media said Friday . The government had earlier said the tanker was passing through the Strait of Hormuz when it was exposed to a high wave as a result of an earthquake shock . However , the state news agency WAM reported , the tanker "  was the target of a terrorist attack while passing through international waters near the Strait of Hormuz . " Workers fixed the damage to the vessel and the attack caused no human injuries or oil spills , the agency said . The militant Islamist group claimed responsibility for the explosion aboard the oil tanker on Monday . In a statement posted on various websites that regularly carry messages from al Qaeda leaders , the Abdullah Azzam Brigades included a picture of a man they claimed carried out a suicide attack on the tanker on July 28 . The group said the attack was intended to "  strike an economic blow to the infidels . " It is believed to be behind several attacks in the Middle East , including the October 2004 attack on a hotel and nearby camp sites in Egypt that killed more than three dozen people . The statement from the Abdullah Azzam Brigades said the attack on the tanker was the "  conquest of Sheikh Omar Abdel-Rahman " -- a reference to the imprisoned blind cleric who inspired the 1993 World Trade Center bombing in New York .	State agency says attack was terror-related At first , United Arab Emirates officials had denied terror link Tanker was targeted while passing through Strait of Hormuz
Los Angeles  CNN  Harris Wittels , a comedian and executive producer of the NBC show "  Parks and Recreation , " has died of a possible overdose , police said Thursday . He was 30 . Wittels was found at his home by his assistant , and police believe he may have died from an overdose , Los Angeles Police Department Officer Nuria Venegas told CNN . The coroner 's office will be conducting an autopsy . Wittels produced , wrote and occasionally appeared in episodes of "  Parks and Recreation , " a comedy following the exploits of a parks department employee on her one-woman mission to put her small Indiana town on the map . The show , starring Amy Poehler , is in its seventh and final season . The series finale airs next week . Wittels would sometimes appear on "  Parks and Recreation " as Harris , an inept and clueless employee with the city 's animal-control department . He was also a comic force on Twitter , where he is widely credited with coining the popular term "  humblebrag . " Under the Twitter handle @humblebrag , he retweeted celebrity posts that exemplified the term , which means bragging under a veneer of false modesty . In 2012 , he turned the word into a book , "  Humblebrag : The Art of False Modesty . " Fellow comedians paid tribute to him on social media Thursday , including Sarah Silverman , whose show he worked on previously . "  He was my baby , " she said in one Tweet . Billy Eichner , who appears on "  Parks and Recreation , " described Wittels as "  an incredibly funny person who has left us way too soon . " Wittels , who was a frequent guest on comedy podcasts , spoke openly in his work about his drug use , cultivating a "  druggy " comedic persona . In one episode of his podcast "  Analyze Phish , " in which he explored his love of the band Phish , he and fellow comedians recorded themselves taking drugs as they attended one of the group 's shows at the Hollywood Bowl . But in recent podcast appearances , he revealed that he had been trying to beat a serious drug addiction and had gone to rehab after he started using heroin . He also spoke about how his drug use had affected his work at "  Parks and Recreation . " Representatives of NBC Universal declined Thursday evening to comment on his death . Wittels also worked on the shows "  Eastbound & Down " and "  Secret Girlfriend . " People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Artemis Moshtaghian reported from Los Angeles , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Tim Hume , Saeed Ahmed and Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	Wittels produced , wrote and occasionally appeared in episodes of the show Police say they believe he may have died from an overdose "  He was my baby , " comedian Sarah Silverman says on Twitter
Madrid  CNN  -- It was not a routine traffic stop . At a toll road booth in northern Spain on Friday , Spanish police swooped in to inspect a trailer truck and seized what they said was material destined for Iran 's nuclear program , an Interior Ministry statement said . Two people were arrested . Read more : Official : Iran , nuclear watchdog group deal close The trailer truck contained 44 valves made of a nickel and chromium alloy that , due to their "  high resistance to corrosion , make them particularly apt for use in the nuclear industry , " the ministry said . Police also seized mounting accessories , export documents to Iran , bank statements and computer information , it said . The traffic stop at the toll booth resulted , the ministry said , from an investigation that began in Spain last March aiming to restrict the flow of materials and technology of so-called "  dual use " items , which can be used for nuclear weapons programs . Read more : N. Korea 's launch causes worries about nukes , Iran and the Pacific The ministry said police also searched a business , linked to the trailer truck , in an industrial park in the northern Spanish province of Alava . They brought along one of the suspects , whom police described as the company 's sales chief covering various countries , including Iran . The European Union and the United States have sanctions in place against Iran 's nuclear program . Read more : Iran still not cooperating with nuclear inspectors	Police in northern Spain seize items "  particularly apt " for use in the nuclear industry They say the items were accompanied by documents showing intended export to Iran The stop resulted from an investigation begun last March , officials say
CNN  -- It 's arguably one of the largest pieces of Elvis Presley memorabilia ever : a 154.5-acre ranch in Horn Lake , Mississippi , once owned by the king of rock 'n' roll . Elvis Presley bought the property in February 1967 , three months before marrying Priscilla Beaulieu . And it 's on the market , with an asking price of $ 6.5 million . "  It had a large cross there that Elvis really liked , and a concrete bridge over a 14-acre lake , " real estate agent Rodger Motz told CNN . The property , called the "  Elvis Ranch " by locals , is just east of Highway 301 in Horn Lake , about 17 miles south of Memphis , Tennessee . Presley purchased it in February 1967 , three months before he married Priscilla Beaulieu , according to a Graceland spokeswoman . The deed on record was signed by Presley 's longtime manager , Col. Tom Parker , said Parker Pickle , Desoto County tax assessor . There is a small house known as the "  Honeymoon Cottage " on the property . Graceland confirmed the newly married Presleys did spend time there following their honeymoon in Palm Springs , California . The property has been on the market since last month . Its current owners are Dennis McLemore and his brothers . McLemore said his parents bought the property in 1979 and turned it into a cattle ranch after previous owner-developers had failed to turn it into a resort . McLemore said he met Priscilla Presley on a winter day in 1985 . "  I got a call one day that Priscilla was coming up for a visit , " he said . "  I 'd been working on a cow 's ear and was covered in blood when she came up . She told me Elvis would have been proud this was a working cattle ranch . " Tours occasionally have driven down from Memphis with passengers who took pictures of the pastures , he said . At one time , there was a 12-foot wooden fence around the compound with a half-dozen trailers on the grounds , where members of Presley 's entourage , the "  Memphis Mafia " were housed . "  There 's still a trailer pad behind the Honeymoon Cottage , " McLemore said . "  I remember as a child when Elvis owned it , " said Anita Rainey , planning director for the city of Horn Lake . "  I had a friend he gave a horse to . She lived across the street to the ranch and woke up one day and they had a pony . " She said she remembers seeing Presley riding a horse along the highway . He was a quiet owner , she said , and the ranch is prime real estate . "  I 've been getting a lot of calls from media , " Motz said , "  and the Europeans are really interested . " However , he said , he does n't have a serious buyer on the hook and has yet to receive an offer .	154.5-acre ranch in Horn Lake , Mississippi , once lived in by Elvis Presley Presley purchased it in February 1967 , 3 months before marrying Priscilla Beaulieu The property has been on the market since last month Current owners bought property in 1979 and turned it into a cattle ranch
CNN  -- "  Global declines in press freedom " persisted last year , with setbacks highlighted in Israel , Italy , Taiwan , Hong Kong and elsewhere across the world , an annual survey said Friday . Media freedom campaigners don gags during a news conference in Hong Kong in April 2008 . Freedom House , a nongovernmental organization that supports democracy and freedom of the media , said in its annual press freedom survey that "  negative trends " outweighed "  positive movements in every region , particularly in the former Soviet Union , the Middle East and North Africa . " "  This marked the seventh straight year of overall deterioration . Improvements in a small number of countries -- including bright spots in parts of South Asia and Africa -- were overshadowed by a continued , relentless assault on independent news media by a wide range of actions , in both authoritarian states and countries with very open media environments . " Israel -- once the only country to be consistently rated free by the group in the Middle East and North Africa -- was ranked as "  partly free " because of the Gaza conflict . The report cited "  increased travel restrictions on both Israeli and foreign reporters ; official attempts to influence media coverage of the conflict within Israel ; and greater self-censorship and biased reporting , particularly during the outbreak of open war in late December . " Elsewhere in the Middle East , there are concerns about harassment of journalists and bloggers in Libya , Iran , Syria , Tunisia and Saudi Arabia . The drop in violence in war-torn Iraq helped journalists move around the country , and a new law in the Kurdish region gave journalists "  unprecedented freedoms . " Hong Kong , which is part of China , also dropped in rankings from free to partly free , a reflection of "  the growing influence of Beijing over media and free expression in the territory . " "  Of particular concern were the appointment of 10 owners of Hong Kong media outlets to a mainland Chinese political advisory body , increased restrictions on film releases in the period surrounding the Olympics , and reports that critics of Beijing encountered growing difficulty in gaining access to Hong Kong media platforms . " The report cited deterioration of of freedoms in Taiwan , which has been characterized as East Asia 's freest media environment . That 's because of "  legal pressures and attempts to control broadcast media outlets . " Italy dropped from free to partly free because of the "  increased use of courts and libel laws to limit free speech , heightened physical and extralegal intimidation by both organized crime and far-right groups , and concerns over media ownership and influence , " the report said . It cited fears about media magnate Silvio Berlusconi becoming prime minister again . There are concerns about "  the concentration of state-owned and private outlets under a single leader . " In the former Soviet Union , "  legal pressure and attempts to control broadcast media outlets " were cited in Russia , Armenia and Kyrgyzstan . The report noted other problems in Russia , saying "  reporters suffer from a high level of personal insecurity , and impunity for past murders or physical attacks against journalists is the norm . " Across Africa , there were "  some improvements , " citing developments in Comoros , Sierra Leone , Angola , and Liberia . But there were continued problems in places like Zimbabwe and Eritrea . "  Senegal took a significant step backward due to a dramatic increase in both legal and extralegal action against journalists and media houses , accompanied by overtly hostile rhetoric from the president and other officials , " the report said . The report cited strides in South Asian nations , ranking the once "  not free " Maldives to "  partly free . " It mentioned a "  new constitution protecting freedom of expression , the opening of additional private radio and television stations , the release of a prominent journalist from life imprisonment , and a general loosening of restrictions after the country 's first democratic presidential election in October . " It said Bangladesh and Pakistan reversed declines in freedom of the media . But there were setbacks in Afghanistan and Sri Lanka , two countries racked by warfare . In some countries in the Americas , such as Mexico , Bolivia and Ecuador , "  attacks and official rhetoric against the media escalated . " Venezuela and Cuba were ranked as not free , and there were "  high levels of intimidation and self-censorship " in Colombia and Guatemala . Positive developments were noted in Guyana , Haiti and Uruguay . The worst-rated countries in the world are Myanmar , Cuba , Eritrea , Libya , North Korea and Turkmenistan . "  Given the current economic climate , which is certain to place a further strain on media sustainability and diversity in rich and poor countries alike , pressures on media freedom are now looming from all angles and are increasingly threatening the considerable gains of the past quarter-century , " the report said .	Annual survey says "  negative trends " outweighed "  positive movements " in 2008 Report singles out former Soviet Union , Middle East , North Africa Bright spots seen in parts of South Asia , Africa Worst-rated countries : Myanmar , Cuba , Eritrea , Libya , North Korea , Turkmenistan
CNN  -- A former medical technician was arrested Thursday in connection with a hepatitis C outbreak at a hospital in Exeter , New Hampshire , a federal prosecutor announced . David Matthew Kwiatkowski , 32 , is accused of infecting at least 30 people when he worked in the cardiac catheterization lab  CCL  at Exeter Hospital . He also is suspected of stealing controlled substance Fentanyl , a powerful anesthetic that is substantially more potent than morphine . According to an affidavit filed in federal court in New Hampshire , Kwiatkowski is charged with obtaining controlled substances by fraud and tampering with a consumer product . He faces more than 20 years in prison if convicted . "  The evidence gathered to date points irrefutably to Kwiatkowski as the source of the hepatitis C outbreak at Exeter Hospital . With his arrest , we have eliminated the menace this ` serial infector ' posed to public health and safety , " said United States Attorney John P. Kacavas . Multiple employees at the hospital said Kwiatkowski exhibited suspicious behavior , according to the federal affidavit . He would leave the CCL during procedures , sweating profusely , and attended procedures on his off days , according to the affidavit . On several occasions syringes were discovered in a restroom in the vicinity of the CCL , the affidavit said . Charges added for Colorado hospital worker in hepatitis case One witness even said that she thought Kwiatkowski "  was on something " and unfit for patient care . Another co-worker said he remembered an incident when Kwiatkowski was red in the face and eyes and had white foam around his mouth while he was on duty . Hepatitis C is passed through contact with contaminated blood , most often via shared needles , and is considered to be among the most serious of hepatitis viruses . It is typically asymptomatic , going undetected until liver damage shows up , according to the Mayo Clinic website . Prior to working in New Hampshire , Kwiatkowski was a traveling medical technician who worked on a contract basis in at least six other states . Gary Stephenson , a spokesman for Johns Hopkins Medicine , confirmed that Kwiatkowski worked at the hospital in Baltimore from July 2009 to January 2010 . Kwiatkowski , who is originally from Michigan and has hepatitis C , was arrested in an undisclosed Massachusetts hospital where he is being treated and will be held in custody once he is discharged . It was n't immediately clear whether he had legal representation . Kwiatkowski told authorities that he found out he had hepatitis C in May 2012 , but further investigation revealed he tested positive for the disease in June 2010 . A statement released by the hospital states that pre-employment drug testing and standard and criminal background checks were performed before he was hired . "  It is deeply disturbing that the alleged callous acts of one individual can have such an impact on so many innocent lives . As a result of his alleged actions , people in our community , who in many cases are the friends and neighbors of the 2,300 people who work here , now face the challenge of a potentially chronic disease , " said Kevin Callahan , president and CEO of Exeter Hospital , in a released statement . CDC considering recommending Hepatitis C test for boomers	NEW : David Kwiatkowski also worked at Johns Hopkins in Maryland and in five other states Kwiatkowski , 32 , is accused of infecting at least 30 people The evidence "  points irrefutably to Kwiatkowski , " a U.S. attorney says Co-workers witnessed suspicious behavior and symptoms , according to an affidavit
Atlanta  CNN  -- On Monday , I signed an online petition standing with President Obama , Warren Buffett and others to urge Congress to pass the Buffett Rule . It was a small gesture to stand for what is fair . The Buffett Rule , simply stated , requires the wealthiest Americans to pay taxes at rates not less than rates paid by middle-income Americans . Current loopholes that allow millionaires and billionaires to have unfairly low tax rates would be closed . It 's only fair . So much has happened this year to focus our attention on what is fair : Obama 's State of the Union address , the Trayvon Martin case , the rhetoric around the Supreme Court 's review of the Affordable Care Act and Paul Ryan 's proposed budget , with its cuts to services to middle - and low-income Americans . What has happened to the concept of fairness ? I 'll tell you : It 's been retooled . No longer is it defined as my parents taught me . I hear their voices saying , "  Play fair , " "  Share  my toys  and play fair , " "  Do n't cheat . Play fair . " "  You 'll have your turn at bat , play fair . " "  Do n't fight , play fair . " "  Win fair . " Even in the midst of segregation , with its pervasive lack of fairness on every front , they never wavered in their lessons about fairness . More important , there was clarity of meaning . Fairness was at the heart of being a good person . Fairness was about how I related to others , combined with how others related to me . Fairness was not one-sided . In my early 30s , I worked for someone who said , "  Fair is when I win . " It was his attempt to clarify inherent complexities in the term "  fair . " It was then I awakened to a definition of "  fair " I had not known , definition in which the individual determined fairness by how the situation affected him and him alone . Fair had been retooled . Its meaning had shifted . In this year 's State of the Union message , Obama said , "  We can restore an economy where everyone gets a fair shot and everyone does their fair share and everyone plays by the same set of rules . " I know what those words mean to me . I now know they may mean something very different to others . Some heard the same words and thought , "  Fair is when I win . " How else can we explain the person who got his job because of personal or family connections , now protesting another person getting a job because of government or corporate initiatives ? How else can we explain cuts or freezes in salaries for workers and huge pay raises and bonuses for top executives ? How else can we explain board members approving such bonuses , saying "  it 's only fair " ? How else can we explain how those with the most financial resources pay the lowest tax rates ? Fair ? Over my 60-plus years of living , I have been close to people of varied socioeconomic levels and life experiences . The differences are often striking . Take health care . I was working as a corporate executive during the developmental stages of H.R. 3962 , the Affordable Care Act , currently under review by the Supreme Court . There , I was with my peers in our good jobs with comprehensive health insurance . Some were indifferent to health care reform , while others were vehemently against it . For me , it was personal . Affordable , accessible , quality health care for every person was only fair . Was it "  only fair " because I had more personal contact with poor people or sick people or people without health insurance ? Was it "  only fair " because I knew the challenges and outrageous costs faced by my mother , who struggled with multiple sclerosis , or my sister , who has sarcoidosis ? Perhaps . But still today , as a retiree , I think it only fair . My peers , for the most part , were good people . Yet there were times I thought their attitudes and actions most unfair . It really scares me that "  fair , " as I know it , may have gone for good . The bright flames of innovation , hard work , and individual and collective achievement are snuffed out when people feel that they do not have a fair shot . Snuffed out when rules change to fit the whims of those in power . Snuffed out because people stop trying and give up on their dreams . As a teenager , I fell in love with the writings of the brilliant poet Langston Hughes  1902-67  . In his "  Dream Deferred , " he asked : "  What happens to a dream deferred ? Does it dry up like a raisin in the sun ? Or fester like a sore -- And then run ? Does it stink like rotten meat ? Or crust and sugar over -- like a syrupy sweet ? Maybe it just sags like a heavy load . Or does it explode ? " God grant me strength to fight for what is fair . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marsha Johnson .	Marsha Sampson Johnson : It 's only fair that the wealthiest pay higher tax rates She says some have redefined "  fairness " as "  when I win " Johnson : We have been taught that fairness is not one-sided ; it 's about others , as well She says the spirit of innovation and achievement is snuffed out when things are not fair
CNN  -- North Korea has upped the temperature on its neighbors , warning in a new threat that it would not give any advance notice before attacking South Korea . "  Our retaliatory action will start without any notice from now , " Pyongyang said in a statement published Tuesday by its official news agency , KCNA . North Korea said it was responding to what it called insults from the "  puppet authorities " in the South , claiming that there had been a rally against North Korea in Seoul . It called the rally a "  monstrous criminal act . " The renewed threats came a day after North Koreans celebrated the birthday of their country 's founder , Kim Il Sung , who launched the Korean War . On Monday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged the regime in Pyongyang to ditch its nuclear program and put a lid on its fiery rhetoric if it wants to hold talks . "  The United States has made clear many times what the conditions are for our entering talks and they have n't changed , " Kerry said during an interview with CNN 's Jill Dougherty in Tokyo . "  The conditions have to be met where the North has to move towards denuclearization , indicate a seriousness in doing so by reducing these threats , stop the testing , and indicate it 's actually prepared to negotiate , " he said . Kerry was speaking at the end of a three-day trip that focused on securing fresh commitments from South Korea , China and Japan to try to persuade Pyongyang to return to the negotiating table and renounce nuclear weapons . His visit followed weeks of dramatic threats by Kim Jong Un 's regime , including that of a nuclear strike on the United States and South Korea . The White House announced Monday that South Korean President Park Geun-hye will visit President Barack Obama in Washington on May 7 . "  President Park 's visit underscores the importance of the U.S.-ROK  Republic of Korea  alliance as a linchpin of peace and security on the Korean Peninsula and in the Asia Pacific region , and of the central role of alliances in the President 's Asia-Pacific rebalancing effort , " the White House said in a statement . There is uncertainty about how advanced the North 's nuclear weapons program is , but Kerry on Monday reiterated the U.S. government view that Pyongyang does n't yet have the capacity to carry out a nuclear attack . Last month , North Korea scrapped the 1953 truce that effectively ended the Korean War and said it was nullifying the joint declaration on the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . It also recently pledged to restart a reactor at its main nuclear complex that had been shut down under an agreement reached in October 2007 during talks with the United States , South Korea and four other countries . Kerry said Monday that the United States is concerned that North Korea 's dogged pursuit of its nuclear weapons program could have consequences elsewhere in the world . "  It is the belief of President Obama , myself and the administration that what happens here also has an impact on perceptions in places like Iran , the Middle East , and elsewhere where we 're engaged in nonproliferation efforts , " he said . Pyongyang insists that its nuclear weapons are a necessary deterrent because of the threat posed to it by the United States and its allies . Multilateral talks on North Korea 's nuclear program have ended in failure in the past , and Kerry said the United States is n't interested in going over old ground . "  We 're not going to go through another cycle of artificial negotiations that are geared to simply attract some kind of aid or lull in events while they continue to pursue their devices ' designs , " he said . A U.S. State Department official said Monday there are no plans to move toward direct talks , "  because North Korea has shown no willingness to move in a positive direction . " Pyongyang on Sunday rejected a different proposal for dialogue , one by South Korea last week regarding the North 's suspension of activity at the manufacturing zone that the two countries jointly operate . A statement via KCNA , the state-run news agency , called the South 's offer a "  crafty trick " and "  empty words without any content . " And a KCNA commentary Monday was titled , "  U.S. is to blame for escalating tension on Korean Peninsula . " Kerry 's trip finishes on one of the biggest dates on the North Korean calendar : "  The Day of the Sun , " when citizens celebrate the birthday of Kim Il Sung , remembered as the "  eternal president . " He died in 1994 and would have been 101 this year . Current leader Kim Jong Un paid tribute Monday to Kim Il Sung , his grandfather , as well as his late father , Kim Jong Il , by visiting the halls where both men lie in state . It was believed to be the young leader 's first public appearance in two weeks . Suspicions remain that the North could carry out a test of a mobile ballistic missile at any time . Kerry said in Beijing at the weekend that the United States and China are calling on North Korea to refrain from any provocative steps -- including any missile launches . Pyongyang made good on its promise to launch a long-range rocket around the time of Kim Il Sung 's birthday last year ; the rocket broke apart after launch and fell into the sea . North Korea has made more threats since then . It launched a rocket in December that apparently put a satellite into orbit , and in response , the U.N. Security Council approved broadening sanctions against the country . Angered by those sanctions , Pyongyang announced in January it was planning its third nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches as part what it called a new phase of confrontation with the United States . It carried out an underground nuclear bomb test in February , resulting in even tougher sanctions . Those measures , along with joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises in South Korea , prompted an intensification in the North 's threats . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Esprit Smith , Elizabeth Joseph and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	North Korea says it would not give notice before attacking South Korea John Kerry says North Korea needs to show its serious about denuclearization He says the North 's actions can affect the situation in Iran and other countries Kerry spoke at the end of a three-day trip focused on the Korean situation
EW.com  -- Demi Moore finally settled on a new Twitter handle , letting go of the @mrskutcher name that she used to grow popular on the social networking site . After announcing her split from Ashton Kutcher last November , the actress left Twitter for a while . But she recently resurfaced and asked for help in determining a new handle . As of today , Moore decided that her followers will now know her as "  justdemi . " "  So hard finding a name that was fun somewhat playful and available . So for now it will be @justdemi It could grow on me ! " she wrote on her account . It sounds like Ms. Moore is flexible about her choice â $ " so it could change again . And for a woman who still goes by her first husband 's last name , we 're surprised she made such a big deal about what she 's called on Twitter . Although we are still hoping she 'll change her mind and go with @theexmrswillis . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Demi Moore has dropped her @mrskutcher Twitter handle She will now be known as @justdemi Moore split with Ashton Kutcher last November
CNN  -- The BBC will pay British politician Lord Alistair McAlpine # 185,000 , or about $ 293,480 , to settle his libel claim arising from a news program about child abuse allegations at children 's homes , the BBC said Thursday . "  The settlement is comprehensive and reflects the gravity of the allegations that were wrongly made , " the BBC said . A BBC "  Newsnight " program on November 2 focused on allegations of child abuse from the 1970s and 1980s at children 's homes in Wales . It said two victims had alleged that a Conservative , Thatcher-era politician , whom it did not identify by name , had been among their abusers . After Internet speculation identified McAlpine , a senior political figure of the 1980s , as the alleged abuser , the victim admitted he had identified the wrong man . Alastair Campbell : Despite its failings and our past clashes , I back BBC The BBC aired an apology the day after the program was broadcast , but it did little to contain the fallout from the false accusation . On Monday , the BBC announced that an internal investigation concluded the program 's production was marked by a series of "  unacceptable " failures . The investigation into the program was carried out by BBC Scotland Director Ken MacQuarrie , who noted that the complex story had moved from commission to transmission in six days , an unusually short period for the BBC . During the controversy about the story , McAlpine , former treasurer and deputy chairman of the Conservative Party , denied any involvement and indicated he would take legal action , MacQuarrie 's report said . The story was the second major crisis to hit the BBC within months . In late September , the BBC became embroiled in a scandal over its handling of sexual abuse allegations against its late TV presenter Jimmy Savile . Latest arrest in Savile sex abuse investigation The scandal exploded amid revelations that "  Newsnight " pulled a report into allegations against Savile ahead of a planned tribute to the late TV presenter by the news organization scheduled to air later this year . Former BBC Director General George Entwistle and others were called in front of lawmakers to answer for the scandal surrounding Savile , who authorities say was suspected of having sexually abused young women and girls , sometimes on BBC premises . The BBC had established a separate chain of command for all stories related to Savile , but it was not clear whether the Wales story was regarded as Savile-related , MacQuarrie 's report said . "  As a consequence there was ambiguity around who was taking the ultimate editorial responsibility for the ` Newsnight ' report , particularly in the days leading up to the day of transmission , " it said . In addition , some "  basic journalistic checks were not completed " during the editorial process , it continued . "  Specifically , identification was not confirmed by photograph with the first victim . The second victim could not be traced in order to provide up to date corroboration . ... No right of reply was offered to the unnamed individual at the center of the allegation . " The "  key parties " did not agree on who was responsible for the final editorial approval for the story , he added . Before MacQuarrie 's review was completed , BBC News Director Helen Boaden and her deputy , Steve Mitchell , were asked to "  surrender all their responsibilities " pending the outcome of the review , the BBC said . BBC in crisis : What have we learned ?	NEW : The controversy is the second major crisis to hit the BBC in recent months The BBC will pay Lord McAlpine # 185,000 , or about $ 293,480 The settlement "  reflects the gravity of the allegations ... wrongly made , " the BBC says The case stemmed from a BBC "  Newsnight " program on child abuse allegations
CNN  -- The parents of a 3-year-old in a "  vegetative state " are suing a Kailua , Hawaii , dentist , alleging negligence and dangerous conduct that left the girl with massive , irreversible brain damage . The lawsuit filed against Lilly Geyer and her practice , Island Dentistry for Children , alleges improper medications with incorrect dosages were administered to Finley Boyle on December 3 , 2013 , according to court documents filed this week . "  As a direct and proximate result of the medications administered to  Finley  by defendants ,  Finley  suffered cardiac arrest during her dental procedure , " the lawsuit said . It also alleges that as a further result of administering improper medications , Finley "  suffered severe and permanent brain damage . " Geyer and Geyer 's attorney , John Nishimoto , did not respond to repeated requests by CNN for comment . The Island Dentistry website states it has been permanently closed and directs patients to an e-mail address . The lawsuit , filed Monday in Hawaii 's First Circuit Court , also alleges Geyer did not have a plan or procedures in place to respond to medical emergencies , such as the one Finley suffered . It seeks unspecified damages . Finley 's mother , Ashley Boyle , said she first took her daughter to the dentist in November , when she was told her daughter needed six fillings and four root canals , she said . They returned to the dentist in December to undergo the root canals , Boyle said . The parents allege that Finley was sedated and left unmonitored for 26 minutes . Finley was moved from a hospital to a hospice in late December . "  She will probably not be with us much longer , " Boyle said . Finley 's pediatric neurologist , Dr. Gregory Yen , said the girl has been in a "  persistent vegetative state " since she was brought to him a month ago . Finley has undergone four MRIs on her brain , which have shown severe damage , the doctor said . It is difficult to say how long Finley will be alive , Yen said .	A lawsuit alleges Finley Boyle , 3 , suffered massive brain damage during a dental procedure It alleges the girl was given improper medications with incorrect dosages It further alleges she suffered cardiac arrest and massive brain damage Finley 's pediatric neurologist confirms she is in a "  persistent vegetative state "
CNN  -- Up to 30 million people are facing "  a humanitarian disaster " as one of Africa 's biggest lakes shrinks , a United Nations agency warned Thursday . Porters remove goods from a boat on Lake Chad in 2007 . Lake Chad was about the size of Maryland -- bigger than Israel or Kuwait -- in 1963 , satellite images show . By 2001 , it covered less than one-fifth of that area -- making it smaller than Delaware or Mauritius . The drying-up of the shallow lake is fueling conflict and migration , the U.N. 's Food and Agriculture Organization said . Once one of the biggest bodies of water in the world , it could disappear entirely in about 20 years , the FAO said , citing forecasts from the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration . "  If that happens it 's going to be a disaster , " Parviz Koohafkan , director of the Land and Water Division of the FAO , told CNN by phone from Rome . The Lake Chad basin is "  one of the most important agriculture heritage sites in the world -- the biodiversity , the migratory birds , not to mention more than 20 million people living out of Lake Chad -- fisherpeople , farmers . " "  It would be a human disaster , a tragedy , " he said . "  In this case we have people who are the poorest of the poor . " "  In addition to an approximately 60 percent decline in fish production , there has been degradation of pasturelands , leading to a shortage of animal feed estimated at 45 percent in certain places in 2006 , reduction in livestock and biodiversity , " the agency said . The disappearance of the lake is being caused by climate change , population pressure and natural variations in climate , the FAO said . Two rivers which feed the lake , the Chari and Logone , have been significantly reduced in the past 40 years , the agency said . The organization will unveil the results of a study into the diversion of the Oubangui river in an effort to help Lake Chad at a conference , "  Saving Lake Chad , " in Rome , Italy , on Friday . "  Water transfer is not a new thing , " Koohafkan told CNN . "  The major problem is that this is water transfer among different countries . "  These options cost money , and need policy work , need technical work , " he said . "  Some kind of public-private partnership would be needed " to pay for any solution as ambitious as diverting a river . The lake borders on Cameroon , Chad , Niger and Nigeria , one of Africa 's most populous countries . It measured about 25,000 square kilometers  9,652 square miles  in 1963 and 1,500 square kilometers  579 square miles  in 2001 -- just under 17 percent its size 38 years earlier . Lake Chad is only one of many inland bodies of water which are drying up . Similar warnings have been issued about lakes in Mexico , Russia and elsewhere .	Lake Chad could dry up in 20 years , U.N. 's Food and Agriculture Organization says Lake supports livelihoods of 30 million people In 2001 , lake was one-fifth of 1963 size Climate change , population pressure fuel lake 's decline , agency says
CNN  -- The voices in the video tell the story . "  Something crazy is going on outside , " a woman shouts . "  I 'm scared . " Moments later , the same voice yells that a tree has fallen and another says , "  It 's on that guy 's camper . " Overturned campers , downed trees The footage posted on the website of CNN affiliate WAVY came from the Cherrystone Family Camping Resort on the Chesapeake Bay in Virginia , where a tornado on Thursday toppled campers and sent trees crashing onto vehicles . State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said a New Jersey couple died when a tree fell on their tent and 36 people were hospitalized -- including the couple 's 13-year-old son . He was in critical condition . She identified the fatalities as Lord Balatbat and Lolabeth Ortega , both 38 , of Jersey City . According to Geller , more than 1,300 people were staying at the campground and police have accounted for all of them , plus 40 Cherrystone staff members . Photos from the scene in Northampton County showed overturned campers , with a downed tree crushing one vehicle . The area was under a tornado warning , and Danielle Rivera -- who shot the video footage -- told WAVY of giant hail and crushing winds that tore off the awning of her family 's camper . "  I was terrified " "  I was terrified , " the 17-year-old Rivera said . "  I was so scared . " She and her mother decided to stay in the camper until the hail and wind relented enough for them to make a dash to their car . "  I thought a tree was going to fall on us , " she said . Survivors were bused to a local high school set up as a temporary shelter , and workers made sure the devastated campground was safe before allowing anyone to return , Geller said . The injured were taken to four different medical centers , with most going to Riverside Shore Memorial Hospital , she said . Tornado warning According to the National Weather Service , a cluster of "  supercells " ahead of a cold front formed a storm over Chesapeake Bay just after 8 a.m. ET . The storm intensified as it moved on ashore about 30 minutes later . The area was under a tornado warning issued at 8:20 a.m. , and Geller said the weather service confirmed that an EF-1 tornado hit the campground . An EF-1 tornado has wind speeds of 73-112 mph . Cherrystone opened in 1964 occupies 300 acres with 725 sites including cabins , cottages , and deluxe campers , its website says . Geller told reporters that the tornado appeared to come off the water and hit the campground . It also knocked over a tractor-trailer on a nearby road , injuring the driver , she said . All the other damage and injuries occurred at the campground , Geller said , adding that most of those sent to hospitals had been treated and released . Rivera told WAVYthat she and her family had been going there for 10 years , but "  never have I ever witnessed anything this bad . "	NEW : The National Weather Service confirms an F1 tornado in Virginia NEW : Police say a Jersey City , New Jersey couple died when a tree fell on their tent NEW : 36 people were hospitalized , including the son of the slain couple Photos show overturned campers and a downed tree on one vehicle
CNN  -- There are few criminal events as stunning and frightening as a mass shooting . The suddenness , randomness and unpredictability of episodes like Friday 's early morning massacre at an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater cause us all to wonder whether any place is safe . In our search for some pattern or commonality to these tragedies that might help us make sense of what appears so senseless , we invariably seek answers to such questions as : "  What would inspire someone to commit such a dreadful act , one that was clearly planned in terms of time and place ? " and "  Are there measures that would reduce the likelihood of such events or at least reduce the carnage associated with them when they do occur ? " News : Gunman kills 12 in Colorado movie theater Because the shooting suspect was alive at the scene -- many mass killers commit suicide -- we might learn a lot more than usual about a motive for mass murder . Of course , that will do little to help us prevent future events .  The number of mass murders in the U.S. has remained fairly steady , averaging about two dozen cases a year since the mid-1970s . Even though there is a general profile that typifies these perpetrators , their exact identities become crystal clear only in the aftermath . If one thing is predictable about mass shootings , however , is that they will spark arguments from gun control advocates and gun rights groups alike . Both sides of the gun issue will probably view this tragedy as one more example of why more or less gun control is the answer ... and both sides will be wrong . Tighter restrictions on gun purchasing -- for example , eliminating multiple gun sales and closing the gun-show loophole -- may help reduce America 's gun violence problem generally , but mass murder is unlike most other forms of violent conflict . News : Shooting turns theater into surreal horror -- ` This is real ' Mass killers are determined , deliberate and dead-set on murder . They plan methodically to execute their victims , finding the means no matter what laws or other impediments the state attempts to place in their way . To them , the will to kill can not be denied . Mass shootings have been exploited just as effectively by pro-gun groups to promote legislation allowing ordinary citizens to carry concealed weapons in public places . Concealed-carry proponents suggest that an armed citizenry would deter criminals or at least reduce the death toll . iReporter : ` AK-47 a weapon for war ' While logical in theory , in the chaos of the moment , few gun owners would be prepared to mount an effective counterattack . And in a crowded setting , such as the movie theater clouded with tear gas and smoke , it would be virtually impossible to distinguish the bad guy with a gun from the good guys with their guns . In the short term , there will probably be security specialists who will recommend ways in which our public spaces could be better protected . Sadly , mass shootings have occurred in shopping malls , schools , restaurants , health clubs , churches , courthouses , post offices , almost any place that people congregate . None of us would wish to turn our public spaces into tightly secured fortresses . News : Shooting victim details emerge It is also unreasonable to expect that we would begin a campaign to round up all the guns or all the potentially dangerous people who might have access to guns . Mass murder is regrettably one of the painful consequences of the freedoms we enjoy . Postscript : I do support wholeheartedly certain reasonable gun restrictions -- steps designed to reduce our nation 's overall rate of firearms violence . Still , murder in its most extreme form , as in the Colorado shooting , is particularly difficult to prevent through gun regulations , or other strategies , for that matter . Of course , that does n't mean we should n't try nonetheless . In light of the shooting , what are your thoughts on gun control and safety in public spaces ? Let us know on CNN iReport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Alan Fox .	James Fox : When a mass shooting happens , we search for answers He says investigators might be able learn about motivation by talking to the suspect Fox says many will advocate either gun control or more use of concealed weapons He says it 's very unlikely either solution could prevent mass murders
CNN Student News  -- February 11 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day What is the best role for the news media during a natural disaster ? What should the news media take care to avoid ? * * Daily Discussion Questions According to the program : What was the impact of a blizzard that struck the Northeast over the weekend ? What did various officials say about this snowstorm ? What do you think the residents affected by this storm would say about it ? How are weather forecasts valuable in preparing for a storm ? In your view , how well do people know how to use this information ? Explain . * * What are some sources of carbon monoxide ? What are the dangers of inhaling this gas ? What are some ways you can think of to prevent carbon monoxide poisoning ? * * What is the purpose of New York 's Fashion Week ? What kinds of business decisions are made surrounding this event ? Do you think this event is newsworthy ? Explain . To what extent , if any , are consumers influenced to buy the clothing they see at fashion shows ? * * What was your reaction to the segment on a chef who prepares food using dirt ? What did the chef say about why he uses dirt in the food he prepares ? Would you be interested in tasting any of his dishes ? Why or why not ? * *	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Instead of keeping the government running and focusing on the economy and other pressing issues facing the country , the House leadership has decided to play politics with women 's health and economic stability . In its 43rd vote to dismantle the Affordable Care Act , the House has shut down the government to delay the law 's implementation until 2015 . It is a desperate attack that could leave millions of people without health coverage . But a small group of far-right members of the House pushed through a provision that goes even further , passing an amendment that would allow employers and insurance companies to refuse to cover women 's preventive health care because they have a personal "  moral " objection . This would include birth control , HPV testing , breast-feeding services and counseling for domestic violence . Any employer or insurance company could refuse to cover them , and women would have no recourse . It 's a clause that could easily be abused by employers and insurers . And the amendment only covers the women 's preventive benefit -- employers would not be able to refuse to cover preventive care specific to men for "  moral " reasons . But This is from the same House Republican leaders who tried to shut the government down in 2011 over funding for Planned Parenthood 's cancer screenings , birth control and other preventive health care services and have tried dozens of times since then to block women from making their own personal medical decisions . This unprecedented and ongoing attack on women 's health is out of touch with the needs of millions of women and is deeply unpopular with the American public . Seven in 10 Americans believe that health insurance companies should cover the full cost of birth control , just as they do for other preventive services . These policies are working . Already , 27 million women across the country have been able to receive preventive health care without a co-pay , and an estimated 47 million will benefit when the law takes full effect . These investments in women 's health services are not only providing women with more control over their health and their own family planning , but they are also a great deal for taxpayers . According to research released by the Guttmacher Institute this summer , for every $ 1 we invest in birth control services , we save nearly $ 6 in the long term . It 's a smart policy for the health of women and for our nation 's economy . This is why earlier this year , Planned Parenthood members and our allies submitted more than 350,000 comments to the Department of Health and Human Services in support of the benefit . These comments came from women and men in all 50 states , and we continue to hear from women every day who are already benefiting from birth control with no co-payss . We hear from women such as Ariel of Ridgewood , New Jersey , a 23-year-old who wrote to us to say that she just married "  the love of my life " and plans to have children one day -- when she and her new husband are ready . They both have "  piles of student loans " to pay first , and she can barely afford birth control if it were n't covered . Ariel and others like her will suffer if this narrow group of GOP members of Congress succeed in their crusade to keep women from having access to birth control and other preventive care . Although it 's not the first time they 've tried , it 's alarming how far some members of the GOP will go to attack the women 's preventive benefit and the ACA itself . As the leading women 's health care provider and advocate , Planned Parenthood has fought hard to protect this benefit from the beginning because we know that birth control is basic , preventive health care for women , and it is a key economic issue for women and their families . The country wants Congress to focus on jobs and the economy , not on pushing an extreme agenda against women 's access to health care . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Cecile Richards .	Cecile Richards : House took its 43rd vote trying to kill the Affordable Care Act Included provision to let employers and insurers refuse women 's health coverage Richards : Women could lose coverage for birth control , HPV testing , other services She says Congress should stop pushing an extreme , unpopular agenda and fix economy
CNN  -- For almost a week , tens of thousands of Iranians have taken to the streets in daily protests -- handkerchiefs shielding their faces from the pungency of tear gas , fists punching the air , and chants of "  Down with the dictator " echoing against buildings . Moussovi supporters rally Wednesday in Tehran , Iran . Released by Fars News Agency of Iran . The massive outpouring is a result of a disputed presidential election that the protesters think coronated the incumbent hard-liner , President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , over their candidate , Mir Hossain Moussavi . Context can help put their grievances into perspective : Q . The Iran that we know today is the result of the Islamic Revolution . What is it ? A . The Islamic Revolution is the name given to the Iranian revolution of 1979 , when the ruling U.S.-supported monarchy was overthrown and Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was forced into exile . See timeline of recent Iranian history " The country held a national referendum to become an Islamic republic and approve a new constitution . The constitution was a hybrid of democracy and unelected religious leadership . It appointed Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini -- the leader of the revolution -- the supreme leader of the country . Before he died in 1989 , he made it known that he wanted Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to succeed him . Q. Is it true that the ultimate power in Iran lies with Khamenei ? A. Yes . The supreme leader has the final say in all important matters of the country , such as ties with foreign nations or Iran 's nuclear aspirations . He appoints the Guardian Council -- the country 's election authority . He also appoints key posts in the intelligence services and the armed forces , including the powerful Revolutionary Guard . Additionally , he confirms the president 's election . In theory , the supreme leader is appointed by a body of clerics whom voters elect . But in practice , this body -- the Assembly of Experts -- has answered to the supreme leader . Khamenei , 70 , was appointed supreme leader for life in 1989 . Q . What is the Guardian Council , which has been in the news , saying it will recount some of the votes in the disputed election ? A . The unelected Guardian Council is the second-most influential body in Iran politics . It consists of six theologians whom the supreme leader picks and six jurists nominated by the judiciary and approved by parliament . The council approves all candidates running for office in the country , and verifies election results . It vetoes bills passed by the parliament if they do not conform to the constitution and Islamic law . In the present crisis , opposition leader Moussavi has had to take his grievance to the Guardian Council . It has agreed to some vote recounts . See galleries of protests in Iran " Q. So , how much power does the president wield ? A . It depends on how nicely he plays with the Guardian Council . The president is elected by direct vote to a four-year term , for a maximum of two terms . He is responsible for economic policy and social programs , but most of the larger decisions are made by the supreme leader . In theory , his powers are second to the supreme leader 's . But in practice , he is often hamstrung by the Guardian Council . The Guardian Council has worked with hard-liner Ahmadinejad , a 53-year-old former mayor of Tehran who was elected in 2005 . But it thwarted reform attempts by his predecessor , Mohammad Khatami . Q . What is the Revolutionary Guard , who said they will take legal action against pro-Moussavi Web sites ? A . The guard was initially created to protect the leaders of the revolution . But over the years , it has broadened its scope . Today , it is directly under the control of the supreme leader and enforces the governments ' Islamic codes and morality With more than 200,000 members , it is tasked with overseeing the country 's crucial interests , including guarding its oil fields and missile arsenals . Q . What is the Basij , who are said to be behind most of the violence against opposition supporters ? A . The Basij is a volunteer paramilitary force that takes orders from the Revolutionary Guard . It plays the role of de facto morality police and is often summoned to crack down on protests . It is unknown how large the force is , though estimates are in the millions . Q . What evidence is there of ballot fraud ? A . There are no concrete examples of fraud , because independent monitors did not oversee polling in Iran , but the circumstantial evidence is persuasive . The government had initially said it would take three days to verify the ballots after Election Day on June 12 . But the election authority proclaimed Ahmadinejad the winner two hours after the polls closed . At the same time , the interior ministry said that 85 percent of the country 's 46 million eligible voters had cast ballots -- a record turnout . To many , so many ballots could not have been hand-counted in such a short time . Also , the published results showed that Ahmadinejad won even in his opponents ' strongholds , including Moussavi 's hometown of ethnic Azeri Turks . "  This is the equivalent of Barack Obama losing the African-American vote to John McCain in 2008 , " said Karim Sajadpour of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . Furthermore , Moussavi went into the election with massive support from the country 's youth , who were unhappy with the faltering economy and an unemployment rate that tops 30 percent by some accounts . The youth make up 60 percent of Iran 's population of 70 million . Q. Is it true that Ahmadinejad still enjoys widespread support ? A. Yes . Ahmadinejad is popular across Iran 's rural areas and among the Basij militia . He presents himself as a populist and a fighter . He has paid attention to the families of the bloody Iran-Iraq war , offering special preferences to veterans ' children in university admissions . As president , his hardline approach has won him support among the Guardian Council . He has earned a reputation internationally as a fundamentalist for his Holocaust denials , calls to annihilate Israel , and cat-and-mouse games with the United States and the United Nations over Iran 's nuclear activities . Many in the establishment view him as someone who does not cower to big-footing by the West . Q. Why , then , do some analysts think the vote was manipulated ? A . Some experts say that even if it is likely that Ahmadinejad won the election , it is unlikely he could have won by the margin the government is claiming -- 62.63 percent of the vote . Time magazine 's Joe Klein explains it this way : "  It is entirely possible that Ahmadinejad would have won anyway , but narrowly , perhaps with less than 50 percent of the vote , setting up a runoff election he might have lost as the other candidates united against him . It is possible that his government , perhaps acting in concert with supreme leader Ayatullah Ali Khamenei , decided to take no chances . " Q . Why is Iran 's population so young ? A . After the revolution , the leaders encouraged early marriage and large families , rewarding families with cars and television sets for each additional child . During the country 's devastating eight-year war with Iraq , which began in 1980 , the regime continued encouraging population growth , because more children meant more future soldiers . It is those children who are now coming of age . Q . Why did Iran summon Switzerland 's ambassador to complain about perceived U.S. involvement in Iran 's election process ? A . The United States cut diplomatic ties with Iran following the hostage crisis in 1979 , when students in support of the Islamic Revolution took 52 Americans hostage and held them for 444 days . Q. Is this movement a challenge to the Islamic republic ? A . The demonstrators say their demand is simple : Hold fresh elections . They say they are not out to challenge the Islamic regime . Watch protests Wednesday in Tehran " Furthermore , Moussavi is an unlikely man for the job . Though the 67-year-old former prime minister is credited for successfully navigating the Iranian economy as prime minister during the Iran-Iraq war , he also was a hard-liner whom the Economist described as a "  firm radical . " He , like most Iranians in power , does not believe in the existence of Israel . He defended the taking of the American hostages in 1979 . He was part of a regime that regularly executed dissidents . And as late as April , he opposed suspending the country 's nuclear-enrichment program but said it would not be diverted to weapons use . The protests have exposed a fissure in the country , however , with tens of thousands of Ahmadinejad backers taking to the streets in a show of force of their own . Q. Are the current protests likely to continue ? A. For now , the government seems to be allowing the populace to vent pent-up frustrations . But it also is gradually cracking down , such as blocking Web sites and banning international journalists from filming the rallies . The demonstrations have so far been focused on urban areas . Should the populace in rural areas take up the call for reform , the government might step in quickly to quash the protests , analysts say . See map of demonstration sites in Tehran " Q. Is this the first time Iranians have risen up in mass protests against the regime ? A. No . Iran has twice seen public calls for reform in recent years : in 1999 , after the closing of a reformist newspaper , and after parliamentary elections in 2000 . On both occasions , the Revolutionary Guard descended on the streets after a few days and crushed the movements . Q. So , can true reform come to Iran ? A . It is possible . Ahmadinejad 's predecessor , Khatami , was elected president in 1997 by a landslide , despite being a reformer . During his two terms , he championed freedom of expression , tried to mend diplomatic relations , and supported a free market . He was , however , hamstrung at every step by stiff resistance from the supreme leader and the Guardian Council . This report includes information from various sources , including the U.S. State Department , the CIA Factbook , Human Rights Watch , Amnesty International , previous CNN reports and guest commentaries .	Protests have followed disputed presidential election results in Iran President Ahmadinejad is popular across Iran 's rural areas , among Basij militia Protesters say not out to challenge the Islamic regime , just want fresh vote Iran previously saw protests , public calls for reform in 1999 and 2000
CNN  -- Falkland Islands lawmakers say they wo n't back down in the face of Argentina 's efforts to claim the South Atlantic territory . Residents of the islands , which Argentina calls the Malvinas , voted earlier this month to remain under British rule . That leaves no room for debate , lawmakers from the islands wrote in a letter to the United Nations published online Monday . "  The referendum result makes it clear that we have no desire to be governed by Argentina , " they wrote . "  Continued harassment of our economic development and intimidation of those who want to do business with us and invest in the islands will not change this fact . The more Argentina presses our small community , the harder will be our resolve . " Argentina 's president calls Falklands vote ` parody ' But Argentina 's top officials and supporters in many Latin American countries have a different take . They argue that the referendum was invalid and have decried the United Kingdom for pushing a colonialist approach onto the territory . "  It is as if a consortium of occupiers had voted on whether to continue illegally occupying a building , " Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said earlier this month . "  The results were fixed . " Argentine Foreign Minister Hector Timerman and other Latin American leaders are scheduled to meet Tuesday with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and other U.N. officials over the matter . The meetings have drawn the ire of the Falkland Islands government . "  Mr. Timerman 's frantic efforts to lobby the international community to ignore our voice strikes us here as the diplomacy of desperation , " Falkland Islands Assembly member Gavin Short said in a written statement . The islands , which raise their own taxes but rely on the United Kingdom for defense and foreign policy , are one of 14 British Overseas Territories and have been under British rule since 1833 . Falkland Islanders vote to stay British The two countries went to war over the territory in 1982 after the then-military government in Argentina landed troops on the islands . Argentina put its death toll from the conflict at around 645 . Britain says its civil and military losses amounted to 255 . For more than a year , renewed rhetoric between Argentina and the United Kingdom over the islands has escalated to a fever pitch , with both sides accusing each other of colonialism . Prince William 's military deployment to the islands last year further fueled tensions , drawing sharp criticism from Argentinian officials . The British government accuses Argentina of trying to coerce island residents by intimidating those involved in fishing and oil exploration and trying to isolate the remote islands by limiting access by sea . Located about 480 kilometers  298 miles  east of the tip of South America , the Falklands have long been coveted as a strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of natural resources , including lucrative fisheries and a growing oil drilling industry . About 1,600 people were eligible to vote in the referendum earlier this month , officials said . Asked whether they wanted to remain a British Overseas Territory , more than 99 % of Falkland Islands voters who cast ballots said yes , according to a government spokesman . Just three people voted no , spokesman Darren Christie said . Pictures at the polls showed some residents of the islands draped in Union flags as they cast their votes . Cars displayed banners that read , "  We 're British and proud . " A parade honoring British heritage marked the start of voting Sunday . The vote drew praise from British Prime Minister David Cameron . "  It 's the clearest possible result there could be , " he said , "  and the fact is that the Falkland Islands may be thousands of miles away , but they are British through and through , and that is how they want to stay . " CNN 's Dana Ford and Laura Smith-Spark and journalist Ivan Perez Sarmenti contributed to this report .	Lawmakers : "  The more Argentina presses ... the harder will be our resolve " "  We have no desire to be governed by Argentina , " Falklands lawmakers say Argentina says a referendum earlier this month was invalid British Prime Minister David Cameron praised the vote
CNN  -- Narain Karthikeyan says India is brimming with excitement on the eve of the country 's first ever Formula One grand prix . The Buddh International Circuit , 50km outside the capital New Delhi , is set to welcome the world 's fastest drivers at the weekend as it makes its Formula One debut and Karthikeyan thinks the event could spark a huge boom in the sport 's popularity . As the only native driver in the race , Karthikeyan believes Sunday 's Grand Prix is an important landmark both for himself and his country . "  It is an historic and symbolic moment that an Indian driver is on the grid and , of course , there is a lot following Formula One for a long time , " the Hispania Racing Team driver told F1 's official website . "  There will be a lot of fans here . It will be hard to explain but it is what it is . I want to enjoy the weekend , have a lot of fun , and try and do the best I can do . "  I just want to enjoy the whole atmosphere . My family , everyone is coming . It is a huge day for Indian motorsport . " Karthikeyan , who became India 's first ever F1 driver in 2004 , says a solid following has built up for the sport since the races were televised in 1993 . And he thinks India 's maiden grand prix will only increase the country 's thirst for motorsport . He added : "  Once Formula One is here the exposure will create a big opportunity for the young drivers and for the whole motorsport infrastructure to grow . We are all looking forward to it . India is different to China . "  There has been a lot of interest in Formula One for a long time . It has been that long , since 1993 , that it has been on TV live here and I think it is going to be very good for the sport and all the motorsport fraternity here is very , very excited . " Karthikeyan also said the track at the Buddh International Circuit should make for an exciting race . "  With the circuit , again like everybody else , it is wide in some places , I am sure lots of different lines you are going to see , lots of overtaking , " he said . "  It is definitely a very challenging circuit , with lots of run off areas and so on , so they have done a very good job , no doubt . "	Narain Karthikeyan says the Indian Grand Prix is huge for his country Indian Formula One driver says the race can boost the sport 's popularity Sunday 's Indian Grand Prix is the first to be held in the country Karthikeyan calls it a historic moment for himself and for India
Jury selection in the trial of James Holmes , the suspect in the 2012 Colorado movie theater shooting , wo n't begin until January , a judge ruled Monday . The delay gives Holmes ' defense team more time to review a court-ordered sanity examination and prepare for the trial . His attorneys had asked for a longer delay in the trial , Arapahoe County District Judge Carlos A. Samour Jr. said in his order . But the judge said he "  refuses to unnecessarily delay this case . " Jury selection will begin January 20 , and attorneys should be prepared to make opening statements on June 3 , Samour said . It could take up to four months to pick a jury in the death penalty trial , he said . Holmes is accused of opening fire inside a packed movie theater in Aurora during a midnight showing of the Batman film "  The Dark Knight Rises " in July 2012 , killing 12 people . He has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity to the 166 charges he faces in the rampage . The trial has been delayed several times . It was originally set to begin in August 2013 . Holmes ' attorneys argued in a motion filed last year that their client "  suffers from severe mental illness and was in the throes of a psychotic episode when he committed acts that resulted in the tragic loss of life . " Last month , the parents of a woman killed in the shooting filed a lawsuit accusing online retailers who allegedly sold Holmes ammunition , body armor , tear gas and other equipment of negligence .	A judge rules that jury selection will begin on January 20 The movie theater shooting trial has been delayed several times James Holmes is accused of killing 12 people in a shooting rampage in Aurora , Colorado
CNN  -- Bagpipes are n't a sound one readily associates with Greece . Yet along with the menacingly slow beat of a drum , they 're the soundtrack of one of the country 's more unusual historic tours . A small group , illuminated by gas lanterns , is standing at the foot of a medieval moat at the entrance to one of Europe 's best-preserved medieval cities and a UNESCO World Heritage site -- the Old Town in Rhodes . A guide dressed as one of the Knights of Saint John is leading the tour , dredging up some of the island 's more sinister history , including how Sultan Suleiman the Great used fallen bodies from his own army to cross the moat during the 1522 Siege of Rhodes . Experiencing the ` new ' Greece Perhaps even more surreal than this somewhat kitsch historical re-enactment is the fact that it was conceived by one of the island 's most exclusive resorts : Lindian Village  Rhodes ; +30 22440 35900 ; rooms from $ 213 ; Medieval Mystery Tour $ 203 per person  . This year , the property launched a series of unique offerings under the heading "  Experience Greece . " Other excursions include a fishing expedition on a caique  a traditional wooden fishing boat  , beauty treatments performed with natural Greek products  yogurt , honey and lemon  and wine tastings from small vineyards in the surrounding Dodecanese islands . Mariza Sviriadis , the hotel 's managing director , says the idea came to her during the six-year economic crisis that brought much of the country to its knees . "  The whole of Greece , it was like a small war , " she tells CNN . While many properties on the island reacted by pushing out all-inclusive packages -- essentially keeping tourists indoors and away from local businesses in dire need of cash -- Sviriadis decided to take the opposite approach . She launched "  Experience Greece " to get guests out of the hotel , and to promote sites that , though deserving , had remained under the radar for far too long . "  I wanted to show that there was more to Greece than that , and more to Greece than feta cheese , " she says . "  The crisis forced us to change the way we were thinking , and to get creative . Before , we could be a bit arrogant . Now , we have to be the best . " Nothing to lose Sviriadis is n't alone . Throughout Greece , the recession is changing tourist offerings , giving them a new slant . "  The crisis is the best thing that happened to me , " says Tina Kyriakis , founder of Alternative Athens  +30 6948 405 242 ; tours from $ 60 per person  . Kyriakis worked in marketing for a multinational corporation before she was laid off in 2010 . Two years later , she launched her own tourism company . Like Sviriadis , she noticed that tour offerings in Athens had been stuck in a rut . "  I looked around at what existed in Athens in terms of tourism and it was all very standard , very stereotypical , all ` ancient Athens ' , " she says . "  There is so much more to Athens than just the ancient part . "  It 's a very complicated city and you have to get under its skin to understand it and appreciate it . So that was the concept . " In addition to its quirky walking tours  among the most popular are a graffiti tour and a guided walk through the "  enchanted forests " outside the city  , the company pairs visitors with Athenian gourmets , who host four-course supper clubs in their apartments . She now hosts two tours a day , attracting up to 25 visitors at a time . If it were n't for Greece 's economic slump , she says she might never have found the courage to start the venture . "  It was the kick in the butt I needed . I could either go back to the corporate world , which does n't have a future in Greece any more , or I could do this . "  So I just jumped in and did it , because there was nothing I could lose . " Beyond the package vacation There are many regions in Greece that package tour operators miss , regions that are only recently starting to find their voice . The island of Milos is a case in point . Sure , it 's home to Phylakopi , a bronze-aged settlement that lays claim to being one of Europe 's oldest cities . It also possesses a history of mineral extraction that would set any geologist 's heart aflutter and is where the Venus de Milo was uncovered . Yet it has been largely overlooked by tour operators , low-cost airlines and visitors alike . "  We 're not that kind of destination . We have small family-run hotels that focus on service and quality rather than volume , " says Antonis Mallis , who runs boutique travel agency Travel Me to Milos  +30 22870 41008 ; packages from $ 40 per person per day  . "  We do n't have hotels where you can go in and sell , sell , sell . "  That 's why tour operators do n't like us that much . We 're a headache . Mallis started his company in 2011 after leaving a lucrative position at an insurance company to return to his home island . "  The majority said , ` are you crazy ? You 're leaving a very good , well-paying job for something like this ? ' " Mallis recognized that Milos had a lot to offer travelers : ancient thermal baths , underwater caves , an old pirate lair , third-century catacombs decorated with Christian murals . He also recognized that no one was talking up the island 's assets , or making them accessible . "  It 's easy to go online and get a cheap room . It 's not easy to get in-depth knowledge of a destination . "  If someone contacts us , we can tell them where to go , or which way the wind is blowing that day . " Mallis supplies more than weather updates . His specialty is archeology and geological tours , which highlight some of the island 's incredible scenery . He 's also teamed up with other vendors on the island to offer a range of sailing and hiking expeditions . He recently introduced cooking lessons that showcase the island 's local cheese and produce . "  As a young boy , I 'd remember seeing the odd , small German group walking around the island , but that was it . Now , we have something more organized , we 're reaching more markets , and we 're seeing progress , " he says . Other tours Other examples of off-the-beaten path experiences abound , many introduced by local companies launched in the last few years . Eumelia Frangiksos Karelas converted his family farm into an agro-tourism venture that includes a range of holistic activities , including yoga retreats , mountain biking , olive picking and wine making . Eumelia , Laconia ; +30 21303 69814 ; see website for tours and prices Biolea Producing one of the few single-estate olive oils in Greece , this organic farm uses a traditional stone mill , and runs free tours of the grounds by appointment . Visitors get a rare glimpse into the Cretan olive oil tradition . Biolea , Crete ; +30 2824 023281 Bioporos An organic farm on the southwest coat of Corfu , Bioporos lies between the only cedar forest in the Mediterranean and a Blue Flag beach . Visitors can eat at the organic restaurant on site , participate in farming activities , learn traditional methods of cooking  the premises does n't use electricity  or detox with the help of magnetic therapy . Bioporos , Corfu ; +30 2661 076224 Kinsterna Hotel Housed in a 13th-century manor and surrounded by 18 acres of olive groves , vineyards and citrus trees , the Kinsterna Hotel seems a slice of paradise . It opened its doors in 2010 , and has since introduced a range of exotic activities . Guests can harvest the estate 's olives and grapes  with their feet  , try their hand at soap making , basket weaving or fishing , or can simply tour some of the nearby scenery , including the Jurassic era Kastania Cave . Kinsterna Hotel , Monemvasia : +30 27320 66300 ; rooms from $ 241 Avli Hotel Among other culinary offerings , Crete is known for its snails . At the Avli Hotel , guests can go on a morning excursion through the mountains to gather the shelled creatures , which are later served for lunch or dinner . Avli Hotel , Crete ; +30 28310 58250/26213 ; from $ 241 for two nights , two people Ikarian Winery Located in one of the "  blue zones "  one of five areas in the world known for the exceptional longevity of the local population  , the friendly , family-run Ikarian Winery draws in guests with its affordable  and perhaps life-lengthening  cooking and wine courses . Food and wine seminars last up to six days  there 's accommodation on the premises  , though those short of time can opt for a wine tasting  served with snacks  . Ikarian Winery , Ikaria ; +30 22750 31151 ; six day courses from $ 400 per person Milia Mountain Retreat Milia Mountain Retreat , an eco-lodge in Crete , teams with Natour Lab to offer five - and seven-day gastronomy workshops that focus on the island 's culinary traditions . Guests even get to play beekeeper at a local honeybee farm . Cooking lessons are broken up by nature hikes , beach bumming and a vineyard tour . Mila Mountain Retreat , Crete ; +30 28210 46774 ; cooking workshops from $ 127	Greek financial crisis has inspired innovation in country 's tourism industry Tina Kyriakis , the founder of Alternative Athens , offers tours of the city 's best graffiti Antonis Mallis left a lucrative job to start a travel agency promoting his home island of Milos
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York.VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . London  VBS.TV  -- On Saturday , Aug. 6 , people gathered in Tottenham to protest the police shooting of a 29-year-old local man . It quickly escalated into riots , looting and arson . Those Tottenham riots have now inspired copycats . Early on Monday evening the whole city rose up against law and order . Shops were looted , huge buildings were burned , people were pulled from their cars and homes were invaded . All while our Parliament , London 's mayor and Britain 's prime minister were away on holiday . And now it 's spreading , as Liverpool , Birmingham , Bristol and many other cities have burst into violence . The riots may have begun as a protest , but now they 're just mindless and brutal , with gangs roaming the streets in balaclavas , wielding bats and bottles . We were filming as Monday 's mob sparked into action after police stopped and searched two men in front of a nervous crowd in Hackney , London . Thirty minutes later , kids were tearing the street apart , smashing up opticians , sports shops , raiding supermarkets for ammo , attacking busses and looting a tree surgeon 's van for wooden weapons . See the rest of Hackney : Systems Overload at VBS.TV As the police have been overrun , most of the nation have submitted authority to the mob , with only East London 's Hasidic , Muslim and Turkish communities beating the crowd back from shops and mosques . By Tuesday , many people were calling for the army to be deployed and a curfew to be brought in to combat the anarchy , but instead tonight the police were allowed to have a second go at controlling the streets . While only 6,000 cops were active on Monday , yesterday 16,000 police armed with rubber bullets greeted any would-be rioters in London . It was a tactic that paid off as the city became a ghost town , with only isolated disturbances . However , elsewhere in England it was a different matter . Manchester saw sustained looting by more than a thousand youths , cars were torched in Liverpool , and three men died in Birmingham after being hit by a car as they defended their mosque .	Police shooting of a man in London sparks protests that quickly turn violent Vice goes into the thick of rioting in Hackney Rioters smash storefronts , attack vehicles , loot for weapons and ammunition
President Barack Obama traveled to his adopted hometown of Chicago on Tuesday to continue his week-long campaign of garnering support for his executive action on immigration reform , but he led his speech by remarking on the deadly riots in Ferguson . "  The frustrations that we 've seen are not just about a particular incident . They have deep roots in many communities of color who have a sense that our laws are not being enforced uniformly or fairly , " the President said . Moving on to the immigration issue , Obama touched on the reasons he signed the executive order last week that would allow millions of immigrants to stay in the country . He also made the argument that if Congress wants to repeal his orders , they should just , "  pass a bill . " RELATED : Obama : ` No sympathy ' for violence in Ferguson He referred to the bipartisan bill that passed the Senate , but has little hope of being brought up in the Republican-controlled House , saying , "  A year and a half ago , the Senate passed a bipartisan bill to fix this system . " "  We would have doubled the number of border patrol agents , " Obama said . "  We would have made our legal immigration system smarter and fairer . It would have given millions of people the right to earn their citizenship . " But , he added , "  For a year and a half , Republican leaders in the House simply would not allow a vote . " The President reiterated that this executive action is just the beginning of the change he would like to see and that he believes his actions are legal , adding that both Presidents Reagan and Bush issued executive orders on the immigration issue . Obama was briefly interrupted by three immigration activists who heckled him , calling him the "  deporter-in-chief . " "  It does n't make sense to yell at me right now , " he said . "  What you 're not paying attention to is , I just took an action to change the law . " His address was held at the Copernicus Community Center , which is in a predominantly Polish-American community on the north side of the city . Before the President spoke , reporters overheard many of the attendees conversing and ordering refreshments in Polish . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Illinois Governor Pat Quinn were also in the audience . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	President Barack Obama commented on the tensions in Ferguson before pushing for immigration reform He said if Republican lawmakers do n't like his executive action that would slow deportations , they should "  pass a bill " Obama 's speech was interrupted by hecklers derided the President as "  deporter-in-chief "
CNN  -- A Texas state board said Friday that arson investigators used flawed science but were not negligent in an investigation that led to a controversial 2004 execution . The panel also said that investigators did not commit misconduct . Cameron Todd Willingham was executed in 2004 , 13 years after a fire killed his three daughters . Prosecutors argued that Willingham deliberately set the 1991 blaze -- but three reviews of the evidence by outside experts have found the fire should not have been ruled arson . The last of those reports was ordered by the Texas Forensic Science Commission , which has been looking into Willingham 's execution since 2008 . A September 2009 shake-up by Texas Gov. Rick Perry kept that panel from reviewing the report . But on Friday , the panel declared that investigators were using the science available to them at the time , even though it was flawed . The board said it would present its final report for a vote at a meeting in October . The Forensic Science Commission 's chairman is now John Bradley , an Austin-area district attorney with a reputation as a staunch supporter of the death penalty . Bradley has pledged to state lawmakers that the Willingham investigation "  absolutely " will continue -- but said the panel needs better rules to guide its work , and could not say when the Willingham issue would move forward . Thursday , he told CNN that the concerns of Willingham 's supporters are based on "  a lot of misinformation . " "  I think that 's being used very much as a side issue to politicize , through some New York lawyers , the work of the commission , " Bradley said . "  The commission has been very clear that the commission is going to address the merits of the Willingham case . " The panel also said Friday that a legal opinion that challenged the panel 's jurisdiction in the matter was not the "  law " of the commission , state Sen. Rodney Ellis said . On Friday , he said he was "  happy " to hear the investigation would continue , but concerned that the investigation was looking for misconduct and negligence in the wrong place . "  Unfortunately , the commission is off-track in terms of what it should be investigating , " he said in a statement . "  It was painfully apparent that many FSC members believe that flawed science was used in the Willingham conviction , but the FSC does not seem interested in looking at the bigger picture : When did the State Fire Marshal start using modern arson science and did the State Fire Marshal commit professional negligence or misconduct when it failed to inform the courts , prosecutors , the Board of Pardons and Parole , and the Governor that flawed arson science had been used to convict hundreds of defendants ? " Ellis , a Houston Democrat , serves as the chairman of the board of The Innocence Project -- the "  New York lawyers " that have supported efforts by Willingham 's stepmother and cousins to clear his name . The group advocates for prisoners it says are wrongly convicted , and Ellis said the commission 's work "  is too important to be bogged down in political bickering . " "  Texans need the FSC to perform its work in a timely manner , so the public can once again have confidence in forensic evidence and confidence that the truly guilty are behind bars and the innocent are free , " he said . But Bradley said the commission has never decided to apply the logic of the legal opinion to the case on Friday 's agenda . Bradley was named the panel 's chairman two days before the Forensic Science Commission was to hear from Craig Beyler , a Maryland-based fire science expert . Beyler concluded the arson finding at the heart of the Willingham case "  could not be sustained , " either by current standards or those in place at the time . The Innocence Project requested the investigation after a report it commissioned reached the same conclusion . Death-penalty opponents say an impartial review of Willingham 's case could lead to the unprecedented admission that the state executed an innocent man . Perry , who signed off on Willingham 's execution , is up for re-election in November , and his critics have accused him of trying to short-circuit the review . Perry has said he remains confident of the condemned man 's guilt , and police in the town of Corsicana , where the fire occurred , say other evidence beyond the arson testimony Beyler criticized supports the prosecution . Cox , a retired nurse in Ardmore , Oklahoma , told CNN that spiking the commission 's investigation would be a "  blatant miscarriage of justice . " "  The reasonable people of this country and the state of Texas can see through what this is , " she said .	NEW : Texas panel says investigators were not negligent and did not commit misconduct NEW : Commission disagrees with legal opinion challenging its jurisdiction At issue is a 2004 execution of a man convicted on investigators ' findings Critics accuse the governor of trying to short-circuit the review of a 2004 execution
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An independent research group predicts that cyberwarfare will accompany future military conflicts and is recommending international action to blunt its impact . Computers can become victims in future military conflicts , a nonprofit group says . The nonprofit U.S. Cyber Consequences Unit studied the cybertactics used against the country of Georgia during its military conflict with Russia last year . Cyberattacks in August 2008 shut down the Web sites of crucial Georgian government agencies , the media and banks . "  The Russians have developed a model here that is very effective , " said Scott Borg , director of US-CCU . "  We can expect to see the Russians use it in the future , and other countries as well . " Because of the sensitive nature of much of the information , the full 100-page report is being released only to U.S. government officials and selected cybersecurity professionals . CNN was provided a nine-page summary . The study concludes that the cyberattacks against Georgian targets were carried out by civilians , many of them recruited via social networking forums devoted to dating , hobbies and politics . "  There was a large-scale collaboration on these forums , " said US-CCU 's chief technical officer , John Bumgarner . "  They were used to recruit potential actors to launch attacks , to collaborate on what types of attacks worked and what types of attacks did n't work . They were used to collaborate on how to bypass security controls and share attack codes . " As a result , Borg said , Russian sympathizers who were not hackers , and who did n't even know much about computers , could participate . The report says the civilian cyberattackers were aided and supported by Russian organized crime . Although they found no evidence of direct involvement by the Russian government or military , the report concludes that the organizers were tipped off about the timing of Russian military operations . "  There was a lot of information being passed on , but at what level it was being passed on was hard to say , " Borg said . The report says that "  the necessary reconnaissance and the writing of attack scripts had to have been done in advance ... and suggests that cyber attacks against Georgia had been on the Russian agenda for some time . " The hackers did not carry out physically destructive cyberattacks , although they probably had the technical expertise to do so , suggesting that "  someone on the Russian side was exercising considerable restraint , " the report says . It also notes that media and communications facilities , which might have been attacked by missiles and bombs in a conventional war , were spared that , "  presumably because they were being effectively shut down by cyberattacks . " Because the cybercampaign against Georgia presents a pattern that can be expected in future conflicts , the report says , there is an "  urgent need " for an international organization to provide risk advisories when preparations for a cybercampaign are detected . It also says there should be an international cyber-response force to provide quick assistance to member countries , advising them on how to thwart an attack and setting up operations to do so . The report also recommends that every country conduct cyber-response exercises , otherwise "  the relevant officials will waste precious time trying to figure out whom they should be contacting and what they should be doing . " Bumgarner said that cyberwarfare "  is a global chess game in which citizens , governments and corporations are the pawns . " Borg added , "  Right now , the international community has no idea how to deal with this . "	Study looked at cybertactics used during Russia-Georgia conflict Civilians recruited from social networks carried out most attacks , report says International agency needed to advise about risks , group says Another recommendation is creation of cyber-response force
CNN  -- Two Metro-North passenger trains heading in opposite directions collided during rush hour Friday evening in southwestern Connecticut , damaging both trains and leaving dozens injured -- some of them critically -- authorities said . A train heading from New Haven to New York City derailed around 6:10 p.m. , hitting the other train in Bridgeport , Connecticut , Metro-North spokeswoman Marjorie Anders said . That caused some cars on the second train , which was destined for New Haven , to likewise leave the tracks . Gov. Dannel Malloy told reporters Friday night that five people were "  critically injured , " one of whom was in "  very critical condition . " Two of the 26 people being treated at Bridgeport Hospital are in critical condition , said spokesman John Cappiello . St. Vincent 's Medical Center , also in Bridgeport , treated 41 patients from the incident , hospital spokeswoman Lucinda Ames said . One of those was in serious condition and in intensive care , while the others mostly had minor injuries like "  you might get in a car accident . " By 9:45 p.m. , 11 of the 67 who had gone to hospitals had been released . A passenger in a middle car of the New York-bound train , Chris Martin , recalled to CNN how his car went dark after the crash , then someone over the intercom "  called all the doctors up front . " He and others aboard his "  pretty full train " were evacuated , most of them physically fine if emotionally shaken . But there were signs of injuries outside , as Martin said he personally saw eight or nine ambulances and a number of wounded people on stretchers . Brian Alvarez , who saw the wreckage , described the scene as "  pretty graphic . " "  I saw this one car and it was completely destroyed , and they were pulling people out of the car , " Alvarez said . " ... They were all bloody . " Power was shut off along the line and service has been halted -- westbound past Bridgeport , which is about 60 miles northeast of New York City on the Long Island Sound , and eastbound beyond South Norwalk -- because of the derailment . Amtrak also announced early Friday night that it had suspended all travel between New York and Boston indefinitely after the crash . Bridgeport Mayor Bill Finch said such travel headaches could persist for weeks , because the two tracks affected by the derailment -- which are both "  shot right now " -- may take weeks to repair . Because of a bridge replacement project , those two tracks are the only way in and out of New York City by train from that part of Connecticut . Workers will need to not only remove disabled trains , but also remove the tracks , regrade the rail bed , then lay down the tracks again , according to Finch . "  This is our pipeline to New York City , and it 's going to be shut down for some time , " the mayor said . "  And it 's going to cost this region a great deal of money , frankly , not just to repair it but the lost wages and the lost economy . " Officials from the National Transportation Safety Board will head the investigation into the crash . Terry Williams , a Washington-based spokesman for that agency , said a team should be on site by 9 a.m. Saturday . "  We have no reason to believe that it 's anything but an accident , " Gov. Malloy said . CNN 's Morgan Winsor , Brittany Brady , Todd Sperry and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : NTSB officials should be on site by 9 a.m. Saturday , spokesman says One train derailed then hit a train going the other way , spokeswoman says Two hospitals have treated 67 injured people , spokespeople say ; 2 are critical A mayor says it may take weeks to get train service moving again on that key corridor
London  CNN  -- The success of France 's anti-euro National Front party in the first round of the country 's presidential elections thrust the far right into the headlines . A day later in the Netherlands , the refusal of the far-right Freedom Party to back austerity measures led the Dutch government to collapse . Two very different scenarios , but with a common thread : the efforts of extremist parties to win support by plugging into popular discontent over the financial crisis , against the backdrop of a wider social unease and anti-immigrant sentiment . Across Europe , anger at a perceived mismanagement of the economic crisis , and accompanying high unemployment , low growth and painful cuts , has seen the fall of half a dozen governments . Ireland , Portugal , Spain , Greece , Finland and Italy are among them -- and unless President Nicolas Sarkozy pulls a victory out of the bag in the second round of voting on May 6 , France may be the next to see power change hands , this time in a shift to the left . Sarkozy , for his part , says he will keep an open ear to the concerns of the National Front party , led by Marine Le Pen -- but rejected any notion of striking a deal with the far-right group . "  There will be no pact with the National Front , there will be no National Front ministers , but I refuse to demonize the men and women who in voting for Marine Le Pen expressed a crisis vote , a vote of anger , a vote of suffering and a vote of despair , " he said on French radio Wednesday . "  I have to take their message into account , I have to listen to them , I have to hear them and not hold my nose . " Even so , will the region 's economic insecurity translate into greater gains for the far right ? Europe 's far-right parties are definitely seeing a resurgence , according to Dr. Matthew Feldman , director of the Radicalism and New Media Research Group at the University of Northampton , but the austerity crisis is only one part of the picture . He says the far right movement has been gaining ground for years , thanks partly to efforts to revamp its previously overtly racist and fascist image . This does n't mean that those racist or Nazi-sympathizing elements do n't still exist within different countries ' far right groups , he said , but those at the top have often learned to present a more acceptable public face . Instead of open racial attacks , they play up a threat to national identity and criticize multiculturalism , Feldman said . On the campaign trail , National Front leader Marine Le Pen called for France to leave the eurozone and restore its own currency , the franc , as well as criticizing its political integration into the European Union . But her rhetoric also drew on an anti-immigrant , anti-Muslim sentiment that has deep roots in France and elsewhere . A report by rights group Amnesty International released Monday highlighted the issue , saying Muslims in Europe face discrimination in education , employment and religious freedom . This discourse was likely a factor in Sarkozy turning the labeling of halal meat into an election issue , in a bid to win far-right supporters from Le Pen . Dr. Michael Minkenberg , a professor of political science at the European University Viadrina in Frankfurt  Oder  who has also taught at New York , Cornell and Columbia universities , said concern over immigration , law and order "  and the feeling that things are n't what they used to be any more " are at the heart of support for Europe 's radical right . Euroscepticism , as resistance to greater European political integration is known , is also on the increase , he said , and "  there 's this anxiety about what will happen , a growing complexity and not much reassurance from either national governments or the European Union . " Coupled with a mistrust of the political elite , this has also led to a swell of support for the far right in Austria , Belgium and Scandinavian countries , Minkenberg said . Despite that trend , analysts caution against drawing sweeping conclusions from the far right 's success in France . The National Front has been well entrenched in France 's political life for decades , under Jean-Marie Le Pen before his daughter Marine took charge last year , said Thomas Klau , of the European Council on Foreign Relations . As such , its achievement in taking a fifth of the votes in Sunday 's election , while notable , does not indicate a sudden rise to prominence for the far right , he said . Socialist Francois Hollande , who is favored to win on May 6 , told France 's daily Liberation newspaper that he saw the strong showing for the National Front as an expression of people 's "  social anger " rather than a firm adherence to the party 's more extremist views . It revealed a discontent particularly in rural areas and among working class voters , he said , with many feeling abandoned by the government . His job will be to persuade them that his left-wing party will listen to and answer their concerns , he said . Klau argued that a feature of recent ballots in Europe has been the readiness of voters to change their governments without turning to the political extremes , pointing to Spain 's election last November as an example . "  Voters have been single minded across the eurozone in terms of expressing their dissatisfaction at how the crisis has been run by the government in charge , whatever their political hue , " he said . "  But at the same time , they have sufficient confidence in their own political system to replace their governments with the mainstream political opposition . " If the major parties can convince voters that they hear their concerns , they are less likely to turn to the extremes of left or right , said Minkenberg . But Sarkozy 's failure to deliver on his promises on immigration during five years in power has undermined his support from the right-wing electorate despite his attempt to appeal to them in campaigning , Minkenberg said . In the Netherlands , Klau said the impact of Dutch politician Geert Wilders ' decision to withdraw his Freedom Party 's support for the government , triggering its collapse , will have only a temporary destabilizing effect . The economy will be central to the election of a new government , but the far right does not attract the same level of support as in France . Wilders , who wants a referendum on the euro , preferred to exit the coalition than lose political credibility by backing the painful cuts demanded by Europe , said Dr. Kostas Gemenis , at the University of Twente in the Netherlands . Outgoing Prime Minister Mark Rutte urged lawmakers to act responsibly . "  The economy is stalling ; unemployment is threatening to rise ; and the national debt is growing more quickly than we can afford . These are the facts , and we can not ignore them , " he said Tuesday . Debt-ridden Greece also faces an election on May 6 that hinges on the economy . The situation is very fluid there , but the far-right LAOS party , with a couple of lawmakers in parliament , has lost ground to the ultranationalist Golden Dawn party , which has a history of street violence , Gemenis said . Opinion polls suggest Golden Dawn may pass the threshold of 3 % of the vote , which could give the party eight or nine MPs in a parliament of 300 , he said . "  They wo n't be able to make any difference , but it 's a very strong message when people vote for such an extreme party , " he said . At the moment , the most likely outcome is another coalition between the two main parties , Gemenis said . But if the radical groups manage to tie anger over the austerity measures mandated under the country 's international bailout to a sense of nationalism , they might pick up more disaffected voters . So , does the far right present a broader threat to European freedoms ? How extreme the anti-immigration debate becomes depends very much on the individual country , Minkenberg said . Farther east , a different strand of far-right thinking dominates in countries like Poland , Hungary , Bulgaria and Romania , he said . There , far-right groups poll around 10 % but tend to be more nationalistic in tone , he said , with anti-Semitism and anti-Roma views seen as more legitimate there than elsewhere in Europe . Feldman highlights the far right 's recent apparent moves to establish a pan-European cultural movement as the biggest risk . Far-right groups from Scandinavia , the United Kingdom , Germany and Eastern Europe gathered last month in the Danish city of Aarhus for what they said was a rally to make their governments aware of the threat of Islamic extremism . Although it was dwarfed by a left-wing counterdemonstration , the protest was significant as an attempt by the far-right groups to create a common trajectory , he said . What remains to be seen is how much traction their extreme views can gain . "  It 's clear that a large minority across Europe is n't comfortable with these things , demographic change and multiculturalism , " Feldman said . "  But what the far right offers is not something that many can accept . "	France 's National Front gained 20 % of the vote in the first round of the presidential election The far-right group is against membership of the euro and taps into anti-Muslim sentiment The far right has seen gains in Austria , Belgium , Scandinavia and elsewhere Analysts say the austerity crisis is only one factor in the far right 's rise in Europe
CNN  -- Former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko has agreed to end her nearly three-week hunger strike and receive medical treatment , her spokeswoman said Tuesday . Tymoshenko , who has been on hunger strike since April 20 , will be transferred to a hospital in the eastern city of Kharkov by Wednesday , according to spokeswoman Marina Soroka . Tymoshenko is serving a seven-year prison sentence after she was convicted last year of abuse of authority . She went on hunger strike last month to draw attention to "  violence and lack of rights " in her country after she said she was beaten unconscious in prison . The prosecutor said his office investigated her claim of abuse and found no proof to substantiate her allegations , but European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said last month that the Ukrainian Ombudsperson 's Office confirmed the report . Ashton called on Ukraine "  to examine promptly and impartially any complaints of torture or other forms of cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also expressed concern over Tymoshenko 's treatment , saying in a statement last week that photos released by the Ombudsperson 's Office "  further call into question the conditions of her confinement . " In October , a Ukrainian court found Tymoshenko guilty of abuse of authority for signing overpriced gas contracts with Russia and sentenced her to the seven-year prison term . The prosecutor said the gas deals inflicted damages to the country amounting to more than 1.5 billion hryvnias  almost $ 190 million at the current exchange rate  . The court ruled she must repay the money . Amnesty International has slammed the verdict as "  politically motivated " and called for the release of Tymoshenko , who was prime minister from January to September 2005 and December 2007 to March 2010 . Clinton also called for the release of Tymoshenko and other members of her government "  and the restoration of their full civil and political rights . " CNN 's Igor Krotov contributed to this report .	Yulia Tymoshenko has been on hunger strike since April 20 to protest her treatment in prison The ex-Ukrainian prime minister is serving a seven-year sentence for abuse of authority She will be transferred to a hospital for treatment by Wednesday , a spokeswoman says
Two bank employees were killed and a third was critically injured during a bank robbery in Illinois , and authorities said a suspect was charged Friday -- with a federal firearms offense . Authorities would say only that the Thursday afternoon holdup of the First National Bank was still under investigation a day later . But a suspect , identified by the Department of Justice as James N. Watts , was taken into custody following a high-speed chase after the robbery , and he was charged with a federal offense for possession of a firearm . According to the Illinois sex offender registry , Watts was convicted of aggravated criminal sexual abuse of an 11-year-old in 2006 and is a registered sex offender in the state , which could prohibit his possession of a firearm . Watts was arrested after abandoning a car during the chase , then being surrounded by police while he was on a railroad trestle , local authorities said . The car he was driving belonged to one of the bank employees , authorities said , adding that he was armed with a semi-automatic weapon . The injured bank worker remained in critical condition Friday with knife wounds , according to Illinois state police .	Two women were killed in an Illinois bank robbery and one was critically injured A suspect is in custody and charged with possession of a firearm His possible involvement in the bank robbery is still under investigation , police say
Tokyo  CNN  -- The bodies of two Japanese nuclear power plant workers missing since the epic March 11 earthquake and tsunami have been found , an official with the plant 's owner said Sunday . The men 's remains were found in the basement of the turbine building at the No. 4 reactor at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , an official with the Tokyo Electric Power Company told reporters Sunday . The pair -- identified as Kazahiko Kokubo , 24 , and Yoshiki Terashima , 21 , both members of the utility company 's operations management department -- were working in that building when the 9.0-magnitude quake and subsequent tsunami struck . The disaster caused damage throughout northeastern Japan , including at the power plant , which is on the Asian nation 's eastern coast about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo . One of the workers was found floating in a pool of water in the basement , the utilty company official said . Both appeared to have suffered multiple traumatic injuries and severe blood loss . The bodies were found Wednesday , but the power company did not disclose the news until late Sunday morning . Tokyo Electric officials explained the information was delayed in getting out because it took time to notify victims ' families and discuss how to announce the news . Company Chairman Tsunehisa Katsumata offered condolences for "  the loss of two valuable lives . " "  It is deeply regrettable that we lose two employees who were trying to protect the safety of the power plant from the earthquake and tsunami , " he said in a statement . Later , Katsumata reiterated Tokyo Electric 's vow that every effort is being made to address the crisis at the nuclear plant and this such a situation will never happen again . "  We swear never to repeat this tragedy , " he said , "  and we making a full effort to resolve the situation as soon as possible . " Susan Olson and Yuki Arakawa contributed to this report for CNN .	The two victims , both male , worked for Tokyo Electric and were in their 20s Their bodies were found in the No. 4 reactor 's turbine building , a utility official says They had not been seen since the March 11 earthquake and subsequent tsunami Their remains were found Wednesday , but it was n't announced until Sunday
Washington  CNN  -- The smell of exhaust from idling cars fills up the Capitol parking lot . Congressional aides have their engines revved -- ready to whisk their bosses to train stations and airports as soon as they cast their last vote . It 's a familiar scene when Congress is getting ready to leave town , especially for an extended period . But this time the race for a six-week respite feels different . There is bipartisan consensus that the United States is now at war with ISIS and that Congress should be a part of the decision-making process on how to deal with that , by passing a new authorization for military force . Bill Clinton : U.S. has proven it ca n't win an Iraq land war without Iraqis But Congress took off to go campaign full time to try to keep their jobs rather than staying to do their jobs . "  There is broad agreement in the country that this ISIS group is a threat , " Rep. Chaka Fattah , D-Pennsylvania , told CNN . "  So why not stay and debate it and not go home if your constituents believe it 's a threat ? " we asked . "  I do n't disagree , " Fattah replied . "  I 'm prepared to vote yes . So I 'm not ducking any vote . " "  It 's ridiculous , " Rep. Jared Polis , D-Colorado , said a few minutes later . "  As if there is not enough to do and it 's not just the war issues , it 's immigration reform , ENDA  Employment Nondiscrimination Act  -- it 's a number of different bills that have been filed that have bipartisan support , " Polis said . It is true that rank-and-file House members , especially those like Fattah and Polis who are in the minority party , do n't have much choice but to follow the schedule leaders lay out . Still , as we weaved through the slew of waiting cars to talk to lawmakers before they left , it was striking -- but not surprising -- the way blame was tossed around . Republicans blamed the Democrat-controlled Senate . "  The problem is that we have a do-nothing Senate , " Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , said . Republicans also blamed the president . Rep. Richard Hudson , R-North Carolina , said he 'd be glad to vote for a new use-of-force authorization against ISIS . "  I wish the President would ask for one , " Hudson said . Obama : ISIS threat against U.S. , allies ` does n't frighten us ' Democrats noted that leaving now has become a tradition to help the House , where Republicans are a majority . "  The House of Representatives runs every two years , and for many , many years the House has adjourned for the month of October . " Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri said . Some senators were openly appalled that colleagues were heading home . Freshman Sen. Deb Fischer , R-Nebraska , had publicly urged her colleagues to stay , to no avail . "  We need to be here we need to debate this issue , " Fischer told us . Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , is on the ballot in November , but hers is a safe seat . Going home to campaign is not her first priority . "  My job is to be in the Capitol working for the people of Maine and the American people and that 's where I think we all belong now , " said Collins , standing in the Capitol parking lot , pointing to the dome . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , who won his big primary fight earlier this year and should face an easy reelection in November , had a trademark pithy synopsis . "  We seem to be more worried about who runs the place than how the place runs , " he said . Ultimately , all the lawmakers who complained and called it important to stay got in their cars and left , too . There 's no reason to stay -- there are no more votes until after the election . Fresh act : 87-year-old felon Edwin Edwards wants back in . CNN 's Adam P. Levy contributed to this report .	Congress leaves D.C. to campaign full-time , with no vote yet on ISIS Republicans Democrats for not vote , Democrats blame Republicans Some members of Congress are openly appalled that their colleagues left town
CNN  -- The deaths of several people Monday during a raid by Israeli soldiers on a flotilla bringing aid to Palestinians in Gaza has once again brought worldwide attention on Israel 's blockade of the area . Who organized the flotilla ? The Free Gaza Movement , a Cyprus-based human rights group , brought together a number of organizations to form the Freedom Flotilla . The coalition includes the European Campaign to End the Siege on Gaza . Another pro-Palestinian group , Insani Yardim Vakfi  IHH  , a Turkish organization , also sent a ship . The flotilla left Cyprus on Sunday and had been due to arrive in Gaza on Monday . Why a flotilla ? The Free Gaza Movement says it wants to raise awareness of what it describes as the "  illegal siege on Gaza " by Israel . It says the blockade of Gaza by Israel is unjustified and that it denies Palestinians vital goods and services . "  We want to raise international awareness about the prison-like closure of Gaza and pressure the international community to review its sanctions policy and end its support for continued Israeli occupation , " the group says on its website . What did the convoy consist of ? Six ships -- three passenger and three cargo vessels -- were carrying over 10,000 tons of aid and 600 passengers from more than 20 countries , says the Free Gaza Movement . Most of the passengers were Turkish . The cargo consisted of food , medical aid and other supplies including cement , prefabricated housing and educational equipment , the group said . The Turkish prime minister said Monday that the vessels were inspected before they left port in Turkey to make sure the cargo did not include weapons . What does Israel say about the blockade ? The blockade was imposed by Israel in 2007 after the militant group Hamas seized control of Gaza . It is designed to stop the smuggling of arms into the territory , the Israeli government says . Israel says the Gaza shoreline is closed to maritime traffic . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev said Israeli civilians were plagued a year ago by rockets and missiles fired from Gaza that originated in places like Iran and Syria . What happens next ? The U.N. Security Council on Tuesday called for a "  prompt , impartial , credible and transparent " investigation into the raid . Across the world , protest rallies against the raid are being staged and criticism of the action continues to pour in . In Washington , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has a pre-scheduled meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu on Tuesday . Where are the activists ? Israel said that 600 flotilla activists were transported to Beer Sheva prison in southern Israel . Forty-five of them have been released and were either deported or taken to Ben Gurion International Airport . Those who remain detained are ones who have refused to identify themselves to Israeli immigration authorities , an Israeli Prison Authority spokesman told CNN . None have been placed under arrest , he said . Among the ones who have refused to give their names are many foreigners , a police spokesman said . The process involved in deporting these latter protesters is more complicated , as it requires the involvement of foreign diplomats , police said . Have ships been sent to Gaza during the blockade before ? Yes , the Free Gaza Movement says on its website it has organized eight voyages to Gaza , "  successfully arriving in Gaza five times . " The group said its "  boats are the first international ships to sail to the Gaza Strip since 1967 . " What does the U.N. say about the blockade ? The United Nations has described the blockade of Gaza by Israel as the "  collective punishment " of the Palestinian people living there . The U.N. has repeatedly criticized the blockade and what it says is an insufficient flow of materials into the area for basic needs and reconstruction . Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has warned the closure "  creates unacceptable suffering , hurts forces of moderation and empowers extremists . " What goods does Israel allow into Gaza ? About 15,000 tons of humanitarian aid flows into Gaza each week , Regev has said . Israel says it allows enough humanitarian aid -- including food and medicines -- into Gaza for the people who live there and that the blockade is designed to stop Hamas from building or acquiring arms . Israel has never published a list of banned items , but it has refused to allow into Gaza books , paper , blankets and reconstruction materials . The U.N. says 80 percent of Gazans rely on some form of humanitarian aid . Why did Israel object to the flotilla ? The Israeli government described the flotilla as a "  provocation " and said it was a political stunt . Danny Ayalon , the Israeli deputy foreign minister , said : "  The organizers ' intent was violent , their method was violent and the results were unfortunately violent . " The Free Gaza Movement said the flotilla 's aim was to "  challenge Israel 's blockade of 1.5 million Palestinians trapped in an open-air prison . " Was there another route for this aid ? The Israeli government said it would allow humanitarian aid on the flotilla into Gaza through its normal channels . An IDF spokesman said the vessels "  refused to comply with an invitation to come to Ashdod port where they could transfer aid into the Gaza strip . " Audrey Bomse , legal adviser to the Free Gaza Movement , told CNN the group did not believe the Israelis would let the cargo into Gaza , and that the cargo also included reconstruction aid which Israel does not allow into Gaza . How did things turn violent ? The Israel government says its soldiers faced violent resistance as they boarded the largest ship , the Marmara . The Free Gaza Movement denies there was violent resistance to Israeli soldiers , saying the soldiers immediately opened fire on unarmed civilians . Video released by the Israeli Defense Forces showed intense fighting on the decks of the ship . How many people were killed ? The number remains in dispute . Israel says nine flotilla participants were killed . The Free Gaza movement said the death toll was higher , but did not offer an exact number .	Flotilla left Cyprus Sunday , was due to arrive in Gaza on Monday Six ships -- three passenger and three cargo vessels -- were carrying over 10,000 tons of aid Israel government described the flotilla as a "  provocation " and said it was a political stunt Accounts differ as to what happened after Israel forces boarded the ship
CNN  -- On only his second day in office on Monday , Hong Kong 's chief executive was chased out of a town hall meeting by protesters , in a continuation of the widespread backlash against his appointment , according to local media reports . As the forum at a community center was drawing to a close , dozens of young protesters began to shout and hold up placards accusing Leung Chun-ying of putting on a "  political show . " Police escorted Leung out of the building and formed a human chain to clear a path to his car , which was swamped by protesters . The meeting , held in Tuen Mun district , was the first of six district visits planned for Leung to meet residents and discuss issues of concern in a public forum . It followed Leung 's promise to improve communication with the public . Following his inauguration on Sunday , 400,000 protesters flooded the streets for the city 's annual July 1 protest , in heightened numbers not seen since the turnout of 500,000 at the 2003 march , according to protest organizers . Police estimates of crowd numbers were much lower at 63,000 . Read about Hong Kong 's mass protest on July 1 Leung 's appointment , which was sealed by an elite 1,200-member committee with the Chinese central government 's blessing in March , topped citizens ' list of ongoing grievances . Sunday 's protest was dominated by chants for Leung to step down , dotted with banners and costumes mocking his credibility . Leung has come under fire most recently for six illegal building structures discovered at his home , which he claimed were installed by a previous tenant . He has also been accused of taking a hard-line approach on public freedoms and being a secret member of the Chinese Communist Party , allegations which he has denied . The backlash against Leung is a microcosm of the city 's frustration over a lack of universal suffrage , amid fears of Beijing 's encroachment into the city 's affairs and freedoms .	Hong Kong 's new chief executive chased out of town hall meeting by protesters Incident part of continuing backlash again CE 's appointment Thousands of protesters flooded Hong Kong 's streets following Sunday inauguration ceremony Fears of Chinese central government 's influence into city 's affairs underlying backlash
The ex-husband of an American woman killed in the United Arab Emirates said he was shocked by her fatal stabbing , but still feels safe there despite the bloody attack . "  I 'm totally horrified by what happened , " Paul Ryan said . "  One just needs to look at the video , the images of that bathroom , and it knocks you out . It knocks you out , " he said . "  I still hope my children have not seen that , those beautiful children , I have to make sure ... I protect them as best I can . " A veiled woman attacked Ibolya Ryan , 47 , on Monday in a restroom of a high-end mall in Abu Dhabi . She was killed with a sharp object during a fight in the women 's restroom , local authorities said . Police later arrested a female Emirati national of Yemeni descent , whom they described as a suspect . Paul Ryan arrived in Abu Dhabi last week to be reunited with his 11-year-old twin boys . He also has a 13-year-old daughter . "  I 'm still fearful of all of that , " he said , referring to his ex-wife 's attack . "  However , I have come to feel it is quite different . I 'm starting to believe what my ex-wife was always telling me -- that it 's safe . " ` They are treating me like family now ' Ryan said the the nation 's authorities have gone out of their way to ensure his family is taken care of , and have offered to pay for the three children 's education through college . "  They are treating me like family now , " he said . "  They have expressed almost precisely in these terms , the children will not have to worry about their education , for their entire education basically . " Ryan has the power to commute the death sentence and grant a pardon if the suspect is found guilty and handed capital punishment . The burden weighs heavily on him , he said . "  I ca n't believe I have the power to pardon , that is shocking to me . I do n't want this responsibility , " he said . "  As far as I can tell , it seems pretty damning evidence and she  the suspect  confessed herself . Ibolya , my dear ex-wife , and I do mean that , will not have died in vain . " Veteran teacher Ibolya Ryan was born in Romania and held Hungarian and American citizenship . She had been a teacher for 17 years , according to a Footprints Recruiting profile of her . Paul Ryan has created a Facebook page to honor his ex-wife 's memory . In September last year , Ibolya Ryan began teaching in Abu Dhabi , where she lived with her children . Before that , she taught special education in her ex-husband 's native Colorado . Surveillance video released by police shows the moments before and after the mall stabbing . A veiled figure police identified as the attacker walks calmly through a parking lot entrance , speaks to security guards and picks up a paper before disappearing around the corner out of sight . The video later shows the suspect running to an elevator and leaving the mall through the same parking lot doors . Reem Island , where the attack occurred , is a newly developed area popular with expatriates in the capital . The motive of the killing was unclear .	Ibolya Ryan , 47 , was killed in a mall restroom in Abu Dhabi She was a schoolteacher and mother of three Her ex-husband has arrived in the country to take care of their children
CNN  -- Three Palestinians , including two sick children , have died recently while waiting for resettlement from Iraq , the U.N. refugee agency said on Friday . UNHCR goodwill ambassador Angelina Jolie visits the Al Waleed refugee camp in August . About 2,000 Palestinian refugees are stranded in camps along the Syrian border and face difficult living conditions , including limited medical care , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . The agency has appealed for the resettlement of "  vulnerable and sick " children in Al Waleed refugee camp at the Iraqi-Syrian border . One of those who died in the camp was a 3-year-old Palestinian boy who was suffering from rickets and pneumonia . He died a few days ago in a Ramadi hospital and then was buried in Al Waleed . The other was a 14-year-old suffering from Hodgkin 's disease who died in Baghdad last week . A 50-year-old man who was waiting to be resettled died earlier this month in Al Waleed . The agency says seven people , including three children , have died at the camp since refugees fleeing attackers began arriving at the border in March 2006 . About 30 to 40 people arrive at the Al Waleed camp each week , the UNHCR reports . The agency has been pursuing medical resettlement . "  UNHCR has helped resettle one family of eight with several sick children from this camp to Norway last August . Another 11 medical cases submitted for resettlement are awaiting approval , " the agency said , which is working to identify other medical cases . And it is urging the resettlement of the entire group . "  UNHCR has sought solutions for the whole group since last year and has only received positive indications from Sudan and Chile , " the agency said . Thousands of Palestinians have lived in Iraq , with some going there when Israel was formed and others born there . The UNHCR notes that some got "  preferential treatment " under the regime of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein . But they have been the targets of violence since he was toppled . E-mail to a friend	U.N. agency appeals for medical resettlement of Palestinians in Iraq camps About 2,000 Palestinians in camps along Iraq-Syria border 30 to 40 refugees arrive at border camp each week , UNHCR says
CNN  -- Adopting a fascist salute to celebrate a goal in any country would border on the provocative -- but to do it in a land where the scars of Germany 's wartime occupation still run deep would appear to be professional suicide . So it has proved for AEK Athens ' Giorgos Katidis , whose actions after scoring the winning goal against Veria on Saturday so enraged Greek football officials that the former Under-19 captain has been barred from playing for the senior national team for life . "  The action by the player to salute spectators with a Nazi salute defies common sense , profoundly shows disrespect to all the victims of Nazi atrocities and injures the peaceful and deeply human character of football , " said the Greek football federation . "  The federation condemns unequivocally and categorically such actions . " Katidis , who turned 20 last month and led Greece to the final of last year 's European Under-19 Championships in Estonia , has denied having any knowledge of the significance of his actions . "  I 'm not a racist -- no way , " he wrote on his Twitter site . "  I hate fascism . I would n't have done it if I knew it meant something like that . I know the consequences . " As this weekend 's international break approaches , not to mention the many more that will follow , the tattooed youngster may be well advised to study his history . For despite the seven decades that have passed , many Greeks still shudder when they recollect the 300,000 citizens who died as the Nazis controlled mainland Greece between 1941 and 1944 . This would have been the very first good reason for the midfielder to avoid celebrating his goal in the Super League in the style he did -- but unfortunately for him , there were several more . The recent financial crisis affecting his country has heralded a rise in popularity for the neo-fascist party Golden Dawn , one of Europe 's most controversial -- and right-wing -- parties . Having taken just 0.2 % in Greece 's 2009 elections , the far right group 's campaign for the 2012 elections involved an aggressive anti-immigration stance , feeding upon the chronic financial anxiety of those suffering from both unemployment and austerity measures . The campaigning stance was so successful it resulted in a significant 7 % of the vote -- and 18 seats in parliament . While many Greeks are ashamed of Golden Dawn 's burgeoning popularity -- and would never want to be associated with them in any way -- Katidis ' actions came while playing for a club founded by immigrants in the 1920s . Despite the furore , the midfielder has received support from his coach Ewald Lienan , who -- as a German -- could have been forgiven for criticizing the footballer 's actions . "  He is a young kid who does not have any political ideas . He most likely saw such a salute on the internet , or somewhere else , and did it without knowing what it means , " Lienan said . "  I am 100 % sure that Giorgos did not know what he did . He was crying in the dressing room seeing how the media reacted . He is young and needs protection . " Katsidis ' late goal was of great significance to both AEK and the club 's fans , given that the 2-1 win enabled one of Greek football 's traditional giants -- currently in a crisis -- to pull four points clear of the relegation zone . Yet his celebration in front of the supporters in the Olympic Stadium only served to alienate a section who had initially reveled in his onfield display . "  There is no way we can forgive fascist salutes , " said influential supporters ' group -- Original 21 -- in a statement directed at Katidis . "  You are not welcome among us -- you are wanted ! We are not convinced by your tears or by your excuses . Fascists and Nazis do not belong in AEK . " Meanwhile , the Greek federation has told CNN that the ban on Katidis only applies to internationals and has no bearing on his standing within his club . AEK , champions on 11 occasions but whose stock has mirrored the Greek economy 's by plummeting in recent years , have asked the player to explain his actions on Wednesday -- the same day Super League officials are set to discuss the case . In 2005 , Lazio striker Paolo di Canio was handed a one-match ban by Italian football authorities after making a fascist salute towards his club 's fans during a game against Juventus . Greek media has reported that Katidis has been given time off by the club in order to visit his wife in Italy since the incident , with many reporting that his AEK future is in doubt . Just seven months into a four-year contract signed last August , the fortunes of a youngster who rose to prominence after impressing at Aris Salonika have been derailed for the most unlikely of reasons .	Giorgos Katidis barred for life from senior Greek national team after fascist salute 20-year-old says he did not know the meaning of his actions Leading AEK fans group calls for his exclusion from the club
Rome  CNN  -- Rescuers searching the stricken Costa Concordia found a body on bridge 3 Tuesday , bringing the number of confirmed dead from the wreck to 16 , civil protection officials said . The discovery leaves about 16 people still missing from among the roughly 4,200 aboard the cruise liner -- about 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members -- at the time of the collision with rocks off the island of Giglio . The vast majority fled the ship safely , if under chaotic and frightening conditions , according to survivors . Undersea salvage experts will not start siphoning fuel off the partially sunken liner before Saturday , the man in charge of the operation said Tuesday . Teams of divers have begun to set up the operation , Franco Gabrielli said in remarks televised from Giglio . His comments appear to contradict a timetable laid out Monday by an Italian admiral , who said that salvage workers were to begin pumping fuel out of the liner that day . Adm. Ilarione Dell ` Anna said it would take 28 working days to remove all the fuel from the ship . Gabrielli did not explain the discrepancy . He has asked the company that owns the ship to come up with a plan to clean up pollution from the vessel , such as garbage , by Wednesday , he said . The search for survivors and victims will continue alongside the salvage , said Gabrielli . The man in charge of the rescue operation said the divers faced a grim task . "  Imagine that you left for holidays and that the power went off in your house . What would you find in your fridge ? The divers are in there , " Ennio Aquilino said . Two bodies were found on Monday , and two more over the weekend -- one woman on Saturday and one on Sunday , both wearing life jackets . Divers used explosives Monday morning to blow more holes in the side of the ship to allow easier access . The parties involved in the rescue told reporters and residents on the island Sunday that search and rescue efforts will continue -- but that the environmental risk is also becoming urgent . Officials said they can not predict how long it will take to clear the wreckage , since that depends on maritime conditions and technical difficulties , but all legal , environmental and human factors will be taken into account . "  It 's time for Italy to show it can do something right and do it well , " said Gabrielli . He warned that the task ahead was complicated and daunting , not least because it takes about 45 minutes to search each cabin , using special cameras and divers . The giant Costa Concordia had 1,500 cabins on board . A class-action lawsuit will be filed in Miami against Costa and its parent company , Carnival Corp. , the Italian consumer group Codacons said Saturday . The suit , in collaboration with two U.S. law firms , is "  aimed specifically at getting compensation for all damages to the boat passengers , " Codacons said in a statement . The class-action suit is open to passengers of any nationality , it said . "  We 've been contacted by hundreds of victims and the numbers are growing moment by moment , " said Mitchell Proner , senior partner at Proner & Proner , one of two firms involved . He said crew members have also contacted the firm , "  and their stories that are coming in are horrific -- from lifeboats that were stuck halfway , passengers debating whether to jump or not . This was not an orderly evacuation . " The suit , he said , will request at least 125,000 euros  about $ 160,000  per passenger . The suit has not yet been filed , said Marc Bern , senior partner at the other firm , Napoli Bern Ripka Shkolnik , but "  it will probably be in the billions of euros and dollars . " "  The sheer terror of being on a ship of that magnitude going down , you can imagine the psychological damage , " Bern said . Meanwhile , Gabrielli said no fuel oil had yet leaked from the ship -- only kitchen and engine oil -- and that he did not see an immediate risk of the 2,400 tons on board escaping . Booms have been put in place around the ship to stop the spread of oil and other pollutants such as detergents and sewage chemicals . With more than 4,000 people aboard , the ship was the size of a small town , Gabrielli said . Fuel will be replaced with water as it is removed from the ship 's tanks , keeping the ship balanced , said Dell ` Anna , head of coastal authorities for the port city of Livorno . Gabrielli said Costa Cruises , the company that owns the cruise ship , is cooperative and was proving responsible , despite past errors . Both Costa Cruises and authorities have criticized Capt. Francesco Schettino , who is under house arrest and faces possible charges of manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning ship . Prosecutors have accused the captain of piloting the ship too fast to allow him to react to dangers , causing the shipwreck , according to legal papers . Schettino maintains his innocence . CNN 's Dan Rivers , Livia Borghese , Marilia Brocchetto , Vivian Kuo and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : A body is found on bridge 3 , civil protection officials announce Fuel salvage from the Costa Concordia will not start before Saturday , an official says About 16 people are still missing from among an estimated 4,200 on board The captain is under house arrest facing possible manslaughter charges
CNN Student News  -- August 31 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Tampa , Florida ; Gulf of Mexico London Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- A month after the Sewol ferry sank , leaving 284 people dead and 20 missing , the incident set off a bout of national soul searching in South Korea over what went wrong . Much of the blame has fallen on the ferry 's crew , who scrambled to safety while the passengers were told repeatedly to stay put . Four of them have been charged with murder , prosecutors told CNN Thursday . The company 's CEO has also been charged with "  causing death by negligence , as well as causing the capsizing of the ship in the line of duty . " Beyond the ferry 's owners and crew , the sinking has spurred a debate about governmental oversight and what preventive measures could 've been taken . The South Korean president , Park Geun-hye , said in a speech on April 21 : "  This accident is highlighting many problems . First , the ship 's introduction  how it came into the country  , inspections , operational permits must be examined . " The reckoning over the accident has been a bitter one . Here is a look at some of the suspected factors behind the tragedy : 1 . South Korean investigators : Sewol was overloaded The passenger ferry was carrying more than double the ship 's limit when it capsized , according to South Korean investigators . Since Chonghaejin Marine Company started the Incheon to Jeju route in March 2013 , 57 % of its trips carried excess cargo  139 times out of 241 trips  , according to the prosecutors . The company profited from overloading the ferry , earning an extra profit of $ 2.9 million since March 2013 , investigators say . Too much cargo contributed to sinking , police say 2 . Prosecutors : Cargo on the ferry was not properly secured Investigators have been probing the possibility the ship overturned because of a sharp turn that may have shifted the cargo , knocking the vessel off balance . Witnesses have described how several containers fell over and made booming sounds as they tumbled off balance . Loosely tied goods contributed to the Sewol 's sinking , because the cargo had n't been tied properly , senior prosecutor Yang Joong-jin said earlier this month . "  The lashing devices that should have held cargo goods steady were loose , and some of the crew members did not even know " how to use them correctly , Yang said . 3 . Crew insisted passengers stay put "  Please do not move from your location , " the ferry 's loudspeakers blared at those on board . "  Absolutely do not move . " This type of warning was heard repeatedly as the Sewol began its descent into the water . Hundreds of passengers , unable to tell what was happening , complied . The instruction to remain in place , instead of getting on lifeboats , has been described as "  terribly , tragically wrong , " by one CNN analyst . It 's unclear why the crew made this determination , which remains one of the most haunting and perplexing questions surrounding the incident . A transcript of the communication between Sewol and the local authority shows that the decision was made fairly early . At 9:00 a.m. , the Jeju Vessel Traffic Services Center told an unidentified crew member : "  Please put on the life vests and get ready as people may have to abandon ship . " The Sewol crew member immediately replied : "  It is hard for people to move . " During communications with the local traffic services center that lasted until 9:38 a.m. , the unidentified crew member repeatedly asserted that passengers could not reach life rafts or rescue boats because "  they ca n't move ... the vessel has listed . "  From transcript 4 . The captain abandoned ship , while passengers were told not to move . Capt. Lee Joon-seok of the Sewol has come under heavy criticism for abandoning the ship while hundreds of passengers remained on board . Pictures of the captain in what looks like his underwear hopping into the arms of the rescuer infuriated the nation . President Park Geun-hye described the crew 's actions as being "  like murder . " Lee is now facing murder charges . He initially defended the decision saying that he had everyone "  stand by and wait for the rescue boat to arrive . " "  The tidal current was strong and water temperature was cold , and there was no rescue boat , " he told reporters last month . "  So I had everyone stand by and wait for the rescue boat to arrive . " 5 . Inexperienced crew member steered the ship . Authorities have questioned why an inexperienced third mate was guiding the ship at the time of the accident . That third mate is also facing charges of not abiding by emergency safety law , negligence which led to the ship sinking and causing injuries leading to deaths . The captain was not at helm at the time of the accident . There is no law requiring the captain to be on the bridge when the third mate is steering , but that an inexperienced member of the crew was navigating in one of the most treacherous stretches of the trip has raised questions . The third mate denied making a sharp turn a few days after the accident and said , "  The steering turned much more than usual . There are aspects where I made mistakes but for some reason the steering turned so much faster than usual . " 6 . Delays on notifying proper authorities of the accident The first distress call came not from the ship 's crew , but instead from a boy on board who used a cell phone to contact emergency services at 8:52 a.m. His call to emergency services gave rescuers a few extra minutes to get to the stricken Sewol as it is listed dangerously before capsizing . Three minutes later , the ship 's crew made a distress to authorities in Jeju -- which was the ship 's destination rather than near its accident site . The miscommunication may have caused delays . 7 . Ship 's modifications raise questions The Sewol had been renovated in 2013 to expand the top floor to make room for more passengers . The 20-year-old ship was originally used in Japan , until Chonghaejin Marine Co. purchased the ferry in 2012 and refurbished it . Chonghaejin added extra passenger cabins on the third , fourth and fifth decks , raising passenger capacity and altering the weight and balance of the vessel . Investigators want to know if the renovations may have made the ferry more likely to capsize or raised the ship 's center of gravity . The South Korean Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries announced in late April that it would ask lawmakers to consider legislation prohibiting modifications to ships to increase passenger capacity . The government plans to take away the company 's licenses for all its routes , including the one on which the Sewol sank , according to an official at the ministry . CNN 's Kyung Lah , KJ Kwon , Judy Kwon , Paula Hancocks , Jung-eun Kim , Frances Cha and Stella Kim contributed to this report .	284 have died on Sewol ferry , since accident on April 16 , a month ago Blame has fallen on crew , ferry operating company , South Korean government Captain and three crew members have been charged with murder
